Oct 22 2009 	Breath-taking Hotel	Hotel One&amp;Only Royal Mirage is one of the most gorgeous hotels that I've ever visited. The views are breathtaking day and night. Everything is almost perfect here. If you can afford it, go there, you won't regret.	
Oct 11 2009 	The name says it all...................One and Only!	My husband and I are wel travelled throughout, Europe,Canada,America and the Caribbean. Having stayed in most 5* this is by far the best ever! Service amazing, just think how everthing could be so perfect and this is how it is........... gorgeous food in all resturants! quality and impecable service.... very relaxing and luxury everywhere. The staff through out the hotel are a amazing and can't do enough for you. Eau Zone resturant is fantastic but so are al the rest. We went to Atlantis waterpark for the day, excellent but very busy, we did go on a public holiday though! We will go back to this hotel hopefully soon. We want to say thank you to everyone at the hotel for making our stay at the hotel the best ever! Thank you for the wonderful flowers you gave us and the prezzie for our anniversary! Amazing	
Oct 3 2009 	Would we go back? Absolutely !!	We've just returned from 12 fantastic days staying in a gold club room at The Palace.Was the Gold Club worth it ? Well yes it probably was, if only for the freebie evening drinks in the company of some superb staff &amp; like minded guests.The whole resort ambiance suited exactly what we were looking for &amp; having stayed in several other hotels in Dubai this is definitely our favourite.Although on a half board deal we took full advantage of the credits on offer (although they didnt seem to be too generous) &amp; went to many of the other restaurants. Eau Zone in particular rates a special mention by providing probably the best meal the two of us have ever had. The Beach Grill (try the whole Sea Bass .......) &amp; Ninas were also excellent.Any criticisms? The Gold Club luckily meant we didn't need to use the room mini bar which was extortionate, the on site shuttle between The Palace &amp; Arabian Court was poorly organised particularly between 7 &amp; 8PM &amp; the temperature control of our room shower kept us &quot;interested&quot;.All in all the layout (low rise &amp; well spread out), facilities &amp; staff made this a very memorable holiday for us, we will be returning.	
Oct 1 2009 	Forth time in Dubai This Time the the Arabian Court	This was our forth holiday to Dubai we had stay'd at the royal meridian three times. thought itwas time for a change so we picked the one and only. form arriving there to leaving we both had a great time fantastic room . lots better then the meridian we try'd not to compair the two hotels but its hard not to.six of one and half a dozen of the other.i do belive that food and service at the arabian court could be lifted to the next level.as always the drinks are to expensive, and i was disopointed that to pool area wasnt cleaned as well as it could have been, dont let my moans put you off this is a great place to relax, and be made that your some body, we would go back again,	
Aug 31 2009 	An amazing hotel superb facilities and attention to detail. Too pricey?	First of all let me say that I can't really fault this hotel. The overall experience from start to finish is amazing. There is attention to detail everywhere, from the quality of the many restaurants you can choose from, to the knowledgable and friendly staff, the hotel is world class.We stayed half board, and the quality of the food on offer was superb. We were impressed that you were able to use your half-board 'credits' at several of the resorts restaurants, each of which had a different theme and high quality service and food.The rooms were very highly finished, and the daily service to the room was impecabble.If I were to gripe I would argue that the extortionate mini bar prices (none of which I subsequently used, think £5 for a pack of crisps), and also some of the silly prices elsewhere (£2.50 per minute to ring England from room phone) seem a little tacky considering what you've paid to stay in the hotel. I wish hotels would be a little less greedy on things like the mini bar, surely more people would then use them and so bring in more money? But what do I know.Anyway, a truely world class hotel with fantastic service and staff and incredible quality of finish.We want to go back!!!!!!!!	
Aug 30 2009 	More than 5 Stars.	16 fantastic days at the palace with my wife and our 9 year old doughter.Arrived at 07.00 AM, the room was ready and we had a very personal check in.Our room was on the ground floor, with a terrace and beautifull views to the gardens and the palm jumeirah.The room was very nice, with lcd tv, seperate shower, walk in wardrobe, bathrobe, etc,etc, etc.The hotel itself is very quiet, noble and clean with a huge pool area, beautifull beach and a fantastic garden area. Restaurants:Tryed Olives and Rottisserie with buffets. Olives has a mediteran touch and Rottisserie offers food with arabian cousine. Joined the Beach Grill and Eau Zone with a very innovative menue. I can recommend all restaurants without restrictions. The Pool Bar was also very good with a wide range of drinks and snacks. Staff:Very friendly and competent staff. From the reception to the room service, the staff in the restaurants and the bars, they can not do enough for you. Location:Direct on Jumeirah Beach. The first hotel after the Palm Jumeirah. You can reach the Dubai Marina and the major shopping malls in a few minutes by taxi. Building work: yes, disturbance: not at all. You can hear it only far away.I could write much more positive things about this hotel, but to make it short: This was our 8th stay in the UAE. All in 5star hotels. All very good hotels (exept the Hilton Abu Dhabi - which is realy not good), but the Royal Mirage was by far the best hotel i have ever stayed.	
Aug 24 2009 	Pure Luxury	This was an amazing holiday from start to finish we have visited this hotel many times before and it just gets better and better .We started our 16 night stay at the arabian court and as promised we had 2 inter-connecting rooms on the ground floor these were amazing.We were celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary and went to Celebrities for dinner where the table was laid beautifully my wife was presented with a boquet of flowers and we were looked after by Sweetesh and Khemraj .We have so many friends in the royal mirage and we then moved to a Palace gold club suite and were greeted by Max who looked after us impeccably with his staff special mention to Sugath Manoj Arshad and Sampath on room service.Our daughter had her exam results while we were there and a party was arranged by Bandullah from Esplanade who arranged a cake and a special table . The pool staff were amazing and looked after us all of the time especially Jobi who we always look forward to seeing. The beach bar grill had great food and we were welcomed by Junior who even bought my son presents. The staff should be congratulated and i will return next year where we have met lots of friends who will all return next year . I am still sore from the Friday football match which was great fun and gets everyone together . Special thanks to Jimmy from Ninas where without him my son would still be locked in the toilet !!! We all enjoyed this holiday so much we cant wait to get back The Dunns	
Aug 19 2009 	Simply fabulous holiday - you wont be disappointed	After much deliberation and review reading on trip advisor I booked 10 nights for myself (single mum) and three children all boys age 11, 8 and 6. I was apprehensive as the reviews could fluctuate in their ratings and although having worked extensively in India, I was unsure how Dubai would suit our single parent family set up. I needn't have worried. We stayed at the Arabian Court, which we absolutely loved with its welcoming, Arabian and intimate feel. The staff were superb. The rooms wonderful and spacious. The dining superb. We were on the half board dine around programme which means you can eat in any of the restaurants, in the Rotisserie and Olives you just pay for drinks and in some of the other restaurants such as Eau Zone you receive credit to a certain value and pay the extra. Eau Zone was our favourite and as we were mainly ordering from the childrens menu, financially it worked out the cheapest. The food in Eau Zone is amazing and as good if not better than the best restaurants I have eaten in. The surroundings are lovely and I would definitely recommend it. Old Dubai, souks and creeks are a must see, take a break from the sky scrapers, and also try shopping in Kamala if you like to haggle and get a bargain. I thought Atlantis hotel was awful. A monstrous building but good to take a mono rail trip to see. The water park was ok but not comparable to florida according to my children. When I asked them what was their favourite thing, the 3 responses were the macaroni cheese ! the souks and the friendliest people in the world. Everyone made our stay delightful and I am already itching to book again for early next year. Having seen many of the other hotels I honestly think you won't do much better than this.	
Aug 17 2009 	JUST LOVE THIS HOTEL	This was our second stay at this wonderful hotel we stayed in a Palace Gold Club room which pays for its self as you have afternoon tea from 3 pm then at 6 pm you can go for pre dinner drinks which is a good move as the drinks usually are very expensive even the non alcoholic ones.The hotel is so beautiful and the staff are so nice and friendly.We took our breakfast each morning in celeberaties its a lovely big airy room with a great view we preferred it to olives.Every night we tried a different place to eat as we were on the half board package ,The food was good in all areas.We really enjoyed staying at this hotel and would reccommend it .When we were there it was quiet and there was plenty of sun beds around the pool and on the beach the pool guys are really great they are so friendly.Thankyou to all the hard working staff who have made our holiday so special.We will be Back !	
Jul 25 2009 	ABSOLUTE HEAVEN!!!	Have just returned from our third stay at The One &amp; Only Royal Mirage. This year we booked Gold Club, and boy was it worth it. We had free half board to begin with, as we had in previous years. Gold Club also included High Tea each day from 3pm to 6pm, then free drinks, and cocktails were served from 6pm to 8pm!! Max the manager of the gold club and his staff were fantastic and did everything possible to make your stay special.This hotel makes your visit to Dubai very, very special, from the moment you check in, until the minute you leave in your taxi to the airport!All the staff are wonderful, from the reception staff, the staff working in the restaurants, to the staff who service the rooms. The are all very attentive, without being ' over the top'The choice of food, and restaurants would be enough to please even the fussiest of eaters! It was my wifes' birthday while we were there and on the day of her birthday when we retuned to the room there was a beautiful bouquet of flowers, a bottle of perfume and a card from the manager. later in the day we returned to find a beautiful cake which was hand iced with birthday greeting.The pool area and beach area are fantastic there is plenty of space and a great range of beach activities.This is a truly special hotel, a special place for a fantastic holiday and we can't wait to return next year. If you are planning a trip to Dubai you won't find a better hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Fabulous!	We stayed at The Palace, this is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in whilst abroad. The rooms are excellent with large balconies. The hotel has a great choice of restaurants and we ate in almost all of them - they were all excellent, price wise they were what you would expect from a hotel of this class. The tranquility of the private beach was interuppted by building work but we didn't find this too off putting and spent a few days on the beach and a few around the pool. Service at this hotel is superb, housekeeping take off their shoes to clean your room, and the service around the pool (which I find is not great in some hotels) was excellent and if you decide to move from your lounger it has a great pool bar. They have a chaffeur driven car that takes you between The Palace, Arabian Court and The Residence - we went across to the Arabian Court a few nights as they have 2 great bars - one inside and one of the rooftop. The Arabian Court compared to The Palace seemed just as nice, inside the Arabian Court was very impressive in the communial areas we visited - though the pool at The Palace looked better. I had some treatments in the spa and they were fantastic - the staff really knew there stuff. Location wise - you can't walk anywhere in Dubai, however we visited the Burj Al Rab, Jumeriah Beach restaurants/souk and the Mall of Emirates - they all were a short cab ride away.	
Jul 8 2009 	Arabian Court just perfect	Third time here, also booked for my daughters honeymoon. Not let down at all, standards maintained throughout hotel. Smaller than Palace, but still would be hard to decide which is better. On half board basis, can use all restaurants with either table hote or 135 dirum credit against al a carte. This time Eau Zone was my favourite restaurant, but again spoilt for choice. Booked with Best at Travel for the best holiday deal, with fast attentive attention from travel expert Simon.We also stopped in Maurtitius at Sands Resort excellent and flew with Emirates brillliant.	
Jun 29 2009 	If I could give 6 stars I would !!!	Just returned from 4 nights at the One and Only Palace , This was booked as a late break , we had stayed at the Mina A Salam last year and were expecting this hotel not to be as good , our cocerns were misplaced , the hotel and staff were exceptional , the room was lovely , food quality and choice of restaurants excellent , complimentary water in the rooms and around the Pool ( we paid approx £7.00 for a large bottle by the pool at the Mina ) , nothing was too much trouble for the staff , If I could give 6 stars I would . Visited Atlantis water park Aquaadventure , the one and only have a special deal of 135dr as the atlantis is a sister hotel , good day out but save some money and take your own towel ( towels and lockers a rip off ) . We cannot wait to go back , we ate one night in the Dining Room at the residence it was fabulous . Only thing missing was tea and coffee making in the rooms .	
Jun 29 2009 	Everything about this hotel was 5 star	Just after returning from 5 days at the Arabian Court in the One and Only Dubai and I only have good things to say about it. The service is simply excellent. The hotel is immaculate and the attention to detail is far superior to any hotel I have ever stayed at. The restaurants at the resort are all very good and you really do feel like a welcome guest as soon as you arrive. The Pool, private beach and services put a lot of hotels to shame and anyone staying here really should have a good time. Enjoy it. I did, and I will hopefully be back sooner rather that later.....	
Jun 27 2009 	Everything about this hotel is excellent	This was our fourth stay at the Royal Mirage. Our last three stays were at the palace, this time we tried the arabian court section because the palace was full. Both sections of the hotel give the same wonderful service, but the arabian court felt a little more personal simply because it was smaller and you got to see the same staff all the time.Dubai and this hotel is not great if you want to get out and about and see some history. However, if you want to go somewhere that gives complete relaxation, with personal wonderful service, good weather and a completely lovely time, you can't beat this hotel.Nearly everyone we spoke to had been to the hotel before, which is always a great recommendation. Can't recommend this place highly enough.	
Apr 28 2009 	Wonderful Stay	Just spent 5nts at the Arabian Court - after 5nts at the Atlantis we were looking forward to the Royal Mirage and were not disappointed. On our first night our 4yr old son scalded his chest with boiling hot water (rooms normally do not have kettles but we had requested due to having a baby), he was taken to the local Welcare Centre and treated and had to go back daily for treatment. the hotel staff were amazing that night and the rest of our stay. They provide a hotel car to take us everyday and the drivers always waited to return us. Everyone always asked how he was from reception staff to house-keeping. Nothing was ever to much trouble.With regards to the hotel, yes there is building work around the Arabian court due to the Metro and yes it does stand out and this was a concern before we arrived but I had nothing to worry about, there was the old noise but overall not a major concern.Overall - despite our personal accident the stay was great and enjoyable.Big Thanks to Claire - Guest Relations and Deon (Manager) for all your assistance and wonderful support. Ethan is healing nicely.	
Mar 27 2009 	Loved it!	We are writing this review from Dubai airport, as we loved this hotel so much that we are still impressed. We stayed in the Palace, there was no construction noise whatsoever, and we could not even see it from our part of the hotel. We have had a free room upgrade to Gold Club as well. We liked the beach, the pool area surrounded by palms, the food and great staff. The hotel has a vast area for walking, which was exactly what we were looking for. The atmosphere is very calm and relaxing although there are some activities going on where my husband actively took part. The laundry is fast efficient too.We highly recommend Chicken Shawarma and Moroccan Tea in the Arabian Courtyard Restaurant. Food in the Olives is good too. The only drawback was the incident on the last day when we have reserved a table in the Beach Bar and Grill, arrived there on time, only to find out that all the tables are busy and the staff lied to us, saying our table is not ready yet and kept us waiting for more than 20 minutes.Anyway, one waiter cannot ruin the impression made by a hundred of dedicated people. Keep up the good work, guys, we will definitely come back!	
Mar 23 2009 	wonderful experience	I travelled to Dubai for my 40th Birthday and can honestly say it was probably one of our best holidays. YES there is building going on but don't let that put you off as while we were there it was only hammer noise which could easily be forgotten about. (with all the construction work going on I would doubt you would be able to find any hotel that could 100% state no building work nearby) The staff in the Arabian Court were 1st class from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. We had a deluxe room which opened on to the gardens which are beautiful. The room was lovely and the bathroom superb. We were on a half board basis and the food was out of this world.You could also try other restaurants in the complex and just pay the difference. Drink is very expensive £18 for 2 halves of lager in the hotel but again we can manage with soft drinks which were about £3 for coke. The pool is great, really warm and lots of beds...... towels provided and drinking water which is a nice touch. This also applies to the beach.....a private beach with comfy beds with parasols and tables..........also a man who can clean your sunglasses!!!!!! We had lunch at the Burj which was well worth the money and went to the shopping centres but were a bit dissappointed as prices more expensive than in England. The temperature was 30-33 the whole time we were there and be careful of the breeze as you can end up looking like a lobster!!!!We went to a Managers cocktail party which was great, a lovely ending to our stay. We also flew with Emirates, a Company I would recommend to anyone.I could go on forever but seeing is believing this hotel.....a true Arabic experience and we are just waiting to go back	
Feb 27 2009 	Amazing service fabulous hotel - The Palace @ One 	Just back from a wonderful stay at this hotel. The service was fantastic - staff couldnt do enough for you. We had real five star service - from the guys who turned your lounger to face the sun, the one holding out a cool towel for you, to the bar and room staff...everyone was friendly and obliging without being overbearing. The Palace is quiet and relaxing. The pool was gorgeous, and there was room for everyone. We stayed on a half board basis and were happy with the restaurant choice, The food in all the restaurants was of a very high quality. There were half board menus to choose from or you could select from the a la carte and 'top up' if it came to more than the 135 dirhams allocated. We found we only needed to top up if we had wine - except at the Eau Zone (but this was really fine dining!)If you choose to stay at the Palace at the One and Only, you really wont be disappointed. I would definitely recommend it - only wish our stay was longer!Only one word of advice - I'd avoid staying at the Arabian Court, there is a lot of building work going on there and we felt that the noise from that and the road going over to the Palm was too much.	
Jan 18 2009 	very good but...	hello to all of you!this was our second time in dubai,first beeing for christmas 2000 at the o&amp;o spa,first year,just finished,we were among the first to stay there.we were there for a week and then 2ngts at the burj al arab...so..arabic!! this time we stayed at the arabian court.one standard delux double room for us(small) and one SINGLE standard delux room for my mother(big!!)...it was a disapointment..but again we arrived in different dates,so maybe there was no availability??.(we were first to arrive)no need to speek about the construction next to the hotel(24hrs),i think everybody knows about it and how it spoils the hole atmosphere of the resort....plus the still unfinished palm island in front of the beach. 8 years ago,when the palm was just coming up on the surface,the scenery was muuuuch better...anywaysand is not only the front that is changed,the back side of the hotel is totaly different too. sooooo many skyscrapers,there was almost nothing there before..it was something like 20 min to go to the desert at 2000 and now it took us 1.30hrs.back to the hotelthe concierge was very helpfull to all our requests.one of the bestwe were usualy having lunch at the eau zone restaurant,very good asian snackfood,but some times the stuff is not top,too busy..no..?one night we had dinner at the tajine restaurantgood service,live music,good hotelfoodand an otherone at the beach restaurant of the palacenot very good service,but the atmosphere was nice and the food not bad for a hotel.overall,it was not bad,but i dont go back again!anyways,enough with dubai..too artificiaLanastasiaps.thanks to all trip advisor members that contribute to this very helpfull to all site:)	
Jan 7 2009 	The Elephant in the room (unacceptable construction nearby)	we have just returned from a week in interconnecting rooms at the Arabian Court. we have stayed in other one and only resorts and, in summary, do not think the location of the Arabian Court (overshadowed by a massive construction site, which is very visible from the pool area and causes noise disruption, and looking out onto a monorail track under construction and The Palm site with all the consequent building related activity) is consistent with a 5 star experience at all. In my opinion all guests should be warned that construction is very visible and on going and that the hotel is overshadowed/dominated by the size of the building site. of the 3 linked hotels i would certainly favour the Palace or the residence, both of which are less affected by the building work next door to the Arabian court.if staying at the Arabian court I would stay in the Sharq wing (top floor) which has better sea views and does not look onto the builiding site.other negatives: lobby areas and all dining venues are very low lit, the pool area is adequate but much smaller than the pool at the Palace, there is no gym onsite, the beach here is inferior to the other linked hotels and probably one of the worst now because of the Palm sitting just offshore to the hotel.we purchased tickets to wild wadi water park from the concierge who then said that we had to pay cash to the hotel for the tickets. As we did not have sufficient cash in Dirhams (about GBP150) we had to pay the hotel a 5 percent commission ie as if it were a cash advance. On arrival at the park we realised that, contrary to what the concierge said, we could have simply bought tickets there by credit card.positives include: good dining facilities and service levels generally high. For families the connecting rooms are ideal as they are connected via a lobby which then has its own set of doors to the hotel corridor ie perfect for thsoe wishing to connect 2 rooms. They were also willing to guarantee interconnection at booking which is not always the case.	
Dec 31 2008 	still perfect	Second time at the Royal Mirage. First time two years ago without a child, now this time with our eight months old son. Stayed once again at the palace but this time as a golf club guest. I must say everything was perfect from the beginning to the end. I would specially recommend to book a gold club room as the personnalized service is a great value. The staff was just perfect. Nothing has changed for two years and the hotel is still at the top. What's striking is the incredible kindness of the staff, always smiling, always helpful. One week at the royal mirage is a week of complete rest and luxury. I tried almost all the restaurants and would specially recommend Eau Zone at the Arabian Court. The Hamman is also a great ewperience. However, be aware that noisy building constructions are in progress very close to the Arabian Court and that could be a problem for guests looking for quietness. The palm construction is not really a problem exept maybe for the view. One very annoying thing is the terrible noise caused by high-speed boats cruising very close to the beach several times a day; but well ok it's dubaï...Overall once again a perfect stay.	
Nov 27 2008 	I'm still in love with the Royal Mirage	This was my second time to the O&amp;O Royal MirageFirst time they were just beginning to build the Palm and we had no children. This time was with our son age twoI arrived together with my son during the night as my husband was already there on Business. He meet us in the airport with the hotels white 'Hummer' :o)We had a room in the Arabian Court. Which is the area I will recommend to stay at. There are way to may people and children at the Palace. The Arabian Court is much more relaxed and quite. There are only a few childen families there.The rooms are perfect and I just LOVE the bathroom. Is renovation the one at home in the same style! We had booked at Deluxe room.We had ordered the stay with half pension so we eat at the Buffet restaurant The Rotisserie all evenings. Easier with a child who is running around. The restaurant had a lovely cord yard where the children could run around.The same restaurant offers breakfastFor lunch I can recommend the Eauzone. Book a table by the beach side. It is nice and windy. They also have a good manu for childrenMay is a perfect time of year in Dubai. The sea is nice and warmThe view is not as good as before the Palm. But still.. I love this hotel, the service, the food, the weather, the beach... It is just perfect and I will be back with in the next few years :o)	
Nov 20 2008 	Excellent hotel	We lived in the Palace section of the Royal Mirage and enjoyed it thoroughly. We stayed there with our 2 kids. Stay in the Arabian Court section of the hotel if you are not travelling with children as it has the best restaurants and bars.We will definately return to this hotel when in Dubai. Better than Burj al Arab when travelling with children!The good- Hotel grounds are spacious and great for small children- Room service is excellent, menu is good- Pool area at the Palace is fantastic- Restaurants are good - especially in the Arabian Court section- Location is excellent right by the beach and close to the marina etc.- Try the EauZone restaurant - its excellentThe bad- Pool restaurant menu is very limited and standard of food is below par- No food service in pool area outside pool bar	
Nov 17 2008 	Special aniversary	Fantasic Hotel,We had a great 5 days stay, staff gave us the 5+ star treatment,The grounds and beach very nice,Great choice of food,Out side the complex you can not walk any were you are advised to Taxi these are very cheap.First time in Dubai Very Hot and a lot of building work going on!	
Nov 9 2008 	Its just my favourite but beware of all the building work ! !	My favourite Hotel entrance and drive up. Just such a beautiful place - fabulous luxurious - one of the best pools in the world - lovely rooms - Service at its best in and around the hotel. Constant sunshine but great air con - what more could you want. Excellent security. Left my designer sunglasses out in the dessert one night and they were retrieved and back in my room 2 days later with a pair lent to me in the meantime. Exceptional honesty. We have now been there 3 times at different times of the year - the water is not so warm in Jan - Feb time but May - Aug just beautiful.	
Nov 5 2008 	Fantastic experience	Dubai is an experience and this hotel was superb.On arrival the gong was sounded to welcome us to the hotel and hot towels along with a welcome drink were served as we checked in.Food, service and facilities were all excellent - would love to return very soon!	
Oct 29 2008 	oasis relief	Stayed here in August, was on business for 3 days in the UAE and took my partner along for a few days 'break' afterwards. What a stunning resort - perfectly located at the foot of the 'Palm' Island close to the hustle and bustle of Dubai - but a world away when it comes to a quiet oasis in the desert.Stayed in the Arabian Court section of the property - there are 3 The Palace, The Arabian Court and The Residence and Spa. The Givenchy Spa was a welcomed relief from the Hot 110F temperatures, as even the sea water was too hot to provide any relief. Service was always efficient and friendly with nothing too much bother. Next time I will pick a cooler time of year to visit - but certainly will ensure I stay at a One and Only Resort	
Oct 24 2008	wonderful hotel	This was our first visit to Dubai and this hotel could not have been more perfect. After a long flight and almost as long in the airport getting through immigration (despite having a fast track pass) we arrived at this hotel in the middle of the night , check in was fast and we were in our room quickly. We booked a suite because we had our 16 year old daughter with us , it was the size of a one bedroom apartment and everything was gorgeous . Our daughter slept on a sofa bed in the living area which she said was very comfortable.The staff in this hotel are brilliant always very polite and friendly . The restaurants were great we ate in Olives, Tagine, Nina, The Rotisserie and the Beach and Grill bar all were excellent but our favourite for food was Nina and for a romantic dinner the beach bar and grill was beautiful .We also had the ultimate afternoon tea at the Burg Al Arab which was a great experience and i would love to go there again . We also went Dune Bashing with Arabian Adventures which was fantastic definitely worth doing.I hope to go back to to this lovely hotel and my daughter and i both said we could feel a trip to Dubai coming on at Easter :).	
Oct 23 2008 	Another Great Holiday	This was our 4th visit to the Royal Mirage Palace and we always stay in the Gold Club, the staff are so friendly and helpful. We would especially thank Dean, Flaven, Sultan, Cosmos and Santosh who went out of there way to make sure we had a great time.We will definetley be returning next year.	
Oct 20 2008 	Fantastic Holiday	Just returned from a week at the Palace and it was the most fantastic holiday. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left the service was outstanding. However, what made our trip so memorable was the service we received from the boys in the Gold Club. Flaven, Dean, Sultan (to name but a few) were a real credit to the hotel. Nothing was too much trouble for them. If you are thinking about booking this hotel - go for the Gold Club rooms.Overall, the hotel lived up to our expectations and we would definitely recommend staying there. Only one word of warning, don't have your breakfast outside at Celebrities - the black crows are an absolute menace! Also the weather in October was still extremely hot - much hotter than we thought it would be.	
Sep 15 2008 	Perfect Perfect Perfect	Would thoroughly recommend this luxury hotel and resort to stay in Dubai and we would certainly stay here again. Everything about it was impressive – the staff, the service, the facilities, the food, and the immaculately maintained grounds together with its private beach and pool areas. We originally booked at the Palace but were upgraded to the Arabian Court on check in. The Roof Top Bar at the Arabian Court is a must for drinks, and the Beach Café also a must for dining. Also don’t hesitate to use the laundry service – you will be most impressed!	
Sep 14 2008 	Beautiful Oasis of calm	We went for 5 days at the beginning of September. It was our first trip to Dubai and the city itself was exactly as we had expected it - hot and dusty. However, the Residence &amp; Spa exceeded our expectations. It was an oasis in the middle of the two larger sister hotels and was mainly frequented by couples in their forties to sixties and a smattering of younger honeymooners. We saw only one child, but that's to be expected as the neighbouring hotels target the family market. The ambience was rather like a colonial house. Some reviewers have said that it seemed stuffy, but they were people who were staying at the other hotels and visiting for dinner. It certainly has a different and quieter ambience, but I wouldn't have said it was in any way stuffy. Staff was friendly and eager to please. We stayed in the premium room (entry level) and it was large and comfortable and more than adequate for our needs. The pool was very big and temperature controlled which I think is standard in Dubai. It made for a very refreshing cool down and we swam more there than anywhere else we've stayed. The pool service was exceptional - every time we put down our tumbler it was refilled with cold water. We also had fruit and sorbet, which was a nice little treat.We particularly liked the fact that we could use the restaurants of the Arabian Court and Palace. During our stay we at at the Beach Bar (Palace) and Nina and Eau Zone (Arabian Court) as well as two evenings in the Dining Room. The dining room was more expensive, but it was a fine dining experience of a wonderful standard. It was very quiet in there, though, and we felt we should keep our voices down! Maybe not for anyone other than couples? One reviewer said the food was bad, but that was certainly not our experience. All four restaurants rated very highly.All in all, an excellent hotel and we are now very spoiled and will find it hard to stay elsewhere in Dubai.	
Sep 5 2008 	Top quality service	From the moment you arrive this Hotels sets you at ease and you know you are finally on Holiday ! All the staff are very attentive and always greet you with a nod and a smile . Buffet / carvery superb evening and morning ! Pool scene great with enough activities ( if needed ! ) Roof top bar has to be experienced to be appreciated . One of our fave's in the World ! So tranquil . Would go back many times !	
Sep 1 2008 	Besat holiday in the world!	Just returned from a week at the Royal Mirage, wow what a brilliant holiday!The hotel was stunning, set over a large area with its own private beach. The hotel staff were fantastic, we couldn't fault anything at all.The rooms were spacious and very clean. maid service twice a day, nothing was too much effort for any of the staff.The food in all of the hotels 8 restaurants were superb, in fact so good we didn't leave the hotel at all in the evenings. Breckfast was also very good with a huge choice.Dress code is smart casual in the evenings, and although you could get away with smart jeans, most people dressed up a little bit. I found linen trouser, smart flip flops and a shirt was the most comfortable, especially if going outside. The private beach was stunning, crystal clear water and white sand, however the sea water was actually hot so no chance of cooling down! The pool was gorgeous and nice and cool, great for cooling down as the water is chilled!All in all, best holiday I've ever had and cant wait to go back later in the year!	
Aug 27 2008 	Fantastic!!!!!	Went for a surprise present for my 40th!!! The Residence and Spa couldn't do enough for us. Many Thanks for the flowers and the presents from the Spa. The staff where great. Fantastic service.The great thing about the Residence and Spa is that yes there are two other hotels next to it - The Arabian Court and the Palace as residents you are able to use the facilities at the other hotels but the Residence and Spa is only for residents of said hotel. What a fantastic 40th, one I wont forget.Will definitely go back	
Aug 13 2008 	Welcome Retreat	Wow, from the moment entering this hotel I thought I landed in heaven, ok so the 10 hour flight may have had something to do with it. The attention to detail in the hotel was amazing and never saw any lack of maintenance anywhere. A big thank you to the staff who made my birthday stay a memorable one. All the public areas that I saw were quite simply stunning, there us certainly a lot to explore at the Arabian Court itself. The Roof Top Terrace is a definite must, very comfortable &amp; the staff were very attentive without being obtrusive. The room was very spacious with just enough 'antique' style furniture to make it comfortable, the bathroom, well you could live in it and a fantastic shower with very good pressure. There is plenty of closet space and the huge bed was very comfortable. When in need of emergency pressing, their was someone at the door in less than 5 minutes. The 'buffet' style breakfast was second to none, catering for every possible taste. Nina's restaurant with a slight hint of Indian Moulin Rouge meets Arabia, was undeniably good with exceptional service. The Tomato Butter Chicken is highly recommended. The temprature controlled pool was a blessing as the sea was like getting into a bath after someone had already been in it!!!Overall I could not fault the service, which was exceptional, the room I could have moved into and it was very welcoming. There is always one thing, how come this appears to be the only One &amp; Only which charges for internet usage and per minute !!!All in all go, you just have to stay there !!!	
Aug 12 2008 	A lot of eastern promise	We arrived in 47 degrees of sauna heat and swiftly taken to the hotel by desert adventures, delivered to the archway of the hotel.Arrival reception booking in all easy and quick.We paid for B&amp;B but got an automatic upgrade to half board.Choice of 2 places to eat rotisserie one of them which we stuck with.Deluxe suite excellent with all the furnishings you would expect from 5 star.Balcony so hot we were not able to tough the cast iron railings! Food excellent at all meal times including the Eau zone .So much food on buffet I think it spoils you so a few days here might be a little boring.It would be better to choose your own theme for food and vary it for each mealtime that way it would not be so overfacing.Water brought to you each night but we had to remove some drinks from the minibar to get it in.Bed extremely comfortable and brilliant shower.Could not find fault with the hotelTook a taxi from the concierge which was a private hire and a bit of a rip off so stick to taxis only.	
Aug 8 2008 	Hot Hot Hot!!	48 Degrees!(120 F) Enough said! Firstly just don't go there july and august when it is so hot and humid (not sunbathing weather without losing a stone in weight in half and hour!) We had 3 nights at the end of a weeks holiday in the Maldives. Absolutely gorgeous hotel at the Residence and Spa. Had a Prestige room. Extremely spacious and immaculate. Massive bathrooms and lots of Molton Brown bath goodies. View of gardens on the ground floor and lots of tropical little birds everywhere which was nice. 1 minute walk to the lovely pool which was a must every 10 mins or so whilst sitting around the pool for 2hrs each afternoon! Service as expected-7star!!! Food in the Dining Room was out of this world. Lovely portions so could easily have 3 courses without feeling like keeling over! Service in there was excellent. Gorgeous room with very high ceilings. Breakfast was taken in here every morning too and the scrambled eggs and smoked salmon was absolutely perfect. The manager of the Residence &amp; spa even came over to apologise he was away the previous 2 days and was the most polite frenchman i have ever had the pleasure in meeting. The only mistake was going to the gold/spice souk at midday, nearly passed out getting out of the airconditioned taxi!! Couldnt breathe. Being in the gardens was lovely as didnt have a view of 'The Palm' and all the construction on this man made island. It doesnt look very impressive at the moment. No one was on the beach maybe due to heat but due to view aswell. Around the pool and gardens you can hardly hear any construction going on. Dont get me started with that! There is just so much of that in Dubai its ridiculous. I dont think it will ever stop. My overall impression of 3 nights in Dubai that i was so excited about originally was 4/10. Gutted with most of it but can also see all the positives, be it in the future. I heard that 1/3rd of all cranes around the world are in Dubai so yes you can almost see that sadly! The hotel had no faults whatsoever so i give the hotel 10/10!. It was much smaller than The palace and the Arabian Court and felt much more intimate. We did eat at Tagine (moroccan) restaurant at The Palace on the last night and have to say we enjoyed that immensly. The wine selection at The Dining Room and Tagine was incredible if you are into some classics and a good vintage.Shopping at the Emirates Mall was great and to watch the skiing at the indoor skislope was a laugh. You needed to stay inside a mall pretty much all afternoon with the heat etc but it was immaculate. Wish the malls in london were like that!! Lastly wish we were there October time when i hear they have blue skies and sunshine and not dust, humidity and constant heat and haze. So hope to persuade the other half to go back sometime but he just didnt take to Dubai whatsoever.	
Jul 28 2008 	Nice hotel - but with some drawbacks	I spent there a week last year with my best friend. Having lived in Dubai for a while i had always been impressed by the grandiose of this hotel so i wanted to try it.The decoration and the setting arereally good (although a bit too much on the gold &amp; animals &amp; paintings &amp; high ceilings side) but the room was disapointing, we were at ground floor with access to the garden (very quiet, the other side of the pool) which was nice, but the flooring (big ugly tiles) and the old TV set looked really odd for a 5*, was more 4* than 5*, no specific effort on design. Bathroom was nice though.The hotel itself is great: amazing swimming pool, fantastic services (wet towels, drinks etc...) really cool staff. The food is really good and there are enough restaurants to keep you busy during the stay. The one on the beach (in the big cabana/hut) was quite good.The unexpected bad surpise was the beach: actually you have a view on the Palm construction site! All day &amp; all night hords of workers and trucks work in front of you, it's noisy, dirty and really disturbing. Especially at night with all the lights and the noise. We went once to the beach and then stayed by the pool. Spa is great.Overall a very very nice experience but the beach is useless...(i guess they have absolutely no control over it) and the room could benefit from a small refurbishment.	
Jul 25 2008 	Probably the best Hotel in Dubaï	A wonderfull seven days stay.Fantastic settings and refined decorum.Fantastic staff and service.Outstanding food &amp; beverage outlets to suit everybodies' choice.	
Jul 21 2008 	another great stay	Stayed for 8 nights in July having stayed the previous year. All in all it was just as good as the first time, beautiful room excellent service. It's a much more intimate hotel than others in Dubai. I do think out of all the hotels in Dubai this is the best outside the Burj Al Arab ( READ SEPARATE REVIEW ). I look forward to returning again next year God willing.	
Jul 14 2008 	Best hotel in Dubai	We have just come back from our Honeymoon at the Residence and Spa - well what a fantastic resort. We have been to Dubai a few times and I have to say this is the best hotel I have ever stayed. The staff are all really friendly and nothing is to much. It is a very personal resort and I would recomned this to anyone who is unwanting to completly unwind. Ideal for romantic holidays and honeymoon.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good but not great	Having stayed at numerous Dubai hotels (Royal Meridien, Grand Hyatt, JumBeach &amp; Hilton) we decided to try the AC as we had previously enjoyed our visit to the Palace of the Royal Mirage back in 2000. Got the overnight Emirates flight from Heathrow &amp; subsequently arrived at the hotel at approx 0800. Room was ready on arrival &amp; we were offered breakfast free of charge which I know happens on many occasions but it's still a bonus.The hotel is spacious &amp; well decorated &amp; well maintained.Food on the HB option is very good in the Rottiserrie restaurant &amp; the other restaurants. We had no complaints regarding Breakfast, lunch or dinner. I thought that the prices charged fopr lunch were very good for a 5* hotel but a good exhange rate of 7.25 dirhams to £ helps.Rooms are very spacious &amp; in good condition. Large LCD TV's, large beds, plenty of storage space, writing desk etc. Fresh water &amp; fruit every day.Bathrooms also good, walk in rain shower, Penhaligon toiletries, plenty of towels although only 1 basin.Gardens are very nice and very well kept.Beach is about 1km and never too busy as it's private. Your view from the beach is basically the construction site called Palm Island but we expected this anyway.Pool area is well thought out with plenty of loungers &amp; efficient pool attendants (iced water supplied all day &amp; fruit in the afternoon) NegativesRoom not made up until gone 1500 hours on 3 occasions &amp; had to complain as not made up by 1700 hour on 1 occasion. Turndown service erratic from day to daySomeone spilt water on &amp; in our suitcase (cleaners?), complained to Guest relations who offered to clean clothes free of charge and dry suitcase. Had to ring twice more to get suitcase dried out. Clothes were laundered but they attempted to charge on check out which I refused to pay.Caught the free shuttle bus once to the Gold Souk but the bus driver used his mobile whilst driving on 4 occasions &amp; spent at least 30 mins on it. I complained to Guest relations who promised to revert but I had to ask at least 3 times before this was dealt with. response - it's a sub contracted company.Overall a great holiday and a good hotel	
Jul 7 2008 	Relaxing and intimate	Have just returned from a weeks stay at the Arabian Court. Having stayed in three other hotels in Dubai before, we knew what to expect with the amount of construction in the area. However, the noise of The Palm building work could be heard from the poolside and was a little annoying at times. The hotel is smaller than any other we have stayed in a before and took a little getting use to. After a couple of days we really started to appreciate the intimate atmosphere. There are lots of places to curl up, relax and have drink. The adult only area was very private and quieter than poolside. The service by the pool was adequate but not as good as in previous 5* hotels. The room was an excellent size, the bathroom wonderful. And had everything you needed for a relaxing holiday.The beach was beautiful and a real asset to the hotel.As seems the norm in Dubai, the staff were very helpful and always polite. The half board was a good addition to our stay. Being able to have a credit at any restaurant in Araban Court or The Palace was very useful. The service in the restuarants was exceptional apart from one evening in Nina's when they had a large party in.Overall we enjoyed our stay because of the size of the hotel and relaxing atmosphere. It isn't our favorite but probabley comes a close 2nd.	
Jun 30 2008 	Truly exceptional	After much deliberation (too much choice in Dubai), I decided to book a room here for a romantic long weekend with my fiance- what a good decision! We booked through Leading Hotels of the World, just US$295 a night.We arrived in Dubai at 6.30am, and were quickly whisked away in our prebooked hotel transfer car, a 7 series BMW, with mineral water and an informative driver who pointed out the sights. The whole city is a building site, then we turned into the sanctuary of the Residence, where you are surrounded by lush greenery and birdsong. Seated in reception by 7.30 am, with a cool towel and a glass of sparkling grape juice, we were told our room was ready (check-in isn't until 2pm officially) and we were upgraded to a suite!It was fabulous, very spacious, sitting and dining area with french doors out onto our terrace and a view towards the pool, and a huge bedroom and bathroom. 2 flat screen TV's, fresh flowers and fruit, and Moulton Brown toiletries. Wow! Every time we left the room, housekeeping replaced our towels and toiletries, and we got fresh sheets daily too.The complimentary breakfast was delicious, fresh fruits and juices, bread and pastries, cereals, meats and cheeses and a variety of cooked items, including pork. We also received complimentary afternoon tea, sandwiches, cakes and sweets, all beautifully presented. With all that food, we weren't really hungry in the evening, but we did make it Tagine one night, which was lovely. Otherwise, we tended to head over to the Rooftop bar, for cocktails and mezze. Drinks weren't expensive at all, same as here in the UK, and between 5 and 7 they have happy hour which is half price.The pool area and beach are beautiful, and having a suite meant we were allowed to use the 'reserved' loungers under the pavillions by the pool and beach, a little more private and shaded, as it was 44 degrees while we were there. We were provided with copious amounts of cool water, fresh fruit and cold towels, but the beach was definately the better choice, as the breeze kept you a little cooler, and I found it easier to walk into the warmish sea than the 'refreshing' pool. The whole area is quite private as the Residence hotel and pool are for Residence guests only, there is no access for Palace or Arabian Court guests.Turndown at night saw roses and treats left by the bed, sweets and small cakes, as well as a proverb which could double as a bookmark.The staff are absolutely lovely, friendly and nothing to too much trouble. On our final day, we asked for 5.30 wake-up call, and it's the first time my wake-up call has ever been accompanied by a tray of tea and basket of pastries.We can't fault the Residence, it was wonderful and we can't recommend it highly enough.	
Jun 26 2008	Royal Miirage	This was the second time staying at the One and Onely. The first time we went we stayed at the Palace in a Gold Club Suite which was Very good being in the gold club you get all the ammenities such as concierge on the same floor as you a sort of little restaurant that always has arabic food. And beverages. The room was very good very big. Walk into the lounge are and dining area and there a big double door through into the bedroom with a 4 poster bed. another t.v and dvd player. 2 bathrooms one with a toilet and sink and the other with a hugh bath big marble bathroom, also a walk in shower . walk in wardrobe. all our clothes were unpacked for us. big balcony. Room service second to none. The arabian court the following year was even better which we thought would be hard to beat. We stayed in a Falcon suite, which is alot bigger and better, again huge lounge, desk area huge seperate bedroom and massive master bathroom. Balonie with a sofa very big 1 of 2. staying in this you get your own cabbana by the pool. Restaurants all are great in all three hotels in the resort. Nina which is the Indian and Ozone which is tekin yaki and modern is also very good all al acarte and service is great. Pools are very big with palm trees in the middle and the beach is like in the Maldives. 10/10	
Jun 22 2008 	Better than we remembered	This is the second time we have stayed at the One &amp; Only and this time was just as good as the last. On arrival we got upgraged to a suite which was a fabulous surprise.I would recomend spending your days at the beach rather than round the pool. The beach is much quieter and the beds are spaced out so you do not feel you are on top of the people next you. This hotel still has the nice little touches of staff coming round the beach to fill up your water glassed, offer fresh fruit and 'clean your sunglasses'.The food was great completely faultless. I would recommend this hotel for a splash of luxury.	
Jun 4 2008 	Best Holiday Ever	We booked a family holiday to Dubai, not knowing what to expect on arrival The One and Only Royal Mirage was stunning....The rooms were ready for us on arrival ie 8.30am with 3 tired children this was a blessing...The Staff were so helpful and polite yet not in your face...The pool staff were second to non excellent with the children..The food was excellent and resonably price... Cold water was available through out the day, fresh fruit and cold face flannels available all day at no chargeIF YOU HAVE EVER CONSIDERED TAKING THE FAMILY TO DUBAI THEN BOOK THIS HOTEL YOU WON'T REGRET IT !!!!!!!	
May 30 2008 	Great hotel but stayed too long in Dubai	My husband and I booked to stay here after wanting to go to Dubai for the last few years. We chose this hotel as my sister had stayed here and raved about how wonderful it was.She was right it is a beautiful hotel with a lovely tranquil feel about it when your inside the hotel. Nothing is too much trouble and the staff will bend over backwards in order to try and help you with any requests or problems you may have. There were far more children thatn I had anticipated though! Out of the 3 I preferred ours, the Palace had a bit too much of a hotel feel about it, the Residence I felt a bit too young for, so the Arabian Court was just right, persoanl but not overly familiar and attentive but not pestering. A visit to the Spa is a must and have a Hammam they're to die for and so relaxing, worth every penny.The restaurants are great and the food and choice some of the best I've tasted in any 5* resort. We stayed half board and even if you ordered off the Table d'Hote menu (which is included in the H/B option) you could still eat very nicely with the allowance they gave you against the a la carte menu either for free still or for a small sum.Drinks were I'd say about the same price as at home, however, I agree wine was expensive, but there again Dubai is not the place to go to penny pinch. If you go to the Roof Top Terrace bar between 5 - 7pm drinks are half price and they allow you to take your wine to the restaurant you're dining in if you're dining in the Arabian Court.We stayed in a suite for our second week and a deluxe room in the first week and at no time in the first week were we made to feel like second class citizens. There are 8 reserved cabannas on the beach for the people in suites (there are 8 suites) and loads of huge beach umbrellas with very comfy padded beds everywhere else. The same applied around the pool. The hotel was full when we stayed and we never once struggled to find a lounger and neither did we encounter any reserved areas in the hotel apart from one night in the Roof Top Terrace, but it was reserved for a party, fair enough there were other areas and seats.With regards to the building works yes there is tonnes of it going on but you know that before you go so if you're after picturesque go to the Maldives. I found it fascinating that they're literally building a new country before your eyes all at once and it doesn't impinge on your enjoyment in the hotel as it is well shielded.On the whole I loved the hotel but wasn't so keen on Dubai itself and I think this may be because we stayed far too long - 2 weeks. I would say it is expensive to eat and drink and the shops despite being tax free were sometimes more expensive than England. Definitely do the desert safari, the whole thing is great worth the £70 and the food in the bedouin is plentiful and very tasty. You also get the chance to meet lots of different people and hear all about their trips etc.Definitely worth a visit but as a short stay place either en route to somewhere else or as a 5 day stay max.	
May 30 2008	Overrated	This is an ok hotel. It feels like a big hotel as all three hotels are run together. The restaurants are ok but pretty boring as they all have 'interantional' food...which is pretty much all frozen and tastes of very little even if it looks good when it arrives at the table. The sea is also very disappointing with all that building in the sea bringing a lot of soil and dust in the shallow waters.	
May 23 2008 	One and only strikes back	My wife and I spent six days at the Arabian Court of Royal Mirage, our third time in a One and Only resort, after Mauritius and Maldives.I must confirm all the good things I wrote about the other resort: nice location, comfortable rooms, lovely pool (but maybe with too much screaming little children), very good selection of restaurants.The food is exellent in every restaurant we tasted, Eauzone, Celebrities but i think the best was Nina, a romantic place with warm light and deco, superb indian food.Nice nights at the Rooftop place, a place were to meet people or to stay hand in hand with your love watchig the stars..yes there is a lot of building work going on, but this didn't bother us particularly.Only one thing disappointed me..it is necessary in such a resort to give a card to the guests to have the beach towels?	
May 21 2008 	Nice but not restful	We stayed at the Arabian Court for 4 nights and everything about the hotel was up to expectations. The staff were courteous, helpful and efficient. Food (half board buffet basis) in the Rotisserie was varied and well prepared, the room clean and comfortable. In general, everything you would expect of a 5-star hotel. Previous reviewers have described it well. But, restful it was not. Firstly, we were surprised at the number of pre-school children that were at the hotel; not least for the fact that Dubai was registering 35 plus degrees during our stay. We do have to acknowledge, however, that the majority of the children were well controlled and knew how to behave in the dining room (well done, those parents). But. there's always going to be the ones who's parents think it infringes their human rights to stop them running up and down through the tables stamping their size five feet on the marble floor whilst the rest of us are trying to enjoy our meal. No we are not &quot;child Zealots&quot; - we have brought four into this world.Secondly, there didn't seem to be much choice of any bar or restaurant in the hotel where you could just go for a quiet glass of wine or a peaceful, undisturbed meal without music or tv. Even reception couldn't come up with any suggestions. On the subject of noise, Dubai is presently one huge building site with literally hundreds of building sites and tower cranes working through the day and night. But, we know that and in the Arabian Court it is not as intrusive as that which we've related to above. The grounds are well established and the work is successfully shielded in most parts.The beach at the back of the hotel is at the base of the Palm and consequently not the most picturesque of outlooks. To summerize, a clean comfortable and well run five star hotel, typical of Dubai. Probably good then for young families (but beware of the fiercely strong sun on young skin) and those not necessarily seeking peace and quiet.	
May 19 2008 	Nice Hotel but caters more for the suite residents	Booked early through Kuoni (who were fantastic) and got the half board offer which was really good. Found the best food in the Rotisserie. Hotel beautiful, service good, room lovely. Very hot - too hot for me, the sea was a warm 32 degrees in May so watch out any later than this. I love the sun and couldn't sit in it. Spent the week in the shade most of the time. Downside - everywhere you look there are RESERVED signs for the people staying in the Residence Spa which I would imagine are the expensive suites. One evening we were asked to move seats as they were reserved for people (in the rooftop bar) the people did not turn up for the hour that we were there and 5 other guests were also moved after us. The afternoon tea couches were also RESERVED and we were not allowed to use those either, we were only offered the normal chairs to sit in around the outside, needless to say we didn't bother. Reserved sun beds all around the pool for the elite guests. Not for me I'm afraid, we felt a bit like second class citizens. The One and Only are the elite guests without a doubt.Nice - but won't be going back.	
May 18 2008 	great time at the arabian court	normally stay at the madinet or jbh on plc basis however we booked this last minute and could not get in the our usual choice however agent assured us this would be good alternative.was offered the free half board which is excellent at the one and only resort. you can eat in the buffet ( at the arabian court and the palace) or the other rests with a 120 dirham credit per person. At these restaurants they also have a three cousre meal with a small selection on each course menu included in the free half board. This really is excellent as the restaurants are among the best in dubai, far better than the jbh and madinet.The hotel is beautiful and the pool area has activities for both kids and adults can be quite fun.rooms are lovely ground floor are great as you can easliy access your room from pool if you wantFor me this was equally as good as madinet but in a diffent way. more personal and friendly. The watesports staff were great , the kids club staff actually came and found my son on the first day by the pool and intrduced themselves!	
May 9 2008 	never dissapoints	This time we took our friends with us who i might add go all over the world and have very high standards.They were not dissapointed, in fact they have said they can't wait to go back next year.We arrived early and was offered a room on the second floor with a balcony. I however prefer to be on the ground floor so that i can walk out of the doors onto the grass and straight down to the beach. We were shown two rooms to choose from and both were fab. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff at the Residence.Our friends had told the manager that it was our 30th Anniversary while we were there, and without our knowledge, arranged for a table on the lawned area with wonderful table decoration, complimentry Champagne and a lovely cake. That afternoon when we arrived back in our room we were greeted by a beautiful bouquet of Roses, and a wrapped present which was a leather bound photo frame with a card signed by the manager and staff.Such attention to detail is the norm for this place. The manager Phillipe Dupont is just so charming and takes time to see you off when you leave.Seriously, I know its expensive, but worth every penny. Roll on next year.	
May 5 2008	Young Family at The Arabian Court	We stayed at The Arabian Court with a family of two young children, 3.5 yrs amd six months old and despite the amount of cranes hovering over the Dubai skyline we found the Arabian Court /Royal Mirage an outstanding hotel set up for our family, set within beautiful gardens with a low rise authentic arabian style architecture. All the facilites and services were definately of 5 star level, and of particular highlight was the friendliness and helpfulness of all the staff to both ourselves and our children. We particularily enjoyed the Roof Top bar which had great views and ambiance and felt like we were definately in the middle east! We would definately go back as we all felt we had a good break.	
May 5 2008 	Best hotel ever	We have just arrived back from a 3 night stay at the Arabian Court and it is definately the best hotel we have ever stayed in, including several 5* hotels in Europe and the Caribbean.We were blown away by the beauty of the Hotel and all the small details at every turn.The staff were so friendly. smiley and helpful, any minor issues would be dealt with immediately.We felt a bit guilty being so spoilt by the staff around the pool area, nothing is too much trouble. If you get the chance to escape the children sunbathe in the adults only grass area - amazingly peaceful.The restaurants were also amazing, the Eau Zone in particular, sit outside by the pool. Also Ninas- quite spicey but good food.The beach bar and grill at the Palace, also beautiful - overlooking the beach.You must have a cocktail in the Rooftop bar also.Wine is horrendously expensive so we stuck with cocktails instead.We stayed on the 3rd floor and it was so peaceful - never heard any construction noise at all and you can;t see it either until you get onto the beach, I was quite surprised by how close it was, but again it does not spoil your holiday.You must do a dune-bashing trip too, great fun but you have to be quite brave!All in all a fab trip and we will most definately recommend this hotel - the Residence looked lovely too but very grand, perhaps a bit too posh?! Depends what you like.You really will not be disappointed with anything at this hotel!	
Apr 3 2008 	A top notch Hotel with a few minor weaknesses	there are numerous comments about this hotel on the web. We - family of four - stayed there recently and a very short summary is as follows:1.) Very high quality standard Hotel, nice rooms with a bit of arabic feeling, nice location as such.2.) Very good selection of restuarants - i recommend the Indian Restaurant and the Rooftop place, just for the view and ambiente3.) Lots of employees - we were looking for a chess partner for my son - ther was an Indian chap right there who played very well.Her are a few shortcomings- Noise on th beach stemming from the Palm; i could hear it also in the room, but if you keep doors shut, its gone. THIS WILL BE THERE FOR ANOTHER YEAR OR SO. - Overpricing - if you know that the average employee earns in a month as much as you spent on a room only a day, you can see why Dubai is a place to get rich (but for a limited few) - I suggest you have to disucss this with yourself, and this argument apllies pretty much to all places in the emerging markets...- Size of the property - This leads to all kind of funnny stuff, like the chap at the reception trying to sell you a heli flifght with a company where he gets a bacschisch back, etc, etc - this is annoying.- lack of environment - to leave the property, you need a taxi, noone walks around there; this is different at Madinat Jumeirah.	
Mar 25 2008 	Possibly the best place i have ever been	My wife and I went here for our honeymoon in October 2007. I can safely say that out of all the hotels that we have stayed in throughout the world this takes 1st place amongst all of them.They have just got everything 100% right from the staff that work there, to the facilities available, the sheer fact that if i was to sit here and write about everything i thought was good about the place i would be here for ages. I think its best to bullet point our experiencePositives1) Staff training is obviously a priority here as the professionalism / service and decidation to their jobs in every single department is fantastic.2) The style and interior of the whole hotel and rooms just ooze quality.3) Food in every single place we eat was amazing - particularly Nina which had it all.4) The beach and beach side service was second to none. 5) You can move freely throughout the whole complexes three hotels and try out all the restaurants in each one. We were there for ten days and tried them all, each fantastic.6) The breakfast needs to be seen to be believedI could go on for ages, i know it might sound too good to be true but my wife and i are not the most difficult people in the world to please and are by no stretch of the imagination divas in any requests we made while we were there but anything we wanted we asked and it was there literally within minutes!Negatives1) There is quite a lot of building work going on which is visible from the beach, as a result construction noise is quite loud, however im not sure where in Dubai you could escape construction as there seems to be more cranes than people!2) As it is an expensive place to stay you get the inevitable Rich People Syndrome as the wife and i like to call it. People that obviously due to their pots of cash have been accustomed to a certain level of hotel and as a result speak to everyone like crap to get what they want. Maybe you never escape characters like this wherever in the world you are, who knows?3) The cost of Alcohol is major, being a Muslim state its heavily taxed and as a result reflects in £6 a bottle of beer, cheapest bottle of nice white wine £40, but then we were on honeymoon so werent watching the pennies that much.So there you go, if i could own a hotel anywhere in the world it would be this one, in fact if the owner is reading this then i congratulate them on the way they have gone about the hotel, it really was the best honeymoon we both could have ever asked for.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great getaway with kids	Having stayed at the Arabian Court at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage in Dubai last Febuary (on an indulgent week away from the kids - it was valentines!), we decided to return this February with them... Now Silverjet fly from Luton it was an amazing journey which took the stress out of travelling with children. The hotel has beautiful grounds with great swimming pools and is located right on the beach. It is child friendly and set up perfectly with inter-connecting rooms which lead out onto the grass area only a short stroll to the pool (pre-book these rooms as it is so easy to go back and forth with the kids). There is a kids club with daily activities and the hotel lend you buckets and spades on the beach.February is a wonderful month for the weather and although there is a lot of building works in this area, because the hotel is so expansive it is like being in your own oasis. Oh food, yes the restaurants are amazing and because we didn't want to leave our baby and daughter for too long with a baby-sitter (easily arranged through the hotel) we stuck to the hotels own restaurants. There is an amazing choice and would definitely recommend the Moroccan &amp; Indian restaurants for both food and decor...and the roof terrace for drinks is amazing.The staff are friendly and helpful and the cleanliness of the hotel is faultless.This hotel ticks all boxes.	
Feb 22 2008 	an oasis of calm	beautiful hotel where everything is calm luxe and servicethe personel is perfect never doing to much or too less always good tempohere you feel at homethe deco is elegant and cosy in arabic style the location in front of palm island is no problem with the construction going on you heard a little the noise more on the beach but it is not disturbingthe suite (n 26) we have was spacious give on the garden with a nice terrasse short walk from the restaurant and the pool and the receptionpart B and C are the closest from the reception we where in the B the C has more sun tthe hotel has is own pool restaurant and a part on the beach reserved for the hotel guests onlythe hotel is and oasis of peace and caim perfect place to rest in the middle of crazy dubai i will not advise it for family young peoplethe hamman is great most of the team is marocain and tunisien also very efficient and nicethe hotel is very special for dubai where all hotels are biggers with more action more attraction almost like a little citywe loved every day of your stay have no negative comment and already plan to go backa lot of good resto in dubai also in the other hotel of the royal miragetagine is very goodoutside try pierchic and indigo renting a car with driver is the best solution when you go out for shopping visit or diner and they wait for you	
Feb 18 2008 	Superb	This is a fantastic resort, with an excellent level of customer service. We could not fault anything during our six day stay, only the weather! It is classy and elegant without being ostentatious. All the staff are very attentive and helpful, from the bellboy to the lifeguards on the beach. Nothing is too much trouble for anyone. And everything is beautifully cared for.The rooms are discretely Arabic themed, spotlessly clean, and serviced twice daily with a turn-down service. The lovely Penhaligon toiletries add a touch of style, and the Arabic slippers a touch of fun.The restaurants are first class. We ate at Eau Zone, Tagine, Nina's and the Beach and Bar Grill and each one was fantastic in its own right. And the Samovar Lounge serves a lovely cream tea.The hotel is set on the beach and all rooms have a sea view. The gardens are lovely and peacocks roam around them.A few bits and pieces you might find useful:1. The hotel runs a complimentary shuttle to the gold souk, Madinat souk and Mall of the Emirates several times a day.2. Those on half board get an excellent choice of table d'hote meals in the restaurants, or a 120 dirhams credit for a la carte meals. We found the table d'hote more than adequate.3. A mini bus runs very frequently throughout the evening to the other hotels in the One &amp; Only complex so there's no problem eating at the Palace if you're staying at the Arabian Court.4. There is a business centre where you can get a few minutes' free access to the internet, which is definitely long enough to check in for your homeward flight. Also houses newspapers, magazines and books.5. The construction is on a scale like you've never seen before, but is not intrusive.	
Feb 16 2008 	Luxurious and comfortable	We struggled to get hotels for Feb half term and Emirates Tours recommended this place. It exceeded our expectations. The Residences are quiet, spacious and exclusive. Comfortable beds and nice bathrooms in the suites. You can wander over to the larger hotels on either side of the complex which have impressive foyers etc, but you can then return to your own oasis, away from the crowds. The service was faultless and we were treated to all sorts of lovely surprises. The spa is wonderful. The dining is superb and everything is immaculate. I am very fussy but even I couldn't find anything to criticise. A great place to relax and be pampered. I would like to return in future.Even the building work (on the Palm) close by did not mar our stay. There is low level background noise but I didn't notice it around the pool and gardens - it is however rather more obvious on the beach. If you have young children, you will probably end up using the pool at the adjoining Arabian Court complex ( a short walk away) as the pool at the Residences has a more of an adult only atmosphere. Even though it was half term, I think we were the only guests with children at the Residences, but we were made to feel welcome all the same.	
Feb 5 2008	not to be missed	This hotel in dubai was a gem ,we stayed there for 5 days ,the staff were so friendly,and the service was second to none ,we have travelled all over the world ,and yet this hotel really showed class ,but not in the senceof over the top swank ,just good everything was done at the click of a finger ,a service i have not seen before ,76a street , thats ARABIAN COURT HOTEL &amp;SPA.opposite the museum in dubais town centre,i would go back anytimeeverythings at hand ,as well as being 5 min.away from the creek which by night is also a site not to be missed.downside well the killkenny bitter in the sherlock homes pub aint cheap,but hey we wernt there for booze cheers.	
Jan 22 2008 	The best hotel ever	My stay at the arabian court was the best hotel experience I've ever had. the staff were wonderful and so helpful. The location is perfect and even though it's sited quite close to the palms which was still undergoing construction, it didn't really bother me. The rooms and other areas are kept exceptionally well and very clean. I couldn't make any negative comment about the hotel. it really was the best place I ever stayed.	
Jan 17 2008	Fantastic hotel - first class service but hard beds!	We stayed 8 nights at The One and Only Royal Mirage is Dubai as a special treat, and it was real luxury. The room was a good size, and the bed was huge although the mattress and pillows were really hard and we did not sleep well the whole time. We asked if it could be changed, but they did not have a choice, they were all the same, which I found disappointing given the level of service and attention to details everywhere else in the Hotel. The service was second to none, there was even someone to call the lift for you, someone who brought cold flannels to cool you and someone to clean your sunglasses - astonishing. It was a little too crowded around the swimming pool area, you couldn't really have any privacy - the beach was just a few steps away and was deserted, but characterless, lovely sand, but no lovely views nor blue sea, it was a bit boring. The various Restaurants within the hotel were all first class, all with a very different atmosphere, but still the same level of service - all the staff wanted to do everything and anything to please you. We wouldn't go back again as it is not really value for money and we thought Dubai was over-rated, especially the shopping, it wasn't for us but if you get the chance to stay at this Hotel, you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 1 2008 	5 star Arabian nights - very good value for $$	Just spent three nights here after 3 in Muscat and 3 in 'Old Dubai' ( all fantastic experiences).The design and fitout of this Hotel is quiet beautiful and tremendous attention to detail throughout. Our room was spacious and luxurious - albiet a long walk - and all amenities were first class.Highlights - The Rooftop Bar and The Beach Bar and Grill at 'The Palace' ( adjacent).Lowlights - inconsistent advice from staff (but this seems to be a common problemt throughout Dubai as mostly Southern Asian ex-pat staff seem to be thrown in the deep end with little knowledge of local attractions and events. They are warm and friendly at least !)Compared to some of the rates at nearby Hotels we felt the O&amp;O was very good value.	
Dec 28 2007	Lovely Arabian Dream	The decor of this place is amazing! Have to see to believe... at the same time ornate and intricate yet not kitschy or gaudy like so many hotels in Dubai tend to be. Our room opened out into the garden and a few steps to the huge swimming pool. We spent over an hour just wondering the grounds taking pictures like some boonies. The location was good as well on Jumeirah Beach, but 10-15 minutes away from the Burj Al Arab (really gaudy when you go in to take a look). The hotel actually has access to the &quot;beach&quot; but the view is of construction sites (actually the whole of Dubai is one big construction site).	
Dec 1 2007 	What a special fiind	This was our first holiday with our 5 month old baby and what a special place. There are only 45 or so rooms, with half on the ground floors and the rooms lead out onto the gardens so are great for those with prams. The staff are first class; everything we wanted (and everything we didnt think about) was catered for by really nice people and this was one hotel where, having not tipped throughout the whole week, I left envelopes for all the staff who looked after us as a thankyou.	
Oct 30 2007 	Wonderful Honeymoon!	I've been to Dubai before so when researching where to stay, I really had my heart set on the Madinat but when I rang the agent he advised that the Mirage woud be more special and intimate for a Honeymoon. He was right although I was apprehensive! We stayed at the Court. The room (overlooking the garden) was not as big as I'd expected (think I got carried away) but proved to be more than big enough. Bathroom had lovely big shower. Usual facilties such as huge bed,safe,tv mini bar etc. Also noticed pc hook ups on the bureau.When we arrived there were fresh flowers in the room and bathroom, rose petals strategically placed and gifts to celebrate our honeymoon. We were offered 30% discount on spa treatments, free full breakfast in room on day of our choice, presented with his and hers Givenchy perfumes. Lovely thoughts!Service was oustanding throughout the resort. Staff were polite and courteous and nothing at all was too much trouble. It was my husband's birthday while we were there. We arrived from hard day sunbathing to find a beautifully iced cake, candles all the trimmings in our room - another lovely thought oh and more Givenchy purfume. Rooms were clean, towels changed twice a day and bottled water provided for bed time. Fresh fruit was also placed everyday.Eating - our favourites were Nina, the Eau Zone (court) and the beach front (palace). The piece de resistance was Celebrities which was just wonderful!All of the food was excellent a real delight. We weren't keen on the Tangine but that was more about our taste than the restaurant i think.We ate at the Park Hyatt one night and were so disappointed with food and service there that we hastily made an exit to return &quot;home&quot; it was far superior and more intimate.The beach was practically empty and the sea like a bath. The pools were used more but not busy. Great for families and sun worshippers. The pools designed with areas of shade for reading etc. We felt that the Palace was more family orientated, Court - couples and families with babies/toddlers; Residence for the older guest wanting a more solitary break. There was some famous european footballer there when we were there but that was lost on me! The garden's were a delight. Little pathways leading to descreet sitting areas. Birdsong and greenery always a hit with me. amazing how they manage to keep bowling green lawns in the desert. But then that's UAE for you - luxery and no expense spared!We used the gym and spa once -both were excellent. We went for the Royal Hammam which was nice but to be honest we wouldn't do that again would try something more relaxing and not shared with others.Regarding building work yes you can hear rumblings over at the palm but this was only at the beach and certainly didn't spoil our relaxation. If you go to Dubai you have to accept that.Oh! and the The Roof top bar is a must for cocktails. We were bowled over by the ambeince created in all of the restaurants and bars. Attention to detail was superb, the background music was very cleverly chosen to create the right moods. We didn't want to leave we really didn't and will definitely return one day when we have saved enough pennies!	
Oct 28 2007 	Try the Al Qsar	Stayed at the one and only for four nights after staying at the al qsar for six nights. Although this was a good 5* hotel it is not a patch on the al qsar. If you loved it here then you would love the al qsar even more. The al qsar's level of service and communication from the all the staff totally exceeds that of the mirage. Also the cleanliness of the hotel. The rooms are also more luxurious and more spacious with better bathrooms. At the al qsar you also have better food options with a wider range of quality restaurants, although the restaurants may be a little more expensive than the mirage the food quality makes up for it. My wife and i were on our honymoon and although we don't have children yet i noticed that both hotels had lots for children to do and on a saftey factor the pool at the al qsar had five lifeguards so they could see round all blind spots and the ones at the mirage only had one, and he was more intent on messing around with the children. Don't get me wrong the mirage is lovely hotel, but if putting two sets of tickets infront of me for both hotels i snap up the tickets to the al qsar in a flash. The mirage is obviously an older hotel and the scenery at the al qsar outclasses it.	
Oct 25 2007 	Very Disappointed - One and Only Arabian court	Very disappointed after having stayed in most of the top hotels in Dubai.Booked rooms adjacent as we had children - the voucher confirmed this - but they had no availability. They also said there would be no availibility. The manager eventually moved us the following day. But in the meantime the children had one bed and a sofa bed. Considering the deluxe hotel and the prices we paid this was not acceptable.The manager at no time accepted any responsbility for this. Nor would they refund the cost of the room for the evening. The following day we were moved. No apology from the manager, or anything - a letter or phone call to check everything was ok.In my opinion, having stayed in numerous luxury hotels this hotel is toally overrated. Service is average. Food very good. Pool and facilities average, hotel rooms average for a deluxe hotel. Management definitely need to be trained regarding customer service. Due to high occupancy rates in Dubai they probably don't have to try very hard to fill the rooms. However, in view of the way we were dealt with when we arrived and the total lack of responsiblity ( incidentially my 15 year old son thought that there was no responsbility taken by the manager) taken to resolve the situation that evening , or even to placate us I would never stay at a one and only again , nor recommend it to anyone who is truly used to luxury service	
Oct 21 2007	6 Nights at the Arabian Court- Stay here	Amazing hotel with excellent happy staff with a choice of quality restaurants so that you do not need to leave the complex.Standard very high througout the Hotel.An oasis of calm in a city dominated by construction.Stay here and you will not be disappointed. John and Dee Norfolk	
Oct 14 2007 	Third stay and just as good as ever	This is our third stay at the Royal Mirage. The first time we visited three years ago (Nov 2004) and I wrote a review then. Last time we did the cheaper 'Palace' option which was lovely but we missed the Residence so this time we melted the credit cards and treated ourselves. Yet again, we weren't disappointed. The fresh fruit was served around the pool every morning, sunglasses cleaned daily and fruit sorbet in silver dishes every afternoon. As usual we were waited on hand and foot around the pool with water glasses topped up every time the level dropped an inch!Sarqaf in Reception was amazing and managed to get us in at Vu in the Emirates Towers, Pierchic at Al Qasr, Verre (Gordon Ramsey's Restaurant) in Hilton Towers as well as Eau Zone, Nina's and Celebrities all at the Royal Mirage. We gave him a week to fill with approximate booking times and within a few hours he had managed to secure reservations at every restaurant we had chosen. Very impressive when on previous visits we had been unsuccessful in getting in Pierchic (maybe the fact it was Ramadan or just hotel influence?). Sarqaf was forever smiling, often visiting us around the pool to ensure all our needs were being met and was basically a star. All the staff were fanatastic but he stood out with his boundless enthusiasm for pleasing the guests.We explored Dubai on this visit and the staff were always able to give us advice on where to go also what the does and don't were regarding Ramadan.We will be going back a fourth time, hopefully next year. We got engaged on this visit so perhaps it will be a honeymoon visit next time.	
Oct 9 2007 	brilliant	Another fabulous place to stay - the welcome is excellent which sets the scene thereafter, everyone so so nice/friendly. Kingsley our housekeeping guy couldnt do enough for us, the lifeguards on the beach kept us refreshed with water, fresh fruit and cold towels. We also had complimentary evening meal, which was excellent, i wondered if that was a kind of bribe because of the building work which you can hear? Strangely its interesting to watch in the distance as its like some space city taking shape as you are right next to the entrance to Palm Island. We travelled on to Aby Dhabi, 1 hr drive away, and stayed at the intercontinental - 5 star but not in the same league. I can't decide whether i prefer here or the Al Qasr - both excellent but food better here.	
Sep 29 2007 	One 	We have just returned from a seven day holiday at this gorgeous hotel. Last time in Dubai we stayed at Le Royal Meridien (on business) and visited the Arabian Court to sample the Rooftop Terrace. We also visited the Burj Al Arab. We vowed that if we ever returned to Dubai we'd stay at the Arabian Court as the Burj is spectacularly fitted out but appears a &quot;cold&quot; place for a holiday!Our return trip to Dubai was enhanced by the experience of staying at the Arabian Court. There were minor irritations (like an arrogant English couple with their LOUD children) and the service-particularly in the Bars and some of the restaurants-was not always the fastest. However the hotel architecture is beautiful; the afternoon tea in the Samovar lounge is the best outside the Ritz in London, and the Hamman is gorgeous. The Rooftop Terrace is one of the most romantic places to round off a lovely day. Have a final drink or three under the stars, listening to some of the best lounge music around; nestling deep into the plentiful supply of cushions. We were there during Ramadan and couldn't have alcohol until after 7pm. No big deal: there was a plentiful supply of made to order fruit and vegetable juices-delicious. The Ramadan Cafe was a special sight-and a chance to try smoking a shisha. Overall-expensive holiday but worth every penny! We'll be back!!	
Sep 24 2007 	Fantastic 1st rate	It was our first visit to Dubai and we choose The One and Only as we wanted pure luxury, and I can say that we weren’t disappointed at all. The lovely thing about the hotel that it offers true luxury without being stuffy! The service was first rate, everyone really seemed to want to do anything to make your stay perfect – nothing was too much trouble.When we arrived at the hotel at 9am (from an overnight flight), check-in wasn’t until 2pm officially, but they had a room ready and showed us to our room immediately, they also had upgraded us from B&amp;B to half board which was fantastic! It allowed you to eat dinner in any of the hotel restaurants in the resort up to a certain limit and anything over was just charged to our room! It’s definitely the first time that we have gone home with money in our pocket.Although you can see the building work from your room balcony &amp; beach in the distance we didn’t hear it at all, and it certainly didn’t interfere with our holiday. The beach is huge and most of the time we were there, very few people used it, mind you this might be because the sea temperature felt like you were getting into a hot bath! The pool was lovely and clean and it was lovely being shown to your sunbed, your towel laid out for you and the free ice water was a lovely touch! We did visit a couple of the other hotels which are in the same price bracket, but they were much bigger and built up than this one. For us as a couple, it was lovely, relaxing and romantic and would definitely recommend it to other couples.	
Sep 21 2007 	Absolutely fabulous	We have just returned from our 2nd stay at the Royal Mirage. Ist time The Palace - 2nd time The Residence. Would we go back ??- well i'd go tomorrow!!!! Hubby says too expensive but as the saying goes you gets what you pay for!!! I'll keep working on him!! We had a fabulous time. We treated ourselves to a suite - good move!!! You get your own gazeebo at the pool. Brilliant!!!. Pool attendants are very good and helpful and could not do enough for you. Even had hotel i pods for few days. Overall the food was excellent. We did have one incident where my lamb chops were definitely ''off'' but I was offered an immediate replacement meal and we were not charged at all for the food. My favourite restaurant on both trips has to be Celebrities!!! Great atmosphere and food. We ate at most of the restaurants in all 3 properties and could not fault the food but did feel that buffet choices were a bit lacking in the quality department from last trip. . We did not have any problems (as per other reviews) with the shuttles bewteen Pal &amp; AC &amp; Res. All very prompt and excellent service. And we also walked to some restaurants as all 3 properties are interlinked and not far if you are up to it and know your way around!!!Yes the building work is bit ''noisy'' but we managed to get used to the rumble of rocks - it was quite soothing - sent us off to sleep in our gazeebo a few times!!Wish me luck in my return quest!!!!!	
Sep 17 2007 	Nice hotel but...........?	As you would expect with the One &amp; Only group of hotels this place is very impressive. The rooms, staff and facilities are all first class.My only concern is the amount of noise from the building of Palm Island next to The Arabian Court, and the noise from the building of the new hotel next to The Palace.I guess when you choose to holiday in Dubai then you should expect to be in one huge building site!! We were just passing through from the One &amp; Only Reethi Rah in the Maldives. I think the noise from the work would have driven us mad had we stayed longer than 5 nights.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Hotel	After many years I returned to Dubai - and did not recognise anything. They have built so much and are still building, wherever you look there are building sites...The Residence at the Royal Mirage is a great hotel: very friendly staff, very good food and very nice rooms - all is on very high 5-star standard. As it has only 50 rooms, it is very quiet and relaxing. The pool is very large and the area is very nice with a lot of shade (with temparatures of 40° you need shade!). Again good service, they bring regularly water, fresh fruit and sorbet to your chair.There are only 2 negative points to mention:1) Location: the Residence is surrounded by building sites (in front: Palm Island, behind Dubai Marina), when you are on the beach you look at the huge Palm - fascinating, but not the ideal place for a beach holiday. In addition, the ocean is more a lake as the Palm takes away all the waves, the water is like in a pond.2) The rest of the hotel (Palace and Arabian Court) are definitely 2 classes lower than the Residence, the food in these 2 hotels is really bad and also the service does not have a 5-star standard at all. Should you wish to stay in Dubai, I highly recommend to stay only at the Residence.Overall a very high class hotel, one of the best I have ever seen, but the location is not perfect for a romantic beach holiday.	
Aug 29 2007 	A One	Because I was able to book a reward flight, my husband and I could go to the Residence &amp; Spa for a second time within a month to celebrate our wedding anniversary and his coming 40th birthday.Arrived at 7am and were invited to have breakfast while a room was being prepared for us. After one hour we were given a Junior suite to stay in till our Prestige room was ready. Excellent service, thank you, as they had the right to let us wait till 2pm, check-in time. Prestige room was ready at 1.30pm, a lovely very spacious groundfloor room with garden view as plants are too high to see the sea.All the staf are friendly and are there to please you. The personal Butler service (thanks Chakru!) is handy but not a must for us. As usual we were very pleased with the first class service and received many extra's because it was a special celebration trip.Had dinner once at the the Rotiserie (at the Arabian Court) which was nice. Buffet style but with a wide variety and prepared while you watch. Other evenings (3 nights) we had dinner at The Dining Room. Chef Didier is fabulous. Wonderfully prepared and the taste is even better. You are able to &quot;challenge&quot; him, just let him know what you would like him to prepare for you and give them 48 hours (Dubai is like an island, all food is flown in from somewhere!). We will certainly challenge him the next time we visit. The Dining Room is a peaceful and nice place to have dinner. Afternoon tea is served in the Library and the pastry chef is a magician too. Try the scones, yummy!!Pool is relaxing and drinking water served all day. The cabana's on the beach have improved with the wooden boarding but I think this would be more fitting on a remote tropical Island (Mauritius or Maldives) as beach is so wide.The building noise was more disturbing than when we visited in July. To be honest, one day it was extremely noisy at the pool because of all the building activities behind /around the hotel. It also depends on the direction of the wind as we also had a day with quite a bit of noise from the Palm Jumeirah building works.But, if you are at the pool and relaxing, being pampered, you soon forget about it................................As the previous reviewer, I had a &quot;Royal Hammam&quot; treatment at the Hammam too and it was superb. Very relaxing and absolutely worth it.We met the manager, Mr Philippe Dupont, twice and he is genuinely interested in your feedbacfk etc about the hotel. And yes, he knows you by name and takes plenty of time to chat to you. Very nice personal touch and I think it is very important to be able to give feedback about the hotel.I don't know what else to say but this: if you are in Dubai, stay here. As said before, it is expensive but worth every dirham!!!	
Aug 27 2007 	Arabian Court all it's cracked up to be. But could be better!	We stayed here for 15 nights in July and the Hotel as you would imagine is an impressive place to be. Being part of the One and Only Royal Mirage Hotel complex, it did give you another two Hotels facilities and restaurants to make use of before requiring to set foot outside the main gate. Although the hotel staff were ever willing to make your stay as pleasurable as possible and the surroundings were sumptious. We came away with the feeling that it was not quite as good as it could be and I don't want to give the impression it was bad, just something was missing. The Breakfast service is faultless and of a very high standard, not to mention the variety on offer which catered for everyone, even had a Pork section ( Bacon). This restaurant turned into a grill / buffet / carvery at night usually with some live music thrown in for good measure, provided by 3 strolling players around the tables. The Matre'd at night is an extremely switched on guy and always demanding high standards from his waiting staff, which of course adds to the service you receive as a result.We also ate at Nena's ( Indo fusion) this is without doubt one of the best restaurants in Dubai. The Surroundings are extremely impressive and quite difficult to put into words. Don't go here thinking it's an Indian restaurant. It's a fusion of European / Indian / Thai , see what I mean about putting it into words. The presentation / staff / chefs appear to be hand picked and it shows. Food is out of this world although we gave the Frogs Legs a wide bearth :-)The location of Eau Zone at the Pool is spectacular, just a pity about the menu, I am not a fussy eater ,just nothing on the menu appealed to us ( Which is a first) and another thing about this place really surprised me was lunch times. There was no place at this hotel you could grab a lunch time snack.....you know the usual pool bar menu. Pizza , burger, chicken salad? ...No it was a Michelin 3 star creation or nothing. ( Not what I wanted for lunch whilst in a pair of swimming trunks and covered in suntan oil). So we made good use of the Golf buggy transport to the Palace's restaurants. The Beach bar here is fantastic and really good to have an open kitchen watching the Chefs making your order. Looking for a buffet? it has to be Olives for stone baked pizzas and pasta dishes cooked to order along with a carvery and cold cuts counter. First class!The rooms were spotless and comfortable with all the top end aromatic bathroom products in plentiful supply. Never stayed in a hotel which supplies more towels than you can possibly use in a day. We were on the 4th floor which gave us a fantastic view of the sea and the Palm development. Get a 3rd floor room and kiss goodbye to that view, although you can look down on the Peacocks that strut about all day long.The hotels one pool is large enough with sun loungers and umbrellas for every guest, the only down side of this is Kids constantly SCREAMMMIIIINGGGGG...ARGHHHHHHHHH!!!! I came here to relax, parents Keep them in check and have some respect for your fellow guests. So the Beach made a great place to be which was deserted and made the 46oC more bareable with the sea breeze.One nice touch with this hotel is the Managers cocktail evening where new guests meet the Management once a week. Here you get the canopes and drinks of your choice in return for your brain being picked. Great idea...this is where we learned perhaps for less kids The Residence and Spa is the place to stay here. Try that next time!The Roof Top Terrace is a fantastic spot, but during June - Aug is a no go zone as it's stiffling at night. Likewise the Courtyard area just becomes like an oven.Reading back through this review it appears to be very negative and I hope reading between the lines you will realise we had a fantastic time here and would not have stayed 15 nights if we hated it. This is without any shadow of doubt a Delux 5 star hotel. Which easily beats off all but one of the competition. To sum the Arabian Court up I would say it is the best place to sleep and stay, but the Palace is a bit more lively and a better choice of restaurants and ammenities. We have stayed in a few hotels in Dubai over the years and despite how good this hotel is, our favourite still has to be the Ritz Carlton.	
Aug 25 2007 	First class service	This is the first time I stay in an O&amp;O hotel, until now our favourite hotels are Four Seasons. So my expectations are high and I must say that I am not disappointed.We arrive at the resort in the early morning (around 7 am), after a night flight from Seychelles. After 10 minutes of check-in formalities, we are offered the choice either to take breakfast or to go immediately to our room which is already prepared and waiting for us. What a pleasure to see that the hotel has noticed our early arrival (I use the hotel transfer service) and organised things accordingly, without us having to ask. From this very moment and until our departure 3 days later, the service always stays at the top level, with attention to every detail. All the staff we meet, no exception, are friendly and helpful. I booked a Prestige room and get a very spacious and well furnished room on the ground floor, which is quite convenient as you can walk directly from the terrace to the nearby pool and beach. Dubai is very hot in summer (35 to 41°C during my stay) so I used to go to the pool in the morning, before taking breakfast. The water in the pool is cooled down and its temperature is controlled (it is lower than the temperature of the sea, and hence quite refreshing). Pool service is impeccable, you can even ask to have your gazebo booked in advance.The only restaurant of Residence &amp; Spa, named The Dining Room, serves excellent gourmet food and we love its felted / quiet ambiance compared to other restaurants in the resort (at the Palace and the Arabian Court).My wife has tried the Givenchy Spa but she is not impressed. Myself, I’m delighted with my experience at the Oriental Hammam, especially with the “Royal Hammam” treatment – a 80 minutes mix of bath, steam room, body scrub, body and facial wrap and massage.All in all, we are very happy with our stay in Dubai at the Residence &amp; Spa. Dubai is not properly a holiday destination, we find it more like a Singapore or Hong Kong of the Middle East. But it is a very convenient and pleasant stopover on the way back from places like Seychelles, Mauritius or Maldives. And the Residence &amp; Spa is one the rare (may be the only one ?) luxury boutique hotel in this city of all superlatives.	
Aug 24 2007 	fantastic stay	We stayed at the hotel in August. The weather was very hot but not unbearable as long as you kept dipping in and out of the pools ( temperature controlled cooled water). The sea was 29C and not very refreshing to bath in, although the beach was stunning. You can see the construction of the Palm and are aware of distant building noise but this does not affect you very much. Overall this hotel is one of the nicest hotels we have stayted in. The staff are very polite and helpful, the room was very spacious and comfortable with atmospheric Arabic styling. Excellent choice of resturants. The hotel is set in stunning grounds of approx 62 acres with lots of bird life and resident peacocks. Although the hotel was fully booked whilst we were there, nowhere was crowded at any time. Not a hotel for those who like raucous night life, but rather relaxing, chilled out environment. Things were available if you wanted them ( pool games, beach activities, mini golf ). There seemed to be an excellent childrens club although we did not experience this first hand. Drinks are on the expensive side, but on par with a five star hotel. You can buy wine etc in the duty free shop on arrival at Dubai airport. If you go to the Burj Al Arab for dinner or afternoon tea ( they will not permit you to walk near the hotel without a reservation) go via the Madinat Souk. This is a traditional Arab style shopping area purpose built with many resturants and two hotels set on a manmade water way system. They have small open boats to ferry hotel guests around the complex, but if you show them the Burj reservation they will take you to the nearest point and then via Golf buggy to the Burj at no charge. ( We only found this out by accident, no one had told us about it). It's definitely worth doing and adds to the pleasure of the experience. The Burj is OK but very over rated, we preferred our hotel. We would thoroughly recommend the Arabian court.	
Aug 20 2007	Lavish!!!	Stayed for a week in this hotel. Everything was PERFECT! Great restaurants, the Spa was fabulous! If you go to Dubai go to this hotel!	
Aug 14 2007 	Wow	Best holiday ever. The service was wonderful, very expensive but worth every penny. Rodney from Only Fools &amp; Horses &amp; Chris Moyles were staying at this resort during our stay. Roof Top Bar is the coolest bar!. A must in anyones lifetime.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great hotel	We have been lucky enough to stay at a lot of the &quot;One and Only&quot; hotels, and the Residence was no exception to the rule that they are all very spoiling. We wanted specifically to stay at the Royal Mirage in Dubai as it was part of the One and Only chain. However, before booking, I had not actually realised that the Royal Mirage consists of three hotels. By chance, and huge luck, we ended up at the Residence. Had we not, I would have been hugely disappointed. The Royal Mirage consists of the Arabian Court, which is a large, child friendly hotel, the Residence (a luxurious boutique hotel, close to the Spa) and the awful Palace, which is enormous and in dire need of updating. The Palace lets the whole complex down, and should not be under the &quot;One and Only&quot; umbrella. The great thing about the Residence is that you have access to the other hotels and their pools, but they can't use your pool, and so you don't have the chaos around the pool as you do at the Palace in people scrambling for the best spots. All in all it was a great stay, although the 24/7 construction going on at the Palm was rather offputting. There is not much to see in Dubai, and construction going on everywhere, although the sand duning worth experiencing!	
Jul 22 2007	Amazin' Arabian	I love this hotel..personally I think its the best accomodation in the United Arab of Emirates..Its quite romantic with its Moroccon architecture and desgin..Quite a calm atmosphere to it..Great lobby area. Great restaurants. Visiting &quot;The Rooftop&quot;, an Arabic style lounge in the hotel's roof, is a must! The room service is amazing and so is the staff. I won't mind to constantly book in to this hotel and especially the Arabian Court.	
Jul 22 2007 	wonderful hardware weak software	My wife booked us in for a couple of nights away from work and stress.There were foreboding signs as we checked in. We were kept waiting for a little while too long. Not a good sign.We were then taken to the room, we had booked non smoking, turned out to be smoking!We found a card welcoming us back and informing us we had a gift, no gift in sight, a cake was delivered later in the day.Housekeeping then advised us that our extra bed was on the way, we weren't planning on sharing so we told them not to deliver!The Beach restaurant is nicely positioned on the beach, and we had requested a table in doors. Our booking was outdoors, not a good idea in Dubai n July, so after adopting the seriously concerned look we were given a good table insided.The food was very poor, cold soup, a big plate of rice and mixed seafood. Will not visit again.We did go the spa which was very good, so good I fell asleep, always a good sign.On our second night our neighbours from hell showed up. They came back at 1.00 am and had a screaming child. Poor child should have been tucked up in bed, but not in this case. The noise went on longer than a Steven Segal epic, and louder. So we did our own bit of door slamming and checked out at 2.00 am.Luckily we live down the road.To summarise the hotel is wonderful, beautifully designed and a pleasure to visit. The architecture and theming is probably one of the best in the world.The management are not up to scratch. Clearly they need some adult supervision.The staff were polite and helpful.	
Jul 16 2007	Top Notch	Perfect. Great location...great service. We visited the other parts of the hotel (The Palace and the Residence) and this has sooo much character.	
Jul 15 2007 	Ultimate Luxury	First stay at Residence &amp; Spa and were suitably impressed. The Residence being the quieter of the 3 hotels in the Royal Mirage gives you seclusion, privacy and service expected from a top 5* hotel.The lobby and reception were warm &amp; courteous and when you reach your room then the wow factor hits you. Beautiful bed with mega pillows, fantastic amenities and an amazing bathroom. The large bath, even larger separate shower and twin washbasins combined with and endless flow of Molton Brown toiletries finish off the amazing room. We had the &quot;standard&quot; room but cannot see what more you could want.The pool is for Residence guests only and is extremely peaceful. When guests from the Palace or Arabian Court made it to the pool the attendants were quick to mention it was for Residence guests only and they were soon dispatched. The attendants bring round constant water and then there are fruit offerings as well as sunglass cleaning offers. The weather being 39-42 degs C meant the pool was a saviour. Service was there when you wanted it and responses were quick. A short walk to the beach was pleasant and the attendant on the beach was of the same standard.The meal plan we had was with complientary half board. The breakfast was plentiful and the service in the &quot;Dining Room&quot; was excellent. The only issue that we had was that the menu lacked a variety. The same &quot;cooked&quot; menu was on each day even though it was a daily menu. However, this was a minor point and would only cause an issue if staying more than say 7 days.The complimentary evening meal was from their Table d'hote menu in some restauarants or a meal credit of AED120 (approx. £18). As a guest of the Residence then you can eat at any of the restaurants at the Royal Mirage. This credit covered most main courses but if you wanted 2 or more courses then the cost was around AED50-90 (£7-£13) for a starter or dessert. All of the restaurants were excellent and our favourite was the Beach Bar and Grill - excellent Lobster! We were a little disappointed that the Celebrities restaurant was close for annual maintenance (always this time of year) as this looked like a fantastic one to visit. The shisha (hubbly bubbly) patio was a treat as ever!The cost of drinks though is an issue. I have spent much time in Middle East and realise there is a &quot;premium&quot; to pay but a bottle of water for AED30 (£4) and AED35 (£5) for a small beer and over AED240 (£30) for a bottle of wine does resemble &quot;extortion&quot;. It is the same in most top class hotels so if you haven't been to Middle East or a top 5* hotel then beware the surprise!Fully recommend the Royal Hammam treatment in the spa although do this at the start of your holiday and avoid if you have any sunburn!Overall the Residence is an amazing hotel and would 100% recommend to anyone.	
Jul 9 2007 	The Best !! Just Book It !!	This an all round super hotel, great for families with kids,and if your just looking for a romantic holiday,we have stayed at the burj al arab and jumeriah beach hotels and this is all round a better hotel,we travelled mid may for 1 week and the weather was superb, about 38 at its hottest. The restaurants within the hotel are of top quality,in particular Eau Zone, Celebrities and Ninas,(request a booking at the chefs table in Eau Zone, its a wounderfull meal but book before you travel as usually its fully booked well in advance,only 2 sittings each evening .The pool side area is well equipped with lots of sun beds and the pool staff are very helpfull,all you need to do is ask and its done, whatever it is you want .The pool its self is huge with a shallow seperate end for kids. the hotel was fully booked in may, and not once did it feel over crowded or too busy. there are pool games in the morning to burn off the calories from the night before and its good fun and well supervised. service by the pool is good, with a full range of drinks and snacks available. just to warn you, drinks are not cheap at £3 a beer and £4 a cocktail, reasonable. the beach is a mere 40 ft away from the pool area which was private for hotel guests only and again well serviced by hotel staff. water sports are also available beach side and can be charged to your room, so no need to carry cash whilst within the complex.(try the boat trip its about £50 for 1 hour and its worth it). fresh fruit is brought out to the pool and beach twice a day and drinking water is available all day free of charge, thats good considering water costs more than petrol in this part of the world. The roof top bar is a really nice place to finish your evenings and they also show all prem league games and other sports. The construction of the palm island does in NO WAY effect the hotel, its so far away you can hardly see it never mind hear it. This hotel is well placed if you want to go shopping to the malls which are only 10 mins by taxi. getting about within the complex is also made hassle free for its guests by the hotel, as they have a mini bus which goes round the complex 24 hrs a day. this is helpful as some of the restaurants you may choose could be in the palace hotel (15 min walk). the hotel rooms are very nice too, with all the usual amenities and more. fresh fruit and bottled water is again complementary. The staff here are well trained and very polite. kids club is run all day so you can send them off when it suits you and baby sitting in the evening is a very good service, costing about £3 an hour. usual breakfast run, full buffet WITH pork, bacon and sausages,and the chef will do your eggs to order just how you want them. Check in and check out were quick and hassle free. THIS HOTEL REALLY IS A GREAT PLACE TO RELAX AND SPOIL YOUR SELF !!!!!!! as i said before, we have stayed at the burj, and in comparison, i dont think that this hotel lacks in any way on the service or luxury feel. we will definately be returning here no doubt.	
Jul 8 2007 	Honeymooners a must. Superb all round.	After getting married in Ireland, we choose Dubai. We looked at many hotels including all the websites and choose this one as at looked impressive. After booking online with virgin holidays via website we looked at the trip adviser for this hotel and thought....Oh dear what have i done. very good reviews and some poor reviews.Well let me put the record strait right now-------I am a well travelled person staying at many fine hotels around the world including the middle east and i don't except second best or fancy hotels on the outside and grim on the inside. Well, where do i start. Flying time from London heathrow is about 7 hours. On arrival at Dubai the time of transfer of bags is swift and easy and getting out.First main point....go to the duty free shop on the way out as alcohol is not cheap in the hotels. Your allowed around 2-3 bottles each. Get fags too. Very cheap.Next was the transfer to the hotel in a luxury taxi. Which was greatand took about 30 mins.Then WOW....On arrival to this heaven i was most impressed.This is what i want. The best and we got it.We stated on booking that we were on honeymoon and we were treated excellent.The room was superb with good views and extremely well kept and the room service was truly too good. Fresh bowl of fruit and flowers everyday, change of room/ towels 2 times a day, massive shower and bath and toiletries supplied...not cheap ones either, a truly fine and well decked out room.The hotel itself is massive and has many fine features that are true to the website virtual tour.What makes this place special is the location and its very personnal here. All the staff are welcoming and the General manager has done an outstanding job here. We were personally greeted and given various tokens of being there.The resort is actually in 3 parts but i think we stayed at the best!We stayed half board and you can eat at any of the vast resturants that serve english / italian / asian / ararbic and its the best. The food is prepared and fresh as it gets with a massive choice of starters, main, and dessert. same for breakfast too!The choice of dessert is a crime. I counted around 29 one day. We are not talking jelly and ice cream here. We are talking prepared food done properly and i generally felt guilty cutting into them.The pool area is very well serviced and clean with full non stop service. The private beach is well serviced and clean with complimentary water and face towels etc.The evening at the Arabian court was excellent with a choice of various bars with different themes and was again outstanding at every level. My favourite was the roof top chill out bar. Shopping was excellent and i must recommend the mall of the emirates. Nothing compares to this....except the credit card bill.Great for everything. Some nice electrical shops on top floor, i bought 2 dvd hdmi players with hdmi leads for around £100 and yes they will work anywhere in the world as they are muti sytem.Another great shop in all the shopping malls is carrefour supermarket. Here you will get everything from fruit to phones and i bought a camera here. all fixed price so no bartering. Things are so much cheaper.More advise.......Don't pack too much going to Dubai including toiletries, clothes etc as you will be sorry. You will end up with things you never use.Going out in Dubai is excellent with so much choice of cuisines and shops / trips.The tours a must.You must note that Dubai is safe to be and they have laws that work. Dubai will only get better.Another main point.......... The building and massive construction. This didn't effect us in anyway. The one and only was quite away from it.We had a most memorable time in our stay and we are very appreciative of the quality here.One last point.......... It is hot here especially in July / august.Not a place for children or babies. No sandcastles here as the sand WILL burn feet..Think about it.And dress sensibly. Formal wear at dinner and no kids running around. This is a outstanding resort and i would recommend this to honeymooners and people who appreciate quality and refinement. Very well done to the management and great staff at the One and Only arabian court. We will return in a few years.Last point.......Massive duty free shopping in airport when you leave. even cheaper fags / clothes / everything.	
Jun 18 2007 	Really excellent hotel	We stayed here for one week at the end of May, the hotel was fully booked however it didnt feel like it. The hotel is split into 3 parts all of which are stunning, the pool areas are lovely, the beach is privately owned so well maintained, we had some excellent meals within the hotels own restuarants. The staff treated everyone like royalty, they honestly couldnt do enough for you. During the day they'd bring chilled fruit to your sunbed together with iced water and cool face flannels, in the evening they left us small gifts in our room when turning down our bed and sorting out our slippers (the hotel slippers, we're not a slipper wearing couple!!). I could go on and on but all you need to know is that this is a really good hotel, that I personally would recommend to anyone (with or without kids).Also just as an aside, we ate at the Burj and the meal there was just over £300 for the two of us and not a patch on ANY of the meals we had at The Royal Mirage.	
Jun 13 2007 	Arabian Oasis in the middle of the Building Site known as "Dubai"	My partner and I recently returned from a 3 night stay in the Arabian Court. The hotel is beautiful, very arabian and rooms and facilities are wonderful. I would definitely say that this hotel meets its 5 star rating! Rooms are big with beautiful furnishings. Archways lead into an amazing bathroom with mosaics on the walls, a large bath, a separate shower (complete with seating area) and separate toilet room. Lovely penhaligon toiletries supplied, along with nice robes and arabian slippers!!Breakfast was served in the Rotisserie. A buffet style breakfast with a huge variety of choice, from a cold selection, to 'made to order' eggs etc. Breakfast was a delight.We ate dinner at one of the hotel restaurants ... The Eau Zone. This was lovely. Right beside the pool, on decking pathways surrounded with water ... Beautiful. Very romantic!!! Food was delicious and was reasonably priced for the standard of food!!We also ordered room service for lunch one day. Instead of the usual tray being brought, it was a folding table on wheels which they setup with plates and cutlery, just as if you were in a restaurant ... Excellent touch!!! Again reasonably priced!!!We had drinks in the Rooftop Bar, which was lovely ... huge seating areas with massive comfy cushions. Very relaxing and a lovely view!!The pool area was great. You select the seats you want and the staff bring your towels and lay them out for you. Staff also come round with glasses of iced water ... A lifesaver when its 40degrees!!! Pool is large with a shallow end for kids and a deep end for adults. Pool is a little on the cold side, but I guess when its 40 degrees, you need it that cold!! Staff also came round and cleaned our sunglasses, another nice touch! Pool staff were very friendly and they also arrange different games and sports, if you'd rather be a little more energetic ... from water aerobics to water basketball ... needless to say, it was mostly the guys who joined in ... was fun to watch!!!The beach was beautiful, white powder sand, clear blue waters ... dont be afraid if you see a few little fish in there!!! The sea was wonderful ... was hot and felt as though you were getting into a nice warm bath!We did the Desert Jeep Safari and it was amazing! I'd definitely recommend it!! It's a site to behold, being in the middle of the desert, with nothing around for miles, and watching the sunset!!! The driving over the dunes is amazing and so much fun! You then stop at a camp for dinner and watch some belly dancing!! Was a trip well worth doing!Dubai overall, I didn't like!! There is construction going on everywhere and to be honest, not much to do after the few usual trips. You also cant just go out your hotel and go for a walk ... it has to be taxi's everywhere and most of the entertainment is surrounding the hotels!! Also at times, I did feel a little intimidated, especially at the airport. I spoke to a few other women who said the same. Supposedly it's worse if you're blonde, which I am!!! However, this was not within the hotel ... Here I felt safe and had a wonderful experience.If you're only going on holiday to stay pretty much in your hotel, and have guaranteed sun sea and sand, then this is the place for you ... if you want a little more, then I'd maybe look for an alternative destination!! Maybe using this as a stopover to another destination, as we did!!!However if visiting dubai, I'd definitely recommend this hotel ... It's an excellent hotel, with outstanding service and facilities. You aren't bothered with a lot of construction like other hotels. It's definitely worth every penny!!!!!!!!	
Jun 7 2007 	excellent	Stayed here for 2 nights on the way back from NZ. The staff were wonderful. Met at the door at 6.30 am and taken through to reception and the gong was banged as we went past. Our room was not ready but we were given a voucher to obtain our breakfast .All the staff were extremely polite and helpful throughout our stay. Room was good and bathroom excellent with seperate walk in shower and also seperate toilet.Only ate in the rotisserie which is buffet . It was fine with a good choice.Took the hotel shuttle into the shopping mall and intended getting it back to the hotel but it never turned up. In any event there is a plentiful supply of taxis and they are cheap.Went to the swimming pool and the beach.Each time we were taken to our choice of loungers by the staff who constantly topped up our water. Went to the rooftop bar one night for drinks. It was extremely hot as it was outside but the atmosphere and the view over Dubai made up for it.	
Jun 5 2007 	Not quite excellent	The One and Only Royal Mirage is in the best location for those looking for a perfect balance of a beach resort and city shopping. The beach is quite beautiful, for Dubai, but in May the water was already almost hot, not refreshing. The pool is the place to hang. You will have 3 pools to choose from and 3 places for the inclusive breakfast. The ambience has arabian charm unlike some of the other cosmopolitan hotels which make you feel like you are in New York. The service is inconsistent from great to awful, resulting in mediocre. The employee training is way behind the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton.	
Jun 1 2007	Excellent and personal service	6 nights at the Arabian court on our second visit to Dubai went without a hitch, and we thoroughyl enjoyed the Hotel.I was hesitatnt of the construction of the Palm next door, but as anyone who has been to Dubai will know, the whole place is a building site not just the area near the Royal Mirage.I strongly recommend this hotel and am now looking to re-book for a visit later in the year!	
May 29 2007	Wonderful stay	What can I say - pure Luxury! We stayed here for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon trip. From the moment we arrived we were pampered. The rooms are gorgeous and have everything you could possibly need. The food in the restaurant was gorgeous and the staff were friendly &amp; professional.The pool area was pure heaven and we were looked after by the pool staff all day.While the hotel is a little out of the city,there are complimentary buses to bring you to the main shopping areas and water parks.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone - couples families etc.	
May 26 2007 	3rd Time and as good as ever	This was our 3rd stay at the Arabian Court, in our opinion better than the Palace (which it is connected to) it is a little smaller and personal.We have been lucky to stay in some nice hotels around the world but feel this is the best we have ever stayed in and without doubt is the best in DubaiEverything from the moment you arrive through to your rooms, the service, the food, the bar, the pool is exceptional. It is 100% efficient and professional without being over the top and in your face.Also, whilst being close to the Palm, there isn’t lots of building work over the back of you as with so many of the other hotels, sure when you walk along the private beech you see some building work but from your hotel there isn’t anyone looking over the top at youPaid £3200 for 10 days which included certainly meal allowances, pure 100% luxuryOutstanding	
May 16 2007 	Outstanding as usual. Puzzled by the previous review	The Residence is part of the Royal Mirage complex so you get the benefit of a quiet exclusive location close to a host of bars and restaurants. There is a private large pool and massive beach area reserved for Residence guests. Makes you feel very special.Having read the previous reviewer we were at the same hotel at the same time but a much different experience.We also arrived very early at 06.30 (check in time normally 2pm). we were welcomed with a glass of chilled sparkling fruit juice, invited to breakfast and offered changing facilities. By about 9.00 we were in our room, an excellent spacious junior suite (nice upgrade - thanks).We also watched Liverpool win a place in the final and at the end walked the 150 to 200 yds back to our room. no need to wait for transport.We stayed on the complex for the short 4 day stay but in general the service was outstanding, one or two minor errors were quickly rectified. the staff really were happy to help.Our wedding anniversary was on 3rd and we were given Ginvenchy fragrences and a fabulous bunch of roses.This is our second visit to this hotel. We were there in 2004, and the fifth One and Only resort we have visited. We have really enjoyed them all.	
May 15 2007 	Best hotel that have ever stayed in !	This hotel is a class act, from the moment you sit in your private transfer from the airport to when you arrive in your room. The staff are all pleasant and helpful, and treat their guests like royalty. The food is excellent, and the Rotisserie restaurant is a must ! The rooms are large and well appointed, with all small details catered for and remembered. The hotel is close to the access road for one of the Palm developments, however, this did not disturb our holiday, and the 'noise' was minimal. From our room we had a view of the gardens, which are immaculate, and the Burj Al Arab was in the distance. You can see lots of construction sites and cranes, but if you are going to Dubai, this is only to be expected. I would recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Dubai.	
May 13 2007 	Taken a turn for the worse	We stayed here in January and had the best holiday ever - everything was near-perfect from the moment we arrived until the moment we left, and that's saying something given I am hyper-critical, particularly about expensive luxury hotels like this which I think are outrageously priced (however wife loves them). The stay in January was so good though that I thought it actually represented good value for money.We couldn't wait to return so booked again to return in May, and things couldn't be more different on this occasion - literally from the moment we arrived:-- in January when we arrived, we were whisked into reception, given the famous 'ringing of the gong' entry, seated at a sofa and presented with cold towels and fresh juice. The check in process was seamless and took only a few minutes. - This time, we got out of the taxi, bellboy took our bags, and we were left to wander into reception ourselves while several other staff looked on. Check in staff proceeded to start checking us in stood up at the counter, before the front desk manager returned, delivered a rebuke and took us to the sofas. The incompetent staff then took over again as he disappeared, and we were asked 3 times by 3 different people for passports and credit cards. We asked a couple of basic questions which the staff were unable to help us with, and they just ignore them and try to get rid of you.- In January, service by the pool was exceptional. By the second day, the staff knew where you liked to sit and would have reserved places for you by the time you arrived. Service for drinks/food was very attentive and there was always somebody in sight to give a wave to.- This time, service at the pool was very poor. On more than one occasion we got so tired of waiting that we got up and went to the bar ourselves - and this was after first going to the towel cabana to ask them to send some wait staff over. We also had an incident with a pool boy rudely telling us that we had to move seats which ended up in a virtual tug of war with him over our towels. We left and went for lunch and when we returned they had cleared all our stuff away and given our seats to somebody else. We asked to speak to the manager at which point the staff went and moved the guests who had been given our chairs, to the chairs next to them, and then expected us to go and sit down next to the other aggrieved guests! On more than one occasion I saw money changing hands between guests and the poolboys and suspect that they had a little sideline going on in reserving good seats for guests who were showing their appreciation. The assistant pool manager finally came to see us where we had decamped to the beach, and gave us a load of 'Sorry but there was some confusion', which infuriated us further.Service on the beach was worse than service at the pool. We asked the beach server for a drinks menu, he said he didn't have one with him. We asked him to bring us one, he said what do you want, we said we don't know that's why we want to see a menu. He just kept saying that he could make whatever we wanted, and we kept saying we just want to see a menu. In the end we gave up and went to the bar to get drinks ourselves.- Restaurant quality has also deteriorated markedly since January. Tangine was average, with very poor service from clearly inexperienced wait staff. Nina ditto, plus a corked bottle of ridiculously over-priced wine for good measure. Arabian Courtyard was just ridiculous - slow, unhelpful and rude staff, with very poor language skills that made it difficult, and then over-charged to boot. Beach Bar and Grill was the highlight in January, this time it was the low point - left without staying for dessert and manager comp'd us the meal because it was such a farce.- We filled in our feedback card 3 days prior to leaving, left it with reception and requested that they hand it directly to the hotel general manager with express instructions that he should phone us because we were deeply dissatisfied with our stay. On our day of departure, still no word from him so I called him and left a message. The head of quality called me and listened to my complaints, said sorry, and that she would ensure our feedback was acted upon so that other guests wouldn't have the same problems. She said they did have a lot of new staff as turnover was very high and this was probably the cause of many of our problems. When I said it was all very well fixing it for other guests but that wasn't a lot of good to me and what would they do about it for me by way of compensation, there was a long silence and she made no offer.- As we stood waiting for our taxi to the airport the general manager came out to meet us and apologise and assure us that he would investigate our complaints. With his fleet of BMW 7 series limo's for airport run's close by, he stood and watched us get into a taxi, didn't even offer a ride to the airport by way of appeasement. He promised he would get back to us - will post what he comes back with when I receive it.All in all, a real shame - this hotel has fantastic grounds, nice rooms, real ambience, and probably the best beach in Dubai for me. Last time round it was superb in every way - this time, the only thing that we saw which hadn't changed for the worse was the housekeeping which was still up to a very high standard indeed. I would also agree with a previous recent review that the hotel is trying to become more kid-friendly - they have a recently erected childs play area, and we saw the same problems with having kids in the restaurants where most other hotels in Dubai restrict children to the family-friendly buffet restaurants.The contrast on this trip was made all the starker because we stayed the first 4 nights of our holiday at the Grosvenor House because the Arabian Court was full. Separate review of the Grosvernor will be posted but in terms of quality of the service, general attentiveness of the staff, and particularly the quality of their restaurants it puts the One and Only in the shade - the only downside with it is the poor pool area and lack of beach, though it is 200m to the Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa where you can use all their facilities as well.Next time for us will be either Al Qasr at the Madinat, or back to the Grosvenor, but won't be back to the One and Only unless they decide to comp us given our experiences this time, but not holding my breath on that...	
May 3 2007 	Fantastic!	Returned 5 days ago. Supernice extra beautiful surrondings, garden, big fabulous room (expedia rate about 450usd) dbl deluxe room, everything. Very nice helpful staff and clean, clean fresh everywhere you look. if you go to Dubai, stay there! Also visited the Palace and Spa, just to have a look. Also very beautiful places but the Arabian court is Arabic theme and why shouldn´t you experience that when in the emirates! You must visit the rooftop bar, especially if you are a couple or on a date. Very romantic and different experience. Don´t forget to try their mezes, small (but large portions) tasty arbabic snacks. Also, if you have the time you should book (book before you travel and that includes the very popular restauranst in all the Mirage places...) to visit the hammam. I tried the moroccan massage, very relaxing. Don´t forget to bring your swimsuit since they have a small pool there. extras; they play cool music in all the hotelareas so you get in the right mood. Oh, and the breakfast is great! enjoy, I´ll def. be back!Jeanette S-T, sweden	
May 2 2007 	Amazing Hotel Amazing Staff	We stayed for 10 nights at the Arabian Court in September 2006If you are going to Dubai this is the only hotel to stay in!The Staff are second to none; they are extremely friendly and can not do enough for you, without making you feel uncomfortable.We had a junior suit, with a sea view and a balcony. We could not fault the room at all. The room has a fridge with a mini bar, large TV and all of the usual amenities you would expect from a good hotel. The bathroom has a large bath &amp; the shower is huge with a giant saucepan head, which is perfect for cooling off after a hard day of sunbathing. Room service also leave little treats by your beside table when they turn down the bed.For water sports lovers the hotel is situated right on the beach, getting a sun lounger was not a problem as plenty were available with lots of space between them. During the day staff would come by with fresh fruit, cold towels and would even clean your sun glasses for you. When we weren't at the beach we were by the pool near the Palace. The pool is fantastic with tall palm trees overlooking it, however it is very popular so its best to get there reasonably early if you want a good spot!For those who have had enough of sunbathing the Givenchy Spa offers the ultimate relaxation, if you have time it’s definitely worth a visit.There are a wide range of restaurants at the hotel with something for everyone, our favourite being the Beach Bar &amp; Grill, with fish fresh from the day's catch on offer.The hotel provides a free shuttle service at various times in the day which go to the Textile Souk, Gold Souk &amp; the mall of the Emirates, all of these are definitely worth a visit if you have time.We visited the Burj Al Arab for drinks &amp; dinner on one of the nights we were in Dubai and I can honestly say I do not know what all the fuss is about, the staff were unorganised and I found the hotel quite brash and in your face. I thought it was also extremely expensive for what you got, a few drinks in the sky bar came to £90, although you know its going to be expensive before you go, so its not really that big a deal, but if it wasn’t for the view and it is an amazing view of the palm &amp; the world from there I would rather spend the evening at the Roof Top bar at the One and Only.The holiday was an amazing experience &amp; we will definitely return!!	
Apr 23 2007	Fantasic Holiday - don't hesitate just book it!!!	Have just returned from a fantastic week at this Hotel - Arabian Court. We were warned about the building but this did not bother us at all, the sun beds all face to 11.00 o'clock and not 2.00 o'clock!! - have to say that I did not notice 'dust' either during our stay as mentioned by an earlier writer. We arrived at the end of the Easter period and there were quite a few young children, but please if you do not want to holiday with children then I suggest you visit an adult only resort! The children did 'thin out' a lot after our first few days and were all very well behaved. We had no problems at all with sunbeds, this is a 'pet hate' of mine but we did no 'reserving' and never arrived before 10.30/11am. We absolutely adored this hotel, the staff could not do enough for you and were so polite and helpful. Water, cold flannels, fruit kebabs, sun glass cleaning plus carrying your bags on the beach - what more do you want? It is not cheap to eat or drink here but then you would expect no different from a 5 star hotel, it was not over-priced for a hotel of this standard. We eat at the 'Eau Zone' and the Beach Bar and Grill both of which were excellent and in lovely settings. We did eat at the Burj al Arab Hotel one evening which was great to say ' have been there' but be aware that it is very very expensive!!!!!!! This was our first holiday to Dubai as we normally holiday in the Caribbean but it will certainly not be our last. I adore the Caribbean but this hotel surpassed all my expectations and we wil definately be returning. People who have complained about this hotel must be very very difficult to please. I have stayed in some lovely hotels in the world and this one certainly rates highly amongst them, and the staff definately the best. Don't hesitate to book it and just enjoy!!	
Apr 13 2007 	Great hotel spoiled by construction dust 	This is a very special hotel set in beautiful, well maintained gardens. It's graceful ambience, however, is sadly spoiled as it is next to the entrance to Palm Island. I have just returned from two weeks at the Arabian Court - a hotel that I cannot fault. The staff are very attentive, well trained, friendly and excellent. The rooms spotlessly clean and confortable (thankfully well insulated from the noise outside/ other guests, so a silent night sleep is possible). The food is delicious and NO stomach upsets - a first for us in Dubai!I'ts such a wonderful hotel I'm just very disappointed (and not the hotel's fault) that you have to endure the noise and construction dust from Palm Island. Yes it is noisy, but after a couple of days the noise does tend to meld into the background. If you live in a noisy town or city you will probably not be bothered, but the construction dust does a times make it hard to breath. If you have health issues take note.Sadly, the current view from the beach of Palm Island looks a lot like Dover docks not the golden sand and peacful turquoise sea view hoped for.Reserving sunbeds is a worldwide problem - most beds were reserved by 8am, especially around the pool, only to be left vacant for most of the day whilst their absent occupants were elsewhere. Get up early to reserve yours!	
Apr 12 2007 	very bad expierence at the one and only royal mirage the palace	I had a very bad experience with my hotel the one and only royal mirage. As per your booking confirmation on 28th feb 2007 I requested a twin room which was confirmed. On arrival to the hotel on wed morning march 28th at approx 6am after travelling 8hours from Dublin I checked into the room to find it was a double room not a twin room. I phoned reception to advise them of the situation and they would phone me back which never happened. I then proceed to reception with my booking confirmation and still got no where at this stage I was very annoyed all I got from the hotel was they were doing best to get it sorted. The two persons I was dealing with was Amine and the reservations manager called Sandy. Its now approx 9am and still nothing sorted so I decided to phone net tours and explained my problem and they said to me I would be called back regarding the situation which in fairness Net Tours did respond too and said the hotel would sort it out. At 11am a pull out camping bed was brought to the room temporarily until Friday and then we would be moved to another room which never happened at all. On Thursday morning I went down to the conceriege desk to find out travel arrangements to the dubai world cup and I was speaking to Harold and I asked could I have a hotel or courtesty car to the races which I would pay for. I was told there were no cars available only a bus service leaving the hotel at 2pm which I booked. On Friday I was speaking to a resident in the hotel who was travelling to the races he informed that the bus was now leaving at 3pm instead of 2pm in which we were never notified of any change I then proceed back to the conceriege desk to see if this was correct I was informed this was correct. I asked about a car again and this time there was no problem getting a car it would cost aed 500 which that was no problem so I booked it for 2pm the name of that company was auto assist rent a car who I found most helpful in bringing us to and back from the races. On tues 3rd april we went over to the sports bar in the Arabian court to watch the liverpool match which was very enjoyable. As you need a shuttle service to travel from one part of the the hotel to the next as the match had ended at approx 1am we proceeded to the main entrance where we needed the shuttle service we were asked did we need a taxi I said were just goin to the palace next door the 4 porters outside the door had no interest in what they were meant to be doing there only interest was smoking and using their mobile phones we waited 10 mins for the shuttle service with no sign so I ended up in getting a taxi. The next night wed 4th back again to watch the man utd game when we were finish at approx 1am this time we got no shuttle but we received a drive in a 7 series bmw. Edward as you can appreciate I come from a hotel background and if I treated my customers in the above manner I would,not have a business at all. The customer service and communication level at this hotel leaves a lot to be desired. In a country which is starting to depend on tourism from around the globe I would never recommend or stay at this hotel even if it was for free. The bigger the hotels the worst the service. I have travelled to dubai 3 times and this was an absolute disgrace for a 5 star hotel of this standard. I feel you should you be notified if you are recommending this hotel to any one in the near future.	
Apr 10 2007	Fantastic	This is simply the best hotel i have ever stayed in from the rooms tothe service, the food and the shopping. loved every minute and actually cried when i had to leave which i have never done before cannot wait to go back. go go go.	
Mar 30 2007 	Tremendous staff	Fantastic hotel with among the most attentive staff anywhere. There is building work quite close but the noise did not affect our room. Building is endemic in the city and does not really affect one hotel more than another. Drinks are very expensive so be aware, again this is not just in this hotel but the same in all the others we visited.	
Mar 27 2007 	Turning into kids club hotel?	This was our second stay at The Arabian Court, having also stayed at the The Palace twice before. Never had any complaints on previous trips, everthing about the place excellent, however this time not so good. Have to agree with the earlier posting of feeling like its turned into a family friendly hotel! I have absolutely no problem with children at all (have two grown up ones of my own) but do object to being surrounded by highchairs, pushchairs and tired irritable children when I am trying to enjoy a meal in the evening. Celebrities is promoted as being romantic, perfect for special occasions so we couldnt believe it when a family with two small children aged approx 3 and 5 came noisily charging in for dinner at 9 pm. We celebrated our wedding anniversary at The Beach Bar and Grill and it would have been perfect if not for the table next to us who allowed their two daughters to run around the tables as though they were in a playground throughout our entire meal. On our last night in the The Beach Bar and Grill we unfortunately had to sit inside due to the weather, couldnt wait to get out, all the ambience of MacDonalds! Le Royal Meridian is a very family orientated hotel, but even they do not allow children in the speciality restaurants after 7 pm, families have to use the buffet restaurant after this time which surely is a far more sensible soloution for all concerned. We did advise management of our critisicms, for what its worth. Usually visit Dubai twice a year , on our next trip seriously considering staying somewhere else.	
Mar 23 2007	Absolutely superb!	Just returned from the most fantastic trip to Dubai which was all the better for staying at the Arabian Court. Everything about the hotel (and the other two within the complex - The Palace and The Residence) was superb. Customer service was obviously paramount - all the staff friendly, cheery, helpful - the restaurants on site were excellent as were the bars. We did make a point of wandering the entire complex but for us the Arabian Court was the best of the 3 hotels. I do not understand the comments below from a recent reviewer - it's a 5 star hotel with 5 star service (and we did have offers to clean our sunglasses whilst relaxing at the Arabian Court pool!). The pool attendants were present but keeping a discreet distance, but were only too happy to comply with any requests if asked. There were hardly any children there, we noted that they tended to be people with 1 child, and mostly toddlers. No teenagers present during our stay but the hotel was full and even the conferences that were going on there were discreet.We will definitely be returning, and having gone on a tour of the City where we picked up people from other hotels, are satisfied that we made the right choice for our accommodation.Must add that the Givency Spa at the Residence is great, and that every restaurant within the complex was unique with excellent food, wine and service.	
Mar 18 2007 	The best in Dubai	We wanted a week in the sun, to escape London's winter and to see some friends who are now living in Dubai. Oh - and we wanted to see what all the Dubai fuss was about...The hotel first - do not pass go, do not collect two hundred dollars, just book it. Cheap? No. Worth it? Hell yes! My wife and I have stayed in hundreds of 5-star resorts and hotels all over the world and this is in the top three - in fact, the only place I can think of to eclipse it is The Datai in Langkawi, Malaysia, and that only because it is not set on the stage of the world's largest building site. The service is exquisite, the rooms are just right and the other guests - let's face it, who wants to spend £500 a night and find non-PLUs next to you at breakfast - just all fit together. Add to this the hammam in the spa complex and you have the perfect middle-Eastern break venue. Set in between The Palace at the One and Only (think of it as economy), The Arabian Court (think business class), the first class Residence is a must. Eat at EauZone or Nina's, drink cocktails at the Roof Terrace and enjoy.As for Dubai itself? Well, the shopping is over-rated, the place is a massive construction site (think the King's Cross development without the unions) and if you do not like sand, then stay home. However, for a glimpse of how fast-forward development will change our world, go and see it - NOW!!!	
Mar 13 2007 	No complaints !!	We stayed for 6 nights in early March and loved the hotel.Our room was large and on the ground floor with a small terrace overlooking the gardens.We found the staff both enthusiastic and professional in their approach.We ate in Ninas, EauZone and the Grill at the palace and found the quality and presentation of the food to be good.Although we had no complaints if you are looking for a nice quiet beach with views go to the Maldives or similar as there is a lot of building work going on for the new Palms resort that did spoil the views.	
Mar 12 2007 	Second stay was as good as the first.	Once again this has proved to be a really great place to stay for a second visit to Dubai.We stayed here over half term in February on our way back from the Maldives. Our second time stay was every bit as good as the first.Transfers - excellent, 2 cars sent to pick up our family of four. This was my moment of glory as the man from Arabian Adventures had looked my husband and I up and down and said we must be in the wrong queue!!! until we said where we were staying. Two black 4X4's were already outside waiting and his face dropped. It was my Julia Robert's moment (pretty woman - I have to go shopping now bit) .Check in - bliss. The reception staff come to you while you wait in a very pleasant seating area with a cold drink. They were very polite, helpful and remembered us from our last visit. Also the girls on the desk were so helpful with bookings and finding out information for us on trips and arranging for some jewellery to be delivered to the hotel before we left.Rooms - 2 adjoining rooms on the 3rd floor with a shared foyer between the two. As last time, the rooms and balconies were fantastic. Even on the 3rd floor the palm trees were so high that the Palm island construction is almost hidden. You can see the tops of the buildings that are nearly finished. The bathrooms are lovely with a massive walk in shower and there is a nice dressing area between the bed and the bathroom with the wardrobes and a small dressing table alcove with mirror and hairdryer.Pool and beach- great pool with lots of trees and hedges screening the area. The trees and hedges are really useful because when you are in the grounds the construction noise is usually minimal and the view of the Palm island is blocked. No shortage of sunbeds and the pool staff were really nice. It made a big difference that there were very few people bothering to reserve beds before they needed them. We stayed at the One and Only Palmilla last April and if you arrived at the pool after 8.30 all the beds were reserved even though there was hardly any one using them. It did spoil our trip there.The hotel grounds are extensive as is the private hotel beach. It was quite windy during our stay so we didn't use the beach. The gardens were well maintained and very pleasant to walk around.The pool area had some activities but for the majority of time it was peaceful even though there were quite a few families staying over half term.Food - all the restaurants are really good here. We especially liked the Rotisserie in the Arabian Court and as another reviewer said recently, we preferred this restaurant to Olives in the Royal Palace. The Eau Zone is also a very pleasant place for a drink.We ate outside at the Rotisserie on Valentine's night and there was some construction noise - probably pile driving which was intermittent during the evening however It wasn't enough to spoil our meal.Shopping - great shopping especially at the Mall of the Emirates and the Gold and Diamond Park. We visited Cara here and found the service there and the standard of jewellery amazing.Would we come back ? - no question. The feeling that this hotel has, its quiet ambience and architecture, the high standard of service and lovely rooms and facilities have to make it our favourite hotel. A good choice for a family with teenagers and we love the city.Also after the previous review, I have to point out that we were remembered as previous guests of the One and Only group and found all the staff including management helpful and pleasant to deal with.They were especially keen to hear how our stay in Dubai compared with our holiday last year to Palmilla.	
Mar 10 2007 	Just not good enough!	My Partner and I have just returned for 6 nights half-board stay in Arabian Court and I must say, I was extremely disappointed with the standards previously set by the One &amp; Only Resort group.Firstly, when did it become a kids club hotel? I think we were one of the few couples without kids and their websire definitely doesn't portray this! The adult only area in Arabian Court has no pool just grass and the service is non-existent. We got no service from waiters offering to get drinks. We did get a cold glass of water occasionally but thats it. It is more expensive than Palace, but the waiters at the palace clean your sunglasses, bring you fruit and drinks, but nothing at Arabian Court.Every bar, nightclub, restaurant has 'Reserved tables' which you as a guest cannot book. This is for Dubai corporate clients, and when we had friends flying in on Friday (staying at the Palace) I tried to book Celebrities, Kasbar Club and Rooftop bar tables and each time I was told I couldn't reserve a table.The hotel was full which is a good sign, but it does does cause operational problems. Service in restaurants charging us over £200 on top of our half board supplement, was really amateurish at best. Wine waiters pretending to be sommeliers with very limited understanding.I hate to criticise such a lovely and friendly place. But having ventured out to other hotels for dinner, etc, The Arabian Court simply is not good enough for the money. The Al Qsar sent a car to pick us up for our dinner and take us home and the meal was incredible for less than I was paying in our own hotel. The final humiliation was the late arriving 'minibus' to take us to the airport when I was supposed to have booked a private car! Definitely not going to return and to be honest, The One &amp; Ony Group didn't even know we had stayed at Le Tusserock before so we won't be using this hotel chain again!	
Mar 4 2007	Amazing 5 star service all round me hubby and 3yr old girl loved it!	We have just come back from a weeks stay at the One &amp; Only Arabian Court (part of Royal Mirage), I went with my husband and 3 year old girl. From start to finish it was brilliant. We were picked up from airport in a car, given fresh cold water and chocolates. When we got there the hotel was amazing. My little girl was playing up through being tired and they gave her a cuddly pink camel from the shop. Our room was beautiful, with a 2 shower cubicle (massive shower head), fluffy towels, big hairdryer and Penhaligon toilettries. They supplied me with a kettle and also a dvd/video player with lots of childrens dvds (from the kids club). Every night they gave us a little present, be it chocolate/photo album and because I mentioned we had got married 6 years before, they gave me a huge boquet of lillies and a photoframe. The food was amazing, we ate mostly in the Rotisserie, don't bother with Olives in the Palace as its nowhere as nice. I used the gym every day as I have a joint problem. Machines were fine, take headphones, had treadmills/cross trainers/bikes/weights. Also had a great physio massage, where they covered me in oil, but it was amazing (note they massage your whole body, inlcuding chest!) We used the babysitting twice, which was fine (albeit they turned up late each time), but it was great as they took my little girl with others to eat in the rotisserie restuarant. We loved the Eau Zone for their Pad Thai Noodles and also Zena restaurant. They couldn't do enough for us. The beach was gorgeous, although lots of jellyfish (big ones!) Every day was given fresh fruit in our room and by the pool, as well as water, and had our sunglasses wiped. We have stayed in other 5 star hotels but this was really pushing the boat out. We went to the snow dome twice and teh wild wadi, both great. I prefer this to the Jumeria as its great with kids yet not overrun by them. THe hotel was fully booked yet at all times you felt like you were the only ones there. They were fantastic with kids, couldn't do enough and were always smiling. It was immaculately clean. We loved so much we hope to go back in October! My husband watched all his football games too as they had them on - most important to him! Oh and if you want to e-mail me with places to buy good jewellry, then please do, as I always go back to the same place and have a contact in the souks. They give the best deal!	
Feb 27 2007	Heaven on earth in Dubai	I have travelled to some of the best five star hotels in the world but this one beats them all. It is beautifully decorated, quiet and private, which considering it shares the grounds with 2 other hotels is amazing, however only Residence guests are allowed to use the private pool and facilities.The staff are wonderful, the service top rate, they can't do enough for you and are incredibly friendly. The food is lovely and the rooms are beautiful and spacious. We couldn't find fault with anything and i totally reccomend anyone should visit the residence.The Spa is excellent and as a therapist myself i can't begin to tell you how good the staff and treatments are.A MUST DO is the Hammam experience, total bliss!We will be going back to stay here without a doubt.	
Feb 18 2007	I love the Arabian Court	My husband and I have stayed at the Arabian Court 4 times now and I'm just about to book another holiday in May. We first went to Dubai about 7 years ago - before it was really built up - when it was somewhere really different and we loved it. Nowadays, it's not, unless you stay in the Royal Mirage where you can forget the skyscrapers and largely, the building works on Palm Island. It's an oasis in the otherwise frenetic Dubai. The rooms are big and in Arabain style - quite dark but cool and the room service must be experienced. The staff are wonderful , it's difficult to do anything for yourself .The hotel ensures as far as possible that each room has the same member of staff to clean etc .They soon get used to your 'timetable' and preferences. And it's SO nice to come back to your room after a day in the heat to a big bucket of ice on the dresser - perfect for the duty free! Bathrooms have a shower stall the size of a bus shelter with rain shower (just to remind you of home) which you could wallow under for ages. Towels are often sculpted into flowers and other personal touches. The pool is wonderful , the food is great and staff are brilliant. If you don't want what they offer, just say so . Last time we stayed at a big 6* hotel with butler service but went back to the Arabian Court a couple of times for intimacy and understated opulence and great restaurants. It's great for couples and the 'nanny' service for young children/babies received high praise from nearby parents. More than once, I saw children crying when the nanny ( male and female) dropped them off to family by the pool . For older children, I don't think there's too much to do. For adults , it's difficult to drag yourself away , but it's one of the closer hotels to the city centre and not too far from the new malls so taxi's are affordable . Like other hotels , the shuttle bus takes you all 'round the houses. Also like other hotels , prostitution is visible but usually subtle - mainly at Arabian weekends -Wednesday/Thursdays. But if it caused offence , just talk to any manager.It's too well run to allow this to compromise women travelling alone . I can't say enough good things about the Arabian Court . It's an experience that most UK residents can afford at home. If you want top class accommodation and service and a holiday to remember, this in our opinion, is it - unbeatable in Dubai.	
Feb 18 2007 	luxury	Just retur from a 7 days vacation in Dubai.The Arabian Court is excelent,very luxury,staff very friendly and kind.We do not have anything to complain about.Rooms are large,very clean and checked 3 times a day.Food excelent in all resorts restaurants,but not very cheap.No new buildings around to disturb,except access to the palm.Beach and pools excelent.	
Feb 18 2007 	Dissappointing	We stayed in the Arabian Court in Jan for a week. Having stayed at a oneandonly resort once before we expected the oneandonly brand to deliver again. Unfortunately it did not.The staff were disinterested and some of the waiters (although to be fair not all) were more interested in selling wine than service, consequently our perception was that they were &quot;pushy&quot;. We had to queue to get into breakfast nearly every morning (except when we got up at 06:30 on the day we left). Another reason why this hotel did not live up to our expectations was the location. Its right opposite the palm where the construction works continue 24 hours. The piling works kept me awake at night and when I used the beach I had to breathe the diesel fumes from the road serving the palm. You can never say never, but we are unlikely to return.	
Feb 9 2007 	Does exactly what it says on the tin!	We have just come back from a 10 day break with our young son and we were very impressed.I am not the easiest person to please when it comes down to hotels and restaurants but the One and Only have got it exactly right. The service is spot on, the restaurants are trendy and the bars too.As you would expect from a 5* hotel the drinks are never going to cheap but £4 for a bottle of beer isn't too bad considering where you are.They have a great kids club and offer a baby sitting service which is very reasonable at £3phIf you are looking for a contempory hotel with an Arabian feel then look no further, the Royal Mirage has something for everyone.	
Feb 3 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed for 10 nights with an 18 month old child. Wonderful hotel and the service and amenities were faultless. They couldn't so enough for you (as you would expect from a 5* hotel). The only downside is the building work going on in Dubai, especially the Palm which is the view from the beach, it can be quite noisy but if you stay inside the hotel and don't go to the beach you wouldn't know any different. We had a young child who goes to bed at 7pm, so the half board for her was not applicable as they don't allow them to eat until 6.30pm, which was too late. You can order a special childs menu from room service though. The staff love children. We used the babysitting service every night which is well worth it. It was about £10 for 3 hours! The rooftop bar is very cool, well worth a visit (especially from 5-7pm, happyhour). All the resturants are nice and offer a variety of food.Went to the emerates mall, but not that great. They have a Debenhams and Harvey Nics, but ones in the UK are much better. Go to the Karama Shopping Centre for replica bags, watches and clothes. Quality varies so shop around.A good place to go for some winter sun in a true 5* hotel where you don;t have to travel too far.	
Jan 20 2007 	Heaven on Earth!	The foyer is elegant and somewhat modest compared to the Palace and the Arabian Court, but should be likened to the &quot;Gates of Heaven&quot;.The suites are enormous in size, regally appointed, and quiet and private. The staff are polite, unobtrusive and discreet.This property would be without question the finest I've ever been to and simply cannot be faulted in any way.The restaurants serve the finest food in surroundings of unrivalled ambience and comfort, and it would be unkind to question the prices (which are above average) because you get what you pay for.I look forward to returning.	
Jan 14 2007 	THE BEST HOTEL IN THE WORLD?	I have stayed in lots of 5* hotels around the world but this one is the best.The spa is awesome, the service is impecable and the food is perfect.If you are going to Dubai, don't consider anywhere else.	
Jan 2 2007 	The Best!!	Having stayed at the Jumeirah Beach, this is the best!Fantastic service from the moment we arrived to the moment we left and without the transient feel, just quietly efficient.The rooms are beautiful [ not enormous, as we had our 8yr old son with us ] but it had a fantastic bathroom with good quality toiletries and an extremely comfortable bed.All the restaurants were good and the spa is fantastic, we spoke to many people on their 2nd or 3rd time back and we are returning again in July.I can honestly say that I would not change a thing!	
Dec 6 2006 	Expensive but worth it	We stayed at this wonderful hotel in December 2004 and liked it so much that we returned in January/February this year. In addition to the excellent rooms, food, gardens and beach, what really sets this place above the rest is the staff. The service is superb but discreet - everyone gives the impression that they actually enjoy their jobs and that their number one priority is to make sure that your stay is an excellent experience. Yes, there is a lot of building work going on, but this didn't bother us particularly, probably because it is a constant noise in the background which we didn't have any trouble tuning out. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone (except those with children, as there aren't any facilities for them) and we will certainly be back if we can afford it!	
Nov 14 2006 	Excellent	We stayed for only 2 nights, but were really impressed. The decor is everything we had been promised in both the hotel overall and the hotel room. The staff were very friendly and willing. The pool and it's environment is excellent. You can use most of the facilities and restaurants of the adjoining Royal Mirage hotels e.g. the Palace. The Arabian Court Rottiserie restaurant has an excellent chef working in an open preparation area. You can chat with him and find out what the very wide range of buffet items are. This is the best buffet restaurant I have experienced. On the other hand the Beach Restaurant in the Palace was disappointing and not the best value for money. The staff did listen willingly to our feedback! There is a regular hotel bus to local shopping malls, but if you want to visit the local Gold and Diamond Park for gold/diamonds take a taxi directly to it; don't go via the Emirates Mall bus.As others have said the extensive building work going on in the surrounding areas does not impact on the Arabian Court. It was our first visit to Dubai and it has it's quirks including a very serious lack of public transport causing excessive traffic on the roads. We would return to the Arabian Court if the opportunity arose	
Oct 25 2006	Charm and character in a very modern city	I stayed at the arabian court in October. It's a stunning hotel with a great location. Lovely beach and wonderful shady pool area surrounded by palm trees. Service was great, our room was tidied 2 to 3 times a day!Many of the hotels in Dubai are stunning and beyond 5 star but they are really modern and glitzy. The arabian court had beautiful interior design but with a more ethnic feel to the marble and spotlights of other hotels.Food was faultless, endless restaurants to choose from (including the other two connected hotels.) Room was very comfortable and bathrooms were really clean, we had a tub and a large walk-in shower.I would love to go back to this hotel again soon!	
Oct 18 2006 	Guaranteed to return!	From the moment we stepped off the plane, the service that we experienced was absolutely amazing and I would fully recommend this hotel.The staff are warm, friendly and the service is very personalised. Each day started with a fantastic breakfast at the Rotissery, where you could eat either inside or outside, and have whatever you wanted. We then went down to the pool, where we would play water polo (excellently organised and really helped guests get to know each other!). Lunch was taken at Eau Zone, followed by more chilling out. My boyfriend enjoyed playing football one evening(management vs residents), and we were invited to a cocktail party on the Tuesday, where we got to meet the staff and other residents, which was very enjoyable.I can not fault this hotel at all and will definitely return. We went during Ramadam, and although it was quiet, did not have any impact on our overall holiday, and we will probably return at the same time next year.	
Oct 9 2006 	the most relaxing hotel ever	stayed in the arabian court for the second time this april,standards have not dropped one bit.wonderfull hotel,the best in dubai.ate in a few of the better hotels in dubai,including the burj and the emerite towers but always glad to get back to the calm of the arabian court. rooms are not huge as you might expect but they are very comfortable and bathroom is magnificent!!!.grounds and pool area are second to none and many restaurants onsite are all superb.forget all the talk of building work,you wont notice here.the very best thing about this great hotel is the service....best ive ever come across , from the front desk to the wonderful rooftop bar to the pool area,the staff couldnt be nicer.going back again next march and cant wait.not cheap to stay here but its worth it!!	
Sep 23 2006 	Fantastic service all the way	We arrived for a 4 night stay as the first part of our honeymoon, and from their own dedicated stand in the arrivals hall at dubai airport, to the private bmw 7 series transfer to the hotel, you could tell this was a special hotel. All the staff stop to greet you at all times, the place is huge, but kept very very clean. The place is immaculate. Their is a good choice of resturants, premiership football is also shown, and the rooftop bar is very cool. whilst the building of the palm is going on you do not get any disruption from the trucks going to and from it. The private beach is very impressive with mid afternoon, waiters bringing you ice cold water and fruit on a stick. As honeymooners we got, roses, picture frame, a book on dubai and 30% givenchy spa treatments (we tried them and they were brilliant). overall a fantastic stay.	
Sep 10 2006 	Exceptional holiday experience	We have just returned from a week's holiday at The Royal Mirage, staying at the Residence and Spa. In the past, we have stayed at a number of hotels in Dubai but The Residence surpassed them all in every way. The room was lovely and the gardens are incredibly beautiful and well tended. Every single member of the hotel staff with whom we came into contact was delightful, from the housekeepers, restaurant staff to the hotel manager whose presence was constant but unobtrusive throughout our stay. Our dining experiences at The Dining Room, Eauzone and the Beach Restaurant were all really excellent. The pool and beach environment were quiet and relaxing. It is expensive but, as an occasional or one-off indulgence, we found it to be memorable. The hotel made us feel very special and we were very sorry to have to leave for home!One tip which we discovered too late to benefit from - if you fly Business Class with Emirates, they offer complimentary aiport transfers in the UK and Dubai (as well as other places, I'm sure). Travel agents should pass on this information but ours didn't.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great Honeymoon	Totally amazing.As soon as my wife and I arrived we were met with cold drinks and friendly smile. We are were in our room within 5 minutes and the room itself was absolutely stunning. Huge bed, massive bathroom, fresh roses, just stunning.Service was brilliant as was the food.Very expensive but worth every penny.	
Sep 2 2006 	Perfect Luxury	We have just returned from 12 days at this luxury hotel. It is very clean, the staff are exceptional and absolutly nothing is too much trouble.The rooms are spacious and elegantly furnished and you will certainly not be disapointed. We have been returning to this hotel for the past 5 years and the levels of service remain unchanged despite the hotel being busier and busier.The construction in Dubai is everywhere and considering this and that the Palm is being constructed near to the hotel there is no noise to disrupt your stay.The pool area is superb and you are provided with free cooled spring water throughout the day, chilled towels,fresh fruit skewers at 3.30pm and even someone to clean your sunglasses!There are activities run throughout the day if you wish to participate and the childrens club which is free is brilliant - they will look after children to10.00pm and provide them with dinner so you can fit your romantic meal in.There is a good choice of Restaurants and you can eat in any of the hotels and charge to your room. I highly recommend Nina's - this is essentially an Indian Restaurant with a twist, the surroundings and the food really is exceptional.Breakfast is a buffet and very civilised. A good range of food is offered and an omlette/egg chef on hand. Every taste is catered for.We will certainly be returning .	
Aug 6 2006	A Perfect Moment - Not Just a Weekend away	From the moment we arrived to the moment we left everything was perfect.We have stayed in what we thought were top 5* hotels before, but the One &amp; Only Mirage is the one that sets the standard.Every member of staff from the concierge to the restaurant manager couldn’t have done more to make our stay so special.All the little touches that I never expected that just seem to set the tone and made the ambience of the whole experience wonderful.Our meal at the Celebrities’ restaurant was absolutely delightful and made all the more romantic with rose petals and glass stones placed on our table.Expect to see us dinning in the future with the Chef’s food being so exciting and fresh.It wasn’t just a weekend away we had at the Mirage it was an EXPEREINCE that help us celebrate such a Special Moment.It was so refreshing to have enjoyed such warm hospitality from all the professional staff.Steve (Celebrities), Aaron (Restaurant Manager), Cindy (Residency &amp; Spa), all the Staff at the Givenchy Spa and every member of staff we came into contact with during our stay that made our 1st Anniversary so memorable.Being able to treat my wife to this kind of experience means she may even let me out on the golf course all little more now!!!Wishing every one well at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage	
Jul 30 2006 	The Best Honeymoon	Malaga, Spain. We have been in the Arabian Court for two weeks for our Honeymoon. Everything has been a dream. They had lots and lots of details with us because we were on Honeymoon and it was my birthday. The service is superb, the best in the world. From the moment you arrive at the hotel the experience starts. They can´t be more friendly, helpful, nice...Ali, Angelo, Warwie, Carmell, Charles, Cherinda, Cheryl...Thank you!!!We tried all the restaurants in the three hotels and they were all excellent. We specially recommend the Dining Room and Olives. Jose the manager at the Olives is doing a really good work.We went several times to the Givenchy Spa, it is Excellent! The pool areas, the gardens and the beach are very well kept. It is good fun in the pool areas all the activities with Sam. All the beach boys are very nice.The hotel gives you free to try different water sports every day.Breakfast at the Rottiserie is really good, all type of meals, cakes, fresh juices, bread...The room was lovely, good size and spectacular see views.It is hot in that time of the year but you dont feel it as the hotel is so well prepared for that.We are so happy we have choosen the Royal Mirage, we felt like Kings. You have to live the experience, it is very different to other 5* hotels in europe.We went to have a drink or for dinner to other hotels like The Ritz, Jumeirah Beach, MinaASalam, Hilton and Burj Al arab. You don´t feel the same atmosphere as in the Arabian Court in One &amp; Only Royal Mirage.Burj Al Arab is incredible, but it is too much, we went for dinner and it isn´t good value for money. Th Sky Views Bar on the 27th floor worths a visit.The hotel has a free bus that goes to shopping center and to the gold souk, a really interesting place to go.We want to come back to Dubai and when we do it there won´t be another hotel than the Royal Mirage.Our honeymoon was a dream came true!Thank you for everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Besos desde España	
Jul 29 2006 	Lost one of its stars	We had stayed in the hotel before (in 2001) they built the new adjoining hotels and the island in front and found it to be a very quiet tranquil hotel. We knew of the development but never imagined the change would be so great - for the worse. The public rooms are lovely as are the grounds and the beach is very clean and that is about it. Our room decoration was a little tired and could have been anywhere in the world -the food in the restaurants has not improved and is expensive and unimaginative. The service whcih was excellent is now very poor, until the day before you are due to leave when suddenly they all make themselves known to you - clearly after tips.When we were there last time a lot of people became sick (in fairness to this hotel we subsequently found out it was rife in all hotels in Dubai) and we both again had a vomiting sickness for a couple of days. The hotel management staff denied there was any sickness but the chap who cleaned our room advised us out of eight rooms he had people in five who were ill. Our mini bar had gin but it took 6 days to get any tonic to go with it. Great place for winter sunshine but the hotel is not what it once was.	
Jun 29 2006	Arabian Magic!	We have just returned from honeymoon at the Arabian Court at the Royal Mirage and had a fantastic time, service was second to none, food was outstanding, people were really friendly, the only downside was the hotel could have done with a few more activties as it was pretty quiet on that front, especially in the evening! Apart from the 45 degree heat as expected at that time of year would defo return again, but would opt to stay at the Palace instead as seemed more to do there and seemed alot more relaxed!	
Apr 18 2006	Paradise for the staff	Hi just a short note excellent hotel nice veiw once the palm is complete and the towers are complete they dubai will look amazing staff at the royal mirage look very happy keep up the good work &quot;its a saying if you throw peanuts you get monkeys&quot; for this hotel they are throwing coconuts.I did not stay but we had some guest staying an we visted much better than the jumeirah beach hotel service very patheticCeline Ferns	
Apr 4 2006	World Cup Magic	My wife and I stayed for 10 nights at this wonderful hotel.The attention to detail was amazing.They oredered us tickets for the World Cup horserace and then because some people were concerned about geting there and back, the resort put on a bus there and back COMPLETELY FREE OF CHARGE.The rest of teh stay was equally fantastic and the food great. Definitely not cheap but excellent value for money.The construction just seems to carry on regardless but no noise!Equally the service on the beach and poolside could not be faulted and there was no pressure on tipping or anything just really keen to make sure you enjoyed yourself and came back...roll on next time	
Mar 30 2006	fabulous hotel but beaware construction	My husband and I have just returned from the Arabian court one and only, fantastic hotel, good size room and comfortable bed. Staff very friendly and nothing is any trouble, food excellent bit pricey but hey your on holiday beats slaving in the kitchen!Beach has not got a very good view on-going construction for the palm, but the sand is kept very clean and the golf buggy comes around to offer you drinks, and a pleasant chat or too with the staff who will even clean your sun glasses. If you strike it lucky mid afternoon fresh fruit on skewers are offered. People with young children are often given a little ride in the golf buggy very cute.The swimming pool is lovely background music, to think of those at home in the Cold!!! whilst you plan what you want to eat in the evening! The Eau Zone we visited for a Full Moon dinner, it was very romantic. Certainly will visit again, and visit the Ski Center to learn how to Ski, and the Madinat open mall is a must, wenever got round to having a meal in Pier Chic seafood restaurant, but were told it was romantic and service second to none.	
Mar 15 2006	Fantastic hotel	We stayed for 6 nights at Arabian Court - it was stunning. We had a room on the 4th floor (top) which overlooked the palm trees to the water, from our balcony we could see the trunk development of Palm Jumeirah and the high rise development at Dubai Marina but to be honest the birds in the grounds made more noise than either of these construction sites.The room was huge, very comfortable bed, fantastic rainforest power shower room with seating. The room attendant remembered we liked ice every evening in our room, he came to the door each evening with a bucket of ice unasked. The towels were changed as often as you used them, the place was spotless. There were some lovely places to sit in the hotel, quiet and comfortable for reading etc. We had a free half board option, we could eat at Rotisserie (buffet) for no extra charge, at Eau Zone (beautiful setting and great food), Nina etc you received a 120 Dirhams credit per person toward the menu. Breakfasts were fantastic as was all the food we had. Wine was a horrendous price, Rosemount Semillon Chardonnay for instance was close on £30 a bottle! The pool was lovely, heated to 29 degrees and virtually empty most of the time. We tried the pool at The Palace, I thought it was nicer as it had seating areas in the pool, both pool areas were well shaded by palm trees. The staff (mostly Asian) were very obliging, they came round the pool and beach with iced water, fruit on cocktail sticks and cleaned your sunglasses. There is a programme of about 6 events happening during the day, water aerobics at 11.00am, water basketball, hobie cat initiation, football, power walking etc. for the energetic. They also have a table tennis table poolside which got quite a bit of use. Probably the most stunning feature of this resort, including The Residence and The Palace are the grounds, they are immaculate, the whole complex is designed so that even if the hotel is full (as it was) you actually feel as if you are the only guests (it has been designed this way). We loved this hotel and would have no hesitation in returning. It was cloudy and did rain on one day, we went to the Mall of the Emirates, a great place to spend time, have a look at Ski Dubai which is situated in the Mall, its amazing, they have a chairlift and poma lift to carry skiers to the top. It cost about £6.00 by cab from the hotel. Do go!!	
Mar 5 2006	Superb Service	I have just returned from a couple of days at the One and Only Royal Mirage Arabian Palace. I cannot fault the seemless service of all the staff. It is the small touches that make the difference and endless iced water by the pool to fresh fruit in the afternoon lying on your lounger made this hotel stand out from the rest. Every meal I had was excellent within the hotel's various restaurants. The housekeeping staff kept the room spotless and fresh towels always seemed to appear at any time of the day as though they had a sixth sense you needed them! The whole resort is beautifully designed and you feel very much part of an exclusive club. The only downside was that the view from your balcony on the higher floors was of building sites on all three sides; the Palm building site directly infront out to sea and large developments on the right and left. That said the lush grounds tended to absorb the noise and even though the work goes on 24 hours a day it was not too invasive. A walk along the beach will give the same vistas of cranes and high rise developments. I would thoroughly recommend the hotel even taking into account the construction all around, this will go on for some time to so beware...!!!	
Feb 23 2006	Looking forward to returning.	This was our second visit to Dubai - we first stayed there 2 years ago at the Ritz Carlton, which was excellent - but we were advised to stay somewhere else this time as the building work around that hotel at present is just too great. The Royal Mirage came highly recommended by a number of friends, and having had a superb week here we will certainly be doing the recommendations ourselves in future. We flew into Abu Dhabi instead of Dubai - further away but the traffic jams are not a problem, something to consider if you fly into Dubai - don't land during rush hour as your transfer could be very slow in the heavy traffic. Met by a very efficient hotel rep at the airport who organised porters and directed us to the car service the hotel provided. Efficient check in at hotel, nice cold towels and refreshing drinks provided by reception on arrival. We had booked connecting rooms as we have 2 young children and this arrangement worked perfectly. The rooms were large, spotlessly clean, comfortable, extremely well furnished. The turndown service was brilliant. Breakfast buffet was 5 star as expected, wide variety of different types of food including some hot food cooked to order. Great swimming pool with a large, safe childrens shallow area. Well serviced by bodyguards. Pool attendants were abundant, always ready with a top up of ice cold water, or to play table tennis, organise a game of volleyball or water polo, or clean your sunglasses or help move your sunbed. They were not over the top, if you wanted to chill out and not participate in activities this was respected.Restaurant choices for lunch and dinner were large, as you could eat in the facilities in the Palace or Residence and Spa areas of the Royal Mirage as well. Our favourites were Eau Zone (beach side for lunch, pool side for dinner), Nina (Indian food, nice vibe for dinner), the Beach Bar and Grill - great lunch venue, and the Dining Room at The Residence was exceptional food and service as well. The Rooftop Bar is also a very hip and trendy place to go for an after dinner drink, nice views, good music (not too loud), relaxed vibe.The view of the construction on The Palm is not ideal but I have to say did not infringe upon our holiay at all. The noise was very minimal. If you crave a nice view from the beach, this would be a problem. Not for us though.In general I would say this was one of the highest levels of service I have encountered at a hotel, and I have stayed at a lot in all areas of the world. My wife and I loved it and had a very relaxing time, and our 6 year old and 3 year old had a great time too. The Kids Club is there if you need it and they can nip in and out every other morning or afternoon if like. Baby sitting services and room service were also very efficient. This hotel does exactly what it promises to do. Add that to the great winter weather in the area, and the only 6 hour flight from the UK, and we will be booking up soon to go again next year.	
Feb 12 2006	Fantastic hotel	Great hotel for peace and quite, setting is outstanding, grounds and beach immaculate, sitting by the pool you would think you are by yourself.Hotel staff very friendly and helpfully really is first class.Merc	
Feb 7 2006	Paradise!	We stayed here for five nights celebrating 50th Birthday, what a place! Hotel is spotlessly clean, staff are superb nothing is too much trouble, food is excellent, beach is wonderful, building of The Palm is in background but is not intrusive on your stay. Will return but for longer so much to do and see!!	
Feb 4 2006	nothing special at all	We spend there 10 days and the overall impression is very much mixed:1. Room was of a very good quality while the room service was not punctual enough. Had to make a call to ensure it is done before 3pm2. Food was okay nothing special at all3. Having read some reviews i asked as remote room as possible and was right as otherwise we would have listened to construction noise even during night4. View from the hotel is on anther construction site...5. Traffic jams are ....but shopping for brands is fairly cheap6. Book golf well in advance!!!! Played montgomery, nadal sheba and desert course and montgomery occupied top 3 position for the courses i ever played.	
Jan 25 2006	great hotel but what a view...	Really, really great hotel, staff, rooms and food. Excellent, superb. Better then I'd ever visited. But what a waste of the view from the beach. Do not expect to have a nice long strech of horizon. Because right in front of you a Palm island is being constructed. Although the building does not affect you in anyway, the view is terribly spoiled.	
Jan 12 2006	The best hotel in Dubai	We have been to Dubai twice so far and the first time we stayed in the city because we were visiting my brother who lived there at the time.The second time we stayed at the Royal Mirage, Arabian Court. The Royal Mirage is the best hotel in Dubai and we have visited most of them including the Madinat Jumeriah complex. Our favourite part of the hotel is the Arabian Court and we knew this beforehand because we had visited the hotel the first time we went to Dubai. Our favourite place to eat was the Beach Bar and Grill within the complex (at the palace) but during our stay we ate at many others in different hotels. We really liked the food and service at &quot;Indego&quot; at Grovesnor house. What makes the Royal Mirage better is the the overall package which other hotels just dont match up to. Infact we liked the hotel so much that we haved booked to go back this year!	
Jan 9 2006 	By Far The Best Hotel In Dubai	A truly fantastic hotel..The rooms are excellent, the service &amp; staff well above any standard you can expect - making the stay a truly memorable experience. Definately did not take advantage of all the facilities made available. Will go back there without a doubt..A small tip - best to have a room on the 3rd floor ( their lowest level) where the patio doors open onto the lush green gardens.	
Jan 8 2006	Fantastic place to stay	I am writing this report on the hotel becuase it is without doubt one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in and we have stayed in some super places over the years. The first time we visted we stayed in the Palace which we enjoyed but it was busy which did not stop our enjoyment at all. The room was very good except I orderd twin beds and found a very large double bed in the room. I complaned but it was 02:00 and we were tired and advised they had no more rooms. I agreed to speak to reception in the morning. When we woke we had a lovely room on the ground floor by the pool so we decided to stay in the room and share, the bed was so large it was not a problem. We ate at all of the resturants and enjoyed them all the worst I would say was the Beach house the best was Nina and the Celebrity Resturant. When the time came to book our holiday the next year we both looked at one another and agreed to go back to The Royla Mirage but this time we would go to the Arabian Court, mainly becuase we fell in love with the roof bar and Ninas. We really loved the Arabian Court and found it much nicer than the Palace which amazed us as we enjoyed the Palace the previous year. The atomsphere at the Arabian Court was great you seem to mix more than the Palace. The staff were good but the Pool Boys were slow in getting water to you. The roof top bar is just stunning and the food was great. We have just come back from a winter break in Florida and in the cold UK weather, we talked about our holiday in May and guess what, we are going back to our wonderfull Royal Mirage for a third time amazing. I forgot to mention that in the Arabian court the rooms are larger and we got two large twin beds.	
Nov 29 2005 	Dubai Dreams!!	Stayed here on business for 10 nights. Was the most amazing hotel i have ever stayed in. Service is second to none, food is fabulous and those Strawberry Daiquiris are not to be missed.Facilties are brilliant and the refreshing towels at the poolside were gratefully welcomed. It was luxurious without being tacky and had a nice arabian feel about it.As i was there on business i was not too worried about how much things cost although if I had have been paying myself i would have found it very expensive.Ever since returning I have been dreaming of the day I will return. It was perfect in every way.	
Nov 21 2005	Magnificent	Simply the best hotel we've stayed in - others pale in comparison. Charming staff, stunning architecture and a truly relaxing ambiance.We stayed at the time of the assault into Iraq - in truth you wouldn't have known there was a war potentially engulfing the Middle East.	
Oct 26 2005	Pure luxury!	My husband was lucky enough to win an incentive at work and we had a choice of places around the world to go to - Dubai being one of them. We are glad we chose Dubai and the Royal Mirage as we had a fantastic time and enjoyed the luxury. We arrived at 7am in the morning to 30 degrees (!) and was picked up by a courtesy car. We arrived at the hotel shortly after and our room wasn't ready but we were given a cool drink and told to go and have breakfast and then our room should be ready. Breakfast was amazing - the staff were very attentive and the food was excellent. Our room was great - loads of room and very tidy with a fantastic walk in shower with two shower heads! Room service was superb with a turn down service during the day and then when we got in at night the bed was ready, slippers were put by the bed, TV was on, chocolates/sweets and water were there and there was even a daily poem!The pool at the Royal Mirage was very secluded and the bar staff were constantly bringing water and tidying our towels. It was very hot though so we spent most of the time in the pool reading. The beach was lovely and even the view of many, many cranes didn't put us off. Each night we would go to the beach and watch the sun go down - bliss!The grounds were luscious and were constantly being attended to. Each of the three resorts had their own style, restaurants and bars which are each worth visiting.As for evening meals - we had a great meal each evening and the service and quality was outstanding. We had heard that alcohol was expensive so hadn't planned to drink but in the end gave in and had a bottle of wine each evening (£25) and a few after dinner drinks (we worried about the bill when we got home!We did the desert safari which is one not to be missed and we also went shopping and a got some bargains including some gold jewellery.All in all a fantastic 5 nights and I hope we get to go again (although we may have to win the lottery!)	
Oct 10 2005	Truly Fantastic	Fantastic, attention to detail amazing, I can't find fault with this hotel. It's my new favourite place and I can't wait to go back - the best yet!!	
Oct 4 2005	best holiday ever!	few months ago, was out in dubai at Royal Miragei think its the best holiday ever, although im only 14 im hoping to go out there again some time near christmas or maybe next june. we met quite alot of nice new peopleand the people who work there are way too nice and helpful!	
Sep 22 2005	Fantastic !!	We have just returned from a week at the 'One &amp; Only' Royal Mirage. It was fantastic. The brilliant service started as soon as we walked through the door and continued all week. The hotel is modern but with an arabic twist. Staff are so friendly and seem to know and remember your name, even the man who turned down our bed . He covered our bed in rose petals and left a proverb and a delicious nibble by our bedside every night. The food that we tried was delicious although we didn't try all of the restaraunts as 'Nina' which was modern indian and 'Eau Zone'which was modern asian were so good we went back to both twice. The hotel is very good for lazing about although they do have free tasters of watersports you can do every day. There is also a gym if you feel the need. I also had a beauty treatment but theres so much to try we just didn't have the time!.I would say the only down point was at present you can see &amp; hear the building work that is going on next door but it isn't intrusive and the guys on pool duty can be rather slow with handing out the free water. Overall I can't wait to go back again.	
Aug 23 2005	We loved the Royal Mirage	We stayed at the Mirage for 5 nights at the end of our honeymoon in July. The hotel is out of this world as is the service. We stayed in a gold room which was worth every penny, super afternoon tea, great drinks and cocktails between 6-8pm and all free.On leaving the staff presented us with a beautiful leather photograph frame which was so unexpected.The staff in the gold club were excellent, really helpful. We ate in the dining room which was out of this world on our last night, the beach bar and grill was also lovely. The night club was good, it does not get busy till 12.30, the roof top bar in the arabian court was fantastic.The weather was really hot but to be honest it did not really bother us, just kept dipping in and out of the pool.The speed boat tour is a must you will find this on the beach, which is to DIE!! The sea was just like a war bath, very lovely. I would imagine that this resort would be amazing in December. We will be returning.	
Aug 15 2005	Building site	Basically quite decent hotel, unfortunately in the middle of the world's largest construction site. Food inconsistent, and rather unimaginative.Furnishings tend to make rooms quite dark. Afternoon tea a must. Definitely would not revisit as there are many places in the world offering better value for money.	
Jul 19 2005	Whats happened to the residence?	What has happened to the residence??? After our ninth visit we found this trip quite an eye opener. Where have all the lovely staff gone and their previously impeccable service. Maybe theve gone along with the R&amp;S manager jean Phillipe. Whats with all the kids in a supposedly adult only resort??? Dont we pay enough for exclusivity already without you bending the rules to accomodate spoilt brats. Shame on you. Sorry we wont be back! Chedi @ Muscat maybe the way forward - like dubai 10 years ago.	
Jul 17 2005	Can't spell either	Got a feeling Mr Manchester works for Le Royal Meridien but then again if he cannot spell it properly then mabe not !Quite simply faultless property and service. Certainly not Butlins as the aforementioned tried to suggest.The whole place oozes class and is as good as any &quot;One and Only&quot; property I have stayed in.SUPERB !	
Jul 3 2005	Heavenly service peace and tranquility		
Jun 20 2005	See For Yourself		
Jun 14 2005	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC	I have just returned from 8 days of sheer Luxury in the Arabian Court at The Royal Mirage. It was the most magical place I have ever stayed in. The Staff could not do enough for you and were extremely friendly, polite and knowledgeable. Despite the hotel being full we never felt as if there were too many people and certainly never had to queue for Breakfast. We tried quite a few of the restaurants and we booked them 24 / 48 hours in advance and had no problems with the reservations. I can certainly recommend Eau Zone, we went twice and Celebrities. I wasn't too keen on Nina's but then I'm not a fan of spicy food. The Beach Bar and Grill was OK but there was a lack of seafood, which was a bit odd as it sold itself as a seafood restaurant!!We mainly lounged on the beach as in temps of 40 degrees + there was a slight breeze which there wasn't by the pools and this made things a tad more comfortable. The beach staff were continually replenishing our water (with ice) and came round with fruit, cold towels etc. We did go for afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab and quite honestly after the over the top decor bordering on bad taste we were really looking forward to going back to the calm and tranquility of the Royal Mirage to our lovely room and friendly staff. Outside of the Hotel (which you may struggle to ever want to leave) I can highly recommend the Sundowner Desert Safari, very well organised and excellent value for money and the Wild Wadi Water Park very good fun although to be honest it was probably too hot at the time of year we went. We also went to the Madinat hotel, next to the Wild Wadi and had an excellent meal in a seafood restaurant called Pisces. Although very expensive I can't recommend it highly enough, you get what you pay for!!I would return to the Royal Mirage tomorrow and I'll certainly be saving for my next trip there.	
Jun 12 2005	best holiday ever	Just got back from 5 night stay at royal mirage arabian court.Have stayed in so called 5* resorts all over the world and none have come close to the standards here. The food was amazing especially enjoyed eauzone.Service was superb did not encounter one member of staff that was even slightly indifferent let alone rude. stayed at the burg for last night but thought standards and service in the arabian ciourt were better and less than half the price. It was the most relaxing holiday we ever had , maybe it was all the chillout music everywhere!Especially enjoyed the sunsets at the rooftop bar and heard the rooms at the arabian court were much nicer than the palace ones.Highly reccomended would definitely return.	
May 24 2005	The wonderful Arabian Court	What can be said about the 'Arabian Court' at 'The One and Only Royal Mirage' what has not been said in other reviews. The hotel is wonderful and all staff are ready and willing to make you feel special for your stay. The restaurants within the hotel are absolutely first class, Ninas is to die for. My wife and I ran out of superlatives to describe the staff, the service, the room and the food. I advise that if you are considering going to Dubai stay at this hotel.	
Apr 19 2005	Overall a great stay	The hotel was absolutely lovely - the design has just got to be seen to be believed and the decor has been done with real style. The rooftop bar is amazing and such a great place to chill out and have snacks and drinks. The service was very good - a bit slow round the pool to get a waiter, but not really that bad. We didn't have to wait to get a booking at the restaurants at all and service there was excellent. We went over to the residence and thought the atmosphere at Arabian court was much nicer ( though there were kids at arabian court). We had afternoon tea at the residence (which is included in the room rate for people staying there - but we paid) and the chef went to the special trouble of making scones just for us with clotted cream!If you are thinking of going - don't let the nearby Palm construction put you off - its visible from the beach - but the noise is not really that noticeable. It didn't bother us at all.	
Apr 11 2005	great hotel - especially for children	Hotel was great - we travelled with a one year old and a three year old. The creche staff could not have been better- very keen on the children, very helpful. Our one year old had an assigned lady from the creche to look after her for two hours every afternoon while we had a break and our 3 year old loved going to the activities. The babysitting worked out well and was very good valueThe restaurants were great -although we prebooked before we travelled and the bars also fantastic.We would go again - and it was nice to be outside term time as the only children were ones the same age as ours	
Mar 18 2005	I also wonder who the fool is	My husband I stayed the the Royal Mirage and have to say it was superb - like a cruise without the water!!! The staff could not do enough for you, yes the food was leisurely but hey, you're on holiday and quite honestly why not ask people to join in pool games - why not at a 5 star hotel. I have stayed at the Royal Meridien in Dubai and they too have pool games AND its a lot noisier. I couldn't agree more, its a lovely hotel but there's always someone ready to moan and complain. Try staying at some of our so-called 5 star hotels in the UK.	
Mar 7 2005	Christnmas 2004		
Feb 24 2005	A good choice for a family trip to Dubai	We stayed at this hotel over the half term week and our only disappointment was the weather. The hotel buildings were beautiful, the staff extremely helpful and the pool area exceptionally good. We did not queue for any meals, all of which were excellent and the choice of restaurants accross the three hotels was amazing. The tennis courts were very good and we were able to play tennis when we wanted through a reservation system.There are events each day for children to join in at the pool but none are compulsory and these do not last for long. My children aged 12 and 10 did not choose to join in but the pool is really large and they found plenty of space to do their own thing. I really liked the fact that there was so much space around the pool for the sun loungers and the pool staff were really helpful and attentive. The hotel is a really good choice for families. We had two rooms, which were situated together off a small lobby and were very comfortable. All the hotel rooms face the Gulf. The hotel is situated next to a large area being developed to lead on to the Palm. You can see and hear the building work from the balcony but it is not that close - Dubai is one giant building site and you cannot escape this - however you cannot hear the building work when you are out in the 60 acres of hotel grounds. The grounds were well landcaped and very pleasant to walk around. The private beach was also very pleasant.This was an excellent choice for a holiday and we will certainly be returning. I think if you are a couple considering the One and Only Mirage for a holiday, the Residence and Spa would be quieter and more exclusive.	
Feb 18 2005	Disappointed	Just returned from 1 week at the Arabian Court, 1st night had to complain about loud music. Picked the wrong week as it was half term so there were quite a few children. Room lovely. Having to queue for breakfast not acceptable for a 5 star hotel. Public areas beautiful and the staff/service generally good with a few niggles. Food ok.	
Jan 26 2005	best hotel and great service	This was the third time in dubai for us and first time in this resort. The hotel is beautiful and the staff were excellent. What can i say about the food we were on half board but you get credit for food in the other restaurants our best ones were Nina's, celebrties and the beach bar and grill at the palace. The only one which let us down was the Tagine morrocan restaurant very poor service and the food was okay very over rated they need to train the staff. We will return to this resort.	
Jan 13 2005	good value for money		
Jan 3 2005	Absolutely loved it		
Dec 3 2004	Who is this fool!!		
Oct 14 2004	Yes please!		
Oct 13 2004	A real arabian delight!		
Sep 29 2004	fabulous!		
Sep 27 2004	Great Design shame about everything else!!!!		
Sep 19 2004	A world class resort		
Aug 29 2004	Hot Dubai		
Aug 4 2004	Made to feel like Royalty!		
Jun 15 2004	Great hotel but the service could be better		
Jun 5 2004	Wonderful Hotel		
Jun 5 2004	Fabulous Hotel!!!!!		
Jun 4 2004	An Amazing Hotel Experience		
May 27 2004	The best hotel in the world!		
Oct 24 2009 	il migliore		
Oct 20 2009 	perfetto		
Oct 18 2009 	Non vale la pena mille volte meglio il Medinat Jumeirah!!!!!		
Jul 27 2009 	?????		
Jun 27 2009 	une découverte exceptionnelle		
Apr 20 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 25 2009 	?????????		
Mar 9 2009 	??????????????????		
Mar 3 2009 	????????????		
Feb 7 2009 	??????????????		
Jan 2 2009 	Formidable séjour		
Nov 15 2008 	hôtel de luxe		
Nov 5 2008 	????		
Oct 25 2008 	?????????????		
Oct 17 2008 	Merveilleux Hôtel en bord de plage		
Apr 10 2008 	incantevole e lussuoso		
Mar 16 2008 	Le chantier du Palm Jumerah gâche tout		
Mar 9 2007	luxe haut de gamme		
Mar 7 2007 	Einmal und Nie wieder		
