Jun 15 2009 	Conveniently Located Savoy	Savoy Park apartments is very conveniently located in the business district of Dubai. But the problem is there are three Savoy properties close to each other and creates confusion not only amongst visitors but also among taxi drivers.But the hotel is very neat and clean and the staff are very courteous and informative.The rooms are good sized and have all essential amenities.The resturant is conveniently located and the fare is reasonably good. On the whole a good hotel	
May 6 2009 	Very Very Nice!!!	This apartment hotel is situated in Bur Dubai and is the only hotel in that area which is suitable for business and family. The strict rule on not getting guests in the room makes it a safe place for families. Very clean and comfortable. Ideal for short stays especially while on a business trip. I personally know of people who have spent 20 days together there while searching for a house-this just goes to indicate the economy stay amidst the sky rocketing hotel rates in Dubai!!!	
Mar 28 2009 	Great place to stay	We have just had a great stay at this hotel. The room was clean, the food was good. The staff were wonderful,very helpful and kind. we would stay there again in future.Alana and John Beardmore. Cyprus.	
Apr 3 2007	Very nice and friendly!	Savoy is a very pleasant, clean and inviting hotel. The staff give very personalized service and for those that would have a long engagement in Dubai you will find yourself well treated. The room service is also very good with reasonable quality food. They also serve a reasonable breakfast. I highly recommend it.The size of the rooms and bathrooms are abit small but comfortable.	
Sep 21 2006	Friendly small hotel good value for money	I have just stayed for 2nights at the Savoy Park with my partner and 20mth old. The hotel itself is fairly basic but our room was clean (we had a studio apartment) and suited our needs of having space for our little boy to run around and a kitchen. The bathroom was only small with just a shower but that was fine for 2 nights. The staff were very welcoming and we were allowed to check in to our room at 8am when we arrived. We were supplied with a cot. WE got daily fruit platter and biscuits and nothing was too much trouble from the housekeeping staff. Our rate included breakfast which was fine, a mixture of some western and arabic food. The restaurant itself is clean and tidy and the staff were really friendly and welcoming to our child - there was only 1 highchair tho'! All the reception staff were pleasant to us and I have no complaints about any of the service we received there. The pool area was well shaded and clean, probably not that large come the cooler weather when more people would be using the pool area but suited our needs. I would stay at this hotel again if I visited in the height of summer as we knew we wouldnt be able to make use of all the facilities of the larger resorts given the intense heat. We always found it easy to get taxis to the souks and malls, just dont head to the gold souk at 6pm as the traffic was horrendous!!	
Nov 8 2009	Hotel		
Apr 27 2009 	der hit		
