Sep 23 2009 	Excellent!	I went to Dubai for a special birthday and we stayed at the Shangri-La Dubai. We stayed in a Club room and the service and room was excellent. You pay for what you get and I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 11 2009 	beautiful hotel first class service	Attentiveness and luxury seem to be the themes of this hotel. This hotel is fabulous and seems over-staffed compared to most other hotels I have stayed as there is always someone there to greet you, help you, open a door for you and make your request available at their earliest convenience. The spa and healthclub are luxurious and the pool area is like a tropical paradise, high up elevated over the desert and buildngs thst surround. A stunning view and stylish decor made my room comfortable and beautiful. I really enjoyed my stay: loved the food, spoilt myself in the spa, chilled by the pool, and enjoyed a cocktail in the stylish bar.	
Aug 26 2009 	GREAT HOTEL	A great 5 star hotel, gave us a free room upgrade with water view. Excellent included breakfast. Limited English TV channels. Desk and lobby people very helpful and friendly. Up to usual Shangri-La standards.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent business class hotel in good location in Dubai	My family and I stayed at the Shangri-La hotel Dubai for a few days on our way from London out to Malaysia. Hotel was a typical business Shangri-La hotel with high modern standards of accommodation. A short taxi ride from the airport located on the busy main Sheik Zayed Road, this high rise hotel is well located for taxi rides to shopping malls and other tourist attractions (although as with most places in Dubai you can’t really walk anywhere from the hotel, there are a few chain restaurants and small convenience shops within walking distance).This is a good modern business hotel and not a family resort, but we found it great for a short stay in Dubai with kids. Outside swimming area was relatively small but very clean and modern.Staff were professional, polite and attentive. Room was large, modern, comfortable with fixtures and fittings of a high new standard. Bathroom was especially good with a full size large bath. Room service for food was quick and good. International hotel phone calls were extremely expensive though.Arranged a ‘dune bashing’ sunset tour through the lobby tour agent. Trip was well organized and fun. Would recommend to all business travelers or those having a short trip to Dubai.	
Aug 17 2009 	Ate like pigs!	My hubby and I stayed in this hotel for a few nights back in March as a stop over to Asia and enjoyed our stay in the hotel. I initially booked a studio but upgraded to a superior room as we couldn't check it at 7 am unless we upgraded. Not sure what the difference would have been in terms of comfort between a studio and a room, but according to the receptionist, the room is much more comfortable than a studio. did cost quite a bit more though.The view was nice but mostly covered by smog or dust. We could see the al burj from the window.Room was spacious and comfortable as expected. but nothing great, bathroom was impressive though.best part of the stay in the hotel i think is the buffet in the dunes cafe. We had both breakfast and dinner there since breakie was so fantastic! best buffet we ever had, the choice was very wide ranging and very decent (we have had buffet style in different four starts hotels all over the world and this was by far the best!) We even had these yogurt style smoothie like probiotic yogurt, very nice, i tried a different style every day, more juice choice than most places. starters, main meal and deserts were excellent. i would go back just for the food!We missed breakie one morning and had a small breakfast in the lounge in the upper floors of the hotel, can't remember which floor but came with the package, again food was good, selection was small but adequate for small breakfast! Location - not bad, not that it makes that much of a difference as you have to take a cab everywhere anyway.We could have used the gym in the upper floor for free, had a very small pool, we went to have a look, it was very quiet but didn't get a chance to use it, so can't comment, view outside was fantastic though.Overall a decent four stars but i think the best thing was the food.	
Aug 10 2009 	Doesn't worse it!	Before reaching to the hotel by an hour we called to make sure the reservation on 39floor and by the time we reached the room was not ready and needed an hour! then we change it to 36floor.We took package of dining, the reservation person said the extra money will be refund back to us by 4days even it was Debit card, but on the time check out didn't agree to refund any money as it was package!!!by time check out its took half hour to get the car and no one knew where was our lounges sorry by explaining this way but really if the Thai guy didn't check, none of the Indian guys would be doing anything.The pool is too small and only 1.4m!! there isn't any one for service only 2persons inside pool bar.Most important is that does not worse the value as there is better with more amenities hotels in Dubai with same price!	
Jun 13 2009 	amazing service - as usual	as usual the shangrila ruthless and warm efficiency is on display - they are just too meticulous in their execution and delivcer it with a really stunning warmth.... as i was travellign last minute needed a visa in a hurry and foudn that they were the only guys who responded quickly, efficiently and in teh least amount of time. their delivery ws 1 day (promised 2) while teh others promised in 4 !!	
Jun 13 2009 	Shangri-la was fantastic	It was a fantastic stay in Sangri-La hotel… very nice location in Sheikh Zayed St, my room was 3608 and I love the high building,Reception and check-in staff was very aggrassive and the treat in bad way otherwise everything was great, room service were very helpful and professional, SPA and pool was great	
May 14 2009 	beautiful stay	every time i remember our stay in this hotel ,i remember the wonderful aroma they have in the lobby.stayed twice in this hotel.on our way going to lebanon and back.we had booked 2 double rooms ,cause we were 3 adults ,2 child ,and an infant.we arrived very late that night,we were told that they have a record of only 1 room.the left us waiting for over an hour waiting,while they tried to contact our travel agency.which at the time was impossible cause it was after midnight...to cut the story short,till they confirmed my kids we all sleeping in the lobby!but at the end when the manager was called he upgraded us too a marveleous suite :).breakfast is great,rooms are very clean...the concierge is 1 of the best,booked us in the best restaurants in town...i n total it started bad ,but the whole rest of the stay was great.	
Apr 14 2009 	A return visit which failed to disappoint!	A second visit to this hotel which sits at the Southern end of the built-up Sheikh Zayed Road. Retuned as last time the service set it apart from all others in Dubai having stayed at many a five-star in the city. The service is personal, attentitive and unrivalled. The hotel is spotless and rooms are modern. I challenge any who claim this to solely be a business hotel. A great gym, spa and pool lie on the third floor and it has a great atmosphere. Give me the Shangri-la over the Jumeirah group hotels any day!	
Apr 4 2009 	Very good and great rooms!	It is a very confortable and luxury modern hotel but the situation, even for business is perfect, for leisure is not really good becaus tehre are only a few restaurants and shops around.But I strongly reccomend it!	
Feb 11 2009 	Beautiful -Amazing - Fabulous !	Stayed in a suite on 41st floor and the view was amazing from all windows. The whole suite was extremely clean. The selection of L'occitane products was a nice change in the bathroom.Really comfortable king size bed. Amazing flat screen lcd tv's in the bedroom and living area. Free internet facilities.Staff were very courteous and helpful. The breakfast was also great with a huge selection of food from different cultures on offer.Also stayed in an apartment on the 21st floor( i think) and this was very nice although not as sumptuous as the suite. The bathroom goodies were Aigner in here. There was only a tv in the living area and was a slightly older type. The main bedroom was en suite with a king bed. The 2nd bedroom had 2 single beds in it.The apartment also had a kitchen with fridge cooker microwave etc. Again had free internet facilities.You have use of the private executive dining area on the 42nd floor if you stay in one of the suites. Also you check in up there and there are complimentary food and drink available. Can't find a bad thing to say about my stay 's there.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in 20th floor. The room was apartment room and had a kitchen so we could cook our meal in the room. LOLThe room rate was very good, it was include breakfast with expedia.com. (other website was not included b/f.)The breakfast was buffet style and they had all kind of foods for example Sushi, chinese, arab, western. I really enjoyed it every morning !!The hotel facility, they has nice swimming pool, spa (gym / sauna / jacuzzi).There are suttle bus service to shopping centre and the beach. you will save taxi fare using the hotel suttle bus.(be careful, in dubai you need to use taxi everywhere you go as their public transport is crap and there is no pavement.)p.sThe big bus company tourist bus 200DHS (about 35GBP) was really good. You can get the bus from WAFI shopping centre.There is free shuttle bus from the Hotel.	
Nov 3 2008 	Shangri-la was great but a bit impersonal	The Shangri-la essentially is a businessman's hotel so everything is kept very professional. The room was nicely appointed. The only problem was with the amenities, although very good (Aigner) they were highly perfumed which could pose a problem for a lot of travellers.Also, one would expect that a hotel of this caliber and price would not charge $40.00/hr to use the internet and $2.25 per piece of paper printed! It cost me $12.00 to print out my boarding tickets for my flight home!Due to the construction it is in a bit of an awkward area to get to so be prepared to pay extra for taxi drivers who don't know the area very well.Also, on a good note - the French Bakery is just behind the hotel as well as some pretty good restaurants close by - (Nandos - Portuguese chicken was really a surprise) as well as a bakery a block and a half away.Otherwise, the hotel was very quiet.	
Oct 21 2008	Bed Bugs Experience	We would always choose Shangri la Dubai for our business trips. Our recent visit (Oct 2008) was just awful! we were staying in room 3802 and found bed bugs!We complained to the hotel so they gave us an upgrade to a suite which was on the 41st floor. The suite also had bugs in the room!	
Sep 11 2008 	paradise!	excellent hotel,emirates pick up for this hotel is exclusive for the stopover program,this way you dont need to wait for a delayed flight from marrakesh for example,as we experienced before with pick up shuttles.we arrived early morning and had an amazing room allready waiting for us,even we were 7 hours before check in time!massive room,modern,still comfy.they suggested at check in to go straight to breakfast,because we would miss &quot;our&quot; breakfast next morning due to early night /morning departure.this was honestly the most amazing breakfast i ever had,beside buffet galore ,a chef would appeare frequently at the table to ask if he may cook anything for us:YESSS,he might!the building itself isnt a beauty queen,but everything inside was pure pleasure.staff,service,rooms...only minus!discussed before on TA:booked sup double room and at check in was fuss about two unmarried people of same gender have to be in a twin room....thats the point where i cant follow.religion,religion,i know,BUT:1)everyone is keen on selling me an overprized beachfront villa in dubai,2)i can get drunk in any hotel in dubai3)glossy brochures are telling me that this city is so ahead of its time,las vegas yesterday!this hypocracy just wont fit into my brain,sorry!why doesnt glossy brochure say:everyone welcome,except fags?	
Aug 31 2008 	5* all the way	A great hotel, fantastic rooms and the staff cannot do enough for you.Pool area is a good escape from the surrounding traffic and is surprisingly quiet. The spa is also well worth a visit.The only down side is the traffic, but what you would expect from Dubai.All in all a great hotel	
Jun 29 2008 	Excellent overall experience	This stay was actually my best stay in a hotel ever!I arrived really late after having arranged transfer with the hotel, about 2 am and i did not have to fill any papers out to check in but they took me directly to the room just to sign a paper and then to get to sleep in 5 minutes. The same girl was very helpful and so kind during the whole trip and asking me all the time if she could assist me.Breakfast was excellent and in my 7 nights stay it never took more than 10 seconds to order and then i never had to wait for the bill when leaving which is normally quite anoying. Food quality is alsy very high and i tried some of the restaurants and service was excellent there as well. I really recommend booking a package since i booked one that included airport transfer, laundry, internet and breakfast so you dont have to bother about extras. I also want to add that people are smiling almost all the time and that is so great and unfortunatley we Europeans are not so used to it...I will 100% come back to this hotel when coming back to Dubai even if i normally always change just to experience different hotels.	
Jun 22 2008 	great rooms great price ..	I had to stay at the hotel for the first time in dubai as I was with a group, I was really impressed with the quality of rooms and the price value for what I was getting, this is really impressive, good service and great location , this is a hotel I would choose from many other choices for business travel.a definate come back	
Jun 17 2008 	Top class hotel in the business district	We stayed at the Shangri-La on the back end of our honeymoon in the Maldives. We had 4 nights in a deluxe room on the 32nd floor. We loved the hotel for it's friendly smiling staff, to the very well appointed rooms and amazing breakfast!!!The room in particular was very modern. I loved the compact nature of the room, the bathroom was fantastic and the complementary bottled water was just what we needed after a day of sight seeing.For us we did feel however that we had picked the location wrong. If you are looking for a hotel with more of a holiday feel I would recommend somewhere on the beach or marina. We had assumed that these hotels would be away from all the action and did want something different from our trip to the Maldives by being in the city. Whilst I cannot fault the Shangri-La it was full of guests on business and we did feel quite out of it walking around in our flip flops or having breakfast with hard hitting business folks. Whilst we were in Dubai we did three trip with ISANGO which I would def recommend. The City Tour ended with lunch at the Burj al Arab. I would absolutely recommend this and compared to booking lunch seperately it worked out VERY cheap indeed. We also went to the Wild Wadi and finally a Desert Safari which included an hour of dune bashing. This I would definitely recommend.... apart from waiting at a petrol station in the middle of the blistering dessert for another 100 or so people to arrive the trip was great and ended with a BBQ in the desert with a belly dancer providing the enterainment.All in all the hotel was great (did I mention the breakfast :) but we would have prefered a hotel in the harbour area etc as this would have had the holiday feel that we wanted to continue in.	
Apr 13 2008	I loved it!	I have just come back having spent a week there with my mother and sister. I thought it was great. The deluxe room on the 35th floor had fantastic views over the sea. The breakfasts were fantastic. The pool is excellent (but get there early), but what blew me away was the service from ALL the staff, receptionists, door staff, waiting staff. NOTHING was too much trouble, and whats more none of it begrudging. (You would never get service like that in this country - even at the top!) I like that part of Dubai, very futuristic, as though each skyscraper is trying to out do its neighbour. BUT the traffic is absolutey diabolical. The sooner the metro is built the better, pick your times carefully to go into the old part of Dubai.I would definately stay there again.Oh and save up and have afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab!	
Mar 1 2008 	Out on a limb	This property is right at the far end of Sheik Zayed road where most of the new building work is going on. On approach it does not have a 5* feel being penned in by other high rise buildings with main entrance tucked around side. The problem with the location is also everything is a cab ride away which means 20-30mins cab ride for 4-5 mile journeys to downtown for restaurants and shopping.Inside it is well laid out, the rooms are well appointed although be wary of staying in room on the eastern side (looking towards downtown) because their is another tower block over looking the hotel.Food in the restaurants is very good - the buffet breakfast is excellent and so is the Vietnamese restaurant. Staff are also attentive.	
Feb 29 2008 	Good But Not Great	I stayed in the Shangri-la for 3 nights for business.When I'd booked I asked for a twin room and was informed that they didn't have any- lo and behold on arrival one was available with two queen beds.Also at booking we'd advised that we'd be arriving at 8am and the person on the phone told us that once we confirmed our flights to ring the hotel directly and advise them of our flight details to help us get early check-in. I contacted the hotel and noone could speak English enough to understand what I wanted to do- so when we arrived of course we had no room and had to wait for 6 hours until our room was ready.At the check-in desk there were others furious with the service level they were getting as well.We eventually got our room and it is was very nice. It looked out over Sheikh Zayed Rd with a nice view of the Burj Dubai tower. The beds were very comfortable and the mini-bar was well stocked. The bathroom was very nice as well, but one criticism is that the water pressure is very low so you can't have one of those great traveller showers that people look forward to.There was construction going on round the front of the hotel and this made it a nightmare to get a taxi. We had to wait up to 30 mins for a cab and I'd expect a 5 star hotel to have a much better workaround when things like this happen rather than just wait and hope that a taxi drives past.The staff were friendly enough but basic tasks seemed to take forever- it took almost 3 hours with no explanation to get an iron and an ironing board.The laundry service was good and the staff at the pool area were fantastic.At night the bars come alive and are a great place to hang out but be warned they do fill with prostitutes after midnight.There are a few restaurants in the hotel which are always busy, we wanted to try the Chinese restaurant but after getting a rude waitress we decided to go elsewhere.All in all it is a reasonable hotel for the price and a great looking property. It is very impressive to look at, however it has a long way to go service wise to be what is expected of a 5 star hotel- my experience of the service is motel level.	
Feb 25 2008	Great hotel!	We're fairly regular visitors to Dubai but had never stayed at the Shangri La before (though are familiar with the excellence of the chain through experience of their hotels in Shanghai and Singapore). This hotel more than lived up to our expectations - superb, stylish room with sea view, fantastic service from all staff, great food and an excellent location midway between the Marina/Mall of the Emirates and the Creek. What could be bettered? Well the pool gets a bit congested and gentle pressure by the door staff to use a hotel car rather than the much cheaper and perfectly civilized local taxis should be avoided. Otherwise - absolutely excellent!	
Feb 8 2008 	Good business location great service	Stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip to Dubai.Hotel is on SZR and is well located for business trips. The rooms are of a good size and bathroom is also decent size. All the staff in the hotel are very friendly and give a good service level. I didn't eat in the hotel, but there is a decent 24 hour Lebanese restaurant about 3mins walk away which is very good for snacks. The Balcony Bar is good in the hotel (and I didn't see any hookers in there as stated in another review) and the pool bar is also good for a drink. Overall i would stay here again.	
Jan 26 2008 	Return Visit	Work commitments brought me back for another stay.This time our team upgraded to the Horizon Club.I got the same type of deluxe room on the 38th floor, but this time facing the Sheik Zayed Road - altogether better than being out the back.Generally the Hozion Club experience is good. The limited choice of breakfast suited me before rushing off to work, but might not be enough choice for someone wanting a more leisurely blow-out.At busy breakfast times the staff are under pressure and on one occasion I gave up waiting for my order and walked out.There are a limited number of tables in the HC buffet area (one with a great view out to the sea) and the new no-smoking rules hadn't kicked quite kicked in meaning you could be sitting in the smoking part of the lounge.In the evening it was a good place to have a pre-dinner drink. Either help yourself to drink or ask the staff. Good choice of drinks. If anything runs out just ask and the'll refresh the limited stock on display. Some of the evening hot and cold snacks were delicious but most items on display were not popular and seemed to go to waste. Great presentation but more crisps and nuts please!HC members have exclusive access to a gym and small pool. It's empty most of the time - the main gym is much better equipped.Stay in in the HC for long enough and they get to know your name - the personal greeting from the staff is a nice touch.The food in the main restuarants is good quality and service. The Marrakech and Amwaj are espeically good. A new evening bar has been opened by the pool called Eye Candy. I really enjoyed chilling out here - outside with a shisa and cool music. It was only on this trip that I realised the Balcony Bar fills up with hookers after midnight. Weird set up where they are tolerated by the hotel but must be on strict instructions not not initiate conversation with guests.The hotel was pretty much full during our stay and when we had to extend our stay there were problems finding rooms. I had to upgrade to an &quot;Executive&quot; room at the back of the hotel. Larger in floor space but all other furniture exactly the same.Having been woken up by the mosque at dawn I then thought I heard aeroplanes taking off every few seconds. It turned out to be the lifts - the Exec rooms are all next to the lift shafts. This was costing another 700 AED per day.After 16 nights it was time to check out and move the team to the newly opened Raffles which had a great opening offer.	
Jan 1 2008	A wonderful 5 star hotel	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights at the end of August 2007, obtaining a special end-of-summer rate we found on a Dubai based website (not the hotel's). It was very hot in Dubai at that time of year and, as this was our second visit to the city, we spent most of our time at the hotel, under umbrellas around the lovely pool.It is certainly the best hotel we have stayed at. The room was large and comfortable and all the staff were friendly, professional and very attentive. The choice of food for breakfast was amazing in its variety and quality.We don't have a single criticism of the Shangri-La and would recommend it wholeheartedly.PeterWellington, New Zealand	
Nov 16 2007 	The people make the difference!	This hotel is strictly a business hotel, and I think is one of the best in Dubai. The Horizon Club Floor is worth staying at as this gives you many facilities such as complimentary internet in the business center plus many other facilities on the Horizon Health Club. So now, the details.Location:Located on Sheikh Zayed Road, being right across from the DIFC makes it an excellent location if you want to visit the banks there. Only trouble is, the DIFC is across the road, and you need to cab it there. Also, be careful during rush hour as it may take 30-40 minutes to overcome this short distance. As for Malls, I did not go shopping much, but it is easy to get to Wafi Mall and Mall of the Emirates.Rooms:My first room was a basic room. It was fairly small, and did not have a desk. I upgraded to a Horizon Club room, and this made a huge difference. It even had a desk and was much larger than the room before. The service here is also better, as you can visit, have breakfast, cocktails and relax in the club room. The bed linen is awesome, and probably competes with the Westin's Heavenly Bed. The housekeeping attendant was very helpful to ensure all my room needs were in perfect order. I'd have to commend Priya for that!Club Lounge:Like I mentioned before, the people there have been very kind and hospitable. The whole team, from the Director of Rooms, F&amp;B, Front Office Manager and the Horizon Club team (Wiwiek, Fitriani, Maria, Varun, Leah, Jhune and many others) made my stay enjoyable. They knew what I wanted to drink and how to even cure a hangover! They all make a remarkable team. As for decor, the smoking area looks very classy, with soft leather chairs and soft lighting. There is a huge sofa where you can sit and watch tv on a plasma tv.Food:I did not manage to try many of the restaurants. As it was a business trip, I only had room service and the food in the lounge. Again, there were simple, yet very good. The bircher muesli was excellent too. Conclusion:This is an excellent business hotel. I think one of the top 3 in Dubai. Although the rates are high, consider staying here. You will not be disappointed, especially on the Horizon Floor.	
Oct 27 2007 	Pleasant comfortable hotel	The Shangri-La Dubai was built on a very small and narrow site, but with all the constraints, it was designed innovatively. As a business hotel, it delivers what it promises. Nice rooms (though smallish), good amenities (all toiletries are Aigner), excellent breakfast at the Horizon Lounge, friendly staff, good coffee shop.You can't fault much, really. It is one hotel you would go back to without a thought. In its segment, it has all it takes.Good location too on Sheikh Zayed Road.Burj Dubai, the world's tallest building, which is under construction is close by and can be viewed from some of the rooms..	
Oct 23 2007	Beautiful Hotel	Beautiful hotel in Dubai. Excellent buffet breakfast, nice pool - limited seating, no iron and board in room - must be requested, unable to walk to businesses across street due to highway, complimentary shuttle to Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa with amazing beach, very attentive front desk staff. Would stay again, but very expensive as is everything in Dubai.	
Oct 12 2007 	Horizon Club Floor	Shangri La Hotel Dubai – Horizon Club FloorWe had booked 2 single Deluxe and one Premier Room on the Horizon Club Floor. Check in was at 1:00 am, and done on the 41st floor of the hotel at the Horizon Club. It was a long process, but very professional. Premier Room Horizon Club FloorThese rooms are 1.5 times the size of the normal rooms (66 sqmt/710sqft), and have a King bed, lounge area with a sofa, arm chair, work desk with ergonomic chair, mini bar area, tea and coffee facilities, lots of cupboards and a huge bathroom. The Bathroom had a separate area with a toilet and bidet. A large walk-in rain shower, a Jacuzzi bath tub and twin vanity’s. There were lots of toiletries from Aigner, including shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, soaps, toothbrush and paste, shaving foam and razor, comb, sewing kit, nail clippers, emery board, cotton buds, make up pads, cotton wool, and shower cap. Both toweling and cotton bathrobes were provided together with slippers.There was a huge fruit basket that was replenished every day, and lots of complimentary water was provided. There was a console by the side of the bed that controlled the curtains, and lights. There was a huge plasma TV screen that could be swiveled, so you could watch it from bed, or seated. The room was serviced daily, and there was a turn down service in the evening.Deluxe Room Horizon Club FloorThese rooms 45 sqmt/484sqft, and have a King bed, two arm chairs, work desk with ergonomic chair, mini bar area, tea and coffee facilities, lots of cupboards and a huge bathroom. The Bathroom had a separate area with a toilet and bidet. A walk-in rain shower, a deep bath tub and single vanity. There were lots of toiletries from Aigner, including shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, soaps, toothbrush and paste, shaving foam and razor, comb, sewing kit, nail clippers, emery board, cotton buds, make up pads, cotton wool, and shower cap. Only toweling bathrobes were provided together with slippers.There was a fruit basket that was replenished every day with the fruit of the day, and lots of complimentary water was provided. There was a console by the side of the bed that controlled the curtains, and lights. There was a flat screen TV that could be swiveled, so you could watch it from bed, or seated. The room was serviced daily, and there was a turn down service in the evening.Horizon Club Floor LoungeThe lounge area is broken up into two areas – a lounge, and a dining area. There is also a separate board room, and office with a lap top with free internet access.Breakfast was served daily until 10:30 am in the dining area. It consisted of fresh juices, fruits, cereals, and then a selection of pastries, Arabic dishes, and Asian dishes. Eggs, etc., as well as pancakes were ordered from a separate menu. Also tea and coffee (including cappuccino, espresso, etc.) were available. Service was a bit slow, as their was only one waitress who was serving at any time up to 16 people, however after she knew your preference from the first day, she would remember them for future breakfasts.As we were there during Ramadan, smoking was not permitted in the lounge area until after 6:00 pm.During the day there was always fruit available, as well as sandwiches, cakes, nuts, smoothies, juices, water and soft drinks in the dining area. You could also order tea and coffee. This was a great service.In the evenings from 6:00 pm – 8:00 pm, canapé’s were served (both hot and cold) together with nuts, olives and fruit in the dining area. Again because of Ramadan, alcohol was not served until 7:00 pm. They served some excellent Australian red’s and whites, as well as beer, spirits and soft drinks.Service on the Horizon Floor was good, but not outstanding.On the 42nd floor, there was a separate gym, and small (12 meter) indoor pool and Jacuzzi for Horizon Club Floor Guests. There was also an outside deck with sun beds. We used the Jacuzzi a few times, and each time, the trainer in the gym provided us with bottles of water, cold face towels, lots of towels and bathroom slippers. A really good level of service.DiningThe hotel had 5 restaurants, but due to Ramadan, only the Chinese and International Buffet restaurants were open for lunch service. You could order room service at any time, and when we did once, they were more then happy to serve it in the Horizon Lounge (free drinks). We did have lunch twice at Shang Palace (Chinese). Food was excellent, and very authentic. Service the first day was great. Second day they did not take the order properly, missed dishes, asked us to order desert at the same time as the main course amongst others.SpaWe used the spa several times for treatments. They were professional and provided good treatments.GeneralI had emailed the hotel before the visit and told them that granny was turning 78 during the visit, and if they could do something special for her. I also told the receptionist at check in. Nothing was done, which was very disappointing. I had also told them that she was a vegan vegetarian, and we really suffered ordering from the menu, and found that the kitchens were not too willing to accommodate any change to the menu (we offered to pay extra for it).I did ask the concierge if we could borrow or hire a wheel chair, which they whipped out in 5 minutes at no cost for the 5 days we were there. This was excellent service. Overall we did find the staff to be professional and courteous, but not quite up to the Shangri La experience.	
Oct 5 2007 	A great hotel with friendly staff always smiling and saying hello	A great hotel with friendly staff always smiling and saying hello and quick efficient service , it’s a pity the location was not so good for tourists. Having said that many 5* hotels are on Sheikh Zayed Road including the Crown Plaza, Dusit Dubai, Fairmont, Emirates Towers. I am sure that once the building work and road construction has been complete it will be better. Every evening the local businessman arrived and sat in the reception lounge to do business and the amount of Bentleys Ferrari, B M W and Mercedes in the car park were worth a fortune. The hotel operates a free shuttle bus to Mall of Emirates for shopping ( where the indoor ski slope is) , Deira City Centre and Jebel Ali Beach Resort were you can get a free voucher from reception to spend the day there with towels provided. We were in a superior room on the 38th floor well worth the upgrade. The bedrooms are large clean and have the usual bath robe, slippers, fridge, kettle and safe. Free bottled water is provided each day and you can request more should you require it. Fresh fruit was put into our rooms every day. The bathrooms are large with a separate shower and bath. A choice of pillows on the comfortable king size bed with a desk and two easy chairs. Dunes Café offer a wide range of buffet food for breakfast with many dishes cooked fresh for you from 6am till 10.30am. They then serve lunch or dinner. The Shange Palace has great Cantonese cuisine they also have Vietnamese, Moroccan and seafood restaurants. The Swimming pool is out side on top of the multi story car park, access by a covered walkway on floor 4. It only has sun beds for 50 or so guests and they provide free towels, the sun starts to shine on the pool area from 10ish. The indoor spa and health club have good facilities and provide a bath robe as well as towels. This was our second visit to the Dubai Shangri -La and when the staff recognise you they greet you like old friends.	
Oct 2 2007 	OK but nowhere near expectations	On arrival, we were allocated a room which we initially thought was brilliant given our early 8am arrival after an overnight flight - however on seeing the room it was an apartment nowhere near the luxury of the deluxe room we had booked. After 4 visits to reception we were eventually moved to the correct room at 10:30pm that night!!!! Other than that, the food was brilliant and the vietnamese restaurant was really nice and the staff all lovely. Excellent location on the main road in terms of amazing views of the buildings going up - (they work 24 hours) and the world trade centre - depends what you want, it is a city location after all - very convenient for the malls.	
Sep 16 2007 	no good at all	located in the middle of a hellish trafic jam , our room was next door to noisy drunken arab party , screams of prostitutes , insanely loud tv, drunk shouting in arabic, yes nightime ramadan in the gulf. the only pool is very small with sunbeds for no more than 15-20 tourists . I have stayed in more than 10 shangris and this was the worst, avoid like the plague.	
Sep 14 2007 	Perfect	Another faultless stay at a Shangri-La property. Large, well decorated, spotless rooms, helpful staff, amazing pool area and spa, ideal location on Sheikh Zayed Road...perfect!	
Sep 12 2007 	Outstanding!!	My hubby and I went to Dubai for my 30th B-day and our 7th wedding anniversary. The hotel was amazing! The staff are outstanding. We never once had to open the hotel door!!! We arrived at 6 oçlock in the morning and had a room booked for 14.00pm but we were so tired so we asked if we could have an early check in and after 2 hours wait we had a room . ( mind you that the hotel was fully booked and we had to wait for somebody to check out and then they went to clean the room for us). For my B-day I got a really really nice chocolate cake and card courtesy from the hotel. It was such a nice gesture. The food from the hotel was gorgeous. You had to wait a bit but that is because they cook the food good. The steak was out of this world, Nowhere in England have I had steak that good before and been quite a few places!! It is not a romantic hotel but the service and everything else is just out of this world. Ignore all the bad reviews from Shangri-La trust us you won't be dissappointed. The rooms are so spaciuos and clean and everyday we got new toothbrushes and everything. Free bottle of water free fruit. The body lotion and showergels are from the make AIGNER ( expensive).We will defenitely defenitely go back there. It was a great holiday!Shangri-La is amazing. It will be hard for us to go another hotel now as the Shangri-La will be hard to top.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great for business probably not for holiday	A well appointed hotel. Everything that a Shangi La promises at any of its locations. The fitness center is okay and the pool is more for lounging than for exercising. The hotel is more a business hotel than a property suited for vacations. It is loacated just off of the main hghway that cuts through the Emirate, but is not near any of the places that you would want to go. The Mall, the beach, and the downtown areas are all 20-30 minutes by taxi from the hotel. Additionally, the hotel has reciprical privileges at a beach hotel/club that is 45 minutes away (and I was told by colleagues, that it is a somewhat tired property too).There isn't much immediately around the hotel The restaurant served a very good tangine. The lobby restaurant served a nice turkey club too.A good place if you are looking for a very functional, efficient business hotel.	
Aug 27 2007 	Somewhat Disappointing	First problem was when we arrived at 3am and the room wasnt ready!! Had to wait for a while to get a room that was ready.Staff were good but some found it very hard to understand the Scottish accent.I also found that they were very tight with handing out milk and things for tea. The Milk was regularly off!!!On the plus side, the room was always spotless and spacious.The breakfast buffet was always full of variety but they kept trying to clean away the plates while we were still eating!!!The staff were friendly and welcoming.Ordering things by room service took ages to arriveDont know if I would book here again?	
Aug 15 2007 	Luxury Treatment	The Shangri-La Hotel Dubai was an excellent choice. Right from when you enter you are treated like luxury. The receptionists are extremely helpful. The hotel has 3 people working there whose job is just to open the door for you. The hotel room was luxurious and extremely spacious. It was a minimum price to pay for a higher floor, preferred view room, and it was totally worth it. There are many restaurants (such as Starbucks, Pizza Hut, Applebees) within 5 minutes walking distance and the area is extremely safe on the Sheik Zayed Rd. strip. Walking at night is no problem at all! The lobby buffet/restaurant is exceptional and it is highly recommended you should eat there! (Although the prices are insanely high). Taking a city tour is your best bet to see the city. You can see all the major sights within a couple of hours. A Desert Safari is a must! Taxis are extremely safe, cheap, and convenient. There are lots of taxis in Dubai and it is easy to get one on the streets. Most major shopping malls (except Mall of the Emirates, Ibn Battuta Mall, and Deira City Centre) are within a 5-10 minute taxi drive of the hotel. Make sure you see the above malls as well as Wafi City Mall and Burjuman Centre. Shangri-La has an excellent location and I highly recommend it. Right across the street from the hotel is the Burj Dubai!	
Jul 30 2007 	An Oasis in the desert	My trip to Dubai was my first to the Middle East. I wanted to stay in a good hotel but when I arrived... I realised most hotels were of the highest quality. The Shangri-La is a five star city centre hotel ideal for business trips. We went on vacation and found this hotel faultless in every since of the word. At night I walked along the cities Sheik Said Road where I found the area and environment to be very safe. The hotel's complementary bus took us to the beach, but it took over an hour to get there as we had to work our way though the city centre traffic. The location of the hotel is not ideal for tourists, we had to take taxi's everywhere but the Shangri La's services more than made up for it. The great selection of restaurants were first class, I especially can recommend the hotel's Vietnamese restaurant.The pool area was wonderful where we were looked after very well with complementary bottled water and cool face towels. Of an evening, the hotel's bar was very relaxing but very expensive, even by 5 star standards. The rooms were contemporary and had a great view over the city and desert. My only real disappointment was that I left Dubai feeling that I had not really got to know local UAE people as everyone working in the service industry were from the Far East.All said... If I ever return to Dubai, I would seriously consider the Shangri-La again as I had such a good experience there.	
Jun 25 2007 	superb	I stayed here between March 25/07 - April 2/07 this was my fourth visit to Dubai and first time in the Shangri - la, this was one of the best hotels iv stayed at.The room was excellent, well sized, massive bathroom, great leisure facilities and the staff were greatI could not fault this hotel, would recommend to any one	
Jun 11 2007 	Good business hotel - A1 location. Lacking ambiance plumbing trouble	Stayed here for four nights late May 2007. Made use of hotel limo service for airport transfer and it was worth the expense.Had requested early check-in which was provided but in the studio apartments on the lower floors, which are to be avoided. After requesting a proper hotel room I was moved to a deluxe room on the 36th floor – nice room with impressive view.Had problems with the shower (water temperature couldn’t be regulated) and the toilet wouldn’t flush. This took a total of four visits by the technical department to fix.Amenities in the room were otherwise top class except rooms are not equipped with Wi-Fi. Broadband connection by cable is provided at a rather hefty surcharge.The gym, spa and swimming pool areas worked well for me – good service, friendly staff and nice atmosphere.I found their guest service system irritating: When one calls the main guest service number and makes a request (say fresh towels) they will call you back within 15 minutes to get confirmation that the request has been completed. It’s not necessary to bother the guest for a confirmation - the relevant department should report back to guest service once the request has been completed. An ok five star business hotel but rather clinical and lacking atmosphere.	
Jun 10 2007 	A place to stay to access all areas of Dubai	We chose the Shangri La hotel for a couple of nights to enable us to do some shopping before moving on to the Jumeirah Beach area which is a little further out of town.We decided to book one of the Horizon Club rooms which was worth it. Due to our Emirates flight arriving early morning and the chauffeur drive dropping us off very quickly, we arrived at the hotel too early for check in. However, on advising the staff we were Horizon Club guests, we were taken to the 41st floor to check in just outside the club lounge. We were advised our room would be available in 30 minutes and asked if we would like breakfast in the lounge. This was a nice touch as we weren't even supposed to arrive at the hotel until after 2pm. Following a fruit/cold meat breakfast, an omelette and hot drink, we were shown to our room on the 40th floor overlooking Sheikh Zayed Road, the Dusit and the new Burj Dubai which is still under construction. We unpacked and had a look around the hotel - there is a pool for Horizon Club guests (indoor) which has sunbeds on a large balcony but no shade and is on one of the higher floors (42 I think). There is also a pool/pool bar/jacuzzi and childrens pool on floor 4 across a walkway with a lot of sunbeds and umbrellas available for use by everyone. The pool area could get quite busy later in the afternoon but there were always sunbeds available - not sure if this would be the same at peak times though. Obviously being a more business type hotel, the pool tended to be used more in the early morning or evening. The hotel lobby was always busy with people having coffee etc in the lounge and the cafe on the ground floor was nearly always full too. We particularly enjoyed the Vietnamese (Hoi An) restaurant in the hotel - the service was excellent and also went to the chinese restaurant (Shang Palace) while we were there. Again, good service, but we were never offered dessert, just coffee. I must admit, we didn't ask for one but didn't see anyone else having dessert either. The only slight downside of the stay was room service. On the first day, we left the hotel at 9am, returning at 3pm and our room had not been made up. At 3.30pm we received a phone call from housekeeping asking if they could come to do this, at which time we decided to go to the pool. We returned from the pool at about 6pm and found they had done a full evening turn down service. Obviously we still needed to shower etc before going to dinner and that meant there were no fresh towels for the morning which could be used as they normally change these at turn down. I raised this when checking out and they could not understand it. The club lounge served coffee/tea in the afternoon with small sandwiches/pastries and between 6.30-8.00 served drinks (not champagne which I've had in other club lounges) and canapes. Overall, a nice hotel and the club staff (reception and lounge) were very good. I'm pleased we stayed in a club room as this gave us the peace and tranquility needed following a heavy day's shopping!	
May 21 2007 	Simply Sublime	When visiting Dubai, it’s important to stay somewhere which is as classy as the city itself, somewhere that is in a prime location, somewhere that’s going to treat you like a star, somewhere that’s going to be luxurious and most importantly somewhere you can brag about when you get home. Where is that place? Well in our opinion, it’s the Shangri-La.This beautifully designed hotel is situated at the end of Sheikh Zayed Road, in amongst some of the largest and modest beautiful buildings in the world. At 43 stories high it offers jaw-dropping views of the city, and allows you to see just what a perfect location it is in. In the distance you can see Dubai Creek, a 10 minute taxi ride away, Jumeriah Beach is about 20 mins away, and The Mall Of The Emerites is about 15 minutes. Everything is easily accessible, and thanks to the cheap taxis, is an affordable distance away, whatever your budget.The hotel is in essence a business hotel, but it conjures up such the wrong image, so remove that from your mind. This is an executive hotel, a classy venue, a sumptuous, luxurious sleep city! From the moment you step into the opulent lobby and are greeted by around 5 smiling, happy, caring staff, you know you’ve made the right decision. Everything about the hotel wreaks class and sophistication. It is beautifully deigned, with all the little touches working perfectly to make you feel at home in a wonderful atmosphere.The hotel features a fine selection of bars and restaurants, and a world-class spa. The pool area is vital due to Dubai’s heat, and is suitably large and well designed. The attentive staff bring round drinks and fruits to help you stay cool, as you relax by palm trees on thick comfy loungers and soak up some rays.The secret to staying at the Shangri-La is to stay in one of the Horizan Club Rooms, on the highest floors of the building. That way you are treat to an extra special service. You’re whisked up to the floors private lounge when you arrive for your own private check in, when the staff will then greet you by name for the rest of your trip. Everything is thought of and done for you without intrusion, you feel like an honoured guest of the highest order.Being in the Horizan Club you get use of the club lounge throughout the day and night, offering drinks, snacks, fruit, in the evening cocktails and in the morning you get a lavish breakfast.The room are something else, massive, expertly designed and just plain beautiful. Complete with all the mod cons you could ever want (including a button by your bed to open and close the curtains) the hotel have thought of everything. A room is so much more than just a bed, no matter how large and comfy it was. It’s about a good overall design, good quality materials, well-appointed desks, chairs, sofas, and bathrooms, and the Shangri-La has it all. The mini-bar is not just a little fridge, it’s a little cocktail bar in the corner of your room, with proper plates, glasses and cutlery. It is replenished daily with water and a fruit selection.The bathroom is incredible, huge with comfy robes left for you to use. It features an oversize bath, marble throughout, a separate toilet area, a huge rain shower, and a fine selection of toiletries.I seem to get to a point in a review like this, where I worry, because I’ve not written anything bad. I don’t want people to think I’m just writing a puff piece for the hotel, ,as that’s not what this is about, I tell it like it is. So I am desperately trying to think of a few things that were wrong with the hotel… and do you know what, I can only think of two things. The first one was that one day a bottle of water that I got from the lounge wasn’t very cold, and the second is that the shower temperature sometimes changed a bit… and… well, that’s it. After a four day stay those are the only complaints I had, and do you know what? They’re not even complaints, they’re nothing, and I had to really think hard to remember them.So it’s fairly straight forward, this is a unique, wonderful, world class hotel that is simply unbelievable. It’s as close to perfection as you can get, it’s a treat, a delight and a jewel in the crown of Dubai. An executive hotel, that treats you like the star you feel you are.. what more could you want?	
Apr 5 2007 	Quality product all round...	Stayed at Shangri La on business for 3 nights. Excellent service all round and the hotel amenities were all there. Room was spacious and full of gadgets, bathroom had extensive toiletries and had a powerful huge head shower. Food from room service was pretty cost effective for a 5star property, and on time. Breakfast was OK, but 85Dhs per person for buffet - unless you're a breakfast king, being charged this for a yogurt and a coffee is a bit much, so get stuck in or give it a miss.Staff were attentive and friendly. Only gripe was on check out - their system would only accept credit cards, even though labels for debit cards on clear display at the front desk (huh?) and they had to send my bill via email as the printer had broken. But, true to their word it arrived shortly afterwards so not a major problem. Well situated at end of sheikh zayed road so easy access to jumeirah area or central dubai, but as with other reviews, the traffic is awful into deira - what could take you 10mins late at night is often 40mins at peak times!	
Mar 27 2007 	Nice rooms Expensive extras	The stay began early with a 5am arrival at Dubai airport, so the meet and greet BEFORE customs, the escort to the customs counter, help with baggage off the carousel, advice on best forex counters and the ride to the hotel in a new S class Mercedes was a brilliant start. At only AED300 return, this is a must!!Reception was too inefficient for a Shangri-la and the concierge was generally not up to standard either.I was given my room early at no charge which was great. Suit and shirt pressed within 2 hours - no problem. The room was a bit small but nicely decorated. Great views from the bath tub.Breakfast is very good. Overall a nice hotel but not a spectacular 5* Dubai experience. Whatever you do, DO NOT USE HOTEL PHONES TO DIAL HOME!!! This was VERY expensive. Also Internet use at the Business Centre was way too expensive.Not the best position for leisure travellers, but as a conference/business hotel it does the job. Not quite up to normal Shangri-La standards but a nice hotel none the less.	
Mar 20 2007 	Fantastic service	I have just returned from a weeks business trip at the Shangri-La. The hotel is excellent, with great service. I stayed on the club 'Horizon' level with its own concierge and club lounge where different food presentations are laid out each day. I was just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc., with the option of cooked eggs, omlettes etc if required. Restaurants are great. A great business hotel with a very convenient location.	
Mar 9 2007 	Not to my liking	Stayed at Shangri La Dubai, as it looked great, arrived approx 7am , as to which i had informed the hotel that i will be checking in early. They were unaware that i had made the request then i was informed that if i wanted to check in i would have to pay a full nights stay, so was advised to use spa facilities until 12pm. i was booked to stay at hotel for 3 nights (regret). finally got into the room, which i could not fault. i needed a few faxes sent so i had taken relevant info to reception - you would think it is a straight forward process, unfortuanlty not in this case. Staff assured me that the fax would be sent as it was required by a friend who was waiting at the airport who needed confirmation of her booking to get a Visa into Dubai. My friend called to say that they had not recieved anything. so i called from my room and the fax was not sent an hour later, so prompted them again, and again finally after nearly 2hours of waiting the fax was sent.Enjoyed the little time i spent in the hotel, staff in the spa area were very obliging, not to sure what to say about front line reception staff , alittle rude for my liking (as the hotel was not cheap i expect 100% standards and service)	
Feb 6 2007 	Fantastic	Just Fantastic like any other Shangri-La hotel, a very good welcome and staff are very keen to assist. Rooms are great with a nice view, modern and comfortable, the bathroom is to die for...Breakfast buffet choice is massive for both healthy and non healthy eaters. Tried the chinese, food is out of this world, staff are very hospitable but a bit more of attention to details would give it a 110%. (other two nights were invited for dinner by business partners outside) The hotel is very clean ans spotless and no complaints from any of the facilities. Try it if in Dubai.	
Feb 6 2007	Good business hotel	Very good business hotel. The rooms are very well-appointed. The layout of the toilet/wash area is excellent. I particularly liked the amenities that were provided - Trussardi moisturiser and soap. The club lounge is a nice touch, so is the gym and spa. However, my only grouse is that the login process for the in-room internet is a little volatile. If only they could have a hotel-wide Wi-Fi network, that would be perfect!	
Feb 1 2007 	Very Good but not outstanding like Shangri Las are...	Very Good Hotel. However, being Dubai I was expecting &quot;extra-spectacular&quot;, but instead got just &quot;spectacular&quot; - which doesnt stand out from the other hundred or so (?) 5* hotels in Dubai... Not cheap either.No specific complaints,other than being charged for the WiFi.Rooms are Excellent; Large, clean. modern with good bathrooms.The breakfast and International buffet is very good, and good value. Excellent food, choice, presentation and value. Rooftop pool and pool bar fine, but a tad small compared to other Shangri La hotels. Location in SZ road is OK, but not near beach or old town.I would award marks of say 10/10, whereas other Shangri La hotels are usually 11/10 !!	
Jan 3 2007 	Small details that made the difference	We visited Dubai for 5 days, encluding New Years Eve. Everything was great, from the first moment f our arrival. The staff was great, very helpfull (espessially at the reseption and in Vietnamese Restaurant), giving us all the possible information about where to go, what to do and how to get there and asking afterwards if we had enjoyed it!!! The Spa was great!!! The food very good in wide variety. Our room (30th floor) wonderfull, it was a temptation not to go anywhere else... A pity we couldn' t stay more...	
Jan 1 2007 	Well placed hotel for the city and airport but not for the beach	Christmas in Dubai was a little strange but the hotel made a great effort.Our room was on the 34th floor and like all of your other reviews we found it a lovley large room with great views and bathroom.The staff were very helpful and as we had 7 nights there we tried out most of the eating establishments all of which were very good. The best was the Vietnamese closley followed by the buffet however room service breakfast was pretty poor with cold tea and high payment for anything other than juice and bread.The spa was wonderful, pool a little small for the size of the hotel but in Decmebr it was not a problem.The main advantage of this hotel is that it is very central to most places in Dubai, OK a little way out from the beach but as we are not beach people it did not matter to us.Not sure it warrants 5 stars as we have been in 4 star European hotels with the same facilities.It was very busy with business people which seems to be its most popular selling point	
Dec 11 2006 	Go for a better one than this- at these prices it should be immaculate- it ain't	Call me a party pooper but this place is not as good, in my opinion obviously, as some write. At the 1400 AED (£200) a night price tag you should get internet for free, you don't. The service shouldn't be sloppy- it is (I am not being fussy, they are truly all a bit incompetent). From admin issues (too long to go into) to the speed of service in the restaraurants to the lack of knowledge of most employees within the hote (too many people wondering around to make it look like a high service hotel- it isn't)Food wise- i would recommended the Vietnamese restaurant and the Chinese within the hotel (both are good but service in the second is pretty poor- heard 2 or 3 tables complaining too) The Amwaj- the middle eastern restaurant is average for the price (Gordon Ramsey prices almost) for food that is more preocuppied with its esthetics than original taste. The rooms are nice and the views impressive (well as much as they can be in Dubai- construction mainly) Very dissapointed for the money it costs. When supply starts to outweigh demand I reckon they will start acting a bit more proffesional and not like they had just smoked a big riffa.	
Oct 30 2006 	Fantastic	WOW. What a wondeful stay. We had a three night stopover between Istanbul and Australia and loved it. This place is first class and proffesional. The room was fabulous on the 36th floor with views of the ocean. All was perfect. Stay there. Wisey and SueVictoria Australia	
Oct 16 2006 	Most wonderful hotel I've stay at - excellent	My friend and I booked a last minute deal through Trailfinders in London, £477 for 4 nights including flights, hotel with breakfast. We'd never been to Dubai before but after this visit can't wait to go back.We flew on Virgin and arrived at 06:40, took a cab to the hotel and were in our DeLuxe room by 9.00 after clearing customs, picking up luggage etc.Our room was on the 34rd floor and it excelled all expectations. Fabulous room, magnificant bathroom, fresh fruit, water the lot.The quality of the furnishing was excellent and the beds the most comfortable I've ever slept in.The staff couldn't do enough for us, even down to putting a bookmark in a book I'd been reading which I'd left by the bed with the page turned down - incredible.Breakfast was a feast, there was nothing you could want they didn't have. Freshly squeezed juices, fresh fruit, seafood selection, cheese, salads, wonderful breads, hot breakfasts cooked to order absolutely staggering selection.The pool, though not large, was superb with swim up bar and again those fabulous staff. Cold flannels and drinks were brought round and fresh fruit cocktails made to order for around £3:50.The buffet dinner again was staggering in its selection at a cost of £18.00 including wine! It was Ramadan when we visited and I understand the cost goes up to £22:00 but its a total bargain. The seafood selection with huge prawns could have kept us going but then there was the sushi bar, the salads, huge selection of hot food all incredible quality (I'm running out of superlatives but nothing could be faulted).The whole of the 4th floor is a beautiful spa and we treated ourselves to facials, massages which were top class. A 90 minute massage worked out to £50.00, half of what you'd pay in London for a similar experience.The hotel is situated between Deira and Jumeria so a perfect location with none of the building works taking place close by so it was incredibly peaceful.We visited the malls and the Souks all of which were an experience in themselves. The weather of Las Vegas, buildings similar to Hong Kong, shopping New York style and throw in the Bahamas and you're just about there. Incredible.I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough and can't wait to go back.	
Sep 12 2006	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in August 2006 with our 22 month old daughter. The hotel was great!Location: We found the location very convenient for accessing shopping malls, restaurants,cinemas etc. Mall of the Emirates - 15 minutes drive, Deira city centre - 20 mins drive. Taxis are not very expensive. Although it is a bit further away from the beach, so if u want to be really close to the beach this hotel would not be a good choice. The hotel offers shuttle service to Jebel Ali beach, Wafi City and Deira City Centre Malls.Service: The service was excellent to say the least. The staff made an effort to remember your name, greet you with a smile,help you in any way possible. The concierge was very helpful in getting dinner reservations, cinema tickets etc. Special mention for the staff at the main door who were very helpful, e.g helping us with the baby, shopping bags etc whenever we got out of the taxi. Rooms: They are done up really well with a modern touch. Our room was on the 32nd floor and had a great view of the city. No traffic noise although hotel is on main Sheikh Zayed Road. Bathroom was huge. Room has internet access which is free! Baby crib was provided as soon as we arrived though it was too small for a 22 month old! Food: Breakfast buffet was the best we have ever had. Have never seen so much variety of juices, smoothies etc. Ordered room service once which was average. Vietnamese restaurant was ok. All in all, one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in.	
Aug 24 2006 	Best Hotel I've ever stayed in!	Me and my wife stayed at the Shangti-la for three nights in august at the start of our honeymoon.On our arrival we were greeted by two members of staff who knew our names and congratulated us on our honeymoon. And it was the same from there on. All of the staff were very welcoming and courteous and could not do enough for us.The rooms were wonderful and also very large. We loved the bathroom. We were on floor 37 and had great views. The pool and pool bar was very good, if a little small for the hotel size. We tried the buffet restaurant which was a reasonable price and had great food (about £20 a head for unlimited buffet access and soft drinks). Again the staff were great - we were welcomed when we retunred for the second night like we were long term regulars!.For a large hotel the shangri-la has a great atmousphere and lots of sophistication.If you want to say somewhere a bit more up market away from the beech hotels and families, this is definitely the place for you. I dont agree with any of the other comments I have read on here about tourists not receiving the same level of service as bussiness travellers. In fact i think we received more attention!Stay here!	
Aug 15 2006 	Fantastic in all respects	This is a fabulous hotel. Stayed for 2 nights on stopover. The staff couldn't do enough, without being obtrusive. the rooms are beautiful, especially the bathroom. OK, drinks etc are expensive, but there are cheaper options within walking distance.Can thoroughly recommend it.	
Jun 29 2006 	Amzaing Hotel	I stayed in this hotel in March 19-20 for one night. At the check-in counter i was upgraded to a suite free of charge because i checked-in late.It was a really nice suite with details pretty much taken care of. The house was having intelligent control (climate, light, radio &amp; tv) from one single remote control next to the bed. The bathroom is A plus with signature bath tub. The bath room overlooks the surrounding area of Dubai and mosty the new Buj Dubai (the tallest tower in the world under construction). You can check the pics attached. The breakfast and lunch were just great with almost everything you look for in buffet dining.This hotel is a must to experience, but be aware that it is one of the expensive hotels in Dubai. Budget savers shall look for alternative.	
Jun 12 2006	fantastic place to stay	me and my brother stay at shangri-la.i stay many time but my brother stayed 1st time he was shocked.service/foods/room/you name it it was great.and we back again this summer too	
Mar 15 2006	Fabulous!	We stayed in the Shangri-la Hotel in October 2005.Rooms are beautiful. Very modern with an amazing bathroom. Great views from the bedroom window over Dubai.The pool area was lovely although it was very busy when we were there and so had to wait for vacant sun loungers.Breakfast from the buffet restaurant was very good serving everything you can imagine from sausage, eggs bacon etc, to cereal, toast, fruits etc.Didnt eat at the restaurants in the hotel at night, it was Ramadam and some of the restaurants were closed, however they did look very nice. Nice bar area though. All together we thought the hotel was the nicest we have ever stayed in ( both in Dubai and also the other cities in the world we have visited) and we thoroughly recommend it to other travellers to Dubai!.	
Jan 17 2006	loved the shangri la	My wife and I spent Christmas and New Year here,we had an excellent stay ,the staff couldn't do enough for us,we were on the 41st floor with terrific views,when we come back again we will stay here,but we will not be flying by Emirates airlines,when we arrived at Dubai airport to go home(UK)they informed us that they had sold our ticket to someone else,there slogan is very apt,Fly Emirates,they certainly are &quot;Fly&quot;	
Jan 10 2006 	Very Disappointed - Not a Business Hotel	I am a frequent guest at Shang properties and this one is not up to scratch. It's been open long enough so teething problems are not an excuse.I had three key issues:- even though it recently won a Business Traveller Magazine award as &quot;Best New Business Hotel&quot; the agonizingly slow speed of the in-room &quot;high speed&quot; internet is laughable.- the acclaimed (and expensive) Hoi An restaurant is a huge disappointment. The signature dish (Vietnamese prawns) were over-cooked and lacking in flavour and so was the starter. Some wine list items were not in stock- the pool area is bland and when I visited the stech of manure permeated the airThere are many luxury hotel options in Dubai but I'd give this one a pass.	
Nov 8 2005	Undecided on Shangri-La!!!!!!	I was very excited to recently book and stay at the Shangri-La Hotel in Dubai. My partner and I have stayed at some incredible 5 star hotels around the world but never a Shangri-La. I had high expectations... We stayed for 4 nights in a Horizon Club Room during the dates of 02-06 November 2005. Even though we flew to Dubai First Class with Emirates, I paid the fairly hefty rate of USD$500.00 per night... I think if it is booked in advance rates offered would be less as noted by some other people in their reviews.We arrived in the early morning with the Emirates Limo and were greeted by a number of people at the entrance of the hotel. No one however escorted us to the reception desk and we had to wonder in and ask someone where do we check in for the Horizon Club, they said take the elevator to the 41st floor, again there was no escort up to the club check in. At 1am and after a long flight a little more guidance would have been good.Check-in was swift and fast and we were instructed of breakfast the next morning etc.Our room was on the 41st floor and was impressive. Modern with a lot of storage space, large bathroom with excellent products that are refreshed endlessly during your stay with a deep bath tub and separate shower.We soon found that internet connection was complimentary and very handy to plug in our laptop with ease.Bed was very large as I would expect and very comfy. Room had nice touches like you could control curtains and lighting from beside the bed.Breakfast: Breakfast is taken in the 41st floor lounge for Horizon guests. Breakfast was very nice, fresh and a nice range. However no where near as good as other hotels I have stayed in, however certainly nothing to complain about.However the second day we had breakfast we walked in to around 9 tables dirty and not cleared. This was out of maybe 15 tables that are in the breakfast room. We took the last clear table and sat down, whilst people coming in after us had to wait and a lot of tables remained stacked up with plates around us. By the third day we were considering eating breakfast down in the main breakfast room with the other hotel guests as we are sure that it had more of a range of food etc. We always had to request eggs or an omlette from the menu and these were never offered to us and often the staff would bring you something and just place it down in front of you and walk off, without a word. This irritated me and is not what I expect in a 5 star executive breakfast room...Horizon Club Lounge - The lounge is open 24/7, the staffs are very efficient and we asked them to do a number of things from make appointments for us to looking into local information all was handled very efficiently.Drinks are available all day but only alcoholic beverages and canapés are served from 5-7pm daily. I found this odd as other executive floor lounges I had experienced served canapés and wine all day. The other thing was at 7.10pm I went to get a second glass of wine and some more cheese to find that it had all been cleared away... 7pm sharp and no more!!!!Gym &amp; Pool - Fantastic Gym facilities on the 4th floor, these are the facilities open to the whole of the hotel. Impressive Gym, new equipment, great separate changing areas for men and women including saunas and steam rooms etc. Very good facilities.Gym and small pool available on the 42nd floor for Horizon Club guests, nice views but not as equipped and no steam and sauna... so we used level 4 every day.Main pool is on the fourth floor, very nice that you forget it is on the top of the car park...Overall - There are a lot of things that I enjoyed at this hotel and a lot of things I was disappointed at. I have been spoiled by staying at such hotels as The Banyan Tree in Bangkok where the service from the entire staff is faultless...I would not stay in this hotel at the rate of $500 per night, it is not worth it, but I would use the hotel again at a better rate as other reviewers have obtained... I also would forget the Horizon club, the rooms are no better than standard rooms, you get 2 hours a day of canapes which is limited and a small executive breakfast room on the 41st room which in hindsight was not impressive. The gym and pool on the 4th floor is better than the gym for Horizon guests as well....So quite simply I remain undecided about this hotel...	
Oct 16 2005	Shangritastic	My girlfriend and I just spent 5 nights at the Shangri La and absolutely loved it. Our king sized delux room on the 33rd floor was huge and very comfortable as well as being tastefully furnished.The king sized bed was massive and very comfy, with loads of pillows, it was turned down every night and slippers and cold water placed by the bed. Fresh fruit was also left in the room every day and clean towels and robes if required.A few of the restaurents were closed due to Ramadan, but we ate two nights at the Dunes Cafe and had the Iftar buffet. You could eat as much as you wanted for under £20 a head, the food was amazing. Our deal included breakfast, which was enough to keep you going all day. The special juices served in laboratory test tubes were gorgeous and the egg chef does fantastic omlettes!Make the most of the free transport and entry to the Jebal Ali beach resort 40 minutes up the coast. The shuttle bus is provided by the hotel and leaves three times a day. Jebal Ali has a lovely beach and pool and is a great place to chill and get a tan away from the hustle and bustle of the city.If you don't want to travel the 30-40 minutes out to Jebel Ali, the hotel has a nice pool, although it can get quite busy, so get there early and stake your claim on a lounger!Having only paid £555 each, inclusive of flights with Emirates, this trip was a bargain and I have no problem recommending the Shangri La to anyone, it's a real gem of a place, very friendly service, great food and classy rooms.	
Oct 7 2005	wow what service	wow my husband was on business and I went along. the hotel is lovely but the service is out of this world. splash out and go for the horizon level where the staff are simply wonderful. The club lounge is wonderful as is the food. You even have your own pool and gym on top of the 42nd floor.	
Sep 17 2005 	Great hotel without the Dubai tack	Stayed here for a fortnight in July whilst working in Dubai and loved every minute! The Shangri-La is right at the end of the (what is currently at least) hotel row on Shk Zayed Road, but as others have said, taxis are cheap whether you're heading out to the malls or into the city.Rooms - Well I had a standard room on the 33rd floor with great views thru the floor to ceiling windows. It was immaculate and couldn't fault it at all - had a range of lighting options, good set of TV channels, the biggest bed I've ever slept in and loads of wardrobe space. The desk area was comfortable and had free broadband internet access - useful when working away. The bathroom was massive! With a huge tub, and seperate shower cubicle with multiple shower heads. Another plus point is the great toiletries that Shangri-La put in the bathroom - much better than the usual hotel basics.Dining - I only ate a couple of evening meals in the hotel, both in the Chinese restaurant and Dunes; the buffet restaurant (where you also have breakfast in a morning). Overall... well the quality was good - nothing hugely adventurous, and it is a little on the expensive side. I did fall in love with the chocolate fountain in the dessert section of Dunes however! The range at breakfast was huge, and the pancakes with maple syrup were to die for!Leisure - Used the gym and pool a few times. The gym has a large range of equipment, all well maintained, and also has squash courts for the more energetic. My only complaint was that the sauna and steam room (in the men's section at least) were fairly small. The pool is beautifully landscaped with a range of seating areas and really nice hardwood loungers and furniture - it was easy to forget that it's all built on top of the car park!Service - As with all Dubai hotels, service is of a high standard. The little touches were nice - my laundry coming back wrapped in tissue paper in a bamboo box, with an orchid inside was a surprise. Overall - A great hotel if on business - having a nice large, comfortably furnished room is great to come back to at the end of every day. If you want to spend time at the beach, go to one of the Jumeriah hotels. If you're happy with a pool and seeing the sights instead, then I can't imagine there's any other hotel in Dubai that offers such a good location and facilities.I had to go back a week later and sadly stayed in the Towers Rotana (a couple of doors down) - believe me, the contrast was not enjoyable.	
Sep 14 2005 	Good for a short break	Firstly, I would love to have given this hotel 5 stars. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because they forgot to come to the airport to pick me up on the day I arrived, despite me having arranged it with them. After a lengthy phone call with the hotel front desk, and speaking to about 4 different people, I was advised to just get an airport taxi to the hotel! This cost me 40 AED, as opposed to the 120 AED that the hotel transfer would have cost. It was not a big issue, but did overshadow my first impression of the place.The taxi incident was however soon forgotten and the remainder of my 3 night stay was completely faultless in every way - the staff, service, food, rooms, pool &amp; spa were all wonderful. As you would expect from a Shangri-La, the decor is tasteful luxury, done to perfection. This is in stark contrast to some of the glitzy tack that you see in other more famous Dubai hotels!I was in Dubai on business, and I would say that this hotel is perfect for a business trip or short weekend stopover where you really are not that bothered about moving too far from the hotel. The location is away from the beaches near the business district, however there is a fantastic rooftop pool and adjoining spa in the hotel which I used extensively in my spare time. Taxis in Dubai are however cheap and plentiful, and you can be at the creek or the beaches within 15 minutes from the hotel if you like. The Deluxe rooms come with free internet access (LAN point) which came in very useful.Would definitely return on business or leisure!	
Sep 2 2005	Business Hotel	My wife and I booked an apartment at the Shangri-la. Room was OK with a Microwave, small fridge and electric hob. The bathroom was shockingly small. The bathroom is much bigger in the standard room but no kitchen - which we would not have used anyway! We decided to upgrade to a premier room with it's own Jacuzzi. This room was fantastic but cost us an extra AED300 per night. We also got access to the Horizon club which serves free alcoholic drinks between 5.30 and 7.00pm as well as canapés. Not many people used this though so the place lacked atmosphere.Breakfast was great - eggs, waffles and pancakes made to order at the open kitchen.There were limited leisure traveller and the focus is on business travellers. This became even more apparent when we went for a meal at Jumeirah Beach Hotel (Go West). This place was full of people on vacation and the place was very lively with great atmosphere!Facilities are good. Jacuzzi, Steam, sauna, outdoor pool large gym and Squash court. They also have a small indoor pool for those staying in horizon club rooms.Staff were very friendly and the service was great. Highly recommend this hotel but on my next visit I would probably stay at Jumeirah beach hotel for its atmosphere!	
Aug 24 2005	Fantastic room and friendly staff	We stayed at the Shangr-La Hotel in Dubai from 4-11 August 2005. We upgraded our room when we got there to a Horizon Ocean View Deluxe which was definately worth it. The room was fantastic with breath-taking views, the service was impeccable and the staff were very helpful. Definately reccomend it!	
Jul 10 2005	Good but leisure travellers should not bother with the Horizon club	Just got back from a week long stay at the Shangri-La, we stayed in a Horizon Club room, we now in hinsight as leisure travellers should not of bothered and just gone for a deluxe room as we felt that if you are not a business man in a suit-Horizon club staff dont really want to know you. Also we arrived for breakfast a few mornings to find the staff clearing the food away half an hour before breakfast was supposed to finish! not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The pool is beautifully landscaped and the staff there was friendly, the Dunes cafe buffet is also outstanding and great value for money, the actual location of the hotel is not great but taxis are so cheap we did not feel the location affected our holiday.	
Jun 29 2005	A bit of a disappointment	Whilst our travel agent had prepared us to be wowed by this hotel, I was, overall, just a little disappointed by my stay here. The location, firstly, is on a busy highway connecting downtown Dubai with the beaches and Dubai - a long stip of skyscraper office &amp; apartment blocks and hotels, with an assortment of fast food outlets on the ground level of these. Whilst the hotel did have a lovely spa area &amp; a very well landscaped pool deck, the location just left me feeling like I was staying 'nowhere in particular'. This was not helped by the fact that the hotel's complimentary beach &amp; mall shuttles ran very infrequently, although taxis are thankfully plentiful and cheap.The bedroom was very well appointed - large and airy, with a huge slate-tiled bathroom and a stunning view of the coastline some 2-3 miles away. Modern in design, the room could, however, have been almost any room in any modern hotel. It lacked character and some two weeks on I am struggling to recall the decor.The hotel featured a number of upscale restaurants in the public areas which span the first 4 / 5 'balconied' floors of the building. We only took breakfast in the property - a very good buffet with dramatic theatre-style cooking of speciality items such as omelettes and waffles. The service was not as friendly as we received during our stays in other UAE hotels, but no less attentive and polished.Overall a reasonably safe bet for a couple of nights stay - but just lacking the 'X' factor for me.	
Jun 27 2005	Better than most of the beach hotels!!	We have just returned from a true 5* experience at the Shangri-la Dubai. We booked it with Emirates as a stop-over package on our way back from Mauritius and got an amazing deal compared to the normal rates!We have also stayed in the Jumeirah beach hotel and this hotel easily matches it's very high standards! If you go here you wont be disappointed. This hotel has an excellant location on the sheikh zayed rd and is equidistant between the city &amp; karama (for all that shopping) and jumeirah beach (for visiting other hotels etc-well worth it!)The rooms are beautifully furnished just as pictured with the most amazing bathroom! We were perched up on the 29th floor with a sea view which was also very nice.The pool is great! One of the biggest out of all of the city hotels (free-form with palm trees and a swim up bar.) with plenty of sun beds to go around.This hotel is a little gem as alot of people would class it as a business hotel due to its location, but we were more than happy spending 5 days of our holiday there!!All in all a fantastic stay and we will be staying again in the future!!Enjoy	
Jun 6 2005	Luxurious Shangri-la!	We have just returned from a week at the Shangri-la Dubai, a true 5* experience! We had a super-deal with Emirates Airlines stopovers and only paid Euro 150.00 per night, including buffet breakfast (and what breakfast!!!) for 3 people, service and tax. We have a 3 years old daughter who has been to Dubai 4 times before and she really enjoyed staying at this hotel, being on the 38th floor, making use of the superb pool and fantastic beach facilities (included in your room rate!) at the Jebel Ali Resort. Frequent transportation to and from the beach is also included, as well as free rides to the best shopping centres. The hotel was even able to provide a complimentary pushchair for her own use throughout our stay. I was there for business and loved the complimentary use of broadband internet in the room, the size and decor of the room, the huge and perfectly appointed bathrooms and the convenience of the location. They also have great restaurants there (Moroccan, Chinese, Vietnamese) or you have the convenience of a number of very good (and very reasonably priced) restaurants at your doorsteps. I have stayed at many 5* properties worldwide, but found the Shangri-la Dubai to be one of the very best. Dubai is full of unbelievable hotels: give the Shangri-la a try and we are sure you won't be disappointed!	
Apr 3 2005	Great Emirates Stop-over	We stayed here for three nights on a stop-over with Emirates flights from Singapore to Glasgow. This resulted in much reduced room rates. The hotel itself was up to all my expectation of a Shangri La establishment - a big beautiful room on the 30th floor, with fresh fruit, including stuffed dates. The breakfast was excellent, including a huge selection of fresh fruits. We ate one night in their Chinese restaurant - had a great meal, and two days later we met the Maitre Di from there, outside, and he greeted us by name, to ask how we were enjoying our visit. The hotel is not at the beach, which was not a concern for us, as we just wanted a taste of Dubai. Getting in to the old town was only about a five minute run in a taxi, and they are so cheap, that even a trip out to the Emirates golf course, about half an hour in the traffic, was less than £3. One coming back, which gave us a detour by the Burj al Arab, to allow me to take pictures, was less than £4, and the driver so friendly.Two other ideas for meals I would recommend are the Noodle House in the Emirates Towers, and Spectrum on One in the Fairmont. At the latter, we were approached in the bar by the receptionist, to advise us that if we went in to eat before 8pm, there was a 41% discount on the food- which there was - a choice from 8 different types of kitchen- superb.	
Mar 23 2005	Superb! Fresh and very friendly.		
Mar 20 2005	business or leisure		
Mar 17 2005	Great business hotel		
Mar 17 2005 	Was I in Dubai?		
Feb 13 2005	Absolutely fabulous		
Jan 24 2005	first class hotel		
Jan 18 2005	Very little to fault.		
Dec 10 2004	Heaven in the desert		
Dec 2 2004	fantastic hotel		
Nov 2 2004	Paradise in Dubai		
Oct 25 2009 	?????????		
Jun 15 2009 	Gutes Business Hotel		
Dec 27 2008 	????????????		
Jul 26 2007 	Shangi-La empfehlenswert		
May 23 2007	Hôtel de grande qualité au service personnalisé		
