Nov 16 2009 	Lacks Soul	Large comfortable rooms but designed for recreational rather than business use - lighting could be better. Colleague had internet problems in room and had to use business centre - not convenient. Dining options very limited so ate elsewhere. Friendly desk/bell staff and good value for money but somehow cannot see myself staying there again. There was no buzz at all.	
Nov 3 2009 	Better than expected!!	I agree with the comments that this is NOT a five star hotel!! However, we were given FIVE star treatment throughout!! We arrived six hours before we were due to be given our room, but they decided to release the room early and upgrade us. The room service was very good and we were replenished with water every day. If requested they gave us additional water. The cleaning was excellent and the beds were extremely comfortable. Yes, i agree that the breakfast could become repetitious, but for a short break it offered good value and choice.The hotel is centrally located . It is on Kuwait road which is approx 1/2 mile from the main monorail station and main attractions.I will definately recommend and revist this excellent 'four' star hotel if i return to Dubai.Only one negative: The windows near regular cleaning.	
Oct 11 2009 	Average hotel	I wouldn't really recommend this hotel and wouldn't return there. The rooms were comfortable but the housekeeping were not consistent with cleaning and replacing water etc. The interior of the hotel was clean but the decor was garish and the staff were fairly unhelpful. The pool was small and there is a serious shortage of sun loungers to use. Also, the health club changing facility is very small and there is only one shower to use. The buffet breakfast was disappointing and was not representative of a four star hotel. The only plus side is that there is a free transfer to and from the Jumeirah Beach Resort and Park. The hotel was also in a good location for access to all areas of Dubai.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Hotel/Great location	I don't know which Dhow placae hotel the guy who reviewed this hotel, and complained about the hookers stayed in, but it was not this one.This a superb hotel, we arrived almost a day early, and had booked a captains suite, we were upgraded to the larger Commodre suite, and WOW what a big hotel room, 2 bathrooms, living room, dinning area, and massive bedrom, with spa bath.The spa did not work the first time we tried it, but was fixed with in 2 hours, the location is very central, 15/20 diharam taxi ride to anywhere in Dubai. Great breakfast too.The only slight moan, was the water in the bath was a bit cold	
Sep 26 2009 	More than WOW!!!	I have stayed in most of the 5 star hotels in Dubai including Radisson, Shangri-La, Rotana, Hyatt besides few more. This time, I was set to stay in Jumeriah Emirates Tower at Sheikh Zaiyd but due to Eid I could not get a confirmation from my favourite website (asiatravel.com) and I booked Dhow Palace virtually 40 minutes before flying off to Dubai. And I am so glad I did!Dhow has clearly offered the best value for my money and is amongst the few hotels that serve great food too. When I checked in, due to eid season, there were lot of guests at the reception but thanks to Mr. Juned Syed (the Duty Manager), check-in was 2 minutes deal all in all. I had booked an Admiral room (720) which was quite spacious, rich in decor and gave a very warm feeling. I was at Dhow for first time and still the staff always greeted me by my name each time I passed by.Ordered room service and loved it, so much that even made a repeat dinner order through the room service. If you have been to Dhow and are not eating in the hotel, you are missing on some of the best kept secret recipes in Dubai. The serving size was amazing, I could not handle it all by myself in one go to be honest. Dhow had a theme of a ship which really makes it different from other “theme-less” hotels. Even the staff is in navy uniform and I wish my kids were accompanying me, they would have really enjoyed it too. I must say from the bell boy to front office to room service to hotel driver DHOW was a very well orchestrated fine music and a smooth sailing. There is something special about DHOW and Captain of the ship (GM) and his entire team deserves to be commended for going really an extra mile in customer delight that I felt each moment of my stay. Location is great, my previous stays were in Sheikh Zaiyed, Marina and one in Deira but the real fun and happening of Dubai down town is where the DHOW is strategically situated (in Bur Dubai). A new space theme park by the name of “Zabeel” for kids has recently been inaugurated (Sep 2009) which is virtually few minutes drive away from Dhow Palace.I finally have found a hotel that I can always come back to in Dubai. Strongly recommend this for families with young and small kids, couples and even solo travelers. Thank you Dhow Palace!	
Jun 17 2009 	great stay	Last week prior to my business trip in Dubai, i read some of the reviews below and i have to admit i was concerned. We arrived at the hotel without a reservation and i was pleasantly surprised at the 400 dhs a night rate we were quoted. I found the rate a sweet deal. Its nice to see Dubai on the cheap for a change. The internet, is not smoking fast, but on average i have about 30 MB of emails running through my outlook and it seems to be moving along just fine. I hope the link works. [URL=http://www.speedtest.net][IMG]http://www.speedtest.net/result/497649309.png[/IMG][/URL]The room itself is very clean, everything is servicable. I had a problem initially with the internet, only becouse i did not know where to plug it at. I called reception and I timed it, 3 minutes 45 seconds the IT guy was at my door. He had it fixed up a few minutes later. The bed is comfortable. The flat screen could be a bit bigger, but no problems viewing the news on the BBC. Prostitutes, none that i have seen. I made a special trip to the bar last night to see if it was true. Being me, i asked the bartender for any &quot;Lady Action&quot;, the Phillipino drew me a map to a different hotel. No, i did not partake..... The bar was good, drinks were a solid pour, about 6.00 US for a drink, some where around that. Lots of TV's, they had the cricket on last night, i don't really understand Cricket, but i managed to strike up some conversation. All and all, not a bad time. I have eaten at the Dhow cafe twice now, runs about 97dhs for the brunch. Tonight i am going to try the Italian place, i think its called soho. I have a coupon for 25% off they gave it to me when i checked in the hotel. We booked a car yesterday evening, with a driver.... Car showed up on time, kudos to the staff for setting that up for us. Some of the resteraunts are closed, so being me, i peaked my head in, they are doing construction in two of the spaces. Which if you know Dubai is actually very normal. The hotels here seem to reinvent themselves every few years. I guess it keeps it fresh. There is a nightclub in the basement, i am a bit old to be hanging out in Disco's, but i popped my head in. The bartender said it was &quot;House&quot; music, i enjoyed my jim beam and coke, paid the tab and retired while my ears were still in tact. I walked up to the pool a few minutes ago. Nice chairs, they have a deckhand (a little Dhow humor) who was dishing up the water. I tested the lounge chairs out, nice view up there. You can see most of Dubai from the roof top pool. I took some photos, but my blackberry is failing me. The steam room looked interesting, they have a beauty shop, i may have to get in to see what they can do with my ugly mug. lol....Maid just cleaned the room, she left me 4 bottles of free water, changed the sheets. All and all i give this hotel an 8 out of 10. There are families staying here, everyone seems pretty happy. If i had not actually stayed at this property before, i would have picked another hotel, i just could not believe all the bad reviews. All is well in Dubai.....	
Jun 16 2009 	Centrally located	Good locations and very central.. Good value for money.. Even though they advertise, this is not a 5 star.. good rooms and food..	
Jun 6 2009 	One of the better hotels in the main city	My stay at the Hotel was for 5 days during Aug 08.From the pick up to stya at the hotel my stay was quite smooth. Also the food &amp; the breakfast spread was really good &amp; the best part is that the hotel is near by my office(Standard Chartered Bank).So over all i am pretty satisfied by the hotel services.I am planning my stay again in the same hotel in this month.	
Jun 2 2009 	Ooops	Service &amp; Hospitaility in Dubai is pathetic. Room Cleaning is badly done, no water is served during breakfast...... The list is endless	
May 6 2009 	superb food grand lobby	superb hotel, excellent rooms, nice indian food too	
Mar 7 2009 	Stay Away	Very poor hotel which contradicts the four stars awarded. Rooms dark and gloomy. Musty smell throughout, windows did not close properly and there was a general drabness despite the relative newness of the building. Do not believe the website - pictures can tell a thousand lies as well as stories. Room on arrival had no bathrobe, towels, slippers or stationery. To top it all there were no items in minibar but it did have the previous occupants half eaten sandwich and leftover KFC coleslaw. Even with constant reminders I never did get all of the missing items. Bathroom floor remained dirty throughout the stay.	
Mar 5 2009 	Hotel FAIL. Completely Avoid.	First time poster and this is a review I felt compelled to write while still staying at the hotel itself. It has been one of the worst hotel experiences of my life. First of all, I am generally pretty laid back about hotels, but enough has happened this week for me to sign up for a Trip Adviser account just to relay my experience. This is NOT, what-so-ever, by far, even in a fairy tale, a Five Star Hotel. If I didn't see it myself I doubt anyone would believe this experience as it seems like something you would only see in a comedy at the movies.Background: We are traveling as a large group with an 80 room block for business travel. I arrived a night early for a 8 night stay.Room: When I first arrived, I walked by the 5 Star rating outside the hotel. I thought I would be impressed. The room they gave me was a box with no windows and with the internet connection not working. Thinking the cable was unplugged from the wall, I went behind the desk and found an open box of condoms. They quickly upgraded me to the only side of the hotel that actually has nice rooms (the front) and apologized. Room was nice, but the cleanliness of the room left much to be desired. But at least the internet worked at blazing fast speeds of 56KB per second.Restaurants: Half of the restaurants are closed. They website lists six, but all are closed except Docklands, the Italian place, the Indian place, and the bar. They even list signs to these restaurants and their operating times in the lobby on an electronic display. Clearly this hotel has zero attention to detail if you cannot even delete the restaurants from your electronic screen placed at the front of the hotel.Internet and Business Center: They charge you $27 a day to use the internet at speeds slower than a 56KB modem. Completely and utter rip off. We tried to “rent” a projector but they said we could only buy one instead. In the hotel book it says &quot;A/V equipment can be rented at our Business Center. Please contact our Business center to arrange your requirements.&quot; We called back and mentioned this and again they said they could only have us purchase a projector. Finally, we had to print pages for a business report, I asked where the nearest Kinkos/FedEx or printing location was. *blank stares from the staff* They finally printed it themselves and charged approximately $1 USD per page. Concierge: Complete Clown Show. First, When we first arrived they pointed us to a bar a 10 minute walk from the hotel that was full of prostitutes as &quot;the place to go&quot; that is close to the hotel. Second, I tried to get several tour bookings through them and even tried to set up a golf tee time. Each time the &quot;concierge&quot; handed the phone to me and I had to talk myself to make the bookings. I finally gave up. Others in our group had similar incompetent experiences with the concierge. It was joked that they might have trouble booking us a glass of water through their own room service.Security: First story: When locked out of my room, I had to get a new key. I went up to front desk and asked for a new key. They gave me one without asking for an ID. Second story: This is might be a five star hotel if you are a sex tourist perhaps. It seems the ladies just walk up to your room and come on in. To make matters even more comical, one of my business partners had two prostitutes ask for the key to their room at 3 AM because they had left something in the safe the night before. They walked in on the sleeping woman and woke her up to have them check the safe. She took a photo just to prove she was not making up the story. She later found out that the ladies handed out a room key without ID. To test the theory, two days later, she went up to the front desk and directly asked for the key to hey room from a new manager. The manager started to hand over the key without checking for ID, until she asked if they were forgetting something. Final story, While having beers late one night, the “night club” they had downstairs clearly had some very colorful individuals walk through the hotel. Location: Horrible. Construction is directly on the right side of the hotel. Most of the rooms have zero view if they have a window at all. The location, as we found out, is in a more seedy area of the city. To get to Atlantis or downtown the cab drivers knew where to go better than the cars and drivers that the hotel used. They looked nice and the cars were better than cabs, but each time I was in one of the cars, I questioned if the driver really knew where we were going. In one instance, he dropped us off ¼ mile away from the location we asked him to drop us off at. Straw that broke the camel’s back): Having come back from a business tour, I headed across the street to Burger King with a friend and we came back to the hotel. Sitting on one of the tables in the lobby not associated with any restaurant we were relaxing eating our food. The head manager walked up and asked us if we were guests and asked us to take our food to our rooms as outside food was not allowed in the lobby. I wouldn’t have said anything, but I felt that this hotel had too many problems for this to be a true concern and they did not have any signs posted. He proceeded to argue with me even though I had asked that they make an exception. Completely flabbergasted we both headed to our rooms after having been scolded like we were in high school by the manager. Is this truly how they treat their paying guests?Final verdict: Between complete lack of customer service, location, value, security, and general feeling the entire week, I would give this hotel one star. Why one star? They at least had working toilets. Do not come to this hotel.	
Feb 28 2009	The friendliness and theme	Great service, beware of offers for Desert Safari outside the hotel. I would advise booking that with a company like Arabian Adventures who we booked with through Emirates. They did airport pick up and drop off which was very convenient. The actual rooms in the hotel are spacious and the room service is excellent. There are 6 restaurants but didn't even get time to try them as there was sooo much to do.The gift shop has reasonable souvenir prices and breakfast was buffet with a good variety of hot and cold food.	
Jan 28 2009	BAD experince	it was the worst hotel i ever stayed in... the room had no window! it was simply like jail... plugs ( electrical and internet) were not working! when we complained none bothered!dont ever think of using it	
Dec 17 2008 	A bit ropey	Tired, a bit grubby.Unambitious 'dhow' themed / gaudy interior adds to the overall unpleasantness.Public areas feel a bit civil service.	
Nov 24 2008	Lovely hotel	We stayed at the Dhow Palace for 2 nights and loved it. Our room was very large and comfortable with a kingsize bed, leather sofa and coffee table. The buffet breakfast was excellent - great choice of food and well cooked - and the staff were pleasant and helpful. We had an excellent dinner at the Indian Restaurant in the hotel. The view from our bedroom was not great. We overlooked a construction site but then Dubai seems to be one vast construction site. We did have trouble finding taxis even outside the hotel as apparently there is a great shortage of taxis everywhere. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good with Some Bad Points	I stayed there for business for 7 nights. I booked for a deluxe room and they kindly upgraded my room to the admiral room.The rooms are clean but the decor of the room and bathroom was not that good. The view was not good too. Most of the staff were friendly. The swimming pool was under maintenance (roof top).The location is in a relatively quiet place. The major problem was finding taxis especially from 5 to 8 PM. which was really annoying. Bur Dubai is in the middle between Deirah and other parts of Dubai.Compared to the high rate (~1700 Dh), I think one can find much better hotel but the business event I attended took place in this hotel and the transportation in Dubai is clearly a problem, I had to stay there.So if you have a car and got a better rate than I had, then it'll be OK to stay in this hotel. Otherwise, better spend money on other much better hotels.	
Aug 27 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in Dhow Palace for a week, very good hotel considering the price. The only problem is getting a Taxi. There are hotel taxis available all the time but they are very expensive. If you had any problem go directly to the duty manager we found this very helpful.	
Aug 1 2008 	Great value for Money!!!!	Extremely cheap, all the staff were friendly, the breakfast was lovely, I mean lovely. I dont know why all these people are saying its hard to get a taxi becuase as soon as you approach the hotel entrance the staff run out in the road an get one on your behalf - so thats rubbish, that service was great. The rooms were lovely, A/C was good, the cleaner came 3-5 times a day, towels replaced daily and water. The hotel was very nice. The POOL, this is the only disapointing factor, its small, really small, and you have to pay room service prices at the pool. All the staff were so friendly. No tea or coffee facilites in room though. The oriental restaurant in the hotel is one of the best I have ever been to, they cannot do enough for you - fantastic. There is a bus facilty to Jumeriah and Emirates Mall, but I got the impression the hotel does not like to tell guest that (free of charge). I would stay there again, no problem, but would go to the hotel direct as we paid 499AED per night and our friend who walked in from the street was quoted 1999AED per night (and its certainly not worth that)	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Hotel at a reasonable price.	I stayed at the Dhow Palace hotel for a week in June 2008. Relatively new hotel with good amenities...Everything in a standard 5 star hotel. Nothing to complain about. However, it would have been nice to have a tea/coffee maker in the room..Two complimentary bottles of water every day was very welcome. If you plan to stay at the Dhow Palace, you would need to set aside additional funds for travel as Dubai taxis are very difficult to come by. If you take the hotel taxis you would have to pay double the fare charged by Dubai Taxis,,,but this is a small price to pay considering you are in a Desert Enviro and at times impossible to walk on the streets due to the heat...The Hotel Help desk are very accomodating and the Food at Docklands was very nice...Try the Steak house too for good steaks..	
Jul 25 2008 	Helpful staff	My wife and I've just returned from a trip to dubai to celebrate our annevairsery, we have stayed at Dhow Palace Hotel. The hotel is well defined 4 stars and we have never experienced such incredible service from cooperative and nice staff. our booking was a regular room and at the time of arrival they have surprised us with a wonderful upgrade to commodore suite. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel (in its category) we have ever stayed in.	
Jun 24 2008 	good service	I stayed 10 nights and the hotel was pleasent, it gave value for money, there was a vast choice of food in restraunts. Service was excellent, i didnt encounter any problems and the staff were very friendly and helpful.To catch a taxi , we found it easy to catch them from the rear exist across the road, but there are private taxi's which are part of the hotel which are a bit more costly then the public ones but you get a more luxury transportation.The rooms were cleaned and bedding changed 2 times a day Rooms are a bit dark but we were hardly in the rooms so it wasnt an issue.10mins walk from burjuman mall,bad point - there is construction starting next door-, so make sure you let the reception know you want to be on the other side of the building.swimming pool is tiny.Overall I had a good experience in dhow palace hotel and it provided a good 5 star service.	
Jun 7 2008 	Would Not Stay There Again	Stayed here on our stopover from Maldives back to San Francisco. The only positive remark that I have about this hotel is the food. Tons of choices and the in room dining was delicious. If anyone has ever traveled to Dubai you know that the times are really erratic for flights leaving and arriving etc. We had a stopover on the way to the Maldives and on the way back. Our first stopover the experience was wonderful because the hotel that we stayed at allowed us to checkin early at around 8 am and without us even requesting an upgrade or telling us they were unable to accommodate us at this time (because they didn't have the room category that I paid for available) upgraded us so we could rest. Most hotels in Dubai will accommodate you but this hotel on the other hand is a real stickler for checkin and checkout times. The lady at the desk was so outrageously rude to other members of the staff in front of us, that I was actually appalled. Then she wasn't pleasant to us either. After grumbling about the fact that we were here early all she could is give us a room is a lower category. We were like fine it doesn't matter because we just needed to rest for a 3-4 hours and then leave. The room she gave us had no windows so it felt like a jail. Very small to the point that our bathroom door wouldn't open all the way because it was hitting the toilet. A design issue? I think so. Room Itself: I just felt gross being inside the room. There was funny smell to it, the lights were dim in a room that already felt claustrophobic due to no windows. I have no idea who gives hotels their official rating because hands down this is not a five star hotel. I repeat absolutely not a five star hotel. Can't stress that point enough and it wasn't cheap either. If I was to compare it to a hotel in the United States it is probably more on the likes of a La Quinta maybe, 2 to 2.5 stars at best. The rating for this hotel should be revised. The only reason we stayed there is the first place was because we wanted to be closer to the airport. Big Mistake and will not be staying there ever again and please take the reviews of this hotel seriously, It is truly not a five star hotel in any category except for food.	
Jun 7 2008	Nice but .....	Our family has just back from Dubai for my husband business trip. We got viceroy suite. Roomwise it's so HUGE ( with capital letters ) and it's very beautiful. It's 100sqm, with separate dining and living room, 1 outside toilet and a jetted tub in inside bathroom. However, I feel that it's a little bit untouched. When we checked the room for the first time, some lamps were not working, the TV set in the living room wasn't working, the toilet spray was leaking. But they fixed it right away the next morning. Breakfast were fine. No complaint about it. Al Madina supermarket is just 2 minutes away to the left. We can get pretty much everything, including my infant milk. The first and major but is taxi. Definitely an issue. This hotel is situated in the quiet road, you will need some time to get a taxi. Just make sure you look around and check who's standing there before you. On our 3rd day, one hotel guy with black suit cut our line twice. It seems that he wanted anyone who asked him for a taxi got a taxi first. And thinking those who only asked a bellboy can wait. The second but was the room service. Only tried once. It took them more than 1 hour to prepare a sandwich at 10 pm. The strangest thing, they have menu option from hotel restaurants, not separated menu, but it's clearly inside the room service menu. But when we tried to order that, they say no. We just can choose for room service a la carte. The million dollar question is why they have the restaurants menu on their room service menu then ? The next but is the hotel swimming pool. It's on the rooftop and very small. So it's a little bit packed on the evening. I think that's all I can say about this hotel. It's still a nice hotel to stay. Even with 2 kids. But next time, maybe a beach hotel will be a better idea.	
May 12 2008	good value clean rooms impossible to get a taxi	A nice clean newish hotel in Bur Dubai well placed for the trade centre on business. If you were going for leisure it is more likely you would choose a beach location anyway. The rooms are large 40 sq metres and the service is excellent. There are 6 food outlets but I did not get the chance to try any of them, but they seemed good.Reception staff are generally good but english not always that great. Beware if you want an early check in time as I had to wait an hour at 10am before the room became available. It is difficult for taxis to stop at the hotel thus incurring waits everytime you want one. A good 4 1/2 star.	
May 4 2008 	Nice hotel pleasant stay	Recently returned from a business trip to Dubai where I stayed at the Dhow Palace. Can't really say if it's a good or bad location from a holiday trip point of view, but for my needs it was perfect. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable, a/c on the first night a bit cold but the extra blanket sorted that out (and of course you can adjust the temperature yourself...). Nice buffet breakfast included in the room rate. At check-in I was informed about the facilities such as spa, pool and gym, and when I got to the room I was informed that the internet would be charged separately. Did not have time to use these though, so I can't say what they were like.I did not have one bad experience with any of the staff, they were all polite and helpful.As mentioned also in previous reviews, there is a small supermarket very close to the hotel. For more shopping, the Burjuman Shopping Mall is about 15-20 minutes walk away from the hotel, and you don't even have to cross the big roads. From the main entrance, go left (pass the minimarket), and continue straight until you come to the big crossing. Take a left and walk towards Spinney's (a big supermarket). After Spinney's there is a small shopping centre (Centrepoint), continue on for a bit and you will arrive at Burjuman. That's where I spent my free evenings :) For the women travelling alone I can say it was perfectly safe to walk there, even walking back at 11:30 pm on a Thursday evening I didn't feel at all uncomfortable. There are also several restaurants/ fast food places in this area.All in all a pleasant experience and I could definitely stay there again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Excellent and very central	http://www.dhowpalacedubai.com/This hotel is superb, had a great stay with my family. The location is very central and you can walk around the city centre shopping areas. The rooms were really big and nice. Very clean and staff very helpful. The breakfast had loads of variety and something for everyone. The price of hotel is bit on the upper side as in bit expensive but very good service and decor wise.Would recommend others.	
Mar 14 2008 	Very bad customer service	Haven't been there yet but just got off the phone with them. Am from UK and have made my reservation through Expedia. Just called the hotel to confirm if they did 24 hour check in/out - and they don't. For a 5 star, i expected this to be the norm. Was told i'd have to pay for the extra night if i was to arrive at 5AM. The thing that really put me off was that the telephone operator first put me to someone else to deal with my request, and that person simply transferred me to Bookings, who were closed for the day. Surprise, surprise, there wasn't even a message at the end of the line saying that they weren't available to take the call. The phone just kept ringing. Some 5 star hotel this. Now will have to check the expedia cancellation policy on hotel bookings.	
Feb 24 2008	Good Hotel But Not 5 Star	We spent five nights here and found the hotel to be pleasant and reasonably convenient. Our room was very spacious with very high ceilings that gave it an airy feel. There was a sofa and two sitting chairs as well as a desk. The bath was a bit small compared to the rest of the room, but the shower was good and the only complaint I have is that the shower/tub was very narrow making it hard to stand in. The room had decent closet space but could use more hangers. There is a safe in every room. Turn down service was provided nightly.The lobby is very nice and the overall decor is good. There is a bar off the lobby and seven restaurants within the hotel. My experience was with only two and I found the food to be quite good. Everyone I spoke with had high praise for the food. The breakfast buffet selection was very large and the food was of good quality. The rooftop pool is rather awkward to get to, but is quite decent, although somewhat small. There is a charge to use the business center for internet, about $4 US for 30 minutes. I saw a spa and hair salon as well.Now, about calling this a 5 Star hotel - it simply isn't. Just looking at it in comparison to other 5 Star locations such as the Grand Hyatt Dubai makes one realize that some strange rating standard is being used. The Dhow Palace strikes me as a decent 3 1/2 star property geared to business users and I've no doubt that is exactly how it would be rated by US (or rest of the world) standards.The best tip I got came from some of the previous reviews. Use the mini-mart that is less than two blocks away to by sodas and snacks for your room. A 12 ounce can of Coke in the lobby cost 12 Dirham, while two 16 ounce Cokes cost me 4 Dirham in the store.Finally, there is virtually no place you can walk to, so taxis are a must. The hotel, and all the other hotels as well, have metered cars available in place of regular taxis. They are fine and safe, however, the meter rates are about TWICE those of regular taxis. If you are taking a short trip, it is probably worth the convenience, but for longer trips, make the effort to get a regular taxi. We found this out the hard way when we took a hotel car to the Mall of the Emirates and a regular taxi back. The hotel car cost almost exactly twice as much for the same trip.	
Jan 27 2008 	good hotel only minor complaints	I spent one week in the Dhow Palace hotel in Dubai and had a pleasant stay. The hotel seems to be relatively new as I could not discover any wear and tear. My single room was spacious with flat screen tv and well furnished with a queen size bed, a couch, seat, 2 tables, 2 desks with chairs, a bench for the suitcase, a wardrobe and there was enough space left to move in the room without problems. The bathroom was equally large with sink/toilet/bidet/bathtub. Everything was well maintained and clean, the sheets were changed twice during my 1 week stay. I had breakfast at the hotel, everything was on offer catering for western as well as oriental tastes. The staff was very polite, unfortunately not everyone at the hotel speaks english well (some did, others didn´t), therefore just 4 stars from me. If you want to avoid the expensive minibar, there is a supermarket very close to the hotel, when you leave via the main entrance just turn left, its a 2 minutes walk and they store everything you need. The hotel isn´t posh in a Ritz-way, its more like an upper category business hotel and you will see all kinds of folks and nationalities there wearing business suits, track suits as well as folkloric costumes. The Dhow Palace is situated &quot;near&quot; the old part of Dubai but this doesn´t mean its a short stroll to the souks, indeed you have to take a taxi to go everywhere, but then the distances in Dubai are generally large, no matter where you stay and taxi rides are cheap. (for information: a taxi ride from the Dhow Palace to the Mall of the Emirates is 22 km and I always paid about 40 Dirham (ca. 8 Euro) one way.Single female travellers don´t have to worry about walking round unaccompanied in Dubai.Its very safe and I never got harassed or stared at anywhere, not even when I sunbathed on the public beach.	
Dec 19 2007 	beware of internet connection	During our one week stay we suffered lack of hot water on three occasions and despite contacting the hotel manager to date we have not heard from him. In addition, we connected our laptop to the hotel broadband connection and have since been a victim of fraudulent use of our Skype account even though we did not connect to the internet because of the hotel's excessive user rate. Although the rooms are fine, if small, everything is cheap. Staff (other than front desk) unable to speak basic English and altogether the service is pretty bad for a hotel of this rating. We have stayed in many hotels in Dubai and this ranks as the worst.	
Dec 2 2007 	Good Stay For 8 Nights	For 8 nights during an exhibition, things went pretty smoothly. This is my 2nd time here and it becomes familiar. I got a room in the rear - 237, that was extra long. Although not unusual according to the layout map, it was a blessing to have such a large room and very large bath. A higher floor would have been better due to ballroom events/music from the 1st floor just below. This was heard for 3 nights and once I called to the desk which seemed to help the volume at 12.30am, then the next night I stayed up til 2 am doing work. The 3rd night was my last and my flight was very early so I asked to be moved, which was not a problem at all.Breakfast is good and pretty much the same, with some variety day to day. Staff friendliness is basic, not their strong suit but some are better than others; it may be due to quality of English spoken? Taxis are a problem in Dubai esp, during a big exhibition; try the rear exit also as there are many apt buildings in that neighborhood.Restaurant food is quite good and room service is prompt.All in all, a very successful stay for my business needs. Music was only issue.	
Aug 28 2007 	Wasn't all that	We stayed at the Dhow Palace in Aug 2007. I was impressed at first sight, however outside the hotel there is no life. Just another hotel opposite. The hotel staff are not knowledgable in anything but only their hotel work, so don't ask them about Dubai or where you could go e.t.c. You must do your own research to plan your holidays.The hotel swimmimng pool I was not impressed with, it is on the roof and it is not that big either. I took my son up there so a lifeguard with a huff had to watch over us, and was very strict shouting at my son not to jump in the pool and not to go in the deep end, he was not polite.There is a supermarket 2 minutes walk from the hotel and you can buy virtually everything you want from there otherwise you will get ripped off. You can buy water drinks crisps e.t.c. evrytging you would expect from a supermarket.The hotel has many restaurants and what a ripp off. I would say the food is probably average but the prices was a massive ripp off. I paid £70 for a meal for two adults and 8 year old and a 2 year old. We didnt even order that much but because we got there late at night and had no choice and I did not quite fully understand the currency at the time also.The room was for two adults and 2 kids. I was not particularly impressed with the room for a family. I then went to see the Duty Manager ( remember this ) and she kindly gave us a descent room. If you want anything done you must go and see the duty Manager, as the reception is useless. they have their own desk just at the reception also. Also my flight returning was at 1:40am and the checkout time is 11:00, so I went to reception and he said I would have to pay for a full day but I went to see the Duty Manager and she said pay half and you can have the room till you leave so I paid 300 dirhams instead.The location of the hotel is not bad though as the hotel is near most attractions.Overall for a 5 star hotel I am not sure I would probably go back as they charge on average charge 600 dirhams a night.Most importantly I think the reception tried to scam me as they requested a 500 dirham deposit for my room incase I raid the fridge e.t.c. obviously I didnt cause the fridge is a total rip off and when returning the deposit he did the paperwork then diverted my attention to something else, organised my taxi it was only until my wife asked me did you actually get the deposit back and I realised I signed for it but did not get the actual cash, but I got it in the end. The breakfast is good (buffet) had no problems there. Overall for the money of the Hotel I would probably go back but If I was recommended another I probably wouldnt. The Location is good though.	
Aug 10 2007	very nice hotel	nice location,very helpful staff,except one behind the reception wearing suit was not polite at all,that was when we were checking out at about midday(arabic chap),apart from him everybody was nice especially the manager when we were checking in ,food was good ,lovely atmosphere ,easy access to all shops,i would go back again ,i hope that miserable man in suit would have left.	
Aug 4 2007 	July is Very Humid	On arrival the Dhow Palace from the outside looked very unusual (by night as you come back the Dhow Palace looks impressive all lit up). but once inside we soon forgot that, it was brilliant we got there early and the staff went out of there way to have us in our room as soon as possible, which was very nice very clean but very cold due to air con.Building has just begun next door so from Id say october on could be a little noisy in some rooms but as we have seen you would be lucky to find any place in Dubai without a building site close by.After reading some other reviews for the Dhow Palace I can see what they mean about communication but like we say well we can only speak english! and with a little bit of effort you get through it.All of the resturants within the hotel are 6 + star. Try the Indian it was the best we have had the flavours are out of this world and all the staff are tripping over to please you.Cost of all the restaurants are very cheap (excluding the Steak restaurant) even when you include the costly alcohol into the bill(231 Dirham) for two. Word of advise dont over order as when you order drinks a bread and dip platter turns up curtosy of the house. For us not looking for a beach holiday this was without a doubt the best location dont book trips just buy a Berlitz guide book and away you go, take the taxis as very very cheap all air conditioned. just walk 50m up the road from the hotel and within 30 seconds you will be in a taxi.	
Jun 6 2007 	5 Stars Not Even Close !!!	Check-in - Hotel staff should know how to treat guests after 16hrs of traveling. It started off well, but when we wanted to change our breakfast they refused to change the days around and wanted to charge us for it, our reason was because we had an early flight the next morning, we have had no problems with other hotels. Plus there was a huge communication breakdown, where their english was of a very poor standard. Our Room - Room 413 - First impressions looked nice, large bedroom but tiny bathroom. The bathroom had a shower over tub with a shower curtain, single sink, poor ventilation and a Caravan Park quality hair dryer, that did even dry my hair!. The walls were paper thin we could hear kids running in the halls and people walking by.Other facilities - Internet - We tried to purchase a 1 hour block but they would not provide the service, yet we could purchase a 4 hour block, which was quite expensive. All we wanted to do was to check-in for our next flight and check our emails. Luckily we were able to find the business centre, which was much better then trying to access the wireless system in our room.Our other tip would be to walk a few hundred metres down the road to the little supermarket to buy goodies, the mini bar was terribly over priced.Will we be back??? Very unlikely. I hate giving poor reviews, but unless they change there procedures and had more capable staff we won’t be staying there again.	
May 1 2007 	who gives the star ratings	on arrival hotel manager tried to get me to pay extra for a bed and breakfast for my son aged 11 ,I produced the paperwork proving i had paid in full for the both of us but this he tried to dismiss,no bottled water,tea/coffee ect in room,in my opinion certinatly not a 5 star hotel,id give this place a miss.	
Apr 10 2007 	5 Star???	For me, a 5 star property has excellent customer service of which the Dhow Palace sorely lacks. From check-in to getting a cab to dealing with the tour desk or concierge to check-out the dismal customer service was evident. Though I enjoyed my room, the rest of the hotel experience was quite disappointing. Also, DO NOT USE THE TOUR DESK. We arranged a half day tour and I was specific what I wanted to see. We were paired with a private driver who steered us to shopping areas instead. He was not very knowledgeable about the city or its history. Upon check-out, I discovered a charge for something I did not authorize and had to argue with the desk clerk to remove. He tried to say the charge had already posted and I could not do anything, then when I pushed to have it removed, I realized he had lied about the charge already posting to my credit card.	
Jan 10 2007 	5 star food and service but 3 star facilities	Used mainly by airline staff - they even have their own lounge.Food was 6 star. The staff were a bit shy at first, but warmed to us after a few days, and seemed to become more confident. Nothing was a problem to them, just ask.We chose the hotel as we wanted to be central and near shopping - and after previous years experiences - away from the cement dust/noise/gridlocked horrors of the permabuilds around the Jumeirah beach hotels.Dhow Palace badly let down by the &quot;pool&quot; - located on the roof - after negotiating the pipes and cables. It is miniscule, has limited sunning areas and loungers, and suffers from chilly winds due to it's location and lack of shelter. If someone jumps in - you'll pop out !Gym and other leisure facilities adequate enough.Otherwise, a promising hotel - if you can't handle the beach (or a swim/sunbathe)!	
Nov 4 2006 	Good Hotel In Bur Dubai Minor Flaws	GOOD QUALITY HOTEL WITH LOTS OF RESTAURANTS. Biggest issue is that there is no life on either side and curb appeal is zero. Construction next door but not noisy - seems like construction is next door to half the city. Half block away is a minimarket but othewise it lacks life in the neighborhood which is something I really like. The place itself is fine as a property but costly, as expected in Dubai. 3 coffees were 51 Dhs/ est usd 15.00. Decor is like the inside of a ship as the whole theme is nautical in decor and uniforms of staff.Weird: bathroom sink drains very loudly near the toilet; so strange.Staff: welcoming staff but less so at the reception; restaurant staff is very friendly. The spirit is there in general but lacks in the result for a 5 star. English is above average.Bottom line: 5 stars are not the same in Dubai as in Asia or other areas. More like 3-4 stars in terms of service; the property is good and attractive.Room: no real issue aside from loud drain. After 6 nights it was getting to me.Cost: usd 300 during a very busy exhibition so it would be less other times.	
Oct 7 2006 	Very comfortable ne hotel	New hotel, geographically slightly apart fom other shops etc but very comfortable. It's shaped like a ship and all the staff wear sailing rig. Food and beverage were excellent and the staff were very helpful. Wake up calls for 0530 actually came at 1730 which was disappointing. Booking a taxi was also easy, but it never actually arived on time.The steak restaurant had some bad reviews in Time Out Dubai, but our meal and steak was absolutely first class.We had a hotel invitation to collect a free Kandahar Watch as part of the Dubai 'government's' tourism effort. We were escorted in a particularly tacky Indian car to a tacky shop where were were asked to view Swiss? Kandahar watches that were $2000 up. They looked like they had been made in Mumbai and stamped Swiss. Don't go. We didn't buy even though the temption to have a photo watch seemed irresistable.The room rates and service were very good and I would go again.	
Aug 2 2006	Great New Hotel	A fabuous five star hotel which was very reasonably priced at end of May. Our room was perfect, location good, and the breakfast just an unbelievable feast. We would stay there again and cannot rate the hotel too highly.	
Jul 20 2006 	Loved the service	Just returned from 2 weeks of holidaying in Dubai, where the Dhowpalace hotel was our home away from home. The word luxury is the biggest understatement in the world when applied to this hotel. The bedrooms have thee most comfortable beds, the mattress lining being changed daily too. Spacious is aword also applicable, although we were staying the Commodore suite. The hotel services included a gym (the personal trainer, the most gorgeous thing i had laid eyes on in Dubai) a hair salon with thee most gorgeous lebanese hairstylist who incidently, cut and blow dried hair really well too, better than Nicky Clark and at Supercuts prices.. The beauty therapist also gives a good service( she did my eyebrows and took real care and precision over the whole job). the salon is open till 9pm and that was the time that i asked if Mr.Lebanese could cut my hair, he obliged instantly with no reference to time.The gym is open till 12.00am with the sauna and steam room. If anyone was going to look up the definition of service incorporating friendliness and helpfulness, they would have to pay Dhow palace a visit. The staff treated guests like royalty. The most impressive thing was, 1 morning i opened my bedroom door to go down to breakfast and one of the staff HEARD the opening of the door, rushed to the lift and had it open for me to step into by the time i had reached it down the corridor...WOW. ...The hotel is fantastic with kids too. My son who is obcessed with water, would rush to the fountain to play with the water and create quite a rucus, however, NO ONE complained even, to the point they would come talk to him, cuddle him get him sweets. Even at the swimming pool, one day i had to go get my camera and the pool boy supervised my son , played ball with him till the point i came back. Very safety and child concious. the hotel also has a business centre, and a couple of restaurants. The breakfast buffet was fantastic, so was the room-service, didn't try any other cuisine there. The location of Dhow palace is in Burdubai, next to the creek...near Deira side, right next to Burjuman mall( very exclusive), Lamcy, Abu gharaira and the old souk.....so taxi ride was never more than 8 dhrms..there is a shuttle service to Jumerah Beach and the City centre....The worst thing about Dhow palace is that alas, at the end of the holiday one must leave it....but i have good memories, especially that of the good looking egyption personal trainer....aahhh	
Sep 13 2009 	Gutes Niveau zu günstigem Preis		
Jun 7 2009 	Schönes Haus...		
