	Best 3 star I've ever seen	This hotel was recommended by friends and it certainly did not disappoint. We upgraded to the executive package for a very nominal fee and it was well worth it. The early and late check in/out gave us a non rushed last day and the complimentary appies and wine in the upper lounge, every evening, were fantastic , not to mention our balcony with table and chairs. All staff were polite and attentive and the breakfast buffet , included , was ample and non rushed.  A daily fresh fruit basket, the morning newspaper and cozy robes and slippers made the room most comfortable.  The hotel is not in the downtown area but a frequent shuttle to the WAFI center drops you right at the Hop on Hop off bus stop. No better way to see Dubai. You stay comes with discount coupons and a multi merchant discount card.  Free WIFI with the upgrade as well.  The only negative I can mention is , we asked and got a non smoking room but it seems that the smokers get the upper floors with the better views ! But every floor had a reading room so pictures from the 7 th floor were not a problem.	
	Nice hotel even though it is the cheapest in Dubai	Booked this as a pre cruise stay. It was functional and sufficient. A little distance to the town, though they had a shuttle bus to a shopping center. This shopping center is one that is more high classed. Breakfast was served as a buffet and delicious.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good for a long layover	I stayed here overnight on my way back home. It is far from the beach and very basic, so I can only recommend it for a long layover. Otherwise, you're better off paying a little more to get closer to the beach.For the price, it was clean and adequate.	
Oct 28 2009 	The Ronseal Hotel of Dubai  does what it says on the Tin	As i have stayed at this hotel 4 times i fail to understand why people have rated so badly at times , for a starter its 3 star never claims to be anything else .Breakfast has a good selection to cover most tastes and cultures and still love the Turkey bacon and tastes okI took up the option of all in package and thought it offered good value with a choice on the lunch time off the menu with free soft drinks or water , Evening was similar or they had a running buffet with a varied choice and never went hungry . The rooms are a nice size always tidy and well kept and clean it may be basic but has Tv , Fridge and a safe and plenty of space for storage for cloth and suitcases .I had the pleasure to meet the Manger Mark Lee on my last visit and he is always keen to here customer coments good or bad as he wants to make the product better .The staff are brillant and treat them like you like to be treated and they are the tops and so helpful and great a warm welcome every time .As to the location yes its a bit off the main drag and taxis are cheap so a slight downside but it fairly quite but so you can get a good nights sleep unlike some hotels that have discos till 3 am and not that far from the Dubai Mall or Wafu which is linked to hotel and the burj Dubai can be seen clearly from the hotel . The lesiure centre is a small gym thats ok and a sun area with a mid size pool and due to the design of the hotel is a small issue , as the sun moves during the day you can play chase the sun untill around midday then its gone .It then comes back around 4 pm but at the top end of the sun area and that when you everyone in one corner getting the last rays of the day :) Overall if you can find a better 3 star hotel at this price and staff to match then please tell me , plus is only 10 mins from the airport without planes flying over all the time .As i said it does what it says on tin or it's website at the right price for Dubai if you want to pay thought the nose then do so , because how much time do you spend at a hotel if its not on a beach or forgot have a deal to use a very nice 5 star beach hotel for around £40 a day so good deal if you want it . Booking for my 5th visit in Jan 2010 for 4 days so hits the spot for me	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Service	Hotel Arabian Park,next to famous WAFI Mall,great hotel,great ambiance butt he one thing i liked is the service they have Indian and srilankan staff who are great and they really help a lot in the hotel,all in all a great hotel to stay in.	
Jun 6 2009 	Wonderful experience	Excellent stay. Great comfort &amp; best services. Hospitality is best &amp; staff &amp; other offerings are just wonderful.	
May 18 2009 	i doubt if i would come back	My boyfriend and i were recommended this hotel when we arrived Dubai Intl Apt .Compare to other hotel in Dubai, Arabian Park is rather cheap and knowing that it is only 15min ride away from the airport, we took the offer without hesitation.It is not the first time for us to be in Dubai but normally we'd stay with our friends living there. The journey to the hotel was quick and short but the hotel seems to be located at a remote area. There is no other major building (or any building) around the hotel except their sister-service apartment next door. Thus it is quite difficult to get a local taxi each and everytime we wanted to go out.If you are here for the Jumeirah Beach, the mall of Emirates, Medinat Jumeirah, or the latest Dubai Tower and the world's greatest Dubai Mall featuring a gigantic real-live aquarium ... then this hotel is definitely not a best choice as it if very far away from you and the taxi fare you pay to&amp;fro these places could probably afford you a better hotel in the city itself.Room is so-so but the next day when we were checking out, we found out that our room actually had a &quot;great&quot; view overlooking a graveyard... so i doubt if we would come back here again....ps:the check in staff was very professional and efficient...	
May 15 2009 	Best budget hotel in Dubai	I stayed at the Arabian Park for a month while relocating to Dubai so it became 'home' for a while. Good points: Modern, well appointed room, large comfortable bed, nice pool and gym, staff excellent.Low points: Expensive restaurant and internet, location not great if you don't have transport.This really is a business rather than leisure hotel and business on a budget, if you're company is willing to push the boat out, then great, if not, then stay here, you cant go far wrong.	
May 9 2009 	good service and reasonable	Very good hotel for business travelers,hotels in Dubai can be very expensive but this property gives you amazing facilities at very reasobnable prices.	
May 2 2009 	Ideal for airport so good for a short stopover.	One night stay in an Executive bedroom (small!) with breakfast, fruit basket in room, cocktails etc included. Easy to get to from airport (although no free shuttle from new Terminal 3 yet) and nice to relax by pool after 16 hour flight before next leg to UK. Staff helpful and friendly. Perhaps not so good for a longer stay as a bit in the middle of nowhere.	
Apr 29 2009 	Affordable 3 stars in the middle of nowhere	At the front office,I have upgraded our room to an Executive one with balcony(my spouse whishing one).We are still waiting the Executive package with fruit basket,slippers,bathrobe...At our arrival there were no hangers in the huge wardrobe and some peanuts on the floor,but the bathroom was very clean and we had a good sleep :we were not disturbed by our outside neighbors of the Christian cemetery.We had a decent dinner in The Brasserie.One day after my feedback of the different inconveniences,I got a mail from the Manager who apologises and offers us 3 days Executive package...	
Apr 23 2009	very comfortable and relaxing stay	the reception, concierge, and other staff were very friendly and helpful. our pretty small double room was super clean ! we got what we paid for ! thank god the floor was not carpetted so we could see how clean the floor was. there was abundant supply of shampoo/soap and towels were changed. the crisp, white sheets were changed every other day which was ok.the location is not in the bustling part of town which made our stay so relaxing and peaceful. the scheduled shuttle buses between hotel and jumeira beach, wafi city, and the airport saved me a lot of dirhams.. we also enjoyed lazing by the pool side including use of complimentary beach towels. it is extraordinary for a small hotel that has a gym, a deli, and a bar !	
Mar 22 2009 	If you care for your life don`t go there!!!	I went with my friends to watch a football game in their bar and the ceiling broke down on us; it was a real nightmare, everything was crashing down, AC boxes, electricity cables, we had to evacuate through the windows, in every way we could; staff were helpless, actually insisting on us not breaking the windows, although we could have died in there while they were watching people getting injured... In one word... disgusting, I would never set a foot in ther in my life.	
Feb 28 2009 	OK hotel currently in poor position about to be surrounded by new build	This hotel was originaly built as staff accomadation for the nearby up market WAFI Mall hence the public lounges on each floor.Conventional full service tourist/business hotel with 24 hr coffee shop, good breakfast choice but as Muslim country no pork so offer is turkey and beef bacon! horrible! same with sausage which will be chicken or beef. Dinner menue OK but repetitive if a long stay, nice pool but in the shade throughout day. There is a courtesy bus throughout the day which will take you to the WAFI Mall which is the exclusive up market shopping centre which whenever I have visited is empty.As with all Dubai Hotels the front desk never understands and will enter an argument the minute things are challenged. Always check your bill There is a rather sad element, behind the hotel is a Christian graveyard which looks abandoned although the most recent graves date from 2000. Its the more notable that many of the graves are for children. As building work is about to start on the surrounding desert I wonder what is going to happen to this graveyard.	
Feb 9 2009 	A Great Find	We were looking for a comfortable, central yet reasonably priced hotel to accommodate us on a shopping spree to Dubai. The Arabian Park Hotel is a great find! The thing that stands out most is the staff and their service. For a three star hotel they seriously give the staff in some of the other 5 star hotels a run for their money. The breakfast was excellent and varied from day to day. The cleanliness of the hotel was very good, I seriously could not fault it and I have been in the hotel industry most of my life. The hotel is central if you have a car / taxi but it is not the type of place you can walk out and find some places to walk to. They also had a great deal with the restaurants at the Wafi where you received 100DH off your bill (we went to Thai Chi - excellent). We had a car so we did not need the shuttle but a great service if you needed it. Overall a wonderful experience. I will definitely stay there again on my next trip.	
Jan 13 2009 	Was great	The hotel is a slight distance from the popular Deira and Jumeaira Beach, but none the less, great. the service was fantastic, all the staff pleasant and accomodating. Check in was a breeze . The room was always clean, water was always there and although a bit small, very comfortable. I would definiately stay there again	
Dec 15 2008 	Good hotel but distant	The Arabian Park Hotel promotes itself as a 3-star hotel with 5-star business facilities. I can't argue with that. The business center is open 24 hours, with Internet access reasonably priced. You can get broadband in your room if you prefer, but there's an extra charge for it. I stayed in a double room that was very good. (You'll need slippers. The marble floor in December is cold!) One criticism in the bathroom -- they need larger doors for the bath; one small panel is inadequate. The deli is open 24 hours (the pizza is excellent), the restaurant has a good selection of food, and its breakfast buffet is very good but pricey (US$19). And it was funny listening to Christmas songs in the restaurant in this Muslim country. My service was absolutely faultless, from arrival to departure. The concierge was helpful, and there's a tour desk next to the elevators. The worst thing is probably the location, but there is free shuttle service to Wafi Mall several times a day, to Jumeirah Beach once a day, and to the airport, but that schedule is a bit irregular. Taxi service in Dubai -- as long as you're not going to the airport -- is very reasonably priced. All in all, a good stay at the Arabian Park.	
Nov 1 2008	Three star but they treated us like FOUR star!	We took a chance by booking Arabian Park at Dubai Airport for 3 nights, since we arrived with no reservation. (We actually went to two of the hotel accommodation travel agencies right at the airport &amp; got two different prices for the same hotel! We felt we got good value for the money--we paid about $108 USD). Staff, especially desk clerk, Slavi, &amp; the Moroccan deli server whose name escapes me, were especially attentive. All spoke English well. There was a beautiful pool, internet service, cozy bar with snacks, a restaurant, 24-hr. deli, etc. (We got wise &amp; ordered hot breakfasts &amp; coffee from the small deli each morning since the restaurant buffet was expensive--approx. $20--and we were on a budget). The area is somewhat out of the way (between the airport and Bar Dubai) but hotel has free shuttle to airport &amp; beautiful Wafi Mall (which was convenient for us, since that's where the Big Bus tour of the city started). Taxis were inexpensive, too. There appear to be lots of empty lots in the area, so give it a few years and this part of town will be as built-up as the rest of Dubai!	
Oct 18 2008 	OK - but no more	I stayed here for a business conference which took place in the Hyatt (but which was charging more than 3 times the price I paid here!). For that price, it wasn't bad. Everything in the hotel is very functional and it really doesn't have any charm. Apart from others attending the same conference as me, most other guest seemed to be tourists. The hotel was very clean and the staff pleasant enough. Check-in and check-out were laborious and there were numerous minor mistakes which took time to be corrected. The staff seemed to be poorly trained, but were courteous and polite at all times.The hotel is in the middle of nowhere. I guess the Hyatt was certainly no more than 1 km away, but in Dubai, there is no way to walk anywhere, so you are obliged to take taxis, even for the shortest distance. Taxis are reasonably cheap and seemed to be pretty plentiful.	
Oct 12 2008 	Very good hotel	I stayed here for work with about 60 other people and it was excellent. Spotlessly clean, comfortable room, good bathroom and facilities. Fantastic breakfast - something for everyone. I found some of the staff a bit rude, the level of English wasn't as high as I expected, and they weren't all that helpful. It is a bit out of town but taxis are really cheap and there's a free shuttle to the airport and a local mall - which is probably the worst of all the malls I visited in Dubai but it's cheap enough to get to the better ones.	
Sep 17 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My family (25 of us) stayed in this hotel for a week, as my aunt was getting married in Dubai.The hotel is located on the outskirts of the city but with taxi's been so cheap it was within easy access of everywhere.Breakfast in the hotel was very good, very western (without the pork!). The bar menu and restaurant menu were satisfactory. TH bar itself was quiet small and unused to Irish people (drank them dry the first night) but the were more then accomodating and kept the bar topped up for the rest of the week.The outside pool was a good size but could get cool in the evening as it was in the shade.The hotel room was spacious with all the facilities expected.A travel agent is located just beside the lifts which was very handy for booking excursions out into the dessert.Overall, basic but nice	
Aug 25 2008 	Great clean hotel	Me and my wife visited Dubai for 2 nights after our honeymoon trip to Maldives. The Hotel was excellent in value for money matter.OK, Dubai is no match for Maldives, but we loved the place, it was a clean room, the front desk was very helpful, breakfast buffet was great, WiFi shopping mall is very near (5minutes drive) and there is a free of charge shuttle bus to drive you there.The room didn't had a great view, just dust and desert but we didn't mind.	
Jul 23 2008 	Exactly Wot It Says On The Tin!	I love this hotel!!!Have stayed here many times &amp; although there are a few gripes each time they are always resolved relatively swiftly.Free shuttle bus from airport, Wafi &amp; beach area is much appreciated and an added bonus as is the library area on each floor with complimentary newspapers/magazines.Stayed for 10 days in Oct (1st time) &amp; was most disappointed that the swimming pool only got the sun until 1pm latest each day - I mean who on earth designs a hotel without thinking about that?!?! Have noticed that from March/April time though it is there all day..... :-)Food - breakfast is always the same although does have quite a good selection, deli has a really nice menu (chicken tikka panini) as does the bar.All in all a near perfect little 3* hotel :-)	
Jul 23 2008 	Regret	I knew and liked this hotel so with their summer rates around 200AED no surprised I picked it again. Unfortunately at our first night we have discovered bed bugs in our room. We were moved to other room but as we felt after this experience we could have been given something extra we asked for an upgrade. They moved us to executive room with balcony, I must say the room was nice and spacious. Later on I have dealt with some staff at reception and I must say I don't like their customer service. Even the Housekeeping Manager seeing me the next day after personally visiting me in my room didn't even say hello even I made an eye contact with her. Simply the hotel interior is nice but the service isn't as perfect. So if you are coming and don’t need much of an assistance it can do for you but if you looking for a bit of warm welcome I would try somewhere else.	
Jul 8 2008 	Nice Hotel and Pool	I stayed 7 days in this hotel. It was a nice hotel, outside of Dubai downtown but at the same time very close to everything.There is a bus service that takes people to WAFI center ( 5 minutes away). From that center there are many things to do. For example, take Dubai Big Bus Tour. Also, hotel provides bus for the beach as well ( 15 minutes away). Room - small, clean and with many amenities room. I had nice view of the Dubai downtown. Good TV, good bed and pillows. Also, I really appreciated kettle so you can make tea or coffee.Each floor has a place to sit and read some magazines/newspapers, they called this area library.Pool + Gym - nice small gym with TVs and pool is a good size, but not deep. They have service bringing snacks, food and drinks.Front Desk - very nice polite people. Professional staff. I had an easy , fast check-in/check-out.I didn't not have all-inclusive, but one of the days I went to eat breakfast buffet which they charged (55 dirhams) or ~16 dollars. For this money I would rather to go eat outside of the hotel. There is a nice Deli Shop that has many salads, sandwiches, drinks, and candy bars. There is always a good variety to choose from.	
Jul 2 2008 	FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!	Nice hotel, excellent staff and comfortable rooms,room service was spot on, really nice for a 3 star. Would recommend. I would like to see more lightings around the building for a finer and better picture at night.Good job!!!!	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Value Hotel	I had an excellent stay at The Arabian Park Hotel - got a great deal they have - All Inclusive that includes 3 meals, internet and soft drinks. Great value for money hotel, very clean and with exceptionally great service. The room is not very spacious but if you need to have a good sleep, good breakfast and shower - that's your place.They will give you the Wafi Select Card which entittles you for discounts in Wafi Mall and all the great restaurants and the spa in Pyramids.There is a bus going to Wafi and to the beach which is comfortable, or there are taxis outside the hotel almost all the time.Will defiunetly stay there again.	
Jun 11 2008	oh my god!!!!	if you are used to polite friendly staff and good customer service then do not go here, my party of 11 were incorreclty allocated double rooms instead of triple, a simple mistake that can happen and when it does and you have the paperwork you would expect it to be sorted out quickly, that is unless you go here, it took an amazing 16.5 hours to sort out.I was told at one point that I should share a bed with my 11 year old daughter and 23 year old son, when I pointed out this was unacceptable the manager laughed in my face.....My sister has 2 autistic children and again they were a constant source of amusement during our 16.5 hour wait in reception, the staff pointed and laughed out loud at them, it was so humiliating.Anyway the location is peaceful especially the rooms overlooking the graveyard at the rear, and the 30 minute journey to the beach is well worth it as you get away from the hotel.this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in and i have been to Blackpool.	
May 30 2008 	Would not recommend	The interior of the hotel is adequate but the pool only gets sunshine in the morning, from lunch onwards the whole area is in the shade. The hotel is located on a main road but in the middle of nowhere. There is a shuttle bus to Wafi shopping centre and another to the beach but the one to the beach only goes 3 times a day so I ended up taking taxi's. The food in the retaurant was good but the bar was small, dark and had no atmosphere and no entertainment over the 5 nights I stayed. The majority of the staff are lovely but I did have 2 issues which were not dealt with very efficiently	
Apr 25 2008	Good hotel for what we needed	Stayed at this hotel from 17th-20th April, arriving late on the 17th and leaving early 20th. Chose hotel for price given the length of our stay. Located near the airport and in the Jafad area. It is in an area where a lot of development is about to happen and to get around you will rely on taxi's or the hotel bus. Near the airport and Wafi City. Reminded me of a travel lodge when you got to the rooms. Ours was a standard, quite small but fit for purpose. Each floor also has a lounge area where you can relax and good for extra space. Rooms etc kept clean and tidy and foudn the staff helpful. On the gorund floor you also have the bar and restaurant and shop. Breakfast was a buffet style and good value. Swimming Pool is a good size and again clean. If you want the beach in easy reach you are better booking somewhere else. The shuttle bus runs 3 times a day to Jumeriah Beach Park but can be busy and takes 20mins or so to get there. At the beach park entry is 5AED but you can also walk further up the street and use the free public beach. Taxi's are also cheap with a public taxi from Mall of the Emirates to the Hotel about 45AED. The hotels own taxi serivce was slightly more at 55-60AED, still very good value given the distance 15-20km. Airport taxis are more expensive as they have 20AED surcharge before you start.All in all a good hotel for our purpose and if you are just looking for a base, recommend it	
Apr 24 2008 	A hotel in Dubai - Arabian Park hotel	In April 2008 I had an international congress in Dubai. Among the official hotels of organizer was also the Arabian Park hotel. It is located outside from the center of the city, so you have a nice view of Dubai.The hotel has 7 floors. You can chose a smoking or non-smoking room. In all room a high speed internet (both wired and wireless) is available but it is charged. You can take a 24 hour or an hour or 30 min access. The room is not so big and the bed was very comfortable. All rooms are have air-condition which you can not switch off. The voltage is 220V but they are using an UK type connector so an adapter is essential.The access to the room is by a magnetic card which is very convenient so you do not need to give and ask for a key at the reception desk. I stayed for a six nights and at the morning the buffet breakfast was always the same. Even the ambient music was always the same like they would have a 5 hour CD repeating it all the time.What I need to mention is that the hotel provides a free of charge small bus transport from and to the airport as well as to the WAFi shopping center and also to the public beach. The hotel room was clean only the windows were dusty from outside because of the sand storms. You can not open the windows.In a room i had free water with the option to prepare a tee. Also a hairdryer is in each room. The hotel has a pool but the water temperature is around 30°C.In overall the hotel is worth for its price and is a good choice to stay but just for a few days	
Mar 26 2008	Unhelpful management	Had booked this 4 day break to celebrate silver wedding. Also had 2 children 13 and 15 with us.Despite having the paperwork from Virgin confirming our booking with reference numbers, the hotel apparently had no knowledge. It took them over 1.5 hours to sort it out ( computer error) Having agreed that we should be staying there, they then proceeded to make up the rooms! Another 40 minute wait . Meanwhile, the children were asleep in the lobby!Food ok - the type of evening meal depends on the number of guests booked in for half board. If there aren't many, you eat off the normal menu. If there are about 10, you get a fixed menu - 2 choices per course which didn't suit one of the children at all. If there are more than a dozen, they put on a buffet.I agree that the breakfasts are excellent. If there is a next time, I would NOT book half board. Overall the hotel offers reasonable value for money, but in common with several other reviwers, I feel that the management and reception need to improve quite dramatically. my husband has travelled extensively in the Middle East, and commented that he has never experienced such apathy at a reception desk.	
Feb 20 2008 	friendly and helpful staff	a value-for-money 3 star hotel.the location is quite a far from major destinations but they provide hourly shuttle bus to &amp; from wafi center until 1.30 am, or we can easily get a (relatively cheap) taxi from the hotel. for examples, fare from this hotel to mall of the emirates is about 25 aed and to the creek is about 12 aed.all staff are friendly and very helpful, even the pool's cleaner greets you every morning. they also provide you with gym room for free and large lounge on every floors. oh, and they have a nice nairobi coffee for breakfast. if you like outdoor jogging, there are a wide pedestrians surrounding the area which could give you 1 km a round plus a beautiful sunrise as a bonus.we found our room clean and neat meets with the standard of 3 star hotel, but no toiletries nor sandals. other thing we missed with this hotel is a fast-and-free internet wireless connection.	
Feb 13 2008 	A Good Spot	I stayed at the Arabian park 5 Nights in Feb a great hotel for a visit to Dubai Buffet Breakfast was fab staff always willing to help The hotel has its own Taxi/Limo service never had to wait more than 2 mins for a car,what value 3 Euro to the Deria Shopping City in a brand new Lexus or Mercedes.They also have a free shuttle bus service to Jurimira beach and shopping area which runs on time. Must doDesert aventure,Spice island restaurant ,Dow cruise,Big bus tourSking Emirates Mall, Drinks in Ice Bar Also keep money for Dubai Duty Free GREAT Value cheaper than the gold soukI would stay here again however book the superior room as the standard room is a bit on the small side Caroline Ireland	
Feb 12 2008 	Worst Experience Ever	From the moment I stepped into this hotel, the people at the reception were hostile. I arrived very tired but my room was not ready so after waiting for more than five hours they eventually gave me a room. This was for smokers but they said &quot;take it or leave it&quot;. The food at the Brasserie is lousy, and they charge you for it. They do not tell you this but at the end they charge you. The gym room is terrible with few types of equipment. There are no entertainments or a place to enjoy. In addition the hotel is isolated and far away from any other place in Dubai. Worst of all, on the last day of my stay they informed me that I do not have a reservation for the seventh day although I made the reservation through an agency, so they kicked me out in a city that I know nobody. They even refused to give me another room claiming that the hotel is totally booked. In conclusion, staying at this hotel was a nightmare	
Jan 26 2008 	Decent hotel	Arrived at site, oops sorry Dubai on Boxing day. Made the short trip from the airport and arrived at hotel at 02.30 hrs. To save money the original plan was to bunk down in the airport, but the airport was very busy so we decided to go to the hotel and try and get in our room early.When we arrived and explained our situation we were told we couldn't check in till 2pm, which we half expected. So we decided to bite the bullet and just pay for our room. What we didn't expect was that it was full price with no reductions which i thought was a bit steep. We declined the room. The man on reception then told us we were more than welcome to use the library where there was comfy chairs and a TV, so that's what we did and we managed to get some sleep as well.After a bit of begging we managed to check in around 10am, which i thought was excellent of them.There are six lifts, so no need to wait a long time. Rooms are bright and clean exactly like the traveller photos.Bathroom is fine and more importantly clean.The pool, like many other reviews is in shade virtually all of the day but its heated to about 30 celsius.There is a good bar serving many beers, with a large Stella coming in around £3.There is absolutely nothing beside the hotel which some may find a chore. But taxis are cheap and plentiful.There is a complementary mini bus that takes you to the Wafi shopping center every hour or so and the same bus drops you off at the public beach twice a day.All in all a reasonable hotel for the price.	
Jan 9 2008 	Overrated	I chose this hotel partly because of the reviews and the claim that it was more of a five star than a three star. Well let me tell you - I have travelled the world - and Arabian Park is BY NO MEANS more than a VERY average 3 star hotel.It's clean and quiet, I'll give you that. But the service was not that great and staff could not even answer basic questions about beaches, stamps etc. The first day we arrived they had missed several things and were not especially accomodating. Their welcomes and goodbyes very cool and most of the service passive-aggressive.Much of the info about the hotel had also been grossly exaggerated (canapes, business center, luxuary amenities in bathroom, business suite etc).If you are looking for a very average hotel (which means you pay quite a lot still) - go for it! But otherwise, don't bother!	
Dec 27 2007	amazin memories of arabian park hotel	i stayed here for a month becoz i'd come with office work. amazin environment. My room face d a cemetary though. The staff was excellent. The food was good. I loved the pizza and the breakfasts. They wonderfully cleaned the rooms and the behaviour of the staff was too good. Theres a bus to wafi city and the beach. Good ones. I also loved the library where i spent so much of my time. The room service was also prompt. I had problems with the bathroom nob, and they cleared it in the middle of the night immediately. Go for it... its good. More becoz my room is the witness to a lot of memories...	
Dec 23 2007 	Nice new hotel with good service level	Stayed in Arabian Park for 6 nights middle of December 2007. As a whole my impressions are good, it deserves definitely more than 3 stars. Positive points: Firstly, after a tiring long flight the early check-in was greatly appreciated. Rooms are modernly decorated and clean, although not too spacious, not nice area to sit and relax, however not a big problem. A good positive point is the coffee and tea drinks and the daily mineral water supply. Everything is new which is positive point too. Breakfast was very good, not so much variety but it was tasty. Service was very good, staff polite and helpful. Taxis always available from the own taxi park or city taxis dropping clients. There are shuttle buses to airport, beach and nearby mall. Some negative points or recommendations for improvements:Hotel is a little bit isolated, all construction area around but at least not far from city center. Rooms are a little bit cold, even the first room i was placed got freezing me and it took too much time to the staff to discover the room a/c was not working properly and was only cooling. Anyway, i was moved to another room with normal temperature and properly working a/c. The windows of the standard rooms do not open at all, thanx god the air cleaning system was working efficiently. More frequent shuttle bus to beach, and shuttle buses to other malls and city center will make hotel guests more satisfied too.	
Dec 21 2007 	One of the best	I am Italian and I came with my wife and my baby (10 month) by tour. It was planned another hotel, but at the end they gave us Arabian park.Location is not very good, but they have free bus to reach the beach, the airport, a nice shopping centre that work perfectly well. Also a taxi service. The room was very clean and silent, just a little bit cold. Breakfast great and also the restaurant very nice.But the best was the personnel: very kind, fast in answering' helpful. This hotel was far beyond my best expectation. Thank you Arabian Park.	
Dec 18 2007 	An average experience	Maybe I'm being harsh but a Dubai hotel should tick more boxes than this. The location is terrible! Ok they have buses to the local shopping centre but if you want a beach it's a long way and only 2 buses to get there each day.As for pool it's constantly in the shade. So if you want to get a glow of gold you'll need to look elsewhere.Decent breakfast, the bar seems smokey shady and no atmosphere.The rooms are really solid - modern but a little souless. We booked a double and got a twin..not the end of the world but it started off badly.But that's as bad as it gets. if you're just dropping in it'll do, but if you want some Dubai class there is no point in booking this hotel (unless one of those cranes carries it and dumps it in Jurmeimeh).	
Dec 16 2007 	Fell in Love with it	My agent booked for me this hotel while I was skeptical but I didn't have any choice, I checked the reviews here &amp; I said I will just give it a try. It exceeded my expectations, was very neat &amp; clean, the breakfast was great &amp; the staff there are amazaing. I will definitly go there again. In my openion it worth more than the three stars. On check out they asked me to fill a survey form, and I took the chance to give them some comments regarding my experience. Two days later the manager sent me a detailed e-mail discussing my comments and informing me about the actions taken regarding my comments. His behaviour amazed me for sure and showed me how committed they are to satisfy thier customers and that make me feel that I'm in good hands whenever I saty there and made me decide not to book anywhere else whenever I plan to visit Dubai again.	
Nov 25 2007	You get for what you pay for.....a nice 3 star hotel.	I would give the hotel an above average rating for customer service. Everyone there was very friendly not matter how busy they were. Here were the negatives:1. Bus shuttle: didn't show up for either my wife or I. We arrive at different times and were at the right place and the right times but no shuttle? We placed a complaint to the staff.2. Location: the hotel is far away from the Creek and the famous beach-Jerimiahah ( sp?) The hotel did have some positives: great breakfast buffet, as well as sports bar and deli. Again very friendly staff, good weight room and pool. Mediocre room. Overall had an Ikea like furniture feel.Tips on Dubai:Stay close to the Creek or the beach. Take a desert Safari with any of the numerous companies. Take a hot air balloon ride over the Hata mountains. Don't rent a car, traffic is horrible.	
Nov 23 2007 	Excellent hotel	This is a fairly, new modern hotel located near the Wafi shopping centre in Dubai. The reason why I booked it is because of the reviews I had read, saying how good it was, and everybody was right. The rooms and facilites are excellent, and it is very reasonably priced. Breakfast is first class. The hotel has a good regular free shuttle serivce that takes you to to the Wafi centre and to the beach, and finally it takes you to the airport. Staff are friendly. I will be staying here again.	
Nov 7 2007 	Excellent choice for short break	On arriving at this hotel I was concerned. It is small compared to many in Dubai and in the middle of nowhere. However it turned out I had no need to worry. The rooms were lovely, though a bit on the small side, the staff extremely pleasant and the free buffet breakfast in the restaurant was extensive.The hotel compensates for being nowhere in particular by providing shuttle bus services every 1 and a half hours to the nearest mall (Wafi and also gives you a 20% discount card for the shops and restaurants there) and this ran until 2am so was perfect for our nights out. There's also regualr shuttle buses to the airport and the beach - all complimentary of course.If would definitely stay again for a short break, but not for more than 3 days for the following reasons:1. the pool area is comfy but the placement means that it is all in the shade by noon (surely a huge design error)2. the rooms are too small to stay for a long time	
Oct 22 2007 	Soulless	The hotel is a bit far from downtown. However it is a quiet area. The first night they gave me a room with a backyard view on an old cemetry. I asked for a new room the following morning and got one after a few discussions (polite) with 2 different persons at the front desk. Overall in this hotel the service was good especially room service and the portiers. The breakfast rather bad compared to the country standard. Sun on the pool was 2 hours a day (from 10 am to noon) else its in the shade. The room was large enough (excutive room with balcony). Lack of comfortable seating area in the room. The food that you could order to your room from the deli was good. Prices for sodas and water are too high. Room price in general was too high considering the quality of the hotel. The music in the foyer is annoying. Sounds like your entering a night club and not a hotel. Music at breakfast was also annoying. This hotel is not for the person who needs a stylish and relaxed environment. Its appeals more to the very young crowd. The fact that I paid teh highest rate and didnt even have an iron and an ironing board but had to wait 40 minutes to borrow one for 1 hour was ridiculous.	
Sep 28 2007	Great Value Great Hotel	Stayed here a couple of weeks ago, its a lovely hotel, the staff are effecient and friendly, i loved the pool which was practically desserted most days so it was like my own private pool, theres a free shuttle bus to the beach and the nearby wafi mall, we ate breakfast one morning and it was just what we were looking for, i love a buffet anyway, they had bread, fruit ,eggs and meat all fresh, we also had buffet dinner one night which was also lovely, great value and plenty of everything you would want, salad, rice dishes, noodles, meat etc, the only complaint i would have is the location, its a little far from the beach but taxis are so frequent and cheap that its really not an issue and i will def stay here when i return to Dubai, the staff are so nice, the bell boys and pool boys are so friendly, i felt really spoilt, and for the price, it was luxury on a budget	
Aug 30 2007 	Arabian Park Hotel...slicker than your average	Again i was in the same boat as every other man and his dog, about this hotel, as it was my first time in dubai..and trust me this hotel more than exceeded my expectations..upon arrival at 2am, me and my mate were cherfully greeted by the luggage guy who took our luggage to our rooms no fuss..there was a little confusion with the booking in process..but apart from then on all was good...the room itself was of a good size for 2 people with all modern amenities...shower wasnt all that..(but we were in a bog standard room) but still all above average than all 4* hotels I've been in the UK...you could control the air conditioning to your preference, and also the lighting...one thing as an improvement perhaps (if i was reallllllllly picky) would be to have free internet access at the &quot;business centre&quot;..but overall i would more than recemmond you come to this hotel to stay...a very good 8.5 out of 10!!!	
Aug 10 2007 	The Arabian park Hotel *WHAT A BARGAIN 4 LUXURY*	Well when i saw what 3 star hotels were like in Dubai and after reading reviews i was very unsure about this hotel especially it was at a cheap price. However when i arrived i was shocked!!The hotel was just like a 5-Star it matches just like our premier Travel Inn OR Travel lodg in the UK.it was very clean and everything, marble and a very modern interior, well recomended to anyone.............However a lil problem i ahd was the lcoation, ok fair enough taxi's start at about £0.30p but it was not practical as i was on business and have been to Dubai millions of times other than that it is perfect for budget holiday makers it was simply AMAZING 100% guaranteed!	
Jun 9 2007 	Great value for money	We had a fantastic stay at the Arabian Park. The hotel is smart and clean, all the staff are friendly and helpful and the food is good. The hotel is currently in an undeveloped postion but the courtesy bus service is very efficient and taxis are always on hand Yes, we had one or two slight problems during our stay but these were dealt with quickly, politely and effectively. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2007 	5* All the way	I stayed at the Arabian Park Hotel in Jaddaf area of Dubai for 5 nights. Although the area is a really quite one it’s not too far from the vibrant areas of Dubai (About 5 minutes to the Wafi Mall, 7-8 Minutes to Deira and 10 minutes to Bur Dubai).The hotel has its own taxi service as there are no normal taxi services available unlike the rest of Dubai. The hotel calls its taxis the limousine service. Most of the taxis are top name executive cars and are run on the same meter as the normal taxis you will find all over Dubai. There is a lot of construction going on around the hotel but it did not affect my stay at the hotel in any way, there were no disturbances what so ever. I always got a peaceful night’s sleep ;)The hotel itself is very new, opened in late 2006, so all the rooms and facilities are in very good condition. I would say this hotel is modern, classy and no way a 3*. If I did not know the hotel is rated a 3* I would without any hesitation give it 5/5. The staff is always smiling and did their best to accommodate my wishes. The rooms are modern and well designed with all amenities offered in hotels. The lighting in the room can be controlled with a remote. The bathroom was of medium size and has complimentary soap, shampoo and shower gel. I recommend buying your own as the ones the hotel provides are really small and will only last one shower. The room is of a good size and the cupboard/ bathroom/ exit doors do not come in each other’s way (someone mentioned this problem in a previous review).On each of the 7 floors you will find a lounge area with magazines and newspaper. There’s also a widescreen TV with leather sofas to relax.There are three restaurants in the hotel, all on the ground floor. 1. The DeliThe Deli is a resturant come cafe which also offers 24 hours room service. I would recommend the Brassiere Burger from this place. 2. The Oasis Bar I cannot comment on The Oasis Bar as I did not eat from there but it does look good and shows all major sporting events.3. The Brassiere restaurantThe hotel serves their buffet breakfast in this restaurant which I did not like too much. I think this is an area where the hotel should improve. The variety of food is good but its not very nice.I only had the buffet breakfast here so I don’t know if the other food is nice or not.Also on the ground floor is a gym and swimming pool. I didn’t use these facilities so I cannot comment.On the 1st floor you will find a business center where you can use the internet, fax and telephone services. A secretary service is available.To sum it all up i would say the friendliness of the staff coupled with the beautiful rooms and attention given to guests makes up for the isolated location. I would definitely stay at this hotel again when I’m in Dubai again.Two things the hotel can improve is quantity of TV channels and quality of the buffet breakfast.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great 3 Star Value and Service	I recently stayed for 5 nights at the Arabian Park Hotel after a company I was visiting in Dubai who was also paying the bill booked me into this hotel. I read the reviews on this site and was a little nervous about having to stay here and was thinking to myself how I should have stayed elsewhere. I was to be proven totally wrong and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Their standard room is basically a Holiday Inn Express/Premier Inn room that you are given but the hotel has the added extra's of a nice although small gym with excellent equipment, a nice heated outdoor pool and sunbaking area, a 24 hour deli, cool bar, restaurant with great food, library, business centre and others. The room was perfect for what I needed and was never hot or cold. It was perfectly clean and tidy and in great condition throughout. The breakfast was great with a selection both hot and cold food on the buffet. I ate in the restaurant twice and it was delicious- I would reccommend the Nasi goreng- Yum! I never used their airport transfer service however I did use their free service to WAFI Shopping centre and this was always on time and goes regurlarly. A taxi into the centre of town to the Gold Souk area costs about 40 AED which is bugger all and the hotel has plenty on standby. There is nothing located around the hotel to see but the hotel is close to the centre with transport being free or cheap i don't think its a real issue. It was also very quit and there are no issues with construction noise or air traffice to report.	
Feb 22 2007 	In the middle of nowhere	Didn't get the 2 wake up calls I wanted. Took 45 minutes to get someone up to open my stuck window. Had to ask for ice twice before it was delivered.Rogues with regard to the exchange rate. I went in Dec 2006 when the dirham in Dubai was 7.1DHS to £1. The rate the hotel offered was 6.5HDS for £1. I paid with my credit card because with all the charges it was still a better exchange than the rogue hotel! I was quoted in USD and wanted to pay in USD - but they said they had to convert to DHS.Oh and the airport shuttle never showed up so I had to pay 30DHS to get to the hotel from the airport although I phoned them twice asking where it was.Good luck - better to stay in Deira!	
Jan 19 2007	Ignore the negative reviews. This hotel was superb	I stayed here over Christmas 2006 and found the hotel to be fresh, clean and stylish. This hotel obviously has mixed reviews but I feel the negative comments are unfair. My concerns of poor service, faulty air con and cold water temperature and high noise levels were unfounded and I had a marvelous stay. The staff and service could not be faulted and the hotel is good value for money. Yes, the Arabian Park can not compete with the splendour of the 5 and 6 star hotels of Dubai but then it doesn't claim to and if you ,like me, would prefer to stay in a contempory 3 star hotel rather than a dated 4 star hotel then this is the hotel for you.	
Jan 11 2007 	Great Stay Great Service Great Price!!	After reading through some of the previous reviews, I was a little worried about staying at this hotel. However, I thought it's 7 nights, as long as it's clean and has a decent shower, then who cares! We arrived at Dubai International airport at 5.30am to be welcomed by our shuttle bus driver holding up a sign with our names. She informed us that once we had cleared customs, she would be waiting outside to drive us to our hotel. As we walked out, there she was! After literally a 10 minute drive, we arrived at the hotel and I was pleasently surprised with what I saw. A brand new hotel that looked likeit had a bit of class! We were greeted at the door by the porter who took our luggage and I was shocked when they informed us that we could check into our room @ 7am and they would throw in the buffet breakfast for that morning. Too good to be true!! The room was a decent size for the two of us. A little bigger would have been nicer however you can't be to fussy. Heaps of wardrobe space and the beds are extremely comfortable. Lots of variety of the TV including english speaking programs. The bathroom was always clean however I'm not a fan of shower curtains. The rooms were cleaned daily and housekeeping was always on call for those little extras. It was great to stay in a hotel that had a 24hr deli. Great for that middle of the night snack or coffee. The coffee was fantastic!! The buffet breakfast had a great variety of food and each morning it was service with a smile. We never had a problem catching a taxi from the hotel as there were always taxi's in the hotel carpark and never did we have a problem with taxi drivers finding the hotel each evening. The hotel is only 10-15 minutes from the main city of Dubai. It is a little isolated from everything but you've got everything you need there. With all the construction occuring in Dubai, I'm sure in the next 6 to 12 months, there will be other hotels surronding this one. All in all, we enjoyed the stay and would certainly recommend this hotel to others and would not hestitate to stay there again. The great service was consistent throughout our stay.	
Nov 21 2006 	great service		
Oct 25 2006	Great Hotel with excellent service		
Oct 17 2006 	Never again		
Sep 1 2006 	terrible stay		
Aug 30 2006	Reasonable Hotel		
Aug 21 2006 	Value		
Aug 19 2006 	Give It 3 More Months		
Aug 16 2006 	Great international hotel		
Jun 25 2009 	ARABIAN PARK HOTEL		
Jan 9 2009 	fuori dal mondo		
May 28 2008 	Petit mais excellent rapport-qualité prix!!		
Feb 29 2008	Preis-Leistung stimmt		
Jan 12 2008 	excellente hotel		
Dec 8 2007 	Sauberes preiswertes und ruhiges Hotel		
Sep 25 2006 	Ein modernes und - für 3 Sterne - sehr gutes Haus		
Sep 8 2006 	Gutes Preis/Leistungs-Verhältnis		
