Nov 6 2009 	Flora Park apartments	This apartment is bigger than my house it so clean and tidy can not recomend this place enough only down side is that it doesn't have a bar but hey there are loads of hotels near by that have got bars so it doesn't really matter.Well worth a try	
May 15 2009 	Homely Comforts	1) Excellent Hotel Apartments2) Ideally Loacted3) Extra Large Rooms4) Good Interiors5) Excellent Breakfast spread6) Walking disatnce from City CentreExpensive	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent hotel - loved it	I have just returned from my 10th trip to Dubai &amp; therefore have lots of experience of hotels out there. I can`t recommend this hotel highly enough &amp; can`t understand the negative comments about it...some people are simply never happy!I travelled with 3 girlfriends &amp; had tried to get a good deal on a beach hotel but they were stupidly expensive &amp; therefore I decided to go against the norm &amp; book somewhere in the cityI picked the Flora Park after scouring the internet for about 2 weeks &amp; am so glad I did. The hotel is beautiful. Clean,modern &amp; perfectly located right in Deira and a 2 min walk from Deira City Center Mall. The hotel lays on a free shuttle to &amp; from the airport along with a beach shuttle to the beautiful Al Mamzar Beach Park (5DHS entrance fee) &amp; a shuttle to Festival City Mall - not worth it as the local Mall opposite is really good &amp; has loads of stores for all budgets - New Look, Jane Norman, H &amp; M &amp; Carrefour We had a 2 bed apartment &amp; it was amazing. Both bedrooms had ensuites,t.v`s &amp; lots of wardrobe space. 1 also had a balcony. The lounge was huge &amp; all beautifully &amp; tastefully decorated in modern ,contempory colours &amp; themes. The kitchen was well equipped. Everything looked brand new &amp; all spotlessly clean &amp; stylish - huge balcony tooThe staff were all great. So friendly &amp; polite. Breakfast was served til 1030 each morning in a spacious &amp; bright room. There was a lot of choice, cereals,fruit,meats &amp; cheese plus an egg chef - only complaint was that the bread/pastry offerings always seemed rock hardThe pool area is very pretty with a lovely waterfall feature. There are lots of loungers &amp; the pool is large &amp; clean. The area loses the sun around 1230 unfortunately.The area around the hotel has some building work and a busy road but I am a light sleeper &amp; can say quite truthfully that I never heard any noise from inside the rooms &amp; the comfy beds provided an excellent night`s sleepThe hotel is so perfectly located with the previously mentioned City Center Mall a 2 min walk and lots of nice restaurants within a 5-10 min walk on Al Rigga Rd round the corner. The hotel shuttle to the beach doesn`t give you very much time there as it leaves at 1030 &amp; picks up at 1430. This wasn`t nearly long enough so we discovered on day 2 that the public bus C15 picks up from Al Mamzar Beach &amp; drops right outside the hotel doors so we used this every day. Public transport in Dubai is excellent,clean,reliable,air conditioned &amp; very safe. The journey costs 2 Dhs - or approx 40p &amp; is highly recommended if 3 hours on the beach isn`t long enough. All in all a lovely hotel with no snobbish pretensions,perfectly located &amp; definitely worth a visit	
Nov 3 2008 	Only if I had too!	Stayed during visit a week long work trip to Dubai. Apartment booked by company and was okay as a base on a work trip. Stayed in a two bedroom apartment that was had plenty of space. Wouldnt recommend this as a base for a holiday in Dubai. No real attractions near by except City Centre shopping centre just around the corner. No easy place to pick up a taxi. Pool looked okay bit on the small side. Staff were friendly enough, breakfast had plenty of choice with fresh fruit being the most appealing. If you were going to stay here theres a 24hour store across the park area in front of the hotel for convience or carrefour in the shopping centre for more choice.Would stay again if i had too. Parking area if you have a car. Nice Fish Restaurant behind Copthorne hotel opposite	
Apr 3 2008 	Das Flora Park Hotel ist sehr zu empfehlen		
Oct 30 2007 	Gaeste werden nach Hautfarbe bewertet		
