Nov 11 2009 	Exllent Hotel Of Dubai	The staff ( Naveed Anwar ) very friendly, clean room and luxury service.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent Staff and good hotel	Every thing was great , when you check in try to ask the staff to give you room in the high floor ..it was great , the staff was friendly , the rooms were clean and they didn't let us wait long for our rooms when we checked in I liked to extend my accomadation for longer time, but unfortunatellty I could not &amp; I must return back to my job as soon as possible.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good Hotel. bad Location	The rooms were huge and we had a full kitchen. The hotel is very beautiful but very very far from everything. We called for an airport pickup and they were going to charge us 150 Durhams. Since we are budget travelers, we decided to take the metro. Just take the metro to the mall of the Emirates and then get a cab. We saved 125 Durhams by doing it this way and we got there just as fast. Otherwise its a good hotel for families and others staying for a long time.	
Sep 26 2009 	Very good and nice	I liked this hotel so much , its clean and nice, the room is big and really beautiful , has everything inside , kitchen is big and feels like home . No mistakes in the service or hotel look. The hotel is near good shopping mall, and close to Shaih Zaid ( the end of the street toward Abu Dhabi), its better to rent a car if you stay in this hotel for long time , because you might face transportation problem. As for the hotel , its very good for very small money.	
Mar 19 2009 	It was nice really nice!!	The hotel is located in the Greens area close to Ibn Batotta Mall, in a fairly new building. At arrival we noticed that the entrance is basic but spacious. The staff were gracious and kind, smiling all the time. We checked in no time, and to our surprise we were upgraded from a studio to one bed room apartment and the receptionist didn't even mention it. It was a very nice surprise. The apartment is big, really big. The living room has a large leather sofa, a few more chairs, and plasma TV. The Kitchen is proper and well equipped. As for the bedroom, the room itself is spacious, the beds are large and comfy, and there is a plasma TV also in the bedroom. The room is equipped with two large closets, which was rather good, one of them has a safe box. There are two bathroom, one with a shower and a bath and one is only toilet, both were clean and neat. The breakfast was of a good variety but it wasn't impressive. The coffee they offered was instant coffee, which was of a poor taste. There are plenty of parking spaces, which is a big problem if you stay in a hotel in downtown Dubai. Bottom line, I got my money worth and more!!	
