Jan 22 2009 	Awesome for exchange students 	I stayed in one of the marriott apartments during a semester abroad. It was amazing. We were 4 girls and had 2 double-bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 guest bathroom, a huuuge dining and living room with an open kitchen and our own balcony with a panoramic view over the dubai creek. The staff was really friendly and always smiling, the rooms always clean. Absolutely loved my bed - wanted to take it home with me ;) The pool area, sauna, steam bath and jacuzzi were good for relaxation, in an area of dubai thats not really famous for its holiday-tourism. Cabs were available at almost all times though and since it is really cheap to get around by taxi, it was affordable to get to the clubs, the beach or the mall.A few negative things though: the costs for internet access in the apartment were ridiculously high, right in front of the hotel they where building a new building (sometimes even at night time) and one day the cleaning lady threw out all our left-over food that was waiting for us on the stove.None the less, it felt like &quot;home&quot; after only a couple of days.Perfect for students that spend a semester at the university of dubai (the UD is right across the street) and business people.	
Dec 1 2008 	nice apartment but.....	The one bedroom apartment was nice and spacious, Staff very friendly but told them about the toilet flushing itself constantly all night but was never fixed.Despite the number of apartments it is very quiet, in fact too quiet. The residents lounge has free wi-fi but is like sitting in a morgue.The swimming pool is tiny and so shallow at one end that proper swimming is almost impossible. It is so shaded that you get little sun after 3pm.2 new tower blocks being built next to tower B. the construction goes on all thru the night and is very noisy. traffic noise is also loud.Not bad for a business trip but would not choose it for a holiday. Miles from the beach and other attractions and trying to cross the roads nearby is a nightmare but then again that is the same all over Dubai.	
Oct 29 2007 	Spacious - great beds!	This is the third year in a row we have stayed with Marriott for our annual holiday primarily because of the quality of service. The Executive apartments again did not disappoint. Staff were unfailingly helpful and efficient - even raking through the laundry to find our daughters lost cuddly panda!I suppose my only real beef is the price - the rate I thought I was paying was racked up by unspecified tax and service charges to around $400 dollars a night. However these are prime city centre 5 star resort premises with 24 hour service so I suppose it's to be expected.This was a good choice for a family holiday and my family want to go again - very few hotels will allow you to stay 4 to a room so this worked out well for us. Looking at previous reviews I would make the following comments:ALCOHOL - You are going to an Arab country so must expect it won't be easy. You can buy duty free once you are through passports at Dubai Airport so best make time to do this. Just across the road from the apartments in one of the hotels is The Dublin Arms Pub open until 3 am. Only discovered this 4 days in!TAXI - It's easier to get one if you and the doorman stand on the corner of block B by the roundaboutPOOL - Yes it is a bit small but it's a narrow building so don't know how they could make it much bigger. Probably need a few more sunloungers though.LAPTOP - I used the large Resident's Lounge on the top floor for work as there is a free wireless connection up there.APARTMENTS - Very spacious, very quiet, very clean and we all loved the beds. I'm a bad sleeper but slept like a baby here.ELECTRICITY - UK style 3 pin plugs are used.All in all great place to holiday . You might do better on Jumeirah Beach but this place was fine by us.Paul Robinson	
Apr 5 2007 	Great if you want an apartment	I just spent 3 nights at the Marriott Apartments and was impressed with some aspects and disappointed by others. The rooms are huge. I stayed in a one-bedroom and the bedding was definitely up to Marriott standards - very comfortable. The living room was spacious and even had a Bose music system. The entertainment unit needed some more decorations as it seemed very bare but then I guess guests would steal whatever isn't nailed down. I had no problem with cleanliness and thought the cleaning service did a great job. There is a W/C just off the kitchen if you have guests which is nice. The health club area is very nice although I thought the pool was too small. The sky bridge between the two towers has amazing views over the creek and on to the other areas of Dubai. The food at the Sky Cafe (the only one on site) is OK at best but they do serve Starbucks coffee if that makes your morning. The bad things. SInce this is not a hotel, there is not a steady flow of taxis and I often had to wait up to 30-40 minutes to get one. Even in late March - it was too warm to walk during the day. The apartments have a taxi service but its so far overpriced compared to the local cabs. Also, since this is not a hotel - they do not have a liquor license so if you don't by your spirits (or whatever) at Duty Free on your way in, forget it. Dubai is not a place where you can just pop down to the corner shop and pick up a six-pack of beer. After work in the evenings I wanted to sit back in my apartment with a cold beer and listen to music and unwind from the day's events. No luck. I got the Government rate which was 900 AED before 10% and 10%. Not bad but you can do so much better at the hotels for 1000 AED a night and have your pick of bars and restaurants to patron.I wouldn't stay here again unless I was forced to spend more than a couple days in Dubai for work related reasons. I'll stick to the J.W. Marriott or any of the other 5-star chains.	
Nov 22 2006	HUGE rooms!	I stayed here several nights in October on a special Ramadan rate and found it a terrific bargain for the money (The rates have since gone up considerably, I noticed!) I had a huge living room, bedroom and master bath, plus a kitchenette, all very clean. There's also a washer/dryer combo which is nice though a bit difficult to figure out and my unit didn't dry the clothes.  My main quibble is that there was not a comfortable place to use a laptop - no desk, and the kitchen counter, the nearest flat surface to the phone and highspeed internet connection, was at an uncomfortable height. The hotel is actually in twin towers and the walkway between the two has a stunning view of Dubai Creek. There's also a 24-hour convenience store about 50 yards away, which is nice in a place where it's ususally too hot and full of traffic to walk anywhere. The staff was very nice and helpful.	
May 25 2006 	Hated it	This is my second time staying at the hotel. I was here January 2005 for one month and I had the same problems with cleanliness in this Hotel. The Floors were very dirty, you cant walk in your room bare foot because the floors are sticky. I've tipped the housekeeping to make sure they clean them but nothing was done. They just mop over any dirtiness which makes it worse (sticky). Another big complain was the couch, It was stinky I asked the front desk 4 times to do something about it, at first they promised to change it with a new one in two weeks but unfortunately it never arrived.Then they say that they had changed it 3 times already and they all smell the same (very nasty body odor). Imagine staying in a hotel for 2 months and not being able to sit on your couch, very tough.	
