Jun 8 2009 	Savoy feels like home	Its a great place to live, The rooms are great, the service is good also the amenities make you fell like home.The location is also good to freak around in the evening. Overall a very good experience with the hotel	
Mar 10 2009 	The most kindly staff you can imagine.	We just came back after 7 nights stay at the Savoy Suites - march 2nd - 9th.I had red the reviews here, before booking, and I was a bit sceptical - but it was the only hotel available with our travelagenzy, so we took the chance. WHICH we DON'T regret.The hotel has a good location (where in Dubai are you not expected to walk a bit to reach your destination?). It is extremely clean, fresh, modern, contains all you need, and if you should happen to need more, the kind staff will get it for you at once.The suites are very fine - spacy and clean, and the bathroom is perfect too. The poolarea is not big, but very, very cosy, and at this time of the year, it is more than big enough. The &quot;CoffeeShop&quot; serves a great breakfastbuffet, and to our big surprise, they change the &quot;hot dishes&quot; (8 of them) from day to day, so you don't have the same on the buffet every day.You can easily take a dinner at the restaurant in the evening. A good rib-eye with french fries, a choise between 3 different sauces, and served with 6 - yes SIX - different kind of vegetables, for the small amount of 40 dirhams.I see, that many users on this site &quot;complaints&quot; about noise from constructionworks.....well, show me a place in Dubai, where there are no constructions going on.......and for the moment, there are NO such noise around the Savoy Suites.With a few words: it was a WONDERFUL and PERFECT base for our stay in Dubai, and I wouldn't hessitate chosing the same place again, if I come back to Dubai again.	
Dec 18 2008 	The real name is Savoy suites hotel Dubai	Took one week off with my 75-yearold mother anf flew to Dubai. Checked in and was stunned by how modern and nice the apartment was. When we took the curtains aside we were not that thrilled anymore... A building was under construction and 6 o´clock in the morning, they started to work. The staff on the hotel would not let us have a new room for the whole week!!! Terrible. Breakfast was fantastic. but miss Ella and the man in the reception were so unfriendly, although they were smiling.Dubai is a fantastic city, but next time I go there, it will be in aprox. 5-7 years. There is buildings under constructions everywhere. And don´t believe people who say they don´t expect tip in taxis!Sounds like I am disappointed but we really had fun in Dubai.	
Oct 25 2008 	be warned	We travelled with Mercury Direct and transfers etc really superb. Hotel was excellent with terrific buffet breakfast and the evening meals good and we thought cheap , fillet with jacket and veg for 400 dirhams. We did the 4 hour Dubai tour with Mercury and the car and driver wonderful and we had 15 minutes in the new Atlantis DONT miss this and the aquarium (turn left out of reception). Good location near supermarket/shopping mall BUT a dry hotel so make sure you take in duty free either from Uk or Mauritius or where ever .Rooms were superb a really high standard. Pool welcome but small with limited seating in the shade and boy you need that. Now for the bad news construction taking place at the back of the hotel, we were in 213 and the construction is up to 1st floor. I was literally eyeballing the guys working only some 20/30 yards away and the work started at 6-30 am till 7 pm. The rooms at the front of the hotel i would think would be OK but we tried to get moved, the hotel was full and no joy, good job only 2 nights then. If with Mercury I would suggest the Savoy Park as the cheapest stay otherwise do consider the other alternatives .	
Oct 28 2007 	Functional comfortable hotel	We stayed in Dubai for 3 nights at this hotel on our way to Sri Lanka, and were reasonably impressed. We travelled with Mercury Direct and the choice of hotel options for the Dubai stopover seemed limited so we went for one with reasonable reviews.The hotel is really more of a 'base' than a holiday destination in it's own right. It has very clean and cool lobby with a cafe area which serves at the breakfast area also (breakfast is OK - not a huge amount of choice and some strange options due to the lack of bacon/pork, etc as Dubai is a Muslim country, but good enough). First impressions of the room was very positive - there is a large lounge/kitchenette area and then a bedroom area further in. The bed was extremely comfortable after an exhausting, and very hot, day in Dubai. The bathroom was clean and tidy. The air conditioning worked very well and another 'must' for Dubai. It's VERY HOT outside. There are 2 LCD TVs in the room, but rather limited channel choices. There is a fridge (good to keep cool water in) and a hob if needed.The gym up on the roof is small, as is the pool (not much more than a plunge pool really), and seems a little bit of an afterthought when the hotel was built, but as I said, this hotel isn't a 'holiday destination' and more of a 'base' to explore from.We only had 2 full days in Dubai but packed a lot in:The old town area is worth a visit, but seemed rather deserted when we were there, and the museum is also quite good with a look at the history of Dubai (plus it's air conditioned in parts!).The spice souk was disappointing, and the gold souk is full of shops and shops of gold and all a bit overwhelming - we found a small watch shop and got 2 very nice Swiss watches at a very good price. The trip across the Dubai creek on the boat taxis is an interesting experience, just be ready to jump off at the other end! An evening dhow cruise (they pick up from the hotel) was a lovely way to spend an evening with very good food (air conditioned, again!) but rather mediocre entertainment. Dune bashing in a 4x4 out in the desert + dinner at the bedouin village (complete with belly dancers) was also great fun. If you like water parks, then Wild Wadi is worth a visit - not quite on the scale of Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon in Orlando, but some entertaining water rides.A maximum of 5 days is probably enough in Dubai - it's an unusual mix of the old and new, the concrete and the desert, but very welcoming and growing fast.	
Aug 14 2007 	stop over for a family of five	I found the reception staff at the hotel very helpful. They explained the free excursions from the hotel and other options to tour the city. The rooms were comfortable and quite large. The breakfast lacked in choice but was more than adaquate. The rooftop swimming pool and gym were small and I imagine crowded should more than a couple of rooms visit simultaniously. However my children loved it as we were the only visitors. The outlook around the hotel is very bland but it is only five minutes walk from the Burjuram shopping centre. The big bus company runs from there which for us was the best method of seeing the city. The red route is interesting but the blue route shows you around a very large building site. Dubai is perfect if you like shopping and concrete but was not for me. The hotel is perfect for this short break being only ten minutes from the airport which I thought to be comfortable and very fairly priced.	
Apr 24 2007 	Better places to stay	I have been required to stay at the Savoy Hotel Apartments on and off since early 2006. Our company dictated that we stay at this hotel since they were picking up the tab. My last stay there was in March 2007. I've stayed there approximately 6 times. I've read several of the reviews and I wonder if the people who wrote the reviews actually have stayed at this same property. Let's go down the list.The service is average. The food would have to be considered average to below average. If you miss the standard meal times, good luck getting a hot meal served in a reasonable amount of time.The rooms-below average by Dubai standards. Think Motel 6 with a tile floor instead of carpet. The pool, again, think Motel 6. It's located on the roof but is extremely small, the lounge chairs very cheap, no decorations or scenery to speak of and the adjacent gym is a tiny room by any standard. We have been lobbying our company to switch hotels for us now since our first stay at the Savoy Apartment Hotel and we just received news that our efforts may have finally paid off. We will be switching in the near future and we are ALL happy for that. Dubai simply has too many nice hotels in a similar price range to stay at this very bland and impersonal property. I'm usually not this critical and am definitely not a &quot;nitpicker&quot; but after repeated stays here, I can't wait to switch to a different property.	
May 27 2006	Give this a try..you'll be surprised	We have just returned from a magnificent 5 nights in Dubai and I can honestly say that the staff at the Savoy Hotel apartments made it all the better.We chose this accomodation based on the reviews that fellow travellers had written and given that we were wary of staying on Jumaireh beach with its vast construction work going on.We arrived early morning after an overnight flight from the uk and were allowed to check in immediately.We were greeted with fresh juice and complimentary bottled water in the room. The studio apartment had washing machine, cooking facilities,iron together with the normal hotel room facilities.Breakfast was included in the price and this was well presented and plentiful.The staff while extremely attentive were not obtrusive and went about their roles to ensure the visitor was made to feel special.The rooftop pool was a marvellous retreat to cool off and often we were the only people there - bliss! There was little noise and no major construction work surrounding the hotel.If you don't want to stay on the beach give this little gem a try...you'll be glad you did - we were.	
Mar 5 2006	Average hotel.......	We arrived tired early morning and we were allowed to check-in at 8am instead at noon without extra cost. We had requested a double bed but were given twin beds. Breakfast was impressive but only a small room so a bit crowded. Room average but cooking facilities and washing machine. Daily paper. Free car park. I suppose you could do a lot better or a lot worse!	
Feb 27 2006 	A decent hotel with good value	This hotel isn't the fanciest in Dubai, but it is clean, safe and located in a good spot. There are many places to see that are within walking distance, and the area seems to be safe. They also offer a shuttle that goes to several different spots that are out of walking distance. The staff was for the most part quite friendly as well. For the price that I paid for my room, it was a definite bargain. I would have no problem staying here again.	
Feb 7 2006	Excellent Value for Money	Excellent Value for Money. Booked 2 Double adjoining rooms, very spacious with all the modern day facilities such as fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and bathroom. Breakfast was impressive as was the room service and extra facilities such as swimming pool, gym and indoor restaurant. The free daily shuttle to the beach was also a bonus. The location is very convenient and minutes away from the major attractions.	
Nov 25 2005	Excellent!!! Absolutely Magnificent!	We went to the Savoy Hotel apartments in September 2004 with our two young kids, we stayed there for 14 nights. Our stay was magnificent, the service was excellent and all the staff were really friendly and helpful.The location of the hotel was ideal, and centrally located to all the attractions. Bur Juman centre was within 10 minutes walking distance, Al khaleej centre, McDonalds, central exchange bureau, 24 hrs choithram supermarket, 24hrs spinney's supermarket and a 24hrs pharmacy are within 5 minutes walking distance and meena bazaar (Al fahidi st) is within 7 to 10 minutes walking distance. The location of the hotel was in a quiet street away from the main built up and noisy area which provided a good nights sleep. The hotel provides a free shuttle service to the beach, Gold souk, wafi centre, lamcy plaza, Dubai zoo, museum and Nasser square (deira) everyday at various times. The rooms were fully equipped with cooker, grill, fridge, freezer, washer, dryer, microwave, iron, hair dryer, multi channel satellite TV and air con. Other services included hiring of safe free of charge, pool table, access to the Internet, private car park, money exchange service, and daily newspaper in the 24hrs reception. The breakfast was absolutely delicious and gave a good start to the day. The breakfast ranged from continental, Indian to Middle Eastern. The roof top swimming pool was nice and quiet and so was the gym.The room service menu was really good for whenever you felt like having a snack. Room cleaners were friendly and helpful in all aspects. Overall, the stay was awesome, far more then our expectations. The hotel staffs were really helpful and we had a wonderful time with our newborn baby and toddler.I would recommend Savoy hotel apartments to everyone and I would definitely stay there again.	
May 15 2005	Excellent Value	We were somewhat astounded by the hotel costs in Dubai but found this one on the net. No one had written a review so we weren't sure what to expect. This had a very central location so we were easily able to get to all the Shopping Malls. There was also a courtesy bus to the Jameriah Park Beach each morning and a programme of drop off and collections to the various Malls and Souxs during the week (all free). The room was very clean and spacious with a small kitchenette. The hotel staff were very friendly and helped us decide what to do. Nothing was too much trouble. The pool was on the small side but given everything else the hotel had going for it this didnt bother us. Breakfast was provided and the food was of a good quality. All in all we felt it was excellent value for money	
Jan 12 2009 	gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
