	Excellent for short stop over in Dubai	We were flying to Cape Town from Birmingham but Emirates decided the transfer times were too tight between the flights and offered us a stopover in Dubai. Originally this was to be for only 7 hours but I negotiated a 24 hours stop over with them. The hotel is literally 5 mins from the airport. A driver collected us and we were taken to the hotel which had a separate Emirates' reception. The booking in procedure was very smooth and we were in our rooms and resting very quickly. The rooms were fine, very much as expected with good facilities although the bathroom was particularly small for a hotel of this grade. We used the buffet restaurant for lunch and it had a very good selection of cuisines from around the world. The service was very attentive. We had our evening meal at the hotel's Italian restaurant and found that a little disappointing. There was a huge range of dining options and I am sure something for everyone.We took the hotel's shuttle bus into the city at 1700 hrs and this was rush hour so it took almost an hour. We wandered around the souks and then caught a taxi back for only 20 DHR - much quicker once the traffic had eased.All in all, a good quality hotel that you would expect from the Meridien group. Perfect for airport connections, a bit far out for the city and the beach.	
	Started as Hell but ended as Heaven	A real mix of a holiday - started off as hell but ended as heavenAfter a very long day and flight on arrival at the hotel we were shown straight to our room, where we were checked in, (very nice touch) and was immediately made to feel very welcome. The next day after breakfast we noticed that there were workmen outside our room building a new swimming pool. Did not think this would be a problem as we only sleep in room! But no, the workmen continued working all through the night with drills, hammer guns and electric saws. Foolishly we thought they must be finishing off as no one would work through the night at a hotel like this - disturbing the guests....Wrong. After two nights of this, we spoke to reception who said to pack up and we would be moved later in the day to another room. But by 4.00pm we were still waiting, and when questioned reception about our move we was told that our room move was now not going to happen...... We requested to see the manager and explained to him the situation. I was now at the &quot;tears&quot; stage, no sleep for two nights, and it was becoming a nightmare holiday...The Duty Manager (Anthony) was an absolute saint. He could not have been more helpful, accommodating and apologetic and a new room was found for us. He also arranged for our bags to be taken immediately and later a bottle of wine to be sent to our room as an apology. The new room was an upgrade on what we had originally book and was wonderful, and more than made up for the noise in the last one. And as we were now able to get a good nights sleep we were able to appreciate the other good points of the hotel such as the village restaurants etc. By the end of our break away I can say with all honesty it was one of the best holidays I have ever had in Dubai. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and would be more than happy to return again, and finally a big thank you to Anthony.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great rooms lobby garden and pool	Nice and large rooms, nice large lobby and nice swimmingpool. Also, the big garden is ideal for partys. There is often live music in the lobby.	
Oct 26 2009 	this was a really lovely hotel  would go back therewe were treated very well	really a relaxing few days , food was very good ,the room was very clean,	
Oct 5 2009 	Only five minutes from airport	I overnighted in Dubai on the way to Afghanistan. There was a hotel booth just after clearing customs. After a short wait I was taken to a hotel car with a driver and a young woman in the front. In five minutes we were at the hotel. I was taken directly to my room and the young woman had me fill out the registration form, ordered orange juice for me and shortly thereafter a fruit plate was delivered. The room was clean and very well appointed. I had breakfast in the club near my room and there is also a dining room off the lobby in the front. Due to its location I do not recommend this hotel for an extended stay in Dubai but it's perfect if proximity to the airport is desired.	
Sep 13 2009 	Very good	The best staff, very clean, good service. I recomend it.	
Sep 12 2009 	Well Priced and relaxing	First time visitors to Le Meridien (usually stay at Hyatt Regency) and were pleased with the hotel considering it was the middle of Ramadan. The only negative is there was no hotel information in the room but that led us to exploring. The restaurants in the village were good with a wide array but the Thai one was extremely over priced. What pleased us most was the number of other gay couples that where in house. And thank you for the staff to not question this (especially in a Muslim state) as we were given separate beds at the Hyatt last time in Dubai.	
Aug 31 2009 	Lovely 5* hotel near airport - just a bit far from places of interest	Lovely hotel and the price obtained on Expedia.com was excellent. We just found that whilst it was conveniently situated to the airport, it was a bit far away from places of interest in Dubai. However, the taxis are fairly inexpensive so that is an option. Also there is a shuttle bus from the hotel to City Central shopping mall which is where the hop-on hop-off tourist bus leaves from which the hotel neglected to inform us of and we found out by accident as we walked outside and just saw it there.	
Aug 28 2009 	Simply Fantastic	Everything was great, especially the friendly service. Spacious and very comfortable room. The only (very minor) negative I could report would having been called after 8:30 PM to see if we needed our fruit bowl topping up etc. This would not normally have been a problem at all, other than our toddler sleeping by this time. She was woken on each occasion and she is a nightmare to get to sleep at the best of tiimes.Would definitely stay at this place again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Fantastic	I have stayed at this hotel every year for the last 4 years and this is the best value with wonderful service it has everything you need I only left the hotel twice I have booked for Christmas and will be there again next August	
Aug 15 2009 	High Service Level Out dated Rooms but Good Value for Money	The Le Meridien Dubai is the Airport Hotel. It's located very near to Dubai Airport. It runs a shuttle service to Terminal 1. It's well suited for a stop over. I've stayed three nights in a Classic Room. The hotel is 5 star but the Classic Room is not. It's outdated, especially the bathroom which is more 3-star. But even the Classic Room is equipped with a flat screen TV with a DVD player.There are over 15 restaurants and bars. The room service menu is seperate from the restaurant menus. The room service food is good but not exeptional. The food presentation is. Breakfast is a bit expensive at AED 109 but very good with lots to choose from including many fresh juices, cheeses and even smoked salmon. The presentation of the food is once again very beautiful.The two pools are a bit dissapointing. They offer almost no shadow and are too deep to be used by young children.As with most 5 star hotels is about the service level which is very good. A free newspaper or complementary ice bucket is brought to your room straight away after one phone call. Staff (mostly asian) is very polite. On check out the bill showed lots of mini bar items I didn't consume but the manager took immediate care of that.There is a supermarket located outside the hotel but I didn't go there because of the scorcing heat. Better to take a short taxi ride to a mall and shop there. Wired internet is expensive at AED 1 per minute with a minimum of 15 minutes.The Le Meridien offers great value for money at the moment at rates (without breaffast) that start at as little as AED 280 (around 60 Euro). Any rate up to AED 400 is OK. Above that I think that the rooms need an renovation first.	
Aug 11 2009 	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! TOP CLASS HOTEL	We have just come back from a wonderful holiday at Le Meridien in Dubai and thought the hotel and the facilities superb.On arrival in Dubai we were disappointed that the free shuttle bus was no longer available but transport could be organised at 50 dhs. Having lived in Dubai we knew exactly where the hotel was and jumped in a taxi and within 2 minutes were there which was fantastic.Our flight got in early in the morning and we knew we were too early to check in but went to the hotel nevertheless, after waiting for an hour and a half we were taken to our room. The staff were very courteous and the receptionist showed us to our room and informed us that we had been upgraded to an &quot;art and tech&quot; room.The room was extremely clean, spacious and modern. I would have no complaints what so ever about the cleanliness or housekeeping staff, they really were fantastic.In our room we had a luxurious bathroom complete with power shower and bath. Some people on trip advisor critisised the size of the bathrooms but we found it more than adequate. The room was very modern and had lots of storage, a desk, fridge, mini bar, dvd player, plasma screen, tea/coffee machine, touch screen controls for lights and air con etc. The room was simply perfect, I could have stayed there longer.With this room you get fresh fruit delivered to your room in the evening which was a nice touch and most appreciated.The only problem we had in the two weeks we were there was our remote control batteries went for the television. This didn't pose a problem however, after phoning housekeeping someone arrived and fitted the batteries within 5 mins - hows that for service?We hadn't planned on spending so much time by the poolside but the pool was so inviting and yet again the pool area were well presented and clean. The poolside staff were very friendly and helpful, they really did look after us.We ate most days at the poolside bar and were never disappointed. We also ate in the Yalumba restaurant a few nights and were very impressed with their special offer (99 dishes for 99dhs), real value for money and everything was so tasty.We were really happy with the location of the hotel for what we had planned to do in Dubai, I think it is very well located. There is a courtesy bus to Deira City Centre Mall and we had a courtesy bus to take us to the airport when we checked out. The rest of the time we used the readily available taxis outside the hotel which were cheap enough.If you are thinking of booking this hotel for a holiday or business trip I would highly recommend it. It is without doubt the best hotel I have ever stayed in and will look forward to visiting again in the not to distant future. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.	
Aug 3 2009 	Not special	I had read a lot of positive reviews about Le Meridien hotel before we went so I had very high expectations. Unfortunately the hotel did not meet my expectations. A lot of the reviews mention the complimentaty transfer from airport to hotel but this has now become chargeable (even though the journey is around 2 mins). It's cheaper to take a taxi.We had arrived quite early in the morning (7am) and our rooms were not ready. The check-in staff were not overly helpful in suggesting what hotel services we could use to pass the time until our rooms were ready. I recalled from some reviews that there was a shopping centre shuttle service from the hotel and when I enquired about this I was told to wait in the lounge area and that I would be notified when the shuttle arrives. After waiting for about 1 hour (there were 2 young children with us so it wasn't easy) I went to check on the bus and was told that it had already come and gone. I wasn't very happy.Other than that, the rooms were nice and clean although the bathrooms were exceptionally small. We were supposed to get a daily newspaper but this only came on 1 of the 6 days we stayed there, even though I had requested it specifically.I would only recommend this hotel if you are using it as a stoppover for 1 night as it is so close to the airport. Otherwise, there are much nicer hotels to stay in.	
Aug 1 2009 	A great place to stopover	As we were arriving early morning and only staying two nights, decided yo just book a normal room. However, we were upgraded to an Art &amp; Tech room which was great. We didn't have the use of the Club but that didn't bother us as we wanted to eat th 99 Dirams buffet antway. We didn't find any problems at all and transfers to the nearby airport went smoothly. Couldn't belive how close we were to the airport but with no noise at all. Would probaly try a hotel at the beach next time to be different but would sugest a stop at this hotel if all you want is a restful stopver for a day or so.	
Jul 26 2009 	Ideal stopover and Upgrade a Good Option	We stayed at the Le Meridien for 3 nights on our way home from honeymooning in Thailand. We had stayed in Dubai before, hated it, but decided to give it another go at a different hotel. We're glad we did because this time we really appreciated Dubai.On arrival we were suppose to be sharing transfers to the hotel but were escorted out to a limo. We didn't click we had been upgraded because there was no mention at this point - we just thought we were the only one's arriving from Bangkok that were staying at the hotel and it was easier for them to use the limo rather than a coach.On arrival we didn't have to go through the usual check in procedures which was very much appreciated because we arrived early morning and were knackered. This is when we realised they had upgraded us to a Royal Club Suite.If you have the option ungrade as it's definitely worth it.We had considered it when booking but thought it wouldn't be worth the extra cash but were so wrong.The rooms are much bigger with more amenities. You also get newspapers delivered, plate of fruit for 2, free internet access, breakfast in a more surile setting privately away from the other guests, free sandwiches, cakes etc from 3pm-4pm, free alcohol between 7pm-8pm (although the staff didn;t really stop serving you the odd top up after 8pm).The hotel also has the Le Meridien Village next to it and it's great for choice of restaurants.Would definitely stay here again and would choose the upgrade as I believe the extra cost would be worth it. Staff were excellent.Also, we received a chilled bottle of wine and large chocolate cake as a honeymoon gift which of course was much appreciated! : )	
Jul 22 2009 	Third of my visits to Le Meridien	We stayed as a group of 5 - myself, my 2 daughters aged 21 and 23 and a friend and her daughter. We stayed at Le Meridien Mina Seyahi for 3 nights and then because I loved Le Meridien on the last 2 occasions I booked us in for 1 night in Royal Club rooms.We did not realise that there was a separate check in area for Royal Club so started off in the main check in area but with complimentary coffee and delicious chocs.We had arrived at 12.30pm and when we got to the Royal Club area our rooms were not ready so they let us go into the Club Lounge where we had complimentary drinks.We could not get into our rooms till around 2.30pm. We had stayed in a ground floor room with doors opening onto the pool before so I was a bit disappointed with the location of the Royal Club room. I did find the noise transferrence between rooms quite bad and my daughters who were along the corridor (why did they not put us next to each other when I had booked at the same time over 8 months previously?) were kept awake by noisy children which I would not expect in the Royal Club area.Bathroom was small as on previous stay but the bed and pillows were as comfortable as ever with good coffee machine and TV.We went down to the pool and the attendant was not as attentive as on previous occasions but we managed to find enough beds. We then used the swim up bar and ordered cocktails but were not too impressed as the bartender did not know how to make them. He also kept other guests waiting a long time.We then decided to go for the complimentary afternoon tea which was lovely. Lots of sandwiches, cakes, chocolates etc. The decor of the RC lounge is relaxing and there is a TV lounge area and books and papers, and DVD's you can use in your room.We then went for a rest in our room and headed back to the lounge for drinks and canapes. We only had one canape as we were booked into Yalumba for a buffet meal, but you could have as many drinks as you wanted, which were served by a very good barman who treated us like royalty.The buffet was 99 dirhams for 99 dishes and 15 dirhams for each drink. I must admit I had eaten so much over the last few days I did not have much of an appetite but there was a very good choice and the service was excellent. We then were tired so went to bed and got our alarm call for 6.00 am.There was a breakfast available in the RC from 7.00 (possibly 6.30) which was a buffet but also eggs ie eggs benedict with freshly squeezed juices.We then settled our bill with no problems and got the courtesy transport to the airport.All in all another excellent stay. I think that what gives it the edge is the courtesy of the staff towards us and makes you feel special. The value for money in the summer months is unbeatable and my only problem now is that we are hoping to go for Easter and it is working out rather more expensive - but for a really relaxing treat you cant beat it.	
Jul 21 2009 	Much improved ...	Last year I wrote two quite critical reviews of Le Meridien Royal Club. Because of Trip Advisor‘s policy of “one review per contributor per hotel“ these are no longer available to view. Although I had indicated my intention to change to another hotel, in the event I decided to try Le Meridien one further time, and I am delighted to advise on many positive changes. As background, I have been a regular guest here for the past six years or so, and until late 2007 I couldn’t have been happier. Yes, the room décor is a bit dated, and yes, the bathrooms are small, but the service and extras more than compensated, particularly in view of the reasonable prices even in peak season.On my recent trip (3 nights, arriving 28 June 2009) I again stayed in a Royal Club room. The chaffeured Terminal 3 pick-up arrangements, previously seemingly non-existent, are now much improved and offer a similar level of service to that available from Terminal 1.Check-in was in-room at 01:30 and was quick and efficient. Overall, the room was of a reasonable size, with fixtures and fittings in good condition. A desk lamp would be useful; there was no hair conditioner amongst the complimentary toiletries, although both “shampoo“ and “conditioning shampoo“ were supplied. None of the skirt hangers functioned, the clamping bars failing to fully close. These were quickly replaced by housekeeping.We ate an excellent breakfast daily in the Royal Club Lounge. I‘m pleased to say that the silver cruet sets have been polished since my previous visit, one of the many details which had dissatisfied me. We only used the lounge on one evening for the complimentary cocktail hour; it seems that the hors d’oeuvres are still rationed to one canapé and a bowl of mixed nuts per person.On the first full evening we ate at “Al Minjana“, the Lebanese restaurant in the Meridien Village. Service was efficient, the cold meze was great. We were divided in our opinion of the hot meze, but united in our dislike of the whole meat course, which was overcooked to the point of inedibility. Personally, I felt that the live music was too loud, making it impossible to converse.On the second evening we booked a table at the “Fish Market“. On arrival we were quickly shown to our table and presented with a cocktail menu each. We waited a full 15 minutes, repeatedly trying to attract the attention of waiters, then stood to leave, at which a waiter appeared. Telling him that we were totally unimpressed with the level of service, we went to “Yalumba” restaurant where we enjoyed an excellent seafood buffet and prompt waiter service. My only previous visit to the Fish Market was in April 2004, when I recall being singularly unimpressed with the service. I shan‘t bother again!Generally, service levels throughout the hotel remain high. I still find the Internet expensive, particularly as it used to be complimentary in the Royal Club rooms. One little niggle – a couple of years ago the multiple service buttons on the telephone – housekeeping, reception, room service – were replaced with a single “service“ button. It‘s my feeling that this is less efficient, and disconnects the guest from the staff.Overall, a much improved stay – I‘m pleased to retract my previous intention to find a new hotel – I‘ll be back!	
Jul 15 2009 	Awesome hotel!!	My partner and i have just returned from a 6 night stay at Le Meridien Dubai, and i cannot say enough good things about this hotel! We were a bit worried about it being so close to the airport,but we needed have been! You wouldnt even know it was next to an airport! All the bars and restaurants were excellent, Dubliners is a must!! Pools were great, and the staff couldnt have been more helpfull. Great rooms too! As i said, i cant say enough good things about this hotel, and we will most definatley be returning in the future.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good!	The hotel is really good and the staff really friendly especially in the Yaloumba restaurant where we had our breakfast. As hoenymooners we had a chocolate cake and a bottle of wine waiting for us when we got there. It was nice. Another great thing was the concierge. Everyone there were really friendly and at your ease.The room was quite spacious as we stayed in a simple room. The breakfast was awesome, you had everything you can imagine. A great choice of everything and of course arabic food!If you speak english always confirm twice what you need and what you want to arrange as sometimes they do not understand what you're talking about and you are rest assured that everything is arranged for you, but it's not!!!All in all, a good hotel near the airport from where you certainly need a taxi. I would recommend a more central hotel for more convenience regarding the transport.	
Jul 5 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	This is an amazing Hotel, spotlessly clean with very helpfull staff, spacious rooms and lovely beach and gardens. Five of us went on a girls holiday and asked for 2 inter-connecting rooms which we got. the only downside with the room was, 1 of our rooms was supposed to be a triple room, it had an enormous double bed which 2 of us slept in but the third person had to sleep on a camp bed now we didn't complain as we had such a great time and i'm sure if we told them they may have made changes but we wanted an inter-connecting room so we didn't complainbut I thought for a 5 star this was a bit of a let down.  the sea view was amazing from our balcony. the buffet style breakfast was fantastic, with a huge selection to choose from and excellent service. overall it was a fantastic experience and I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 22 2009 	Fab Hotel	Just back from 4 nights in Le Meridien and found it fabulous. Check in was very efficient and we were given a room within one hour of arrival at 7.00am despite check-in not officially being until 2.00pm. Spacious, comfortable, well appointed room though as others have said the bathroom, though fine for purpose, could have done with a bit of an update. Extensive breakfast (including chocolate fountain if it takes your fancy!!) until 10.30pm in Yalumba restaurant. Gorgeous pool areas open until 7-10pm. Le Meridien village was wonderful for food, I think there are 16 restaurants in there, French, Italian, Tex-Mex, Thai, you name it! We found service to be extremely friendly and efficient, everyone we came across was most helpful. What I found was that even though you are just right beside the airport it feels as if you are away in the middle of nowhere once you are inside the complex. It's fairly near the newly opened Dubai Mall too. Concierge was great upon our check out at 10pm, we were invited to the spa for a freshen up shower etc before departure. Highly reccommend it!	
Jun 16 2009 	Very Good	Very good hotel . Staff very helpful and professional and free upgrade was a bonus! Lovely pool and food and fantastic meridien village next door. Excellent buffet deals in Meridien village which are all inclusive incl alcohol which can save you a fortune in Dubai.Location benefits are dependent on purpose of trip. If business then proximity to irport is a plus. If pleasure then distance from beaches can be arduous. Taxis however are readily available from the entrance but be sure to hail you own as the hotel taxis are significantly more expensive.	
Jun 14 2009 	Fine but not as good as Rimal Rotana	We stayed here for one night a couple of weeks ago and found it ok but not as good as the hotel we had stayed in for our first few nights in Dubai. We stayed here on our last night as it's very close to the airport and we had a reasonably early flight the next day. The concierge was very helpful sorting out a slight altercation we had with our taxi driver who wanted to charge us the full fare despite going in the wrong direction initially and trying to take us to one of the other Le Meridien hotels (I think there are 3) even though we had shown him this one on a map. So beware to make sure the taxi driver knows which hotel you want to go to! The front desk staff however were not friendly at all, in fact I'd go so far as to say they were grumpy both on check in and check out and they initially put us in a smoking room without asking our preference. This was however swiftly sorted out and we were moved to a non-smoking room. It was cheaper than the other Dubai hotel and if you need a hotel close to the airport it is fine but don't expect anything other than average rooms and service. Also, their restaurants looked expensive and were just about empty so for better value and a bit of buzz try the Century Village which has numerous restaurants and an Irish Bar - it's about a 5-10 minute walk and next to the Aviation Club.	
May 28 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed 4 nights here with no complaints. The property has well over a dozen bars and restaurants a couple of pools and plenty to keep you occupied. The executive rooms are perfect! Roomy, great beds, nice work space and the bathrooms are excellent. The only issue we have is the location. With Dubai growing like it is the traffic is horrible on certain nights and the trendier spots are on the other side of town. The taxi rides get a little long at times. But if you're just passing through or are on business and need a great place near the airport, this hotel is unmatched in Dubai. If you want a little trendier area I'd suggest Emirate's Towers.	
May 27 2009 	clean comfortable convenient	I'm barely competent to judge this hotel since I arrived late one night and left early the next morning. But in that short time I couldn't think of anything to complain about. The broadband worked well. My room was well appointed, roomy, clean and comfortable. I took a walk around the lobby and grounds and it's a nice place, if you like that flashy Dubai scene. There are a bunch of bars and restaurants ina nearby ``village mall'' you can walk to, and you can also walk to the Bustan hotel nearby. But that's about it. Terminal 1 is right across a mega-highway. In theory you can walk, but I never figured out how since there are no sidewalks. So we ended up taking a hotel car for what couldn't have been more than 500 meters as the crow flies (I was charged about $15 for the shuttle from the Meridein's airport counter, but the shuttle back to the hotel the next morning was free. Don't know why.) Do note that Terminal 2 is much further away, count about 10-15 minutes by car even in light traffic. I never had time to eat at the hotel or use the pool or gym. A shame. My gut sense is that even though this place is much more than a mere airport hotel, there's little point staying here on a personal trip, but it would be convenient for a business trip, especially if it involes a late arrival or early departure.	
May 13 2009 	premium service	Stayed for four nights, bkd a Royal Club package. Hotel staff excellent speedy check in, excellent airport transfers. Royal Club breakfast good as afternoon tea. Enjoyed the diversity of the Meridien Village next door which had everyting from the' Dubliner 'to the 'Wharehouse' bars. Swimming pool area [3] excellent.Rooms a bit dated, could do with overhaul/update. Although situated next to Airport, transport is provided to souks and Deira, local taxis reasonable, beware Hotel limousines.	
May 2 2009 	Good Hotel	The property is quite nice, however I did not like the proximity to the airport. Not much to do around the hotel and the closest thing is the city center deira mall. They usually have a shuttle to the souk and deira city center, and you should use that. The rooms are very nice and the restaurants are a plenty (a little expensive though). All in all, if you get a good deal its a nice place to relax and get away from the city life but I wish it was closer to the city center.	
Apr 22 2009	Not bad	I thought the hotel was nice. Centrally located. The staff is very helpful.	
Apr 16 2009 	Ok for the price	for a stopover at DXB, this hotel is okay, 24 hour breakfast and regular and efficient (and free) transfers to the airport are important. checkin took ages though even though i was the only one checking in, reception generally was rather inefficient. the room service was very friendly and competent, the food was great and not even overpriced for dubai standards. I had one issue as music was playing until 11 at night outside my room, where a restaurant was open and filled with drunk Brits, which was slightly annoying, but this was the only drawback really.	
Apr 14 2009 	Lovely hotel with excellent staff	We went to Dubai for 4 nights. The hotel shuttle came promptly for us at the airport and the heck-in service is excellent with it being done in your room! We got a classic room which was spacious enough for two and a good clean bathroom. We had complimentary fruit every day and the room service was excellent! We were on a budget so the only thing that was a slight disappointment was how expensive the restaurants were in Le Meridien Village - if you travelled for 10 minutes into Deira you get lush, authentic food for much much cheaper prices. As the hotel is a little way out from the beach etc, we had to travel a bit - but the hotel has free transport to the beach, Gold Souk and the Deira City Centre Mall which was great. Overall though the hotel made the stay in Dubai very pleasurable!	
Apr 13 2009 	Better than expected	Very comfortable hotel, not immediately adjacent to modern Dubai but full of character.Very helpful staff -allowed us to book in within two hours of early morning arrival (7.00am)Early morning taxi arrived on time without any problemsThe Creek was worth a visit as was the the local &quot;shopping area&quot; (not that we bought anything)But be warned Dubai airport is a nightmare- lack of sensible toilet facilities/layout of food areas	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent hotel	We found this hotel very comfortable and well appointed. Our room was spacious with great facilities especially the bathroom. The service was excellent and the hotel brought a complimentary chocolate cake and bottle of wine up to our room as it was our honeymoon, which was very generous and a lovely suprise. We ate the buffet breakfast in the restaurant - we've never seen so much choice of different types of dishes and cuisines for breakfast ! It was all delicious too. We were only staying for 24 hours as a transit stop, so we found the location ideal as its very near the airport and we didn't need to worry about traffic etc. If we were staying for longer it might have been interesting to stay nearer the beach/city centre, but equally this hotel has so many facilities (a large choice of restaurants and three different pools etc) it would have been a good base for a longer stay.	
Apr 10 2009 	Could have been alot better	I stayed a total of 3 nights at this hotel and stayed in the Royal Suit club room. I have to say that I was really disappointed there where a number of issues, I booked on the hotel website and booked a non-smoking room and was allocated a smoking room.The free internet and complementary bottle of wine has now been withdrawn and these services you have to pay for.I had to call housekeeping back to my room as this had not been done and the whole design of the room is old and worn. On the plus side I do find the staff to be friendly and the checking in process is fantastic which is done in your room, if you get allocated the correct one!!! Breakfast is also great with a wide range of foods on offer. Would I return to this hotel, sadly not, I think the money I spent on the hotel I could have got a far better room with free internet access such as the Millennium Hotel which is only across the road from this hotel and is fairly new.	
Apr 2 2009 	beautiful hotel near dubai airport	Gorgeous hotel, lovely grounds and pool and great rooms. The best of the ones near the airport in the 5* range that I have tried.	
Mar 26 2009 	fab	Stayed for 2 nights in a club room, We thought it was excellent ,yes he bathrooms were small but that wasn't an issue the room was lovely the service was fantastic. The pool near the club rooms was superb . The staff so friendly and attentive, wished we had spent the whole week there.	
Feb 15 2009 	The Art 	I was booked into this hotel for a transit stay, just one overnight, and was upgraded into one of the Art &amp; Tech rooms, which I have to say are marvelous. Nice, functional design with blond woods, a very work-friendly curved desk surrounded by electrical outlets that fit any kind of plug, and lighting that detects your movements with motion sensors and turns on soft lighting ahead of you.... no fumbling for bathroom lights. There was a glass walled rain shower that served as a separator between the main room's and the bathroom - it was frosted glass but could be somewhat awkward if you shared a room and your mate let the room service cart in while you were showering ;-) Very convenient to the airport, and food was good even in the lobby bar. Downsides.... expensive internet charge, and the atmosphere was a little cavernous and big-resortish. if you love big resorts, that is ok, but given Le Meridien's location far away from a beach, I can't see choosing this as a holiday accommodation. Reception and restaurant staff were very good. At check in, which was done by one of the staff that accompanied me from the the lobby directly to my room, I was offered a complimentary drink. I asked for apple juice. When the reception person came back with my credit card, she said &quot;juice is coming right up&quot; but it never appeared. Porters were speedy. I appreciate the free airport transfer, but this only applies to Terminal 1 - if you fly in or out of Terminal 2 you are on your own! I think I got good value, but this may be because I got upgraded to a very nice room. The Art &amp; Tech rooms are nicely decorated, high quality towels and sheets, and a very comfortable bed. I wish I had had more time to actually sleep in the bed on my layover and to explore the hotel a little more. What I saw of the pool area looked welcoming, and had I not been traveling alone I would have been tempted to try one of the several interesting restaurants on the grounds. One maintenance item of note: the rain showers are mounted directly in the drywall of the bathroom ceiling, which is already showing signs of water damage or leaky spots. And the full body shower mounted on one wall of the shower shoots out stinging needle-like jets of water that cannot be adjusted for a softer spray. Design of the shower is pure decadence, but execution of the construction could have been better. Still, it was a very nice bathroom altogether.	
Feb 1 2009 	All was there	A nice hotel, which has a connection with Emirates Airlines. If you fly business class and have to wait more then 6 hours for your connecting flight, this is where you go.The hotel was good and basically... nothing to complain.	
Jan 24 2009	There are Much Better Places to Stay in Dubai	We stayed at Le Meridian-Dubai for 2 nights a the end of a 6 week tour of Australia/New Zealand.We had paid extra for a Club Room after having had a fantastic stay in a club room at the Grosvenor 18 months ago.The Le Meridian was extremely disappointing and the extra paid for the club room was a total waste of money. The room was very dated with poor decoration. The bathroom was also poor without any of the 5star luxury that we had seen at the Grosvenor.The evening canapes and cocktails that are part of the Club experience were a farce. House wine and a single (poor) canape. None of the champagne and fine wines with delicious hot selection of canapes that we were expecting.If you are looking for a room to catch an early flight,at the nearby airport ,and can secure a low price, it may be OK. If you are looking for somewhere with a taste of luxury, forget it !!!	
Jan 5 2009 	Not a five-star experience	There are many other, better five-stars in Dubai for the same amount of money. The room was fine (unlike other reviewers, I was not upgraded). I appreciated the in-room espresso machine, but the bathroom was extremely dated -- a cheap wall-mounted hair dryer and flimsy shower curtain don't meet my definition of luxury. The gym closed at 10 pm -- in fact, the one of the gym workers unplugged my treadmill while I was still running on it at 9:50 -- so the facilities are not available for those travelers who might arrive late at night and want to work out. The room service menu was surprisingly limited for a hotel that boasts 17 restaurants, and had very few healthy vegetarian options such as salads. The internet costs extra. The staff seemed friendly and helpful.	
Jan 4 2009 	Le Meridien is pretty nice (45 stars)	Nice big scale luxury hotel with some issues. Firstly the location is remote: it takes more than 20 minutes to get to Jumeirah Beach, so if you value sea, pick a hotel closer to the Dubai Marina or Jumeirah (and most likely pay more for that). Otherwise it doesn't matter since Dubai as a city is like Los Angeles: you need to take a taxi to get anywhere anyways. Thankfully it's rather cheap.Secondly the pool areas are inadequate. The three pools are able to barely accommodate guests and there seems to be a culture of reserving chairs early in the morning with a book, towel etc. but not using them. So the best seats are taken through the day, but most remain empty. Common in three star family hotels and not very luxurious.Third problem was the concierge service which is a must in a city as sprawled as Dubai. Though staff was rather helpful and polite, it was reactive, never proactive. Dry alcohol-free nights (which occurred 2 times in 7 days) and such were not communicated to guests if not specifically asked.Le Meridien is a nice hotel especially for families. Staff is mostly very professional, restaurants serve quality food and the ambiance is sophisticated. If you aren't looking for a boutique experience, but a luxurious resort kind of hotel, Le Meridien is a good pick.	
Jan 3 2009 	Amazing Experience!	We arrived at the hotel and as we had a courtesy shuttle included with our stay, we approached the hotel desk and after a short way were whisked away to a shuttle and literally two minutes later arrived at the hotel! The front desk staff were extremely kind and as we were too early to be able to get into our room we were provided with full access to the fitness centre to shower and change into fresh clothes - this was great! We did just that and then headed straight into town. The hotel provides free shuttle service to the Dubai Mall and to Deira City Centre Mall - or if you prefer, it will get you a hotel taxi (a luxury lexus or merc) or a local taxi.The breakfast is absolutely exquisite with fresh eggs, pancakes, dosas, made to order - just the way you like it! The restaurants in the hotel also provide a delicious array of food.The staff are extremely polite and friendly and will try and do their best to please you.This hotel is a definite must stay! Especially if you enjoy being pampered and looked after!	
Dec 21 2008 	Absolutely fabulous!	Throughly enjoyed our stay at the Meridian Dubai - we were on our way home from Meeru in the Maldives and it was a lovely way to end our honeymoon - in pure luxury and pampering. Food was awsome, service excellent and the shopping in Dubai is, as always sublime! When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that we'd been upgraded to the 'Royal Tower'. We were extremely well looked after and made to feel really special - the management sent us gifts of afternoon tea, a cake, wine and champagne as we were celebrating our honeymoon. We really couldn't fault them and a huge huge thank you!	
Dec 6 2008 	Food lovers delight	We stayed here for five days before continuing to Mauritius so our purpose was discovering Dubai rather than enjoying the beaches. To this end it was a perfect choice. Located near the airport (although you never heard the planes) and allowing easy access to Deira and Bur Dubai it is a good location if the focus of your trip is the city itself. Perhaps because of this it is predominantly a business travellers hotel. In a city where newer, bigger, better is constantly being developed keeping up with the crowd is the ongoing challenge and Le Meridien's claim to food is its gastronomie. There are no less than 15 different restaurants offering all types of cuisine from French to Australian and Lebanese to Thai. Some of these are in an annex attached to the hotel whilst others are scattered around an attractive courtyard where al fresco dining is the way to go. Note however that non are particularly cheap but there are deals and special offers at certain times. Best of all however is the breakfast which is a veritable feast of well prepared fresh food, fruits and pastries.The level of service in the hotel couldn't be faulted. As other reviewers have mentioned if you arrive early as we did you are likely to have to wait for your room but they endeavoured to prepare our room as soon as possible (we still had a few hours wait) and did provide free drinks at the lobby bar whilst we waited. The hotel is beautifully decorated and we had no complaints about our room. I'd read that some of the rooms are a bit shabby but unless ours had been recently renovated this certainly wasn't the case. We had a problem once with the coffee machine so I called and literally within a minute someone came and fixed it. The facilities are good. There are two smallish leisure pools and a pool for lane swimming. The gym is very good but we never used the spa (no time).It is easy to get taxis (walking anywhere isn't really an option) and there is a courtesy bus to the city centre mall which is not as high profile as some of the newer malls but is just as good. If you want to spend more time in 'modern Dubai' then you should probably stay in Jumeirah or Sheik Zayed Rd as the journey can be quite lenghty and a bit pricey but if it is the Creek, the souks and old Dubai that you are after then it is a great base.All in all we were more than satisfied with Le Meridien.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great transit hotel	Excellent location as a transit hotel – only minutes to the airport, you could almost walk there. Good quality rooms, nice pool area, well equipped gym. Dress code was enforced at virtually all the restaurants so watch what you are wearing. Breakfast was nice and very good service. Just be careful if you want a non-smoking room to be very specific as although we had requested this we were both initially put in to smoking rooms.	
Nov 10 2008 	Excellent	Superb!Lovely hotel, we were upgraded when we arrived.Spacious room and bathroom (TV sound linked to bathroom was cool)Bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever stayed in.Breakfast was excellent, huge variety and superb service.Best airport hotel I've stayed, wished I'd had more time for the pool.Pick this one.After living in Dubai for a while you get used to 5 star, but this is a good one and highly recommended.	
Nov 9 2008	Brilliance a its height	Living at le meridien is a chance of a lifetime. As soon as i entered the hotel i could actually feel like a VIP by the way i was treated by the staff. They awesome room service and also a prompt response to anything you want. Very comfortable romms and beds and brilliant pillows and cool tv's.If wanna visit dubai le meridien would be the best choice.....!!	
Oct 31 2008 	Affordable luxury	Stayed here 1 night to break the journey from India to Europe. Booked a club room for around £100.Excellent transfers to and from the airport by Mercedes S class limo.Room and bathroom rather small but very well appointed, luxury linen and toiletries.The hotel really scored on it's club facilities included in the room rate; excellent afternoon tea and unlimmitted pre dinner cocktails and canapes.Good pools. Reasonably priced food and good room service.I would definately use this hotel again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Had a great stay but room was below expectations	We used to live in Dubai, and although we had never stayed at Le Meridien near the airport, we had been there for meals a couple of times and it seemed a nice place. So, we were happy to book to stay for four nights in mid-August in a club room, which included complementary airport transfers, and use of the club lounge and business centre. When we made our booking I had included a request for a small gesture of some type from the hotel as the trip was to mark our wedding anniversary, and I asked for a late check in and specified our arrival time.We landed on time, but when we got to the Meridien desk at the airport, our car was not there. This was apparently because they did not have our flight number, but I was never asked to supply this, and I had included our arrival time in my special request with the booking, although the booking was not direct with the hotel. Anyway, the car arrived within about 10 minutes and the guy on the desk was extremely professional and courteous. The car was a Mercedes S350 with full leather etc., and we found ourselves wishing that the hotel wasn’t so close to the airport so we could enjoy the luxurious car a bit longer. One of the Reception staff accompanied the driver, and they both enquired about our journey etc and were very courteous. The journey was only a few minutes mainly using the back roads, but the driver was smooth and safe, something you always have to be thankful for in the Middle East!We were delivered to the Club entrance at the rear of the hotel, and our baggage taken care of. The same lady who was with us in the car took us directly to our room, and on the way pointed out the club facilities. Check-in was conducted in the room itself, with only minimal forms to complete. Our passports were delivered back within minutes once they had been copied. We had to give a credit card so they could imprint it for possible incidental expenditure of up to 2000 Dirhams, but this was not a problem. Overall the check-in process was extremely smooth. We also got a nice surprise in the room, as there was a chocolate cake, a bottle of wine and a vase of 6 fresh red roses in recognition of our anniversary, so we were really pleased with the effort the hotel made on that score.The room itself was a bit of a let down in some ways. The bathroom was the smallest I have seen in a 5 star hotel anywhere, and considering it was a club room, the bathroom was actually really poor. If two of you go in at the same time, prepare for some manoeuvering around and squeezing yourself against the wall to make some room. The wall-mounted hairdryer was close to useless (according to my wife), but we found out from a regular guest that Reception will readily give you a decent powerful one on request.The room was decorated in a pretty non-descript boring style, but the bed base matched the fabric wall panels and the 2 armchairs. That sounds nice enough until you look closer. It was pale blue cheap nylon, and the 2 armchairs covered in the tacky stuff belong in a 2 star hotel not a 5 star hotel club room. The stitching was also fraying on the arms of the armchairs. Did this spoil our stay? No of course not, but it is not exactly what you expect from a chain like Le Meridien and a 5 star hotel at 5 star prices. Maybe they are going to refurbish the rooms. The more expensive Art rooms, which we saw a glimpse of as they were being cleaned, look modern and attractive but we couldn’t tell if the bathroom was any bigger or better. On the plus side the bed linen was good quality and the bed comfortable, there is a tea and coffee machine with supplies, a flat screen TV and a minibar. The aircon was efficient and not particularly noisy. There was a sliding door leading the gardens, and a small patio outside of the room with a table and two garden chairs. Our room looked onto the tennis courts. Next time we would ask for a room on the other side, where it looks onto one of the pools. One strange omission was that there was no alarm clock/radio which is standard these days. We could not fault the housekeeping staff for their professionalism though – the room was spotlessly clean and supplies always replenished. On arrival you fill out some cards, one to choose your room cleaning time, and another for your preferences about which fruit you want every day in your room and what types of canapés and their delivery time. These are nice touches.The club lounge was nice enough, with a flat screen TV, armchairs and tables and chairs, and a bar. The service was excellent, courteous and on the right side of attentive rather than intrusive. Breakfast is served there, and you can afternoon tea and evening drinks, all included. Our only negative comment was that the aircon seemed to be set very low, and my wife found it so cold (despite a jumper) that we didn’t actually spend too much time in there. However, I would not use my wife as a good temperature benchmark, as like me most people in there seemed very comfortable sitting in shorts. If you are the sociable type, there always seemed to be a handful of people in the lounge chatting and swapping travel stories.The business centre was unusual in that all 4 computers were in full working order and the internet connection was really fast – my experience in most business centres is that you find at least one of the computers broken and the “broadband” slower than dial up!We spent one day round the pool. It has plenty of sun loungers, a Jacuzzi, a pool bar, toilets and a lifeguard, and a nice wooden bridge that crosses over the top of it. It was perfect for lazing around enjoying the sun and a few drinks. The lunch snack we ordered was also very tasty, and as usual the service was very good. There are at least 2 other pools, but we didn’t try themWe could not write this review without mentioning our visit to the Al Mijana restaurant for dinner. It serves Lebanese cuisine and came highly recommended. I don’t know if it is just Thursdays or every night, but the only choice was a set menu. It is the only time in my life when I have been to a restaurant and left feeling utterly bemused and embarrassed. The set menu was a mezzeh, which is a load of small dishes of different types served with bread. For those who haven’t mezzeh, the closest thing I can think of is Spanish tapas – hopefully that will give an idea.However, at Al Mijana they take it to a whole new level compared to our previous experiences of mezzeh. As far as we could count, there were about 18 cold dishes and another 4 hot dishes, plus a non-stop supply of delicious warm Arabic bread and a huge bowl of whole salad items (cucumber, carrots, salad leaves etc., and somewhat bizarrely half a cabbage!) If these dishes had been small (adequate for 2 people) there would be not be a great problem, but they weren’t. We were astonished at the amount of food put before us. It is no exaggeration at all to say that there was enough for definitely 6 people and probably 8, so of course even through we ate much more than we would usually, there was literally a mountain of food left uneaten. And then they brought the dessert, which was 3 different types of sweet cakes, half a dozen apples and pears, a large bowl of strawberries, and then bowls of grapes and plums. Again, there was enough there for about 8 people. While the unused fruit is probably recycled, the hot and cold uneaten mezzeh will be just thrown away. This monumental waste of food was the reason for our embarrassment, because around the world and even in Dubai there are people without enough to eat, and yet delicious nutritious food was going to waste in front of our eyes. The service was great, the food quality excellent, and the restaurant very pretty, but we won’t be going back unless it is to eat a la carte. Maybe these things wouldn’t bother most people, but living in the Middle East and seeing some of the squalid poverty and hunger some people (especially the unskilled labourers) have to endure, the meal left us very uncomfortable.2 further points to bear in mind – smoking (including shisha, the smell of which leaves my wife almost heaving she finds it that disgusting) is allowed, so if you are a non-smoker, expect your meal to be in a smoky atmosphere, especially if you eat later when the majority of the locals eat. Wine – the wine list was quite extensive, but the prices, even for Dubai, were eye-popping. Normally restaurants have 3 or 4 bottles for between 190 and 350 Dirhams (£34 to £62), so those of more modest means can still enjoy a reasonable bottle of wine (these are wines which would be roughly about £5 to £8 in a UK supermarket). At La Mijana we stuck with water. We are certainly not wine experts but we got chatting to a guy at the hotel who seemed to be well-travelled and very knowledgeable on wine, and he was scathing about the wine list prices at La Mijana, saying that they were an absolute rip-off for the quality, and that was in August, way before the recent collapse in the Sterling exchange rate which made the wine even more expensive. Buyer beware on that one. All in all we enjoyed our stay, and we would gladly go back. It was peaceful and relaxing, the service was excellent, and the facilities very good. Although the airport was relatively close by, we were amazed that we hardly noticed any aircraft noise at all. The only disappointment was the bathroom and the room decor, and these things have taken it down from rating it 5 to 4 on Tripadvisor for us.	
Oct 15 2008 	old but clean 80s hotel next to the airport	Emirates offered us (and all business and first class passengers that require it apparently) a night at this hotel, given that no connection was available the same day for our destination. The hotel is dated but very clean, beds are comfortable enough, very wide choice of apparently good or above restaurants. Very good breakfast. We tried the Thai on Emirates dime and really liked it. Extremely convenient to the airport. If you need to stay close to the airport this is not a bad choice.	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent although inconsistent in (minor) ways	I have stayed at Le Meridien Dubai on numerous occasions. I find their service, food, accommodation and amenities excellent, and am also very happy after completing a stay there. I am frequently upgraded to the next level of room from the one I have booked, which shows recognition for the loyalty I show that hotel.The buffet breakfast in the Australian &quot;Yalumba&quot; restaurant, which has received &quot;Time Out, Dubai&quot; awards, is superb. The best breakfast I have ever had. All the food you could want: ranging from fresh pancakes, any kind of eggs, healthy options, cakes, etc to chicken curry! And a welcome smoothie on arrival to the restaurant.The only point that occasionally disappoints me about the hotel is their inconsistency on the little things. Occasionally, when I have booked their top &quot;Art &amp; Tech&quot; rooms, I have not received my complimentary drinks, canapes, chocolate on the pillow, newspaper etc. But these should not put visitors off. The Art &amp; Tech rooms are worth booking for the 'rainforest' shower alone..!I will continue to stay at Le Meridien Dubai when I pass through Dubai every few weeks.	
Oct 10 2008 	No way again!!	Stayed two nights! what a rip off. Be carefull of extra charges specially room service.The hotel will charge your credit card on the spot for anything even though; they’ve already authorized and reserved money to cover your bills, but on top of that they will charge your credit any how. At check out make sure they don’t double charge you and make sure the authorized and reserved money is back to your credit account.In the hotel itself, there isn’t much to explore, you will have to leave the hotel in the heat to go to their restaurants and the Irish bar the Dubliners, located outside the hotel.The most noticeable, thing for me, was that the staff aren’t friendly and they watch you like bouncers do in a night club. I didn’t feel comfortable. Next time, I will stay in a hotel where they trust and respect their guests. As a guest, I believe staff and their duty managers need interactions skills courses.  If you want a stay worth your money, look around else where in Dubai there are so many excellent hotels top class in Dubai for lower cost and excellent staff and facilities.	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved the Le Meridien Dubai	We stayed at the Le Meridien Dubai in June 2008 - the hotel is close to the Airport and although it appears to be used more by business men- as Aussie travellers we were treated as well as if not better than the business guest - they are trying to promote it to the traveller- we walked out of arrivals at the airport and the Le Meridien booth was right there - we were in a car within 10 minutes. We had a hiccup on arrival as our room had been used by a smoker - but the problem was soon sorted out, lovely and clean, all staff from the Duty Manager, Front desk to the cleaners were so helpful, could not fault the service at all - hotel is not new, but well maintained-step out in the Dubai heat and there is a car or taxi for you immediately - lots of eating options - nice pool in the ground not on top of a highrise building we loved the fact that it is set in lush grounds and only on 2 levels-we would certainly stay there again - and have recommened it to friends who recently stayed and they also enjoyed	
Oct 4 2008 	No privacy	My aim was to relax in this hotel a way from work and bustling city.I’ve stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. I used the mini bar in my room. Next day the hotel refused to stock the mini bar because they said that, “Hotel Management have noticed that I used the mini bar and that I only order drinks”. I was shocked , and couldn’t believe it, so I rang room services to order a drink and to confirm that , I wasn’t dreaming, NO it wasn’t a dream the rooms service have told me that they can’t bring me any drinks because of management orders. You may not believe this, or you may think, that my behavior caused that, but I grantee you there was no reason for this behavior and, I was much more upset over spying on guests more than refusing a room services. I immediately checked out and moved to crown Plaza hotel.	
Sep 27 2008 	Perfect stopover	We wanted to use Dubai as a stopover on our return from Australia for the first time. We flew Emirates who we rated very highly and an advantage of using Dubai and Singapore as stops is that each sector is less than 7.5 hours flying.We loved Le Meridien mainly because of the staff and the food. It has a courtesy shuttle and is a stone's throw from the airport without too much airport noise. I picked this hotel as I knew that the traffic was crazy in Dubai and I didn't want to be held up on my return to the airport but knew that I would need to get a taxi into the heart of the city each day. This wasn't a problem going but one day we queued an hour for a taxi back from Deira CIty Centre. The staff couldn't do enough for you and were exceptionally polite and helpful.The rooms were spacious with comfy beds and crisp sheets. There was complimentary water and a fruit bowl. They had the usual iron and hairdryer but also a proper coffee machine. There was also a safe. The bathrooms were well lit with a bidet, loo, bath with shower over, a washing line and weighing scales!There was a flat screen TV and DVD..There was a great choice of restaurants. We used Dubliners and Yalumba.The breakfasts were one of the best we'd ever had with choices ranging from curry to chocolate fountain! They had cereals, fruits, yogurts, juices, a chocolate buffet, cakes, pastries, breads, preserves, waffles, pancakes, eggs cooked to order, curry, smoked fish, pates, sausages, beans, tomatoes, hash browns, mushrooms and much more!No regrets.	
Aug 13 2008 	I want to live there!!	We absolutely loved the le meridian and will definately go back. We were upgraded to an art and tech room which meant that we got free drinks at happy hour, a daily fruit platter, sweet canapes in the evening and a nightcap in our room.The room was incredible, everything you could want or need, and the bathroom was the nicest I have ever seen.Breakfasts were amazing, a buffet as well as your choice of a la carte was included and the highlight was definately a chocolate fountain.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, although there appeared to be a lot of trainees.can't wait till next time	
Aug 12 2008 	Handy for the airport	We stayed at Le Meridien Dubai on the way back from Thailand on honeymoon. We were very tired when we arrived, having been travelling all night, so we were pleased that we only to to travel less than 10 minutes to the hotel, with the complimentary shuttle service.The hotel lobby was nice, perhaps a bit dated. The room was fine too, nothing special but had everything we needed. The breakfast was included and was by far the best breakfast we had in any of the hotels we had been in. A great choice of food. There are also a number of excellent restaurants at the hotel, we particularly liked the Japenese restaurant Kiku. However, we did find it expensive. The hotel has 3 pools, one with a swim up bar, nice but again very expensive.The staff were always pleasant and helpful and we arranged a couple of tours through the hotel. The only thing we did feel a bit disappointed with was that after Thailand, where we were made to feel very special as honeymooners, at Le Meridien there was not the same personal service. It is more geared up for business trips. However, we did put this on our feedback form the night before we left and the duty manager called us and apologised that they hadn't realised we were on honeymoon and sent us up a complimentary bottle of wine.I think this is a good hotel for a few days in Dubai, possibly not the best for honeymooners.	
Aug 6 2008	Don't turn up early!!!	This was my fourth visit to Le Meredien - the first two with my husband and the last two visits with a female friend. Perhaps it was the timing of the plane's arrival which was different the first time because we were dealt with very quickly at reception and then whisked along to our room. Our visits were without event and we had a lovely time. So lovely, I persuaded my girl friend to pay quite a bit more than she wanted to to stay there with me when I returned this year. We arrived on an early morning flight from Australia and even after we'd taken our time checking through the usual formalities and awaiting the arrival of the Meridien car, it was still only 7am when we arrived at the hotel. Naturally, we were told our room wasn't available and to wait 'a few minutes' for a vacancy. The 'short wait' lasted almost 5 hours. We were later informed that check in time is 'usually after mid-day' . There is a tendency for long haul flights to arrive at Dubai in the early hours of the morning and I do advise all passengers flying from Australia to be subsequently conscious of the long wait for hotel rooms and if a 5-6 hour wait in a hotel lobby after a 14 hour flight sounds horrendous (and it is!) to consider booking accommodation from the previous night (which can be an added expense and begs the question of whether this will make much difference), or choosing a '24-hour' hotel (which are few and far between). When we returned to Australia in July we endured the same wait. For readers who think I'm diabolical expecting a room to be available that early in the morning I should say that this treatment is not discretionary: two British families with young children who arrived at 8am, having paid for the previous night's accommodation, waited over two hours for their rooms: this suggests that the hotel is well aware not only of the flights which guests are booked on but also their estimated times of arrival. Therefore, it is likely that even if you have booked a room the night before but are not expected to arrive until the following day, your room will be allocated to another guest and you will have to wait until at least 10am before they vacate and the room has been cleaned. That apart, it is fair to say that this is a very good hotel - although I believe it's services are closer to 4* rather than 5* level. The hotel has good pools, an Irish pub (serving good cheapish food) and several other restaurants besides. I have eaten previously at the pub but this time chose to eat at the Thai restaurant - good food and moderately priced. However, even at 7.30pm we appeared to be the only people eating in any of the restaurants - whilst the pub was booked out. The hotel's breakfast is absolutely superb - even has a chocolate fountain. Staff are very attentive and service is efficient. If I had one gripe, it's that although we were out of our room for 4 hours and asked for it to be 'made up' this did not happen until early evening. As well, we received 'turn down' of our beds only once in four days. It might be a good idea when booking accommodation in Dubai to check with Emirates Airways or your travel agent to see whether Le Meridien has a small fee for offering rooms earlier - it will certainly help you to get over the jet lag more quickly.	
Aug 1 2008 	One of the best hotels I've ever visited	The hotel was very clean. The stuff extremely helpful. The location perfect, because you are near the town, but not stucked in the traffic.Very near to the Dubai attractions	
Jul 1 2008 	better htan expected	i usually do not like fancy hotels as I don't like to be bothered with formality and I like to carry my own bag. I also don't like that eveything costs extra that should be included. Internet should be included in all hotels and here it cost me like 20 bucks extra.Besides this and my almost 30 dollar breakfast, the hotel was great. . The staff was courteous and my room was impeccable. Great climate control is so important in Dubai and I got it. My only other beef is that most of the rooms are a far walk from the main lobby and the halls are a bit confusing.	
Jun 30 2008 	Treated like Royalty.	We have just returned from celebrating our 1st Anniversary at Le Merisien Dubai. We had booked a Royal Club room and were upgraded to a one bedroom suite. This was beautiful. Bedroom, bathroom, lounge, bar, dining area and spare bathroom.We were collected from the airport by mercedes and greeted at the hotel with red roses. We were taken straight to our room where we did our check in and were suprised to see a huge fresh fruit platter and fresh flowers throughout the suite. We had been there only 5 minutes when room service arrived with a trolley full of complimentary soft drinks for our mini bar, complimentary bottle of red wine and a welcome drink.Each evening room service brought us salty canapes at 6pm and sweet canapes at 9pm. We also recieved a celebratory chocolate cake on our 1st night. We ate in a few of the restaurants, all were very good and the staff couldnt have been more helpful.I dont think we could have picked a better place to celebrate our anniversary and will definately be visiting again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Top hotel closeto airport	We stayed ovenight at Le Meridian while in transit. We were looking for something close to the airport so it was easy to get to and from. With free transfers included, Le Meridian fit the bill.We had a room where you walked straight out of the room into the pool and garden area. All the staff were very helpful. The room service was also reasonably priced and tasted great.We would definitely recommend this hotel for short stopovers in Dubai and I'm sure it would be just as good for longer stays. They also have free shuttles regularly into the city centre.	
Jun 15 2008 	Luxe Hotel Recommended	Great hotel for high luxury. Close to the airport. if you stay in the Royal Club they will send a Mercedes to pick you up from the airport and check you in at your room, and drive you back when you check out. There is a club room with free breakfast, snacks and happy hour. Great looking pool.I ate one meal in one of the lobby restaurants (sushi) which was excellent. I also had room service one night, they were very accommodating when I just told them what I wanted (without ordering off the menu). Other meals I was out of the hotel.The room was extremely well outfitted as you would expect from a hotel of this caliber. Large flat panel screen, marble bathroom, etc.Behind the hotel there is a restaurant complex with a range of restaurants from gourmet food of every style through an Irish Pub.All in all you can't go wrong with this hotel. Recommended.	
May 16 2008	Not even arrived and I already have concerns............	I am heading back to the UK for a wedding from Australia and have booked this hotel for a 3 day stop over for some much needed R&amp;R. I now realize this was a poor choice. I have visited Dubai several times and normally stay elsewhere but being a Starwood card holder thought I would get some points on my card. So, having booked a Royal Club room I emailed reservations to 1) Confirm a car transfer as my arrival is early 2) to confirm my Starwood account number so I get my points and 3) to ask for an early check in as I arrive at 5.30am. Simple! You would think. After sending 2 emails and getting no reply I called reservations to be told 1) A car 'should' be there 2) they are part of the Starwood group but don't accept their loyalty card and 3) If I want to check in early I must pay for an extra night! So I am just about to check the availability at Jumeirah Beach Hotel - my usual choice. It's more expensive but the service is superb - so sorry I am not even willing to give this 'hotel' a go!	
May 7 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed here for 5 nights and was very impressed. Thanks to reading earlier reports I emailed thier reservationsbefore arriving and kindly asked them for a room with a terrace overlooking the pool as the majority of the rooms dont have a terrace etc my room was 1138. I was told that this would cost me extra but on arrival they arranged it for me for free. The hotel is very large with many pools and many restaurants. They have a area called the Le meridien villiage where they have various restaurants bars indoors and outdoors with live music etc most nights. Dubliners irish bar is great to watch any football. The room was standard size as to most 4 star hotels but was very clean and modern. Our luggage was taken to the room on arrival and fresh fruit and water and ice was delivered every day complimentary. The afternoon turndown service was good especially after a little afternoon snooze. The best thing of all with this hotel is that you can use the facilities at the Royal meridien on Jumeriah beach for about £14 per person which includes the transfer there and back and use of changing rooms lockers and towels. This only applies on certain days of the week. The business centre is great. Raplh sorted us out with our tours and got us on the guest list for one of dubai's best clubs Budoir. The restuarants are excellent with great service and great food. There are so many to choose from all with specials throughout the week. So near to the airport but you do not notice you are so close. Plus on departure you dont have to travel far in all the traffic. Would definatley stay here again.	
May 4 2008 	Pampered	Ideal location if you are taking a stopover. From sorting out a travel agent's mistake to getting us safely to the airport, we met only excellent service. Room brilliant, wonderful piano bar, spoilt for choice of restaurant. Most efficient business centre of the 12 hotels we visited on our trip.	
May 2 2008 	my worse nightmare	from the moment i checked in my nightmare started my flight was not due to leave for thailand till 9 am the following day i left the meridien at 3 am i just wanted OUT i found it more comfortable waiting in the airport,i hated the bars there especialy Jules bar painted all white i will never stay there any more	
Apr 16 2008 	Great for a stopover	Decided to stay at this hotel as only had 1 night in Dubai and friends had advised to stay near the airport as traffic can get congested in Dubai. We landed in Dubai at 6am following a 6 hour night time flight from Bangkok and waited approx 10 mins for transfer bus - could probably have walked from airport as very close. We had to wait until 10am for our room, but check in should have been 2pm, so couldn't complain. We had an express continental breakfast from the coffee/snack bar in the hotel foyer for about £6 - good value. The staff are very polite and for our stay provided a 5 star service. Our room was lovely considering we had gone for the most basic and had everything we needed. The 3 pools are clean and the lifeguards lay your towels out if the pool is not too busy with swimmers. We ate in the Italian restaurant in the Meridian Village and had a drink in the Dubliner. Both enjoyable, if not a little expensive, but then you are in a 5 star hotel, so will be expected to pay 5 star prices. Our package did not include breakfast so ended up paying £15 each, however there was a great selection to choose from. There was hardly any noise from the airport. However, due to the hotels location by the airport it is a taxi ride to any other places in Dubai - Jumeirah Beach is 25 mins and the creek 15 mins if you don't get stuck in traffic as we did. It is actually nice to walk along the creek. Overall - great hotel, but a taxi ride to the tourist spots. Taxis are reasonable though.	
Apr 14 2008 	Highly recommend this one	This has to be one of the best hotels l have stayed at, and l am a frequent traveller, and fussy.We Stayed in the royal club, the rooms were spacious and very clean. The rooms had eveything you could need there was not a detail missed out. The staff were fantastic they made you feel welcome, were friendly, helpful and polite.The pools were clean and staff were very attentive ie from changing the towel on your lounger when wet to cleaning your sunglasses.They have restaurants inside the hotel and another few outside in the square but within the hotel complex, these were great. All served great food and again clean and staff were friendly.The main shopping was a short taxi journey away.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and l definately look forward to returning.	
Apr 10 2008 	Fab!	A fantastic hotel! Gorgeous poolside areas with free sunloungers and towels plus swim-up bar serving food and drink. Impressive reception area with free drinks for early arrivals! There are about 10 places to eat in the hotel but we were more than happy with the swim-up bar food so we could still sunbathe! Impeccable service and gorgeous rooms - ours had French doors leading out to one of the pools. Right next to the airport with free shuttle bus running every 30 minutes. Extremely good value for money at £135 for the room (although breakfast was not included) and I would highly recommend this hotel for a relaxing, luxury break!	
Apr 10 2008 	Great restaurants and gym at reasonable 5*	Following 3 nights at Le Meridien Fairways (a little less expensive, but better rooms and excellent service) we transferred to Le Meridien Dubai as our friends were staying here and it has a better restaurant/pool scene than Fairways (although we will be happy to stay at Fairways in the future as the value is better).Our free transfer from Fairways worked seamlessly, and we arrived at 11:30 am, too early to check in but we expected this so left our bags and went straight to one of the 3 pools. we ate lunch at the pool (in the pool actually, two of the pools have pool bars!) twice during our stay, and the food and drink was good and the service friendly.A recent review has said it all in terms of the location, food etc, so all I can really add on the positive side is that the room service and afternoon room cleaning guys were great! We had each bought a few bottles of champagne at Dubai Duty Free when coming into the country and at both Fairways and Le Meridien Dubai they had no problem bringing an ice bucket and champagne glasses to our room each night so we could enjoy wine in our room with our friends at a reasonable price vs spending lots on an average bottle of wine in the restaurants (no matter where in town). sure, you tip them, but they are professional and nice people and I guess I'm just used to grumpy service so I was impressed.We also went to Vu's restaurant (business lunch deal, 110 AED with a glass of wine, thought it was better than dinner as you get a good deal on the meal and can actually see something other than the black sky at night and lights) and to Verre restaurant, both were excellent. Other than that, be prepared for the traffic, be patient and have a good time in Dubai.	
Apr 4 2008 	Still a great choice for peace and quiet in manic Dubai	Our 3rd year in a row (husband, daughter and myself) to this business orientated hotel - so it must be good! We stayed in Royal Club again - the benefits of this can't be overstated - breakfast, afternoon tea, drinks, canapes, fruit and canapes in our room daily. The hotel was good enough to give us an adjoining suite with camp bed, fridge, WC and sink for our teenage daughter complete with lovely terrace - unexpected and a real treat. Rooms in RC are outdated somewhat in terms of decor and size of bathroom but are spotless and everything you need is there - tea, coffee, iron, bathrobes, slippers. We also got our transfers to and from the airport seamlessly and benefited from a late check-out till 10pm on the day of our midnight flight home - this was again a superb gesture by the hotel who said it was because we had to wait (all of) a couple of hours to check-in after our 7am arrival! They did not have to do that and these things are much appreciated. One of the main benefits of this hotel are the excellent on-site restaurants - a look at the latest Timeout Awards/recommendations for 2008 will show a number of Le Meridien eateries highly thought of. It really is great to be able just to stroll out from your room to eat at night (usually outdoor dining available which we love) without having to go through the (admittedly) improving traffic system in Dubai. This year we enjoyed Sukhothai, the Asian buffet which was tremendous value, Aussie BBQ at Yalumba, Casa Mia and Long Yin. Hubby also went to the popular Dubliners to watch footie. The layout of the hotel means that while some of the venues get very popular with guests in the evenings, this does not impact in any way on general public areas or rooms. The pool areas are still spotless and seldom crowded and very tranquil which after a day at the sister hotel Mina Seyahi we really appreciated - that place was too busy and far too full! Indeed, the day we visited, they were advising people that access to the beach/pool was closed to non-residents - like other hotels on the beach, their arrangements with other apartments/hotels to allow day guests seem to be causing issues.  Service at the pool bars seemed to be a little less efficient in previous years - there seemed to be a number of new staff and we sometimes had to request drinks a couple of times before they arrived. Having said that, staff generally in the hotel were as helpful and friendly as ever. We did not avail ourselves of tennis facilities this year but went for beauty treatments and used the complimentary shuttle bus to Deira City Centre Mall. We all noticed more airport noise this year - but not all the time - whether or not, there is some kind of noice cancellation operating at certain times, I'm not sure. However, despite its proximity to the airport (which is great when travelling), noise is not loud enough to be detrimental to your stay. Guests are a mix of business travellers, locals dining or having business meetings, a lesser amount of families and couples of all ages. It really does cater for each group of people - children are made welcome. On reflection despite the myriad of hotel options in Dubai, we still like the location of this hotel - it offers good access to the creek area/eastern side of Sheik Zayhid Road and is very peaceful at a reasonable rate. You can still make trips to the beach/marina (with day passes at a small fee available for the sister Meridiens) but the relaxation factor that comes with staying in this reasonably priced hotel adds so much to its value. We will very probably be back and will look forward to a high level of service and quality dining again.	
Mar 29 2008 	excellent	just got back from a lovely break in Dubai, have been to the meridien before and as always it was fab, so clean and the staff are so welcoming and helpful. just double check your bill tho, we were charged for drinks from the mini bar and had not touched it, Got our own coming in at duty free. but all in all would certainly recommend this hotel for a holiday or stopover on your travels. having the meridien village there is a bonus as well with the dubliners irish pub, italian, lebonese restaurants.	
Mar 20 2008 	An Expensive Experience	We stayed here for 4 nights last month en route to Australia. Although practically next door to the Airport there is absolutely no problem with noise. The rooms are first class (bathroom perhaps a little on the small side) as are the general hotel facilities. The service was on the whole excellent with attentive staff. Given its location it is necessary to eat in the hotel although there are a wide selection of restaurants with meals, and drinks, being very expensive.As to Dubai itself my view is by all means use it as a stopover if you must but for no longer than one night. The place can best be described as a traffic jam running through a building site with the Airport being equally crowded and chaotic.	
Mar 15 2008 	Lacking on the service side	Stayed over one week at this hotel in Jan 2008 for a meeting.Despite being promised airport &quot;meet and greet:. There was no-one in the airport to meet me on arrival so I had to take a taxi to the hotel... and found out why the taxi driver was so upset when I found that the hotel was only 5 minutes from the airport. Hotel manager was the least customer oriented person I've ever met and shouted at me during check-in that this was clearly my fault as I should have known that the hotel is not allowed to do &quot;meet and greet&quot; but that there's some counter somewhere in the arrival hall I was supposed to go to... Check inTook foreverRoomsCan be VERY far from lobby. Poor signage throughout hotel. Rooms themselves are nondescript, but OK.GymThe best hotel gym I've ever seen... except that it only opens at 6:00 am which is not early enoughFoodExcellent buffets, but any &quot;prepared to order&quot; food takes forever and the staff rarely get the order right.ServiceMostly slow, often wrong. Seems like nearly all of the staff are imported, so they have no pride in the place... more like it's just a paycheck to them.Check OutTook a long time. Bill was wrong with charges all over the place and others missing but I was quickly able to figure out that it was in my favor and it was obvious that the staff either couldn't figure this out or didn't care. Most of the people in my large group complained of incorrect bills. Some were high by hundreds of dollars after a week and this seems to be a hotel strategy to leave their customers in a pinch when they need to get to the airport and don't have time to resolve an incorrect bill. Bottom lineGood for a layover. Ask for a room close to lobby or you'll be annoyed with the walk. Confirm your airport transfer details. Evaluate the bill carefully	
Feb 17 2008 	So child-friendly!	We had a lovely stay at Le Meridien - my husband, myself and our six-month old baby. The staff were absolutely lovely and we were delighted that our baby was welcomed everywhere.There were a couple of glitches - we had an executive room and were disappointed that non of the plugs in the bathroom worked, and the toilet was almost impossible to flush. We were also given incorrect information about the hotel restaurants by the concierge, which we were surprised about.Apart from that the stay was absolutely lovely. The restaurants are gorgeous (especially Maya) and the beach and grounds are fabulous. Would definitely return with no hesitation.	
Feb 7 2008 	Exceptional Top Hotel	My Wife and I, stayed at the Le Meriden, for a week in January this year.The Hotel is a first class destination, and the Management and staff are exceptional.It is our second time staying in the hotel, in 12 months, and will return hopefully, at the end of this year.The Food is first class, and the attention to detail is massive.Well Done to Le Meriden Dubai, and thank you once again.Best Hotel I have ever stayed in.Rds,John &amp; Edel Moloney, Ireland.	
Feb 6 2008	Top Place to Stay	We arrived in Dubai 16th January for 3 nights and stayed at the Le Meridien Airport Hotel.We can truly recommend this hotel to anyone who is seeking an up market place to stay without the huge cost. The rooms were large and spacious, very clean and we had a welcome basket of fruit on the table. Hermes toiletries in the bathroom.Also the hotel staff were very helpful and polite from the shuttle bus staff at the airport to the reception and porters. I would also like to add that we arrived at the hotel at 8.30 am, our room was not quite ready so they gave us a voucher to eat breakfast in hotel. We had eaten on the plane so were not hungry but enjoyed a cup of coffee, It was the thoughtfulness that meant so much and it was demonstrated throughout the entire stay. We will definitely stay there on our next visit next January. Diana Gonzalez , Sydney Australia.	
Jan 29 2008 	5 star lobby 	Stayed here overnight on our return from the Maldives before the long flight home. Very close to airport which is convenient for the 1 night layover. Given the positive reviews on Tripadvisor, I think we had expected something better. The lobby and the breakfast restaurant are quite nice and what I would expect in a 4-5 star hotel, however, the superior deluxe room looked a little dated (albeit comfortable), but the bathroom was a huge disappointment. It was tiny with a very low ceiling (something I might expect in a 3 star hotel). Although the countertop had been redone, the faucet, blow dryer and ceiling were all quite old and definitely showing their age. Despite the lovely Hermes bath products, the room as a whole was a slight disappointment. Nice reception, with a fruit basket provided. Big plus was the lovely breakfast restaurant with a nice assortment of food that begins serving at 5:30am (bonus for those early flights)!	
Jan 25 2008 	Great but decorate the bathroom - Please!	We stayed here for 5 nights mid January, and paid the extra for Royal Club rooms. The extra's include a dedicated reception, a lounge which supplies tea/coffee throughout the day with high tea between 3pm and 6pm (this is great). The staff in the Royal Club Lounge are extremely friendly and very helpful ..... you can even be decadent and have Bollinger for Breakfast (inc in price) if so required. The surrounding restaurants are fabulous and worth the money.However, there is one down side. There are varying degrees of Royal Club rooms - the best being on the ground floor with doors straight out to the pool. We were on the upper floor: while the room itself was good, the bathroom looked like it had last been decorated in the 1960's. Antiquated fittings and just a general tired feeling put a bit of a damper on what could have been an excellent stay at this hotel. My father-in-law has stayed there 3 times now and always asks to see his room first. If it's not to his liking then he asks for another. This may be a bit cheeky but it works for him and he has no complaints.	
Jan 2 2008	a wonderful hotel	Spent Christmas here with my brother, Husband and Sons aged 19 and 21. We all had different holiday agendas and this hotel certainly suited all of us. We booked Royal Club rooms for the extras which were well worth it for the service we received - freindly but unobtrusive - the club lounge Manager and staff were excellent. The hotel food was of an excellent standard - and we are very discerning! The pools were lovely and uncrowded - even the lunch menu surpassed expectations - everything well presented and even satisfied my Sons appetites! Gym facilities were very good - the Spa I didn't try (a little expensive).Nothing was too much trouble - If there are any negatives I would say that the rooms were slightly outdated and the over shower bath old fashioned. Would certainly return	
Nov 5 2007 	Fine hotel however slightly jaded	A five star hotel very near the Airport. Only two levels which was a change from the norm nowdays. Staff were polite and efficient, the meal selection was excellent with numerous retaurants attached to the hotel. The room we were in was showing its age, not too much but noticeable. Walking out from the room to the pool was great, as was the very good gym with free access for guests. Shopping in Diera not too far away for Dubai.Yes we would stay there again as a convenient stopover, however the cost is getting higher as is all of Dubai.	
Oct 27 2007 	great hotel great city shame about the virgin flight	Just back from a fantastic short break in Dubai despite Virgin Atlantic flight. Couldnt get a beach hotel as we booked last minute but glad we didnt. Le Meridien was like an oasis in the middle of the city. You would never know it was so near the airport. Lots of business and stopover guests so pools were empty and staff couldnt do enough for you. Shopping was fun, secret doors in backs of shops to more secret rooms full of 'real fake' designer gear. Not impressedwith Virgin at all, seats in economy were weird, ok in width and leg room but not enough length to be comfortable-and i'm only 5ft 2in! Overnight flight out wasnt bad but return flight was terrible. We were supposed to have breakfast (9.30 flight) but after 4 hours got a not very nice plastic lunch and drinks were in very short supply. My main moan was the attitude of the cabin crew who were I feel were patronising and false with their plastic smiles. I will fly BA next time.	
Oct 20 2007 	a nice hotel	My wife and I stayed in that hotel very near dubai airport and very convenient to commut in between 2 flight.The massiv lobby of the hotel make it refreshing and pleasant compared to the outside heat of the summer striking the guest.Very pleasant room, recently refurbished with all international channel. All the confort of a 5 start expected in this hotel in term of room confort, bathroom.The catering is fantastic with the best single breakfast available, you name your choice they will have it there : fresh fruit, salt and warm plate, refreshing yogourht, all sort of bread and cheese... 5* plus for the catering if you add all the restaurant available in this placeI highly recommand the high tea a fantastic british tradition deliciously served in the hotel . The spa massage is a must place to go ( rate are also 5* plus style = a bit expensive ) On the less pleasant side the swimming pool are rather small and were quickly overcrowded.The hotel offer a nice place to stay for a few night, it is rather a business hotel and if you look for a resort to stay a week this is not the ideal choice as far away from the Jumeirah beach. If however you wish to have a quick overview of Dubai for a short stay in between 2 flight I recommend this place	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Experience	Spent 2 nights here on our way to Malaysia and wish we had spent longer. The hotel and service was great in every way - a receptionist even came to the airport in the white Mercedes that took us there! The staff were all so courteous and friendly. I liked the Hermes bathroom products, enjoyed the delicious breakfasts and thought that the pool area was wonderful. There was also a very good choice of restaurants in the hotel.	
Sep 30 2007	excellent choice close to the airport	We were looking for a good priced hotel very close to the airport just for one night as we would be arriving well after midnight and did not want to spend too much money just to basically sleep in the room for a few hours. Le Meridien was the cheapest we found, so booked that. As it was the cheapest I had expected it to be quite average. We were so surprised when we arrived at it. It was beautiful, marble everywhere and would give any of the more expensive 5-star hotels a run for their money. It is only minutes from the airport and the staff were so lovely. We even got a free upgrade to their best room(pity we were only going to be there overnight). The rooms are huge, wonderful bathroom and as the other advisor says all the rooms are on low floors. In the morning when we opened our curtains and went out to see what our view was...amazing...huge patio with 2 sunloungers and the pool right in front of us. We only had breakfast but the food was excellent. I have always stayed at a beach hotel in Dubai, but considering the cost of staying here is well below the cost of the beach hotels, I would definately consider booking to stay here instead as the price is a fraction of the ones on Jumeirah and as long as I had the pool for sunbathing i would be happy. I definately would highly recommend this hotel, especially if you want to be close to the airport.	
Sep 25 2007 	Amazing Le Meridien	Stayed here 20/22nd September for 2 nights (second visit). Absolutely fabulous and brilliant value. Also, close proximity to the airport means there is no traffic problem. Once at the hotel, you would think you were many miles from Dubai itself. The hotel offers well equipped rooms at entry level with every convenience for the tired traveller. Pool areas excellent and breakfast is fabulous. We booked through Arabian Adventures (Emirates)and got a brilliant deal unmatched anywhere else I have travelled. Transfer to the airport on departure was quick, efficient and luggage checked in for us. Hope to visit again but shall try stay longer next time.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Hotel for a weekend in Dubai	We live in UAE and wanted a short break for our wedding anniversary. Chose Meridian as I am often there for business meetings. Can not fault it. Great rooms, staff are very efficient pool is great. As it was Ramadan we were a bit concerned about lunch on Friday no problem several restaurants were open we selected the Lobby Lounge, nicely screened off and had an excellent meal of Sushi &amp; Sashimi. Dinner on Friday was at the excellent Fish Market. The breakfast buffet was superb and lunch at the Dubliner rounded of a pleasant break	
Sep 19 2007 	excellent hotel	I spent 5 days here on business. It was during a big fair, but my Royal Club room was made available for me on arrival at 0830, which was impressive. I liked the Royal Club separate reception area, and the Mercedes transfer from the airport, complimentary. The trip is only 2 minutes. Aircraft noise not a problem. Excellent breakfast, with chef, in the Royal Club lounge which was smart and spacious. Cocktails and snacks in the evening. Room was fine, bathroom a bit tired, but everything worked. Could once hear next door TV, but it was at such a volume that you could hear it 20 yards down the corridor! Plenty of working space in the room. Good leisure facilities, gym, good pools, and nice spa. Best of all were the 11 restaurants. I tried 3, japanese, Australian and New Zealand, all excellent and good value, except for the wine, but that is tax. Nice lounge in the spacious reception area. Only drawback was updating rooms which meant drilling etc, but this finished at 6pm. Also staff, though helpful, had sometimes a limited command of english, quite common in Dubai. I stayed here also as my clients were on the creek side, traffic is appalling, and if you need to be in this area, I recommend this hotel. Expensive the week I was there, but so was everybody else, due to Gitex 2007.	
Sep 3 2007	fantastic	Me and daughter booked this hotel through travel agent, by the time i was due to fly i had an attack of sciatica had to book wheelchair for the airport...Once we landed in dubai luxury started from the airport, once we arrived at the hotel the welcome was just fab. When the staff found about my condition they gave us ground level ,the room were immaculate, the service and comport they showed us and made our stay as comfortable as possible.Dubai it self is beautiful country need lots of money if you really want to shop, other wise like just chill... le meridein was the best and for me this time round. Keep the good work on and my best wishes.	
Aug 24 2007 	great hotel very affordable with a nice discount	Good location, close to the airport. Wonderfull staff. Excellent service. Many restaurants to choose from, some with nice deals for set menu. Make sure you get a nice discount! We were able to have rooms for less then €90 a night with the DSS package from Emirates	
Aug 24 2007 	Amazing Hotel	My Wife and I went here on vacation on August the 11th for 12 Nights. It was our 5th trip to Dubai and we have traditionally stayed on the beach while on vacation in Dubai and i was unsure how a non beach hotel would be, let me tell you we were amazed at this hotel.From the moment we arrived in the Airport we had a private car whisk us to our hotel to check in, The check in was quick and we were given instuctions on where to go for breakfast, swimming, internet etc and then the receptionist escorted us to our room.The room was fab, great size, comfy bed, Plasma TV, DVD player, Fresh Fruit Daily and very clean, there was a turn down service every evening and we were supplied with fresh water.The Restraunts were amazing and all top quality food, we dined in M's Steak Bistro, Chinese, Austrailian, Italian and many more. We were told by a waiter about a gourmet card that the hotels offers its guests for a fee of 500dhs or about 110 Euro, this card gives you 50% of the food bill in any of the 15 restraunts when there are two people dining together, i highly reccomend this card if you plan to eat alot in this hotel as it saved us Hundreds of Euros.Great facilities, 3 pools all chilled and surronded by comfy sun beds and pool bars with extensive drink and food menus, Top class gym with a massive range of cardio and weight equipment.On our last two days the hotel offered us an upgrade to their new Art Tech rooms and i can only say pure luxury, if you like showering you will love the Art tech room, massive rain shower with a spa shower panel in the front of the shower room accompanied by Hermes shower products, the art tech room was slightly bigger than the delux and was very classy with bedside control of lights, temp, and other useful features, The room came with two free bottles of wine and a delicious desert and liquer for the two of us. You also get comp soft drinks in the pearl bar all day and alcoholic beverages between 7-8pm. I highly reccomend this room if you can afford the extra money.Finally one thing that really made our Holiday was the service the hotel staff offered us, they were simply amazing and very accomodating and would do anything to please their guests, its clear that the hotel trains their staff very well.You wont regret booking this hotel and i give it 10/10 on all aspects and my wife and i are hoping to return next june and will bring our parents in law also.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great hotel	Booked Le Meridien for a short stop-over in Dubai n the way back from Australia.Pick up from the airport was perfect; even though we were three hours late and it was 4AM!Check-in was simple and effective and we were in our room and settled within 10 mins of arriving.Service throughout was high class and the restaurants were very good.	
Aug 14 2007 	Superb stay	My wife and I, en route to and from Australia, used Le Meridien as a refreshing stopover in each direction. We couldn't have been more pleased to have done so. The staff are unbelievably polite and helpful and the facilities are outstanding - enough pools and restaurants to keep you busy for days. On our return leg, we arrived at 6am which we were dreading, but the staff looked after us and after half an hour's free coffee we were in our well appointed room asleep - and at no extra charge!Free shuttles into Dubai are available, but beware - at this time of year it is unbearably hot out there.Breakfast is amazing value in the little &quot;deli&quot; off the main lobby - and generally food is quite cheap.I'm not sure I'd want to spend too much time in Dubai at the moment - it's a giant building site - but as a stopover hotel this was perfect. It's about 2 minutes from the airport but aircraft noise is not a problem.	
Aug 3 2007 	What Service!!!!!	My Wife and I visited Dubai for our honeymoon. We stayed at Le Meridien and for our first venture abroad this was a fantastic experience. The staff were so friendly and helpful, we were chauffer driven from the airport to the hotel. From the moment we got there everything ran smoothly and we have no complaints at all. Continental breakfast every day was really nice. The room was cleaned every day after we'd left, so we werent interrupted by early morning calls. We had bottles of fresh water waiting for us when we got back, fresh towels and clean bedding.	
Jul 28 2007 	A bit disapointing	Even we arrived already at 8 a.m. in the hotel, the friendly staff offered us a free coffee and after another half an hour we could already go to our room.Unfortunately, our room was not very special and the bathroom was very tired and small. I expected a different bathroom in a 5 star hotel. Furthermore, we couldn't open the door to our balcony.On the other hand, the breakfast buffet is just great and the Italien restaurant we tried was very delicous.	
Jul 18 2007 	Brilliant	Arrived at 7am. Booked from 2pm but they gave us complimentary breakfast and a room by 9.30am. Massive foyer, loads of staff waiting to serve. Spent time at each of the three pools. Enjoyed breakfasts in the Yalumba restaurant. Business centre arranged an evening Safari in the desert and an afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab. (book as soon as you arrive)Rooms are spacious with a nice big bathroomWell located for old Dubai and airport. Taxis are cheap and clean.Great place to stay. (We're in our early 50s)	
Jul 4 2007 	Ask Emirates to put you up elsewhere	Emirates puts up business and first class passengers transiting overnight in Dubai at this Hotel. Despite what other reviews tell you, my experiences here (twice now) are of a tired hotel with mixed staff performance and so-so catering. Sure, it is only a 5 minute limo drive from the airport - but many nicer hotels are only another 10 minutes away. The bathrooms are old in some cases. There is considerable transmitted noise between rooms. The outlook of many rooms is drab. Please, Emirates, do us travellers a favour and book us in elsewhere!	
Jun 26 2007 	Simply amazing!	I booked this through baholidays.com because they were doing a deal on dubai hotels in June. This was the best decision ever!From the moment I arrived at the hotel, service was just superb and it never stopped. The concierge, the business centre, booking the desert safari, everything was so genuinely done. The hotel is gorgeous, you feel so special, and its set in such nice grounds. The breakfast? If I was to start on that, I'd be here all day! There is NOTHING you wont find to eat at the breakfast buffet, eggs and pancakes and waffles freshly made to order, every time of meat, cheese, bread and fruit! Fresh juices and smoothies, chocolate (yes, chocolate!) and even soups and pasta! Again, the staff very attentive and very happy to serve.Casa Mia, an Italian restaurant was just divine. I was in paradise! So many extras with the meal that are complimentary, so don't over-fill by getting a starter! Inexpensive, great food and just wonderful atmosphere. The rooms and service were fantastic, nothing less than 5 star, and that's even in the classic rooms! Easy to get around, taxi's frequently outside, close proximity to airport and shopping malls and main city, but still away enough to be a retreat.Stay here, I gurarantee you will love it!	
Jun 23 2007	Great hotel	Stayed for a night during transit. Literally 3 mins drive from the airport. Good hotel - nice clean rooms. lovely pool area - great service from staff all round. Easy access to shopping from here.Would stay here again if needed quick transit hotel. Shame about the no smoking foyer but thats Dubai all over - non smokers are the minority apparently !	
Jun 17 2007 	Big rooms good amenities near to DXB airport	Stayed here for a few hours while waiting for my connecting flight on Emirates Airlines. The room I got was quite big with a comfy bed with 2 extra jumbo pillows, huge flat screen TV &amp; all the basic amenities. Breakfast a the cafe was excellent, lots of choices but the service was so-so. No complaints really except don't expect to be friendly when you check in at early hours of the morningIt's close proximity to the airport is convenient to avoid the traffic jams if you you're rushing for your flight.. It's also close to the Deira area you can easily go to City Center &amp; the popular dining places e.g Century Village. Will return to Le Merdien	
Jun 15 2007 	A great stopover hotel in Dubai	I found this hotel to be a good stopover option in Dubai en route from Ireland to Australia. The hotel is extremely close to the Airport however noise is not a problem. The room was not quite up to date but it was spacious and had a very comfy bed and generally had all we needed. There were sliding doors opening to one of the three pools where we spent a very relaxing day in the June heat. Breakfast was also excellent at Le Meridien - they had a massive buffet as well as cooked brekkie with a healthy options menu. Would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jun 4 2007 	Very nice resort	The hotel is situated opposite Dubai Airport.Club rooms have a special private check-in faciliy. Standard rooms are very specious.Swimming pool is enormous. The hotel itself is enormous and has everything. Restaurants are great.10 minutes you are in the centre of Dubai inside shopping.We were on a trade mission therefore Dubai was the ideal stop for our conference/ exhibition.	
Jun 3 2007 	We are going back again	I had always wanted to go to Dubai and this was our first experience. We loved it so much we are going back and to the same hotel. It was conveniently close to Deira, the airport and only a taxi ride to Mall of Emirates and all the other places we wanted to see like Burj al Arab.The service in the hotel was fabulous. We were not even allowed to pour our own tea as they came rushing over to do it for us. They even came over to put salt on our meal. We had the best steak and lobster (at a great price) in the Australian restaurant one night with a beautiful setting outside the pool. Very romantic. The staff were extremely friendly, the chefs at the restaurant were more than happy to come out and have a chat. I could find no flaw with this hotel and was very glad that my first experience in Dubai has meant that I will be back again over an over.Life is what you make it but it helps when it is made so easy by the staff and service at this hotel. Loved it!	
May 9 2007 	Wonderful hotel - would highly recommend	Just returned from a wonderfully relaxing long weekend break in Dubai. Le Meridien hotel was an excellent hotel. Stayed in a Royal Club room which was definitely worth the extra money mainly due to the access to the Royal Club Lounge where breakfast, afternoon tea &amp; evening drinks are served. Only downside was the lack of view from our room - would return to this hotel but would request a ground floor pool view room next time.Ate in a number of the hotel restaurants: Thai, steak restaurant, Chinese, Japanese &amp; the pool bar - all food was excellent - particularly the Thai and the steak. Service in the Japanese restaurant was a little disappointing.Cannot understand the previous reviewers comments about the lack of sun loungers. We sat by the spa pool each day (so not the residents only pool referred to in the review) and there were more than enough sun loungers to go around - they were also some of the most comfortable sun loungers I've ever known! Cold towells bought round the pool area were also a lovely &amp; very welcome gesture as the temperature was in the early 40's!Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2007 	Excellent rooms but some experience not 5*	We arrived at Le Meridien for a 2 night stay about 40 mins before check in time and were told the rooms were not ready. We then had a very long wait for nearly an hour for the room to be ready. There was no real apology for this. The room had obviously been refurbished recently and had every mod con - expresso maker, LCD TV etc but the windows were rather small which made the room a bit gloomy.The prices in the hotel were generally very high for food and drink and we had breakfast in the cafe rather than the main restaurant which actually had an excellent choice at very reasonable prices. We also ate at the Lebanese restaurant in the Le Meridien village which was excellent and reasonably priced.The main gripe was the pool areas. There were not nearly enough sunloungers to go around particularly at the residents only pool which was the nicest one. We ended up having to sit on the grass which is simply not acceptable at a 5* hotel. It was the same on the both days.Overall service was Ok but nothing special considering it is supposed to be 5*.	
Apr 17 2007	Couldn't recommend it highly enough!	I have just got back from a 5 night stay at the Meridien Dubai with my sister and it was absolutely fantastic!! We booked a Royal Club room after comments from the site and it was definitely worth paying the extra for. This includes a very smart private limousine pick up to and from the airport. Although we arrived very early (8am ish) they showed us straight through to the lounge for breakfast and made sure our room was ready by th time we'd finished. The room was lovely and looked out over the tennis courts. The Royal Club rooms are on the ground floor and some overlook the pools and garden area. Each day we had a platter of fresh fruit left in our room. Later in the day there would be a savoury and a sweet canape and an apperitif. The rooms are very clean and generally well sound proofed - with great black out curtains for that afternoon sleep! The staff were all so friendly and helpful. They work extremely hard! They did over and above what was expected. We asked for directions to the next door hotel, the doorman noticed my sister had hurt her foot and actually drove us round there - for no extra cost! It was a really nice touch. The hotels faciliaties were fantastic. Three pools, each quite different. A great gym. And a Health Spa. The treatments in the spa are extra but the gym and the classes there are free. They offer free transers to the Gold souk and their two beach hotels - but you do have to pay for a day pass if you want to go to these. The hotel had a good choice of restaurants, althoughthe atmosphere is livlier on Thursdays and Fridays (their weekend). Sunday and Monday, before we left were very quiet! The Royal Club price includes use of the separate business lounge. So you can use that for free - good for checking up on your emails! The Royal club lounge includes a great breakfast - freshly cooked pancakes, eggs, whichever way you like them, the normal range of cooked breakfast and a selection of pastries and savouries. Tea, coffee and soft drinks are free in there all day. Little sandwiches are served between 3 - 6pm. Alcohol is free after 6pm and canapes are served between 7pm and 8pm. They orgainised a late check out for us to 4pm. So we really felt as though we'd got an extra day. We could use the faciliaties from 8am on the day we arrived, right until we got our lift to th airport at 11pm last night. All for no extra charge! oh yes - it is very close to the airport...2 minutes drive - but amazingly there is no disturbance at all from the airport. We didn't hear any planes the whole time we were there, even when lying by the pool. I can recommend this for a luxury break, for families, couples and friends. Well worth the money!	
Apr 15 2007 	Nice place	In the lounge part , the service is extra !! 3 times a day, the room is checked - many gifts included - bedroom very big and nice breakfeast - don't hesitate, the price (less than 300 $ per night) is quite ok compare to the quality of this place - a limousine from the airport to the hôtel ... waouh !!! top class :o)	
Mar 19 2007	Fantastic Friendly Hotel	After arriving from the UK tired and with two young children in tow what a relief that we had booked into this fantastic Hotel. To sum up our 5 day stop there...Bright spacious modern hotel with exceptional cleanliness..fantastically friendly staff and beautiful outdoor amenities. The staff couldn't do much more for us, especially the children. We have just spent 7 months in New Zealand and all my kids keep asking is &quot;can we go back to the Le Meridian?&quot; Says it all really doesn't it!We will definately be back....can't recommend it enough.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great stop over hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in March 07 on our way to the Maldives. The hotel is located 5 mins from the airport so its very convient as a stop over. You do get some aircraft noise but to be honest you don't really notice it, which is suprising, given that the airport is so close.We chose the hotel as we wanted to be nearer the city centre to do some sight seeing at the souks. However this means that you are not near the beach, so if this is important to you then this hotel is not the one for you. The hotel does have 3 separate pool areas and various leisure facilities including a gym/spa and tennis courts.Due to no availability of standard rooms we upgraded to a Royal Club room which provided lots of complimentary extras for the additional money. This included:Private transfers to and from airportOwn reception and check in areaClub lounge which provided buffet breakfast and beverages all dayAfternoon tea (incl. beverage, sandwiches, cakes, chocolates) in the club lounge Evening canapes and drinks in the club loungeFresh fruit to your room every dayEvening nightcap in your room every dayThe bedroom was also located in the Club wing and was ground floor with direct access to one of the pool areas. It was of average size and nicely decorated with a tv/dvd, coffee maker, mini bar, bath/shower, hairdryer etc. etc.The hotel has many restaurants and there is something to suit everyone's tastes. We ate in Jules and also in the Dubliner, which is an irish themed bar. The hotel seems to cater for lots of business people so you will get people tapping away next to you on their laptop! Overall the hotel was clean, very well appointed with good facilities and the staff couldn't do enough to help.I would recommend this hotel. We were there for 3 full days and couldn't fault it.	
Mar 12 2007	excellent short stay staff fabulous	Le Meridian, airport rd, DubaiMarch 2007This is the second time my wife and I have stayed at this Hotel. We were in transit from Australia to Manchester. Arriving at 6am, rathertired after 11hrs flying, we were greeted by name, and the baggage taken. Coffee, tea, and wonderful croissants were presented, and although officially you are not supposed to have your room until 2pm we were, on both occasions in a room by 7a.m. The rooms are a little dated now with many, I believe, being updated, but more than satisfactory. A bowl of fruit, and bottled water was presented, and even a voucher for a bottle of wine was given to us, a nice thought.The pools are spotlessly clean with the lifeguards attending to the towels to cover the ralaxing loungers. The reception staff are so helpful and smile all the time, such a change from some hotels, and really does make you feel like having a good day. Air conditioning in our room was a little noisy .Food in the many restaurants was excellent, a little pricey, but good value.	
Feb 25 2007 	Tired hotel	I stayed overnight between connecting flights. Hotel was conveniently close to the airport, but got off to a bad start when the hotel bus was very slow in picking me up from the airport.Room was very disappointing; small and in need of modernising. I was given access to a connecting room, but had no use for it. Service was friendly and helpful. Food was only OK (I had a Chinese dinner and the standard breakfast).It rained. Out came the buckets all over the hotel to collect the leaks!For some reason, this Meridien does not participate in the Starwood rewards scheme. I will not be returning.	
Feb 21 2007	So much to choose from	My partner was a bit worried about staying in this hotel after reading some of the reviews. And seriously considered moving hotels. I managed to convince him that the good reviews out weighed the bad ones, and so we kept the booking.. Which I am delighted to say was a great decision..!! We found the service in this hotel absolutely outstanding. The cleanliness impeccable and I actually enjoyed not being too close to all the action of down town Dubai. Although it is only a 2 minute car ride from the airport, we were pleasantly surprised that the sound of aircraft was minimal. We ate in the Italian, Chinese and Thai restaurants at night and ate in the Irish Bar, and the pool side bar for lunch during the day. I would strongly recommend all of them... You are so spoilt for choice when it comes to eating places. We would spend ages trying to make our minds up where to eat... The breakfasts are great and I would advise never missing one (even with a hangover).I'm personally not a beach person, but my partner is. He wanted a day at the beach, so we packed the bags paid the £16 each which included transfers to and from either of the sister hotels, located on the beach. Arrived about 1100 hrs and were due to be picked up at 1630 hrs. In all honesty we preferred Le Meriden so much that we jumped in a taxi and were back in our own hotel by 1300 hrs eating lunch.It was my 30th birthday and my boyfriend asked me to marry him during this trip. It was a very memorable experience for me and the hotel and staff made it a trip I will never forget. I would strongly recommend it to everyone, young and elderly alike. I'll definitely be back..!!P.S. One thing for the ladies take your own hairdryer, you spend an hour drying your hair with the dryers in the room. They're not very powerful..	
Jan 24 2007 	Convenient to the Dubai airport	I returned to the Le Meridien (airport location) for another stay in December, 2006. The hotel seems to constantly be undergoing some form of renovation, and the design and lobby are definitely dated. For this stay, I was in the club section of the hotel which provided access to a private lounge with complimentary drinks and very limited snacks (usually nuts) in the early evening. The rooms are comfortable but can be noisy depending on the direction that they are facing. The rooms are all on the ground level of the building, and some face the nearby Dubai airport while others face a mosque with regular and loud prayer calls. A highlight of the hotel is the outstanding selection of restaurants within and adjacent to the property. I have tried many of the restaurants over several stays, and have never been disappointed. It is also possible to walk to the adjacent Al Bustan Rotana hotel, which has additional restaurants available. The Thai restaurant and the Hong-Kong style seafood restaurant at the Meridien are highly recommended options. The gym is above average, and there are three pools within the complex which are average for the area. This location is recommended for business travelers, especially those with a layover or short stay in Dubai.	
Jan 15 2007 	Champagne Christmas in the Art + Tech Meridien Rooms	My partner and I booked a six night stay direct with Le Meridien Dubai (airport) online for a short break over Christmas.Arriving late (2am) into Dubai this hotel is a great choice; the reception desk in the airport arrivals hall whisked away our luggage onto the complimentary shuttle bus, and we were into the lobby within five minutes, luggage re-appearing just as we completed the in room check-in.I had booked one of the upgraded rooms (there are presently 42 Art + Tech Rooms of the 383 total rooms in the hotel, at a price of 600AED, which switched to 1200AED the last two nights, the closer we got to New Year's Eve, and these are well worth paying for if you are staying a few days). Art + Tech category is different from the Royal Club, which are &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms, old fashioned, but do come with Club Room access.This hotel does not participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest programme, so no points for my stay, but my SPG Gold was acknowledged on check in.No problems checking in as two guys sharing a double bed, and the dedicated Art + Tech receptionist is particularly helpful with any questions you may have as a gay couple, though naturally discretion is required to respect local culture.Thursday evenings at the outdoor bar in this hotel, which attracts many cabin crew, is well worth a visit, and combines perfectly with the Laurent Perrier all-you-can-drink Champagne Buffet in the main Yalumba Restaurant every Thursday, a bargain!My Art+Tech package included a free bottle of wine, fruit platter and in room water, complimentary soft drinks/tea/coffee in the lobby bar all day, with free cocktails between 7pm and 8pm every night. We each had a token for a foot massage in the spa (superb), the gym was excellent with plenty of up to date cardio machines and weights, much needed as the sumptuous breakfast was also thrown in; do ask for pork bacon which they can easily provide.Though close to the airport I heard only one plane the whole time I was there; construction (renovating more rooms to become Art + Tech) was very quite and only noticeable one afternoon by one of the three pools when some drilling took place, but the low rise spread out nature of the hotel means you will not hear this in your room; can easily move from your sunbed if inconvenienced during the day; we stayed put.All rooms are non Smoking in accordance with Meridien policy; book a ground floor room and you can walk out into the well maintained grounds from your room if need be.Brand new Art+Tech rooms looked just like the photos on the website; Hermes toiletries (and plenty of them), sizeable bath, bidet, superb seperate shower with multiple jets AND a massive rain-effect shower rose in addition - the best shower I have ever had! Plenty of cupboard and desk space, robes and slippers, multi region DVD player (bring some along!) for the huge flat screen TV, evening turndown service, great coffee machine, swift room service and super comfy beds. WiFi access was fast and also included in my rate. Both a chair and a sofa; plenty of space in the room. Hi-tech lighting system was sometimes tricky to work out, and I am no technophobe.Though I am not a fan of the beach, you can get the complimentary shuttle which leaves daily for Le Royal Meridien; it takes an hour through infamous Dubai traffic, but if you are keen it's a nice way of visiting the beach without paying beach side prices, especially important during the expensive Christmas period.Staff were super friendly and could not do enough to help - had a personal email from the manager as I commented on a few small cosmetic areas where the finish in my room was not quite 100% (with an interior designer's eye you notice more than the average guest might, there was a missing seal round a light fitting...). With 14 restaurants you hardly have to leave the complex.VERDICT: Great for a pool-centric alternative to beachside properties, especially if arriving late. Book an Art+Tech room if staying longer than one night, and try and get a package which includes the extras listed here.	
Jan 5 2007 	le meridien in dubai	Great dining in 14 restaurants. We suggest the French or the Village.3 lovely swimming pools with wonderful attendantsNot very convenient location for shopping.Expensive	
Jan 5 2007 	Good hotel good service great breakfast	The hotel is near the airport but surprising we haven't heard any noise during our stay. It's a little far from the beach and the old city but only marginally. When I saw the other hotels around town, they are all spread out and you need to hail a taxi anyway. Our taxi trips to almost anywhere is around AED40 which is just US10.The service in this hotel is very good. In fact it's great when you compared with other hotels and places we visited in Dubai. I say that with reservations may be because I am from Hong Kong and service in Asia in general is just a notch above this part of the world. It's just different culture. I guess the erractic service is inevitable because the people who work in hotels, taxis and restaurants are not local arabs but people from South Asian and Eastern Europe etc, and they probably don't enjoy their lives much in Dubai except to work there. So everyone doesn't seem to be enjoying themselves very much.Do try to avoid the old rooms and book the refurbished rooms. The hotel is very 1980s so is the pool but well maintained. The art and tech room we stayed in is very nice though with a serene view of the lawn and pool. The breakfast is the best I have ever had.Overall I love my experience in the le meridien.	
Jan 1 2007 	OK but rooms really let the hotel down	Stayed here on way back from Australia. Having stayed at the Jumeirah Beach on the way out our expectations were high. Unfortunately we were disappointed. Although the public areas are pretty good, our 'deluxe' room was small, jaded and the bathroom was frankly appalling for a top class hotel - tiny and in need of modernisation, no separate shower and when you took a shower you ended up standing in 8 inches of scummy water because the drainage couldn't cope. We had a small, depressing balcony with no furniture on it and just a concrete floor - and the sliding door onto it was so old and heavy that I couldn't open it and my husband strugged. The foldaway bed for our daughter was so hard she ended up sleeping on the floor because it was more comfortable. I rang reception to find if they had accidently given us a standard room - and was astounded to find we had actually been upgraded to super deluxe!To be honest even the public areas needed a bit of a spruce up - cracked tiles round the pool etc. On the plus side the breakfast was outstanding, the choice and settings of restaurants was great and the staff were delightful. Maybe we were just unlucky but I won't be going back here.	
Dec 12 2006 	Royal Club Room worth the extra	Decided to stay in the Royal Club Room after reading a review that mentioned all the extras. This was a great move as we stayed for 3 days en route to Melbourne and did not spend one dirham on food or drink! We had fabulous breakfasts in the dedicated Royal Club Lounge area - superb choice and excellent quality, In this room, complimentary tea/coffee and soft drinks are served 24 hours a day. From 3 - 6pm, afternoon tea is served with a selection of sandwiches. From 7 - 8pm is happy hour and canapes: all complimentary. In the room, a fresh fruit platter is left daily along with a liquour and a small savoury snack.Transfers to and from the airport are also included. Access to the business centre is also free - internet etc. On exiting Dubai airport, look out for Le Meridien desk on your right. Stop there and they will call for the hotel car. We waited about 5 minutes.All in all this is a fabulous place where the staff are attentive without being intrusive. The Royal Club rooms are very well furnished and most comfortable. The bathrooms are a bit dated and cramped but don't let that put you off. Shop around for the best price - we ended up paying around 180 dollars a night. Taxis are cheap!	
Nov 25 2006 	Awesome Breakfast!	We spent our second layover in Dubai at the Meridian in September. I missed breakfast the first time and I am sorry we did. It was probably the best breakfast I have ever had in a hotel. The pastries were incredible - They make and bake them right in front of you! There is a good choice of restaurants and we ate dinner for free at the Thai restaurant - very authentic atmosphere and food with great service. The hotel itself wasn't bad either - we stayed in one of the older rooms which was still decent with a great bed and fluffy big pillows. They were renovating the other rooms while we we there but it did not disturb us.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great Hotel	Stayed for 1 night in December.Arried ona 6am flight without pre arranging an early checkin. only had to wait 40 minutes before we got into our room, lovely rooms spacious clean and opulant and verry well priced.fully recomend,though the coffee is a bit expensive :)all in all a great stay!	
Nov 22 2006 	Great Hotel close to airport	A free shuttle whisked us across the road to the hotel at 6.30 am after arriving from Bangkok. The more than spacious foyer area of the hotel was impressive and we were offered tea and coffee as we were told that our request for an early check in had not been confirmed. Our hearts sank a little but minutes later we were shown to our room. It was cool and quiet, the wood panelled decor was elegant, if a little dated.We were particularly impressed by the flat screen TV and snazzy coffee/ tea making machine- one of those things you insert a sachet into and it produces a fresh steaming beverage.We slept for a few hours then explored the hotel and gardens.Although it is opposite the airport we never did see or hear a plane although in the afternoon there was the occasional helicopter to be seen heading into the airport.The pool areas have solid cusioned lougers and umbrellas and a swim up bar with attentive staff. Lunch and snacks are served on a tray table at the end of your sunbed complete with a fresh flower in a vase!The hotel has 11 restaurants. We especially enjoyed the Bubbly Thursday Buffet at Yalumba. All the Laurent Perrier you can drink and all the food you can eat, from the extensive buffet or ordered from the menu. I had oysters and Lobster which were superb. The desserts were wonderful, the kind where you can have tiny portions of lots of different things- although the chocolate souffle fresh from the glass doored oven was more than big enough. It cost £50 a head but we must have drank a bottle of chanpagne a piece so it was excellent value.There are more restaurants in the Le Meridien Village behind the hotel. The barbeque buffet looked great but we tried the Lebanese and ordered the set menu- way too much food; so much in fact that I still feel slightly queasy thinking about it!All in all a good hotel well located for a short stop-over break.	
Nov 12 2006 	Fantastic Seafood Buffet	Recently we had the pleasure of staying at Le Meridien, Dubai on our way back to Australia from Europe. Our first impression of the hotel was bright, open and airy and also rather unexpectedly, friendly. As we arrived very early in the morning our room was not quite ready for us - but never mind - would we like a complimentary drink and a chance to read a paper whilst we waited? Reception staff were pleasant and then when we were escorted to our room - all of the amenities of the hotel and room were explained to us. We quickly washed and changed - eager not to miss a moment of this experience and headed out for a walk in the open air before it got much hotter. When we returned to our room we found that we had been left a lovely, chilled fruit basket and our air conditioning had been turned on to a pleasantly cool level. Pools and gardens duly inspected we were suitably impressed except that there was a very limited amount of shade poolside. Important for a traveller who has to visit their skin doctor every three months to have sun spots removed. We passed the day lazing around, checking out the restaurants of which there are 14 in different areas of the hotel. We wandered the gardens and marvelled at the cleanliness of them all. In the evening after a couple of glasses of perfectly made G&amp;T we decided that we might indulge in the seafood buffet (every Tuesday night) in the Yalumba Restaurant. Were we ever in for a treat! Not exactly big seafood eaters we had so many prawns that we couldn't believe we had actually eaten so many. They were cooked in every way imaginable, chilly, tempura, garlic, stir fried, bbq, and even fresh. With freshly schucked oysters, mussels, baby fish and so many other dishes in fact too many to even remember, let alone list, we rounded out our delicious meal with some BBQ lobster tails. Desserts (yes we still had room) were to die for and, then when we finally decided that we should leave before we exploded we ordered coffee which was accompanied by freshly cooked individual chocolate souffles. My husband (a chocoholic) actually declined his souffle because he was so full) but couldn't resist a dip of a spoon into the warm, runny, heavenly, chocolate sauce at the bottom of my souffle). We have told a number of people about this experience in the weeks that we have been home and by this review hope that many more travellers get to visit this lovely hotel, chat to the friendly staff, and get to enjoy one of the very best meals this wonderful world of ours can offer. PS outside dining was also an option, which was great for those who enjoy a cigarette with dinner or families with children who like to make a bit of noise whilst enjoying themselves. A night to remember - and in the morning your would never have known that a very large party had taken place. Grounds were hosed and gardens and sand freshly raked and not a prawn shell or smell was visible come breakfast. We wish Le Meridien well and continued success.	
Nov 10 2006	good location nice hotel grounds old roomsconstruction going on!	I just want to say that the other reports are true, the hotels location is a 3 minute drive in a nice hotel limousine form the airport. Its not at the beach, but still its possible to sunbath at one of their 3 really nice pools. What I liked about the hotel where the gardens and also the nice low buildings with only 2 to 3 floors. Only be beware of the old rooms they have, its not 5 star anymore, small and bathrooms really normal. If you have the chance book their new art and tech rooms and tell them to put you in a wing of the hotel without construction going on. That was the only thing that annoyed us.Service is impeccable and everything works smoothly.Blue Elephant Restaurant in nearby Al Bustan Restaurant is fantastic Thai Experience.	
Nov 1 2006 	couldn't ask for more	I Stayed in this hotel for a week in october 2006 with my fiancee and I can't say enough good things about it...When we arrived late evening i made sure i asked for a room by one of the pools inward facing and not outward (after reading various reviews on here), we were duly issued the key to a room on the ground floor with french doors opening onto one of the courtyards about 25 yards from the pool itself, perfect. The rooms are spot on for 99% of the population of the world, I can imagine some people might find a problem with them but only those used to the penthouse suite at the ritz as standard. Our room had a plasma, dvd player and all the things you would expect including italian coffee machine. About 10 minutes after we arrived there was a knock on the door and we were issued with a bowl of fresh fruit and a couple of bottles of fresh water, the fruit lasted all week and the water was replenished every day, gratis.There was some building work going on during our stay, but to be honest, it really wasn't a problem, i just wished i'd seen it complete because what they were doing looked quite good.Days by the pool were great, whichever pool you do choose to hang out at you are met with a stress free, quiet, laid back atmosphere which compliments the surroundings and the service at the various pool bars is quite excellent.Food...where do i start....there are some 14 restaurants dotted around the hotel and a couple can eat for about £50-00 all in including drinks at almost all of them except the australian restaurant which serves a higher class of food probably only matched by gordon ramsey. I highly recommend the nightly outdoor buffet which works out at about £25-00 per head for all you can eat and drink, and when i mean drink i mean ANY drink you want and not cheap varieties. If i wanted gin and tonic, the gin was bombay sapphire, i think you get the drift. Food wise, the style rotates every night and can be tex-mex or carribbean or german depending on the perticular evening.One day of the holiday we decided to visit one of the sister hotels on the beach, i knew there would be a fee, and to be honest i really didn't care, you pay alot less to stay at le meridien at the airport so a fee of £15-00 per person to go to the beach isn't bad at all. I asked at reception and they told me the better of the two pool wise is the royal meridien so we hopped on the free shuttle at 10am and headed down there. On arrival we were handed towels and taken down to the beach on a golf buggy to save walking, during the day we were handed cold sprays and cool ice fruit shots to cool us down. The ammount of work going on around the beach hotel is awe enspiring and for someone like myself it really wasn't an issue, to be visiting the city in a time where it is literally srpinging up around you is quite special. At 4pm we were picked back up and taken back to the hotel, the traffic is pretty bad but i wouldn't say it was any worse than any typical english city at rush hour.Overall, with various trips out at night, the burj, grovenor house etc (buddha bar and bar 44 as classy as they come) i would say that this was one of the best and most relaxing holidays that i have ever had and 99% of that, i would say, is down to Le Meridien Dubai and the fantastic service that they gave us the whole time that we were there. We will be back.Oh, and one last thing, i read most of the reviews on this site about le meridien and to be honest after reading some of them i nearly cancelled because they were so negative. After visiting, i would now assume that these are the type of people who would visit their friend's homes with white gloves on to test for dust and when they found it they would tut loudly. Trust me, ignore these people and stay here, it's a perfect place to be.	
Oct 25 2006 	A peaceful and pleasant stay with excellent service and a warm welcome	My husband and I stayed at Le Meridien in early October 2006 on a trip to celebrate his 30th birthday and we thought it was a great hotel. I had checked reviews before I booked the trip as I was a little concerned about the hotel's proximity to the airport but as with other reviewers we experienced no problems with noise and we rarely heard or saw planes overhead. We took the free shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel - the service was very quick and the bus was in fact a very plush and shiny new people carrier which gave us a clue as to what to expect at the hotel!On arrival we were welcomed by name before we had even checked in and all the staff were very friendly. Our room was immaculate and had all the amenities we needed including a flat widescreen tv and dvd player (so take your own dvds if you have time to kill or kids to entertain). We stayed during Ramadan and had no problems eating during daylight hours although we made good use of room service out of respect for locals. The room service was very impressive - the food is rolled in on a table, already laid out with plates, cutlery and flowers, and the food is kept in a heated container underneath the table cloth. The staff set up the table, chairs and food for us and made sure we had everything we needed. Food was pretty reasonably priced and the menu had a real mix of food on offer.We made good use of the concierge service which was very helpful and we booked a desert safari through the business centre where staff were also on hand to answer all our questions. During our spare time we used the pools which had the most comfortable sunbeds I've ever laid on (!) and was lovely and peaceful, not overcrowded like some hotels we've stayed in. There was even a jacuzzi outside which was strangely very relaxing in the hot weather! There was some rennovations going on during our stay but we were unaffected by them and didn't feel like our stay was marred in any way. The hotel is a further out of town than some of the other hotels however taxis were plentiful and fairly inexpensive so we didn't feel that this was a hinderance, in fact being so close to the airport was great come check out since we got more time in bed! The only minor complaints we had were that the shuttle service into town wasn't more regular and that there could have been a few more vegetarian options on the room service menu. All in all we were really impressed by both the staff and the hotel - something that was reinforced when we got home and had an email from the hotel following up on the feedback we'd left and letting us know that they were taking steps to improve the areas we had commented on. It just showed what good customer service they provide, which I reckon has to be the mark of a good hotel. I'd definitely stay here again if I ever return to Dubai in the future. Oh and a top tip for any visitor to Dubai: make sure you book afternoon tea at the Skyview Bar in the Burj Al Arab - the views are amazing and the food is scrumptious! And if you can afford it make a reservation for dinner at their Al Mahara seafood restaurant - it's definitely a unique dining experience!	
Oct 25 2006 	Lovely Hotel.. And GAY Friendly!	My boyfriend and i stayed at the Le Meridien Dubai for a week commencing October 14th.We arrived in Dubai at 6am on Sunday 15th and were met at the airport by the hotels courtesy car. In ten minutes we were at reception. Most hotels we have stayed in do not allow check in until noon. Not this hotel! Our room was ready, and to our surprise, we had a lovely room with DOUBLE BED - which was a surprise, and no problem, considering we are a young gay couple.We loved this hotel and the amenities - three pools and numerous bars and restaurants - and did very little but eat, drink and read by the pool. Word of warning though, we visited during Ramadan and no alcohol is served in any bar/restaurant until sun down.Yes, the hotel is going through a refurb, and is close to the airport, but we experienced no noise whatsoever.The hotel staff were very friendly and addressed us by name every time they saw us. We also particularly loved the food in the Thai and Italian restaurants!Well done Le Meridien - we loved Dubai, and this hotel, and would definitely return!	
Oct 17 2006 	Gay Travellers take care!	We were booked into this hotel by Emirates, and arrived after a long, long direct flight from Melbourne.When we checked in, feeling fairly exhausted, the staff were astonished to find before them two men wishing to sleep in the same bed.They couldn't fathom it out. After much to-ing and fro-ing they managed to find us a twin room - with two huge beds in, which suited us just fine. Still, the wait while this was sorted was that last thing we needed after the flight.But if you're two men travelling together, it's probably a good idea to let them know in advance - or be sure to book a twin room - so there's no problems at check in.Otherwise, we loved the hotel: great gym, good breakfast, lovely pools. Sure the bathrooms are not brilliant, but the beds were so comfortable and I never heard a plane the whole time I was there.	
Oct 17 2006 	Pleasant Surprise	Spent a week at Meridien Dubai. The hotel is lovely and the service is second to none. The location is very close to the airport but there is no airport noise.There were renovations going on at the hotel but this was only noticed by boarded up doors. We were towards the back of the hotel and didn't heard any noise.The rooms were fairly large and all meals taken at the hotel were very good.The staff in the Business Centre was very efficient and assisted in the booking of day trips around the Dubai.I didn't know what to expect from Dubai or the hotel but all aspects were positive and I would definitely stay at the hotel again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Nice Place	The Hotel is very conveniently located near the Airport but still nice and quiet and can definitely recommended for short shopping or exploration stopovers in Dubai. Transport to the city is quick and convenient via Taxi as long as it is not required to cross the creek as this or getting back can be an incredible hassle if you hit the rush hour.The place itself is very clean although managed a bit chaotic (early check in came as a total surprise to them although explicitly requested, although the Le Meridien confirmation states the room to be 100% prepaid it turns out it was not, pool unavailable for full days as needs to undergo chemical treatment).Most surprisingly, although Le Meridien belongs to the Starwood Chain, collection of bonus miles on Starwood supported Frequent Flyer programs is excluded in this hotel with the exception of some obscure local Frequent Flyer program.	
Aug 3 2006 	Most welcoming	I have stayed at this hotel dozens of times over the last 3 years whilst travelling through on business. From the moment you arrive at the Meridian desk at the airport you are taken care of and are made very welcome. The check in is fast and you never need worry about baggage as that is looked after from airport to room. the staff are always polite and genuinely welcoming, particularly if you are a frequent guest. The rooms are a good size with really comfortable huge beds,Plasma tv, dvd, minibar etc although it would be wise to buy duty free if you wish to avoid mini bar prices. The lobby bar has a nice atmosphere with a resident pianist and singer and there are numerous restaurants whithin, that cater for all tastes and pockets. Sure the drinks can be a bit pricey but this is a 5 star hotel and you get what you pay for. The Meridian village at the rear of the hotel has a a nice setting with more restaurants and an Irish Bar, big screen Tv, live sport, good food and well patronised by expats. The open air terrace restaurant is great value with a marvellous buffet and live music. The Pool areas are first class and never too busy and there is an excellant gym if you feel energetic. The hotel is well placed for the airport, golf, tennis and city centre all of which are only a short , cheap taxi drive away ( nobody walks in Dubai, it's usually far too hot).All in all an excellant hotel that would suit business travellers or couples. Families with children would find other hotels in the Jumeriah beach area more suitable. The Meridian is a well run, relaxing hotel that I would have no hesitation in recommending and one that would put to shame many uk and european hotels of the same category.	
Jul 28 2006 	Amazing food close to airport	This trip was the first time I went to Dubai, and I wasn’t quite sure what to expect, so I decided to spend my time in two hotels instead on one.I was travelling with my little sister who is 15, so I wanted to stay somewhere that would have a lot of things do, and be of a high standard.Because of the great reviews seen on trip advisor, and the inclusion of a water park in the hotel, I decided the Jumeirah Beach Hotel would be a great place to experience the beach side of Dubai, whist I chose The Le Meriden Dubai as my second hotel because of its closeness to the airport, and city centre.The Le Meriden Dubai isn’t as new as some of the hotels in Jumeirah say, so some of the decor may look a bit warn, however they were doing maintenance repairs while we were there so things are getting better.The Deluxe room was slightly above average because of the inclusion of a plasma screen TV, DVD player and mini bar, but the bathroom and everything else was quite average.The swimming pools were nice, with the inclusion of a pool side bar that can make you delicious milkshakes and fruit juices, and lots of deck chairs and towels to chill out.The best thing about this hotel though was the food! So much many restraints of a high standard, if you’re a food lover this is a great place to stay or at least visit while in Dubai.We ate at the Lebanese Restaurant which provided a great entertainment with belly dancing any live music; however I wasn’t too keen on the food because it contained a lot of pickle dishes for the starter.The Thai restaurant has excellent food though, with fresh giant shrimp, lobster and delicious Thai curries!Room service was great too, and quite reasonably prices, a meal for 2 came to approx 150Dhs.The proximity of the hotel to the airport is a huge bonus surprisingly, as you would expect this to be a negative because of the noise. But the planes must be flying the other direction or something, because we could hear nothing! The hotel provides regular shuttle buses to the airport, which takes only 15 minutes, which was great because Dubai's traffic can make travel times unpredictable at times.In summary, The Le Meriden Dubai is a nice hotel, with great food, and average rooms, within good distance from the airport. But if your coming to Dubai for a family holiday, I would definitely recommend Jumeirah Beach, as there are much more things to do for kids.	
Jul 27 2006	I loved this hotel	I arrived hours before check in and was given a complimentary drink whilst they arranged my room in half an hour. Very friendly and lovely staff. Great swimming pools and shuttle bus to the beach and malls. Though it is near the airport you do not get the noise. Spoilt for choice for restaurants and food. I would recommed it to anyone and would happily stay there again.	
Jul 22 2006	amazing!	This hotel is amazing, i was a single female staying by myself, the staff could not do enough for me. I arrived hours before check-in though staff arranged a room within 20 minutes of arriving. Hotel is very close to the airport although you don't hear any noise what so ever. There are fantastic swim up bars, loads of sunbeds and very quite.The hotel has a village attached to it where you can dine in more then seven different restaurants, all are first class. Brilliant beauty salon with great prices. Hotel has courtesy buses operating which is a good bonus when in a foreign country.	
Jul 3 2006	Very Nice Hotel	I've recently returned from a week's stay the Le Meridien and I've enjoyed it a great deal.Our flight arrived at around 7am and check in was not until 2pm so I was concerned I'd be kicking around the city in 40 degree heat for several hours! However, I reported to Le Meridien's desk in the airport where upon we were taken over to the hotel (very close to the airport but the noise is not intrusive), our bags were taken away by the porters and we were given full use of the hotel facilities until our room was ready. This didn't even take that long and the room was available by around 10am.The room itself was slightly dated, as was the bathroom but it was clean and a good size. Room service even check in on you in the afternoons to see if you want any more complimentary bottles of water or any ice. Given the temperatures at this time of year it was most appreciated.I didn't use all the restaurants in the hotel complex but I can recommend &quot;Long Yin&quot; for a Chinese meal. I'd probably suggest you steer clear of &quot;Jules Bar&quot; though, given the standard of the rest of the hotel this place is not particularly nice.You can book tourist trips (coach tours, desert safari) through the Business Centre, they have all the brochures in there.All in all great service at a pretty reasonable price.	
Jul 1 2006	Mind-bogoling	This has all the ingredients for a fantastic holiday by the beach... including staff, and rooms and facilities alike.You have to see it to believe it.....Excellent stay... best hotel i've been to in my life.	
Jun 24 2006	Fab hotel! We'd definitely reccommend you stay!	We just stayed for 4 nights at Le Meridien. What a great hotel! It is literally minutes from the airport, ye there is no noticable noise. If you call into le meridien as you come into the arrival hall in the airport, within minutes they will send a car to collect you to take you to the hotel. We found the service excellent. A nice touch was the complimentary water in your room each day (which is great as its about 25AED a bottle at the pool bar! Make sure you ask for the local bottled water, otherwise they give you evian which they charge a lot more for!) and the chilled flannels which they hand out around the pool, which are eucalyptus scented, and a great refreshment when its 44 degrees!Other people on here have commented that the decor is getting a bit dated and it isn't up to 5 star standards, but we would disagree. We'd defineitely reccommend the hotel (we are 2 girls in our early 30's). It did seem a quieter hotel and there was a noticable lack of children around, which was good for us, but may not be ideal if you are looking for a young family holiday.	
Jun 17 2006	Great convenient hotel	Overnighted on the way through Dubai -- convenient to airport, great staff, prices reasonable (for Dubai). In-room internet connection a bit pricey for my taste.	
Jun 9 2006 	Great Overall Experience	I have stayed at this hotel many times on business trips, and cannot fault it. They take real care of you with the shuttle service from the airport, and the checkin is efficient. I particularly liked the choice of restaurants and food, and relaxed bar with live entertainment. Only slight negatives are relatively high price, and some noise if you have an airport-facing room.	
May 26 2006	Excellent Location 	I'm the first to admit that in city of Five Star Hotels, this one may be pushing it a little to claim that's what it is...certainly it's a four. However, having stayed at the Palace at the One&amp;Only Royal Mirage in June 2004 and July 2005, then staying here in August 2004, I'd definitely say the service is just as good - it's only the fabric of the hotel that lets it down a bit.Stayed here on a stopover on the way back to Scotland from China for four nights to meet up with my Mum. I chose Le Meridien because at first I was meant to be staying on my own, and its location - near the airport, near the city centre, near the Deira Centre mall - was idea for what I wanted to do - chill out and do a bit of shopping. Granted, when Mum decided to join me she was unsure about the extremely short distance between the hotel and the airport, but we saw two planes a day and heard none of them...we actually saw more when we were staying at the Palace earlier that year. So that's certainly not anything to worry about...consider it handy because it's only a five minute transfer.The choice of restaurants at Le Meridien is exceptional, and the food phenomenal. I loved the breakfasts and the different themed restaurants offered something for everyone. It was also great being in Dubai when it's slightly cooler and you could enjoy sitting outside, something that is easily done at many of the restaurants at the Meridien.The hotel has two pools - one lap, one free form. We chose to sit at the lap pool as there weren't so many children, but I think they were still both pretty quiet. The pool menu was excellent and the little touches, like an orchid on each tray, made sharing a club sandwich mid afternoon that bit more glamorous!As I said, vicinity to shops is great - it's easy to get a taxi outside the hotel, or use the hotel's limo service - we use it once to get to Wild Wadi, which cost around £15. It's not actually much for the distance traveled, especially compared to taxis in the UK, but in terms of the cost of a normal cab, it's pretty much treble the cost.There was some building work going on at the hotel in August last year - the lobby patisserie was being renovated, but the broad choice of places to eat meant we didn't miss it. It was only to be close for two weeks though. The rooms were really nice, although the bathroom needed a bit of tidying up. The hotel did get our reservation for a twin room wrong, assigning us a double for the first night (Mum arrived on the Emirates flight from Glasgow three hours before I arrived on the Emirates flight from Shanghai) - they offered us the chance to change that night, but we were both too tired, so just waited 'til next day and changed rooms after breakfast. In conclusion, we were very impressed, especially as it only cost about £35 per person per night for B&amp;B, and the food wasn't extortionate in the restaurants either. The staff was very friendly and showed their worth on our last night, when my Mum left her wallet in a taxi...they got onto the taxi company and got them to find the cab and bring it back.So impressed were we that we went back in October 2005! The hotel was excellent then too - I took ill during our stay and collapsed in the hotel corridor...the staff called an ambulance, couldn't have been more helpful, and checked on me every day of our stay. The other notable mention for this hotel is that they strive to make life easy for non-Muslim guest and Muslims alike during Ramadan, which is when we visited in October. The open fronted lobby patisserie is screened off with folding partition screens during daylight, and other screens were in place at the front of the main breakfast restaurant, so you can't see into the area. You can still eat at the pool during the day without restriction, as it's not considered to be a public area. A word of warning...you can't get food (at all easily, at any rate) in the malls during Ramadan - we sunk as low as sneaking a Mars bar into the loos at a mall for a sugar boost!Anyway...a great hotel, helpful staff, wonderful location and excellent value.	
May 23 2006	average room	I stayed here in early may 2006 and whilst the pools, restaurants and waiting staff were a very good standard...my room was very average and the bathroom certainly was nearer 3 stars not five. This was disappointing as I would have expected it to be modern and not old and tired out. I had a door which opened on to a grassed area but it was locked firmly shut and staff expressed surprise that I wanted it unlocked so I could open it if I wanted fresh air or if there was a fire !The other bad point about the hotel is the information area. I decided to go to the zoo or the museum but the hotel did not have any leaflets anywhere and could not understand why I would want to check a place out before I visit it ! Astonishing that tourist attractions were kept secret ! This didn`t seem to register as a problem to them at all.So my advice would be to check that you have a modernised room before you book.	
May 5 2006	Great hotel	This Meridien was a great choice now that I have seen Dubai. It is on the Deira side of the city. Bur Dubai and Jumeirah area are on the other side. The building work in Bur Dubai and Jumeirah is so extensive at the moment and probably will be for another few years. I would not recommend staying in Bur Dubai or Jumeriah beach area. You have all the nice hotels on one side of the road and miles of building work in front of them. The Meridien was only a few minutes from the airport. They provide free transportation to and from the airport at all times. The have a courtesy bus that leaves on the hour each day that leaves you into Deira Shopping Centre and will bring you back again. A taxi is only approx €2.50 each way. I had a concern being near the airport would I hear planes all of the time. Absolutely no way. I never heard any. It is a two storey hotel but the facilities are great. It has three pools, with sun loungers, shades and they provide towels. 15 restaurants, dont be fooled in the Bistro, if you think the champagne is complimentary when you arrive. It is nearly €45.00 for the two glasses. You can say no of course. The bedrooms are large and the bathrooms are okay. The staff were very good and helpful. Overall I dont feel it was a plush five star but it is definitetly higher than a four star. If I ever return to Dubai, I would stay here and would recommend it to anyone. I decided to stay in a Meridien so as I could use the facilities of the Meridien's on Jumeriah Beach if I wanted to but no thanks. The traffic in Dubai is terrible and can last from 4pm until 10pm daily. We avoided this with staying at the Le Meridien.	
May 3 2006 	Our favourite	My husband and I travel through Dubai regularly. Over the years we have stayed in many hotels in Dubai. The standard of hotels in Dubai is very high, but Le Meridien holds its own very well, even though it is an older hotel. Some of the positives for me are the excellent service, the ammenities, the location and the layout of the hotel. Although the hotel is right by the airport, the hotel has free shuttle buses to most of the major attractions. This was something that I haven't found at any of the other hotels. So even though you are conveniently located near the airport you are not inconvenienced by being away from the centre of town.The same can be said of the restaurants. You are away from the restaurant centres near the beach and in Bur Dubai, but it is not a problem because the hotel has some of the most popular restaurants in Dubai, so you will find that many people come to Le Meridien for the great variety and calliber of resturants.The health club is also well known to residents of Dubai and is very popular with good reason, it is one of the best health clubs I have ever been to. The hotel is a 2 storey building that is spread around three pools, which makes it feel more like a holiday resort than a lot of the other high-rise hotels. This is a huge bonus for us as business travellers who would like to unwind, but only have a day or two in transit to do so. The atmosphere at Le Meridien relaxes you immediately.The rooms are very comfortable and clean as you expect. I would recommend it over any other hotel in Dubai.	
May 2 2006	Loved Dubai very much	Have just returned from our first trip to Dubai, stayed in the Le Meridien hotel opposite the airport. I booked it myself through airfrance and Hotelsrooms everything went ok all flights on time etc. Hotel was excellent, the staff were more than helpful, arrived at 8amgot our room ready by 9am. Hotel well situated for everything. Did 2 half days on the Big red bus, blue line just takes you all round the hotels, red line much better, but extremely windy on the top deck as it is open top and hard to hear the guide. Went for a day toLe Meridien beach hotel, hotel was lovely, nd beach staff were very attentive, cold towels and sprays during the day, there was building work oppisite but it was not noisy.The hotel food was very good, they have 8 restuarants in the hotel grounds, we tried varoius restuarants but the best was the barbeque eat all you want and drink for 160Dthe worst was the thai restuarant, very disappointed.All in all holiday was excellent, can't wait to go back.	
May 2 2006	Second visit to Le meridien	Stayed at Hotel for 4 nights end of April after attending conference at another hotel in Dubai. Had previously stayed at Le Meridien two years ago and specifically chose it again for a few days relaxing after conference. Had read reviews before trip so a bit concerned at some of the criticisms.But overall having stayed at Hotel, would have to say it is excellent for guests not wanting a beach experience. It is principally a business hotel so very few children and guests are asked not to dress in shorts and sun tops for breakfast. But this business feel certainly is far more appealing than the busyness and holiday dress of the beach hotels. It is really a matter of choice.THe hotel now has a third pool in the inner courtyard, reserved solely for guests at the hotel and we found it to be a haven of quietness, unlike the main pool area which we found quite noisy - constant music from the bar and used by a lot of health club members. The courtyard pool had no music. Service around the pool just fantastic with cold towels brought round and the lunch we ordered brought to our sunbeds on trays laid most beautifully with linen cloth and napkins and flowers. Fantastic value for money too in exquisitely presented food. The courtyard pool closes at 6pm. At the back of the health club is the fitness pool - just marvellous for an early morning swim as it opens at 6.30am.Breakfast at the Yalumba restaurant is extraordinarily good value - excellent juices, fruit, yogurts and wide selection of different cold and hot dishes. Service from the staff could not be faulted here. Dinner in this Australian themed restaurant is also excellent.Situation of the hotel is excellent- it is close to airport but aircraft noise is not intrusive. You get some take off noise. But for ease of travel into the centre of the city it is very good and given that the roads in Dubai are now just at a standstill at some times with the excessive number of cars, it is much quicker to travel from the Meridien than from the beach hotels. It could easily take an hour now to go from Beach hotels to airport at peak times.The criticisms I would make are:1. We arrived at the hotel at around 12.30pm as we were moving from our first hotel. However, the reception staff would not make our room available until 2pm, the official check in time. This seemed somewhat unhelpful. We had booked via the Meridien website and chosen the superior room package ( the cheapest option )- the others being the de luxe rooms and the Club rooms).2. With hindsight we should have paid the extra money for, preferably, a Club room. The superior rooms, being the lowest priced, look out over the car parking areas. The hotel was built quite a number of years ago, when hotel bathrooms were much smaller than recently built hotels so the bathrooms of these superior rooms present as very basic indeed - very small and cramped with very dated decoration and showing signs of wear- not to a five star standard at all. Absolutely pristine in cleanliness though and ample towel changes. We too only had one robe and slippers on arrival but requested another set - think one only suppled as this is mainly a business hotel so probably usually only have one person occupancy. But for a five star hotel you would expect housekeeping to check on the number of guests. Bed size too needs consideration as the superior and de luxe rooms only have a queen size bed - 5'6&quot; width where you would usually expect a king - 6'0&quot; bed in a 5 star hotel even in the basically priced rooms. These superior rooms echo more of the standard of a US Holiday Inn - which I would never class as a 5 star hotel.3. Because it is a business hotel and near to airport, there is corridor noise and plumbing noise both late at night and early morning. We adapted to this but if you are a light sleeper you would need ear plugs.But for all these criticisms, I would certainly stay here again - the grounds and pools are fantastic and the staff exceptionally attentive and polite. Food and service are first rate. And with a Club room you should have an excellent bedroom as well.	
Apr 22 2006	Loved Le Meridien.	Le Meridien, close to the Airport, was an excellent choice for a break in Dubai. There was no aspect of the hotel we could criticise, or even find the slightest fault with.! For us, the very best things about the hotel were the excellent staff - not only cheerful and courteous but also very professional - and the location of the hotel and Le Meridien village, situated away from the bustle and building works that seemed to be going on everywhere else.	
Apr 13 2006	Not up to 5 star status.	Was surprised at previous gushing review!. This is an average 5 star hotel that is just 3 min away from the air-port -- in fact we could have easily walked here from our flight, but the hotel provides complimentary pick-up. Standard room was looking tired with poor work-man ship. Bathroom wasnt anything special and the bidet was leaking even though I didnt use it. Also ventilator in bathroom not working, didnt complain as we were only there for a 2 night stop-over. There was only one robe and pair of slippers in room, a mishap that shouldnt really occur with a 5 star status.The big advantage of staying here as a stop-over is closeness to airport, the roads into the city get very clogged up with traffic. Plus we took the advantage of a day pass to the Royal Meridien beach hotel for the day, which was gorgeous, and swum in the sea, hired a catamaran out. This was well worth it, but do book up a pass before hand as they are limited.	
Apr 11 2006 	Fantastic service and peaceful	We stayed here for a week during March, while we were working there. During our time in Dubai, we visited a lot of other hotels and Le Meridien was one of the best hotels we saw. Le Meridien is a business hotel and was so quiet and peaceful, not many children, they seem to stay at the larger hotels down by the beach. We had no problems with drunken people, and you couldn't keep your sunbed by the pool, once you moved off the beds the lifeguard would remove the towels and replace them with fresh ones. The service was excellent and would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 4 2006	We hope to return back again	We just came back from Dubai in which we celebrated our twenty five yearswedding anniversary. We spent five days in Le Meridien Airport. It is a fantastichotel.We were treated like royalty. The staff are excellent, they all courteous,polite,truly fantastic! The service cannot be faulted. The location was ideal because it is not in the middle of the hustle andbustle of construction developments.Our six year old son loved it. The three swimming pools in the hotel areexcellent and not crowded. It doesn?t matter what time you turn up to swim,you will always find beds. The pool attendants are always ready to sort yourbeds and they will bring you cooltowels to refresh you. If you like the beach, the hotels courtesy mini buswill pick you up at 10.30 to drop you at the sister hotels Le Meridien Beachor Mina Seyahi (choice is yours) and will collect you at 1630 to take youback. However make sure you book it. Also the hotel has another courtesybus to take you to the gold and spice markets every morning at 09.45. Otherthan that there is an hourly shuttle service to take you to the city shoppingcentre. Finally every half an hour there is a courtesy bus to the airportto dropyou or pick you up. It is all free.The hotel rooms are big which include silk bed linens and feather pillows,a large plasmatelevision, and complimentary slippers and dressing gowns. Also every morningthere is fresh fruit and free bottles of water on your table.The bath rooms are not big but very clean and always topped up with Molton&amp;Brown shampoo, and body lotions.There are at least five different restaurants on site. Each one of them doingdifferent nightly promotions. For around £25.00 you can eat and drink ata restaurant.(Our six years old boy wasn?t charged).We also attended a dessert safari and Arabian barbecue, which was truly amazing.I recommend it highly. The safari starts with driving through the dessertin a 4X4(dune bashing). We then visited a camel farm campsite for barbecue,went on a camel ride and enjoyed the sand boarding. All in all it is a excellenthotel. We hope to return back again. I would confidentially recommend itto anyone.	
Mar 28 2006	Great Customer Service	We stayed at this hotel from 15th to 18th March. We were impressed by the facilities offered by the Royal Club package and would probably use the hotel again.We used the pools and other facilities early morning and thus avoided any of the congestion that can occurr.The Meridien Village was an enjoyable (though sometimes expensive)dining experience (best value by far was the Irish Bar - Dubliners).One major area of concern was the effectiveness of reception staff in the business suite of Royal Club. I asked for two items of very important mail to be sent to the UK whilst we were there. To date, some 2 weeks later neither has arrived!On the whole a positive and welcoming experience but not one to entrust for any critical business tasks!	
Mar 26 2006	Very happy	I read most of the reviews before I went to get a feel for what to expect. We could not fault the place - especially the staff. We arrived very early in the morning (off a 15 hours flight) not expecting a room to be ready - but the staff went out of their way to get one for us quickly - offering us a free breakfast while we waited and then sending a bottle of wine to our room as a gift for waiting patiently.Reading some of the other reviews we wondered if we'd be able to make use of the sister hotel for free (as we had a very cheap deal with Emirates). Apparently that's all to do with your travel agent so perhaps check before you go and you won't be disappointed (Trailfinders in Aust, UK and Ireland offer this to customers).We'd stay there again, it was great!	
Mar 19 2006	Not up to scratch	I have just returned from a business trip to Dubai staying at the Meridien, conveniently situated by the airport. This is a five star hotel with a few problems. I had booked on line via Expedia and on arrival was disappointed with the room, in particular the bathroom which was ridiculously small, dark and in desperate need of refurbishment. One would expect aircraft noise at this hotel and it causes a minor irritation during the day but every night I was woken periodically by the bigger jets taking off. This should definitely be taken into consideration by light sleepers. The hotel is large and impersonal with indifferent staff manning the reception, restaurants and bars, the domestics and pool attendants are courteous. The clerk on the car hire desk was cold and unfriendly on both occasions we had cause to interact with her. An altogether more serious problem was the drunkeness of some of the guests (mostly English I am afraid) around the pool areas at all hours of the day. Middle aged men and women staggered around from early morning to late evening shouting and using the most disgusting language I have ever heard with total disregard for the embarrassment of other guests including small children. The staff were seemingly unable or unwilling to intervene, men in suits periodically appeared to survey the sorry scene then retreated back behind their desks. There are not enough sun beds provided around the three pools resulting in the usual hogging of the loungers by guests who fail to appear to use them. The Meridien Village has a selection of restaurants and bars which cater for almost every taste, Tex Mex and the Irish Bar are the most popular and are good value for money, I recommend the latter in particular if you are English and in need of something familiar. I had booked on a room only basis and discovered on the last morning of my stay that you can get a very good breakfast in the foyer cafe for roughly half the price of the overpriced meal in the Yalumba breakfast restaurant. I would not recommend this hotel and will definitely avoid it in the future.	
Mar 9 2006	We loved it	We stayed at Le Meridien and could not fault the hotel. The staff were very attentive,polite and friendly, the hotel spotlessly clean. Location to us was perfect - not in the middle of the mass of construction. My 7 year old daughter loved the 3 pools at the hotel &amp; they fully compensated for no sea!We could have spent a week at the hotel and never left the doorstep. The health &amp; beauty facilites on site were excellent and again the staff very friendly. There are ample of places to eat, offering a range of types of food. The Terrace resturant is a must - booking recommended. I can not rate the place enough &amp; can't wait to go back.	
Feb 2 2006	Fab Hotel	I have just returned from a five night stay in Dubai, and would definately recommend the Le Meridien Dubai, despite being literally 2 min taxi ride from the airport, the hotel is nothing like an airport hotel. It has 14 restaurants, an irish bar, and a club/bar with live music. Also two pools (and they are planning another one), and the main pool has a swim up bar. (lovely!)One of the hotels biggest assets, has to be the staff, who go out of their way to help without a second thought, and unlike a lot of american hotel staff they don't hang around waiting for a tip.The hotel is about 10 mins taxi ride to the main areas of Bur Dubai, Jemeriah and Deria, but taxis are so cheap (15-30 Dhs approx £2-£5) that it didn't matter.We booked an excursion through the hotel to spend the morning Sand Dunning, Camel Riding and Sand Boarding, and despite having to get up at 8am (with a hang over) It was fantastic, I particularily enjoyed the Sand Boarding, which is surprisingly easier than it looks. It was excellent value for money, and so easy to book.	
Jan 18 2006	Romantic Country	For my 21 anniversary my husband booked us into Le Meridien Dubai, as a surprise. We stayed for 4 nights. I am well travelled, and I can safely recommend this Hotel. We were treated excellently by all staff members who ensured our comfort transport to and from the Airport only 3 minutes away. At night the hotel provided live music in the huge marbel lounge with a wide choice of various music sounds and eating establishments wrapped around the Hotel. At night water fountains ran throughout the complex with soft coloured lighting all adding to the atmosphere. Culture and the design of buildings took my breath away. I would fully recommend a visit to this beautiful country and hotel. I cannot wait for my return visit.	
Dec 19 2005	Ideal for airport and city	Literally 3 minutes from the airport, Le Meridian was a perfect basis for our 5 day city break.Room was large and very clean, no compliants there ! Staff were very friendly, breakfasts were very nice also. The hotel has approx. 10 restaurants and every meal we had was excellent (but book early). The hotel's gym is very large and spacious, and the treadmills have individual screens to watch tv whilst running. The pool areas (2) are well maintained and the pool was lovely and warm.The City Mall is close by (5-10 minute taxi ride) which has a good selection of shops. Al Karama is a shopping area for &quot;replica&quot; watches and handbags but you will be harassed (as we were in the Gold Souk). We took the complimentary bus to their sister hotel on the beach (a long 45 minute bus ride). There is a huge amount of buidling work going on and we wished we'd stayed put - oh well. Overall, this hotel was excellent and will definetly return.	
Nov 15 2005	Alright except for the bathroom	My family stayed for 5 nights at this hotel. We had complimentary hotel pickup from the airport and check-in was very fast. The decor was what you would expect of a 5* hotel. My gripe was with the bathroom. We took a deluxe room and the bathroom was tiny, the tub was stained and the shower curtain smelled. The shower mixer was loosely hanging off the wall and the we would be in ankle deep water before the water started to drain. The bathroom fittings looked old and didn't fit in with the 5* decor of the room. Having said that, both bathroom and room were spotlessly clean and towels were changed daily. I was a little disappointed that our room did not have complimentary coffee/tea making facilities, we had to borrow a kettle to make milk for our young child. The tv stations were quite bad and they didn't have any good movie channels, not even HBO. The room service menu was very limited. The bathroom however had Hermes shower products which was a nice touch.The breakfast buffet was varied but it never changed during the 6 days we were there. We kind of got tired of it by the 4th day. There is however an 'egg station' which you can order your eggs from the waiter and it would be served at your table. Toast and a few selection of muffins and breads were also available.We had access to Le Meridien's sister hotel at Jumeirah Beach which we thoroughly enjoyed. The free transport leaves at 10.30am and the journey takes roughly about half an hour in non-peak traffic. Beach towels are given in exchange for your passport/driving license or any other type of identificaton so remember to bring one along. We had access to the terrific pool and beautiful beach. There were clean shower stalls, toilet and changing area with lockers at the beach resort and you could shower off before you caught the transport back to Dubai at 4.30pm, Molton Brown products were given which I thought was a nice touch. A word of advice though - book early if you want to visit the beach as Le Meridien Dubai only gives out 15 passes a day. The hotel also had daily free transport to the Gold Souk and City Centre which is a huge shopping centre. We visited City Centre daily for our meals as they had 2 foodcourts - 1 slightly cheaper and 1 slightly upmarket. Macdonalds, Burger King and KFC were located at the cheaper foodcourt and if you have kids there is something like a kiddyland with rides and merry-go-round which they would love. There was also a Carrefour which was convenient as we would buy food there and take it back to our hotel to eat as we were there during Ramadan and the foodcourt was closed.The complimentary transport fetches you there but there is no pick-up back to the hotel so you have to catch a cab back. It's about a 10 minute taxi ride and would cost you something like 10 dirhams.Despite the hotel's close proximity to the airport, not once did we hear any planes taking off nor was it ever noisy, it was quiet at night and we all slept well.Complimentary transfer to the airport leaves every half-hour but be sure to inform the reception staff what time you want to catch the transfer. Despite the hotel's strict policy that check-out is at 12noon, we managed to get late check out at 3.30pm as our flight was at 6pm, I thought they were rather accommodating.Despite my gripe about the bathroom, I would highly recommend this hotel for friendly staff, proximity to the airport, shopping centre and cleanliness.	
Nov 11 2005	Super hotel!	We stayed here as a family with a 9 year old daughter for 8 days during October. We chose a Royal Club room which costs more but does give some lovely extras. The staff there were lovely and the breakfasts (buffet style) were great.The hotel, staff and facilities were nothing short of excellent. There was a bit of refurbishment work taking place when we were there but it was not intrusive and did not spoil our enjoyment in any way. The hotel has a vast number of restaurants (14, I think) and the ones we ate in were superb. The village terrace barbecue was particularly good with lots of choices to suit everyone and the price is all inclusive with drinks. It was an amazing £19 or so a head (1/2 price for children)! My daughter loved the pool (there's 2 with another being built) and my husband was well impressed with the very good gym.We had a great time and we will definitely be back.	
Nov 3 2005	treated like royalty	My two week holiday staying in le meridien Dubai was fabulous! From the moment we arrived we were well looked after. Hotel was beautifuland the room had huge comfortable beds, plasma TV and DVD player. At breakfast you were totally pampered and anything you wanted you got. The choice of restaurants is really good and the ones we tried were brilliant. I would definately recommend this hotel!!	
Nov 2 2005	Actually still here while I write	So impressed, staying in the Royal Club rooms with breakfast, afternoon tea, evening drinks, and nightcap all included.The staff in the Royal Club are very attentive, nothing is too much trouble.Rooms are very good with bathrooms perhaps a little small, but that is just being picky.The business centre has 24 hour internet access for free so its easy to stay in touch with home.Location is good, near the airport, but not near the beachWorth giving it a try if you are coming to Dubai.	
Nov 1 2005	Best Value Dubai City and Beach	The Meridien Dubai City hotel is 3 km from the airport - but don't let that put you off. It is quiet, in fact, it is more peaceful than the beach locations, which suffer construction 24 hours a day.We have not stopped congratulating ourselves on our decision to stay in the city centre, which afforded us all the luxury of a beach side hotel, a choice of two swimming pools and 10 restaurants with easy access to City centre attractions all at a third of the price of staying down on the beach.We spent 12 nights in October half term, with our two children aged 6 and 4, and had a very good relaxing family holiday. We spent most of our time lazing around the pool, eating and drinking ourselves stupid at the hotel's bbq buffet, and meeting other likeminded parents, that recognised a good value half term break when they saw one! We also made the most of the hotel's complementary shuttle to its sister hotels down on the beach. Of course, this only happened when we could drag ourselves away from the comfort of the pool. Made even more comfortable with a constant life guard on patrol.On the whole, this hotel is probably more suited to the business short trip traveller. It is certainly more set up for business users. However, don't let this put you off, it is a good quality 5 star hotel, with a (expensive) spa and around 10 bars and restaurants on sight. It also has a complementary shuttle bus to all of the shopping malls, running each morning and evening.	
Aug 27 2005	Well worth a visit..a great stopover Hotel	July 2005 (2 Nights Stopover with Emirates on route to Australia) Very handy location just a short car transfer from the Airport (which was included) We received excellent service and can recommend the additional touches in the Royal Club rooms. The onsite SPA facilities are wonderful and well worth a treat, facilities and attention to service around the two swiming pools was excellent. When it comes to eating out theres a vast choice to suit all taste's set outside in the garden &quot;village&quot; Were sorry we didn't book the stopover in both directions as the initial cost was very reasonable even with 2 rooms covering our party of 3 adults and one 10 year old. Another nice touch, we even received a follow up letter on our return home - Yes, this is one hotel we would not hesitate to revisit and hopefully sooner rather than later.	
Aug 19 2005	Fantastic!	Everything about the hotel and facilities was excellent. From the highly impressive fitness centre to the wide range of dining options. Definitely worth a visit and very reasonably priced!	
Aug 10 2005	Excellent Value Hotel	Stayed here 1-7 August 2005 and would give it an 8/10 overall. The room service was excellent with the room being tended twice a day. The fresh bowls of fruit in the room were welcome as was the 24hr complimentary tea and coffee. The prices at the Dubliner pub within the Meridien Village were good value for both meals and drinks. There was a small amount of building work going on around the pool area but after a day or so you don't actually notice it. The taxis to get out and about were also good value, 8 pounds for a 35 minute ride to the Burj Al Arab for afternoon tea, which is a must do if you have the time, pre-book it before you go. The shopping malls are excellent and have every shop imaginable.While at the hotel I never actually saw a plane taking off from the airport nearby but I did hear them, not unduly loud though.An evening Dow Cruise along the Creek was a nice night out and worth the 30 pounds for the eat as much as you like buffet, lovely food choice.I have recently stayed in Vegas, New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles and the standard of this hotel was at least as good as any on the hotels I stayed in the USA, maybe with the xception of the Luxor in Vegas. Overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 5 2005	Noisy Meridien	Though the hotel offers nice facilities and attentive service, the deluxe room was very noisy due to the proximity with the airport.On some occasions, the planes were taking off so close that you could almost feel the windows trembling.This was a disappointment as the hotel was 5 stars, Fruits basket and newspapers complimentary every day; small outside pools and very willing staff.The facilities also include animated bars and several restaurants.I recommend for business travellers stopping via Dubai.	
Aug 5 2005	Nice Hotel	We knew that this hotel was near the airport but was shocked at how close it was but to be honest that didn't cause any problems as the noise from aircrafts didn't really affect us at all.Overall I thought this hotel was very nice. The only disappointing thing was that the pools wasn't big enough, eventhough we did get a sunbed everyday there just wasn't really much character, they were pretty basic pools.The food in the hotel was very nice and our hotel room was clean and spacious apart from the bathroom which was fairly small.I would recommend this hotel to people who are on a budget but there are other nicer hotels in Dubai of course.	
Aug 2 2005	excellent sevice	Excellent service from all the staff. Facilities are excellent including the pool area and gym . Stayed in the Royal Club part of the Hotel which added afternoon tea/cakes sandwiches, Free bar and canapes in the club lounge for 1 hour 7-8 each night (although we stayed longer and it did not seem a problem) use of seperate lounge for breakfast where the service was excellent. Complimentary night cap and small desert each evening. Also received daily fresh fruit and complimentary tea/coffe fresh juices 24hrs. Free use of business centre computers and internet access (which kept the kids quiet when we needed to relax). The restaurants were all excellent and reasonably priced.Courtesey car transfer to and from the Airport was excellent. Although this Hotel is only 5 mins from the airport the is no aircraft noise at all even when you are by the pool.The rooms are good without being exceptional but then again we paid considerably less than quotes for similar hotels.Was asked to pay 100 AED per person per day to use the facilities of the sister Hotel on the beach but this was waved when I objected. Transfer to the beech is free on the courtesy bus except fridays or about 50 AED by taxi. Shopping centre is ten mins by taxi and costs around 10 AED.	
Jun 18 2005	convienient	There are 8 hotels in Dubai with the name Le Meridien in them, so be careful which one you book. We booked this through Emirates who we flew with for the purposes of a 2 day stop over. There seems to be a 5 star section and a 31/2 star section - where we stayed. We were dropped off at a difference entrance and served by staff dressed in Emirates Air clothing. The rooms are spacious and air conditioned, which you need in Dubai! Breakfast was good. Pool is good. The gym is excellent, but can get very busy at night - I think it is available to outside members and staff. There is a good selcetin of restaurants a short walk behind the hotel complex. There is a nice little coffe shop in the main entrance area. They have a free bus into the main souk area once a day and one to the beaches area once a day - you can get of here then catch a taxi ( about 8 Dirim) down to Wild Wadi Waterpark. You need to catch a taxi back to the hotel about 30 dirim. Make sure your taxi has a meter BEFORE you get in it - try to use only the white ones with the blue/red stripes or the caramel coloured ones. Taxis can be hard to get at some times in the day, usually early afternoon - 2-3pm.If you need any info or to book any tours etc go to the Business Centre tucked away in a corner of the main reception area of the hotel, they are very helpful. If you want to have afternoon tea at the Burj, BOOK BEFORE YOU LEAVE HOME WEEKS IN ADVANCE AND MAKE SURE YOU ASK TO BE ON THE 27th FLOOR.	
Jun 12 2005	Fantastic!	Brilliant staff and service, treated like royalty. Lovely, calm oasis. don't let being so close to airport put you off, you would never know. Fantastic restaurants to choose from, top class food, you could spend a fortnight here and never feel the need to leave the hotel. Loved it!	
May 22 2005	Fantastic	A wonderful hotel with excellent service and facilities. There was alway plenty of room round the two pools and the cold flannels on particularly hot days were very welcome. We ate in a number of the places in the hotel and without exception they were excellent and very reasonably priced.I used the hotal spa on three occasions for aromatherapy, reflexology and a facial and all of them were first class treatments. You really did feel pampered.Even though the hotel is near the airport you are not aware of it. We particularly felt we had made a good choice when we went to the coast and saw the huge amount of building work going on there.All in all an excellent hotel which I hope to return to and which I would recommend to anyone with confidence	
Apr 26 2005	Well worth getting the Royal Club rooms	There is a separate wing to this airport hotel and it seems to be a hotel within a hotel. Rooms are adequate but nothing special. What is special is that there is a separate dining room for breakfast and complementary happy hour each evening. Very generous it is too, tip the waiting staff and it becomes over the top generous.With the beach in Dubai a giant building site now, I think this is an excellent place to base yourself for a leisure holiday. For the addicted beach combers a shuttle leaves daily for the associated (and way more expensive) sister hotels on the beach	
Apr 23 2005	Great value for money and always a first class sevice	We arrived early am after an overnight flight on Emirates (excellent!) from London expecting to sit around half the day waiting for a room but within 15 min we were unpacking cases and on with the swimwear.Yes the bathrooms are compact and a bit dated but who goes on holiday to spend hours in a bathroom! The rooms are clean,tidy and well appointed. We stayed for 6 nights and the level of service we received could not be faulted,nothing was to much trouble from a different selection of pillows to hot or cold milk in our complimentary tea deliverd to our room each afternoon always within 5 min of ordering.The staff around the pool area never stopped smiling and the sunloungers all had thick mattresses combined with a crystal clear pool and cold face towel service a very welcome touch.There were a large selection of restaurants on site from Thai to Steak Houses,one in particular proved very popular as for 110.00 Dhrs (about £16.50)you could eat &amp; drink all you wanted.To sum up yes there are better 5* hotels in Dubai but for under £650.00 a head including flights for the 6 night stay I have paid considerably more and received far less.As for airport noise you wouldn't have known it was a 5 min taxi ride away,but one word of warning the traffic in Dubai city at certain times is a nightmare and a 5 min taxi ride to the malls or the gold souk can take 30-45 min!	
Apr 17 2005	decent hotel dated rooms odd service.	I was delighted when the hotel let me check in (on a one night stay!) at 7am on the day of arrival. Seeing nothing opened in town until Midday, this was a god-send. I had a ground level room facing the carpark, but it was spacious and reasonably appointed. It does need tarting up, esp if it considers the rooms 5 star. It isnt 5 star. The bathroom was dissapointing, small, dated &amp; didnt feel clean.Restaurant choice was excellent, and the breakfast service delivered to your room for AED77 (about 12 quid) was brilliant. My gripe with the hotel was the inconsistent levels of service. They were aware i was on a &quot;bargain break&quot; package and denied me outgoing calls (why? I had already given them my CC details at check in) until i called to complain and they lifted the restrictions. They also removed the fruit basket from my room (a little petty considering all rooms have them) and instead of receiving the complimentary newspaper in the morning hanging from a tasteful little canvas bag on the door knob, it was just dumped on the floor (seriously!). I was obviously the only peasant that had to endure this out of the entire floor. It made me feel a little awkward, but the best was at check out. There was about 10 people before me who were dealt with quickly &amp; they swiftly had their private cars/transfers to the airport. When i checked out they asked me what class of air i was travelling. I felt this was a little undignified - I told them economy, and basically it relegated me to a shared mini-bus that i had to wait in for 10min for a few other passengers, which i thought was bizarre considering its a 2min trip to the airport! i would give this 7/10. The main points scored was the 7am check in!	
Apr 4 2005	nice building shame about the room!	Stayed here March 30-April 3rd:This is a 5 star hotel, everything outside of the bedroom is really 5 star, the restaurants are very good, but pricey. The spa and gym proffesional. the big let down was the bedroom. the bathroom is ok if you are a midget on your own, but not for two average sized people!! Also the bed is only a european double, definatly not big enough.The furnishings and decoration are dismal-my first house was in a better state!!! The pillows are fluffed at nght time, but no need as they are made of fresh air anyway!!! Bring your own, is my advice!!!I have stayed in far superior rooms back here in the uk in motorway lodges!! The swimming pools are big, but again need updating, and there are not enough sun umbrellas-not good in summer temperatures!!The staff seem friendly enough, but seem a bit too subservient for my liking. Spend more money and stay somewhere else as lying by the pool, you watch airplanes land and take off....great if you are a plane spotter, but not brilliant if you want to lounge by the pool.	
Mar 29 2005	Le Meridien - Okay	we have just returned from a week in Le Meridien. Mixed opinions, we upgraded to a Royal Club room which is not worth the etxra cost. Food was good at breakfast but the same is true of the general breakfast buffet. Rooms are very dated , they are planning on upgrading these, the free cocktails in the evening are limited to 1 hour , also they give you a small selection of nibbles. Pool area is very nice and service and food here excellent.All in all I would n't consider this in the same league as other 5 star hotels we stayed in such as Shangri-La, Hyatt before , no comparisonHowever you get what you pay for and it was cheaper than these. One gripe was the charge of 100 AED p.p to visit the Royal Meridien Beach club , we went one day to Jumeirah Beach hotel , got a taxi for AED 50 and paid a charge of 35 AED to use the Beach club .Would I go back ? In short not to this hotel, I would probably stay in Shangri-La or Grand Hyatt	
Mar 5 2005	Very pleasant stay		
Jan 4 2005	OK but not 5*		
Dec 14 2004	Superb		
Nov 17 2004	Couldn't fault it!!!!		
Nov 16 2004	Don't do it !		
Oct 18 2004	Excellent visit		
Oct 3 2004	Friendly Hotel but a little dated		
Oct 3 2004	excellent serice		
Sep 15 2004	Wonderful service amenities and location		
Jul 8 2004	Excellent		
Nov 24 2009 	Viaggiare per lavoro...è meglio farlo in bei posti!!!		
Oct 12 2009 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Sep 16 2009 	????????????		
Sep 7 2009 	la colazione più incredibile mai vista		
Aug 25 2009 	Un Sogno		
Aug 5 2009 	Hervoragendes Hotel für Erholung und Sightseeing		
Feb 1 2009 	A éviter		
Jan 4 2009 	Minable !		
