	unbelivable!!!!!!!!!	well were do i start????? atlantis the palm was fantastic,me and my partner went to celebrate his 30th birthday,we stayed in a imperial club suite but only got the chance to vist the imperial club lounge once as we had room service for breakfast,again this was unbelivable,food in the hotel was amazing,rooms were lovely,beach spotlesly clean,pool fabulous!!!,Aqua adventure was brilliant we cant wait to go back next year with our 2 kids would reccomend this hotel to EVERYONE!!!!! we loved it and cany wait to go back,also try the spa its lovely treatments r to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!! xxx	
	What a great hotel...	We came to the Atlantis Palm from the Burj Al Arab and expected to feel let down. We didn't. The Atlantis Palm is a beautiful hotel in it's own right and offers great service and value for money. We were amazed at the reception area which had an enormous glass centrepiece. The whole hotel is sumptuously decorated. We were attended to promptly and pleasantly. The personnel working at the hotel were all extremely polite and unassuming. Very sweet people. They made us feel at ease and that nothing was a problem. Our room was quite large and we had a balcony overlooking the pool. We didn't have the chance to go swimming but the pools (and sea) looked inviting. The huge aquarium containing many fish and a whale shark was awesome - we visited it a lot. We also visited the underground chambers which were worth looking at. The breakfast rooms were huge and got busy, but we only waited briefly once. There was masses of variety and the attendants were only too happy to make sure you got what you wanted. Food was replenished constantly. We ended up having room service one night as we couldn't get a seat in the restaurant we fancied. Because of the size and busy-ness of the hotel it would probably pay to make decisions about which restaurants you want to dine in and book asap because we didn't call until late afternoon and the one we wanted was fully booked. We enjoyed room service - the food was good and well priced - and we went for a walk around afterwards. In fact, we can't fault anything in Dubai - we enjoyed everything we did there. We arranged tours through the hotel and they were such fun and an experience we'll never forget. The Atlantis Palm was pleasant, well operated and well maintained. We would definitely stay there again as we felt very welcome and were treated well.	
	Holiday Inn on Steriods	Having stayed at almost all the top hotels in UAE I can say that the Atlantis was probably the most over rated and least value of all.At this level all hotels especially in Dubai and Abu Dhabi are of a high standard in terms of appointment and staffing and offer a wide range of amenities.The biggest difference with the Atlantis is most of food outlets and other attractions are open to the general public.Its location makes offsite visits/trips a chore logistically. The lack of personalization and attention to detail is hit and miss together with its thin white sand and still water.For those of you taking advantage of the summer months discounted rates there are far better hotels offering exclusivity for both couples and families alike, at a standard the Atlantis cannot compete with (eg private villas, personal maid/butler service exclusive pools and free entrance to water parks and up to 4 other Hotels in the same complex)Although I don’t recommend the Burg simply it’s to ostentations you can have cocktails in its lounge far cheaper than Atlantis then take an abra on the canal to a waterside restaurant or if you want burger and chips or a cinnamon role at normal prices go to the souk nestled between two of the hotels by foot or abra.The Jemeera beach hotels made up of 4, including wild wadi Water Park and is a stones throw from the Malls. This is where you should be heading for your first experience of Dubai luxury.From the themed Arabic suits in Al Qusar and to a lesser degree Mina Al Salam to elegant but smart Jemerra Beach or the Burj Al Arab if gold is your favorite colour. Explore away to your heart’s content over this massive suit of Hotels and find niche places to sit like the pier restaurant for a bear or walk to the Yacht marine bar. Grab a quick hot dog in Wald Wadi. Or pub grub in the bar at Jemeera or the finest cuisine at exclusive restaurants.You can tailor you budget throughout the day by simply choosing where to dine, in or out of the Hotels.The beaches and pools and themed kids clubs are second to none your simply spoilt for choice, just grab a buggy and hop along to your favorite.If you want to go to the souk that is open to all there are plenty of other restaurants to choose from like the meat company or Trader Vic’s but these will be busy at night/weekends so book early.These are all well established and offer a much greater range than the few at the Atlantis avenue that have paid over the odds for the concessions.Go to the Atlantis if you like a pumped up Holiday Inn and want to pay for their 20Million dollar opening. If you want to be wowed cosseted and pampered for the same price go elsewhere.	
	Great Experience	Was a bit nervous given some of the reviews. I have travelled to Dubai many times for business, but this was a first with the whole family. We decided with kids 8 and 11 that having the waterpark would overcome any negative reviews. I have to say that it truly is a superb hotel. We stayed in a terrace suite that was very spacious and had a huge terrace overlooking the aquarium...which was great at night to watch. We also had Imperial Club access which I find is a big plus for the free drinks at night. The staff throughout the hotel was always willing to do whatever. Very similar to other high end Dubai hotels...hard to go wrong with the staff. The waterpark was simply amazing. We would go first thing when it opened to do a whole bunch of rides before it became crowded. Great rides...could not get enough of them. Food was very good throughout the hotel. Could find variety at all the spots. It is very expensive however. Seemed a bit higher then other hotels I have stayed at in Dubai. Overall just a great experience....especially if you have children. Not sure I would stay if it was just me on business, but with the family I would absolutely come back.	
	wished we could have stayed longer	this was a quick 3 day trip for my wifes birthday without the children. We booked an Imperial Club room. The staff couldnt do enough for us. The Club lounge facilities were fantastic as was the room. we never walked past a single member of staff who didnt say &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;good afternoon&quot;The waterpark was excellent and the lazy river was better than typhoon lagoon in orlando.We were also impressed with the aquarium.Cant wait to take the children back for a longer stay.Interesting though that all the cranes round about were not moving. My wife did the shallow dolphin experience and really enjoyed it.The interior decor had to be seen to be believed	
	amazing	Superb hotel,staff very friendly and well mannerd.Rooms are superb ,very clean .Fresh fruit daily at no cost,towels replaced daily,and as many as you need.Also supplied at beach on the loundgers.We went bed and breakfast,you must do this,as the buffet which is superb costs £28.00 each or 140.00 aed.very expensive to eat out at night.£60.00 for wine that costs £5.00 at home.Make sure you take drink in with you,from duty free,as the fridge in the room is good,with a mini bar which again is expensive.Dont use the metro link over the bay its 25.00aed each and you need to get ataxi at the other end.Which cost 70.00 aed to go to the mall of the emirates.The hotel run a free mini bus to the mall.The shopping is amazing all the designer shops and waitrose to.At the hotel use the happy hours 6pm till 8pm 50% off selected drinks.The weather was superb,cant wait to go back.Last point you can eat at the mall loads of places and alot cheaper and the duty free on the way out is superb again lots of shops.	
	Loved it...and we're fussy	We picked Dubai and the Atlantis for a week holiday in November, not wanting to travel long haul from the UK for a week for some relaxation, guaranteed sunshine, good food and a bit of shopping,..Dubai was the obvious place.This was our first trip to Dubai and before we arrived, we wondered if we would love it or hate it - both Dubai and the Atlantis. Having read all the reviews on here before booking, we were slightly worried about the &quot;Vegas-ness&quot; of the hotel and whether it would be tacky and OTT. It certainly is OTT but most definitely not tacky. The place is quite simply amazing in every possible respect - the approach from the Palm itself where the Atlantis just appears from nowhere, the entrance lobby area, views from the room, restaurants, pools, service...everything. We'd heard about the service levels generally in Dubai and also read on here about the lack of personal service, queues etc...I have to say I disagree with all of these comments. Yes, there are queues if you go down to breakfast at 10.30, but we were there between 8 and 9 most days and never queued once. The staff were genuinely attentive throughout, and would always smile, say hello, everything was a pleasure and nothing too much trouble. The service levels are on a par with 5* in the US, but the difference is everything in Dubai is done for their pride in their job, rather than in expectation of a tip (unlike the US). Yes, a tip is definitely appreciated here, as it is everywhere, but it certainly isn't expected. We had an Atlantis room with views to the Palm - definitely worth the extra money for the views, although its a little bit incongrous to be sat by the pool or on the beach looking at the skyscrapers on the mainland. We personally enjoyed being that little bit removed from the hussle and bussle of the mainland and we were able to relax in the hotel and grounds. I agree the beach is a bit gritty, and the water does appear polluted where it washes up on the beach, but its a mean feat of engineering in itself, and we're pool people anyway so that didn't really bother us. Plenty of people were on the beach and in water.Food was of a high standard. We went on a HB package which was fine, although it limits the restaurants you can eat in and set menus in some of them also. If we went again, we would stay BB so that we had flexibility each night on where to eat. I didn't think the prices were bad generally - even at Nobu, Locatelli and the specialist steak restaurant, much on a par with decent restaurants in the UK and probably less than it would cost if you went to Nobu or Locatelli in London. At the end of the day, you don't come to the Atlantis and expect to eat in Burger King for £5 per head. The buffet in Saffron was amazing for both breakfast and dinner, with the sushi/seafood counter with as much lobster as you can eat, specialist Indian/Chinese stations as well as grilled fish, chicken, beef etc...desserts were amazing. The only thing that was a bit disappointing was the main courses which were often a little cold having been left on the hot-plate for a while. We're not generally buffet fans, but this was definitely the best one we've ever been to, and certainly miles apart from the traditional image of buffet restaurants. Drinks were expensive, but as others have said, this is the same throughout Dubai and in 5* hotels throughout the world. This is one of the areas all hotels make their money so it came as no surprise.One thing that did surprise us was the amount of small children at the resort. Travelling outside school holidays, there did appear to be a large number of families with kids - both English and other nationalities. The staff appeared very good with the kids, although one of the pools was closed for a couple of hours one day due to an &quot;accident&quot; in the pool. The lifeguards handled this very efficiently and politely, although it did amaze me the number of guests who still wanted to swim whilst the pool was being cleaned and the lifeguards having to explain why they couldn't....personally I'd rather wait (or go to the other pool) and swim in a clean pool, but there you go.Went to the Lost Chambers which we enjoyed, free entry for hotel guests. We went early to avoid the queues - It got a bit of a scrum later in the day and in the evenings. The hotel is definitely a tourist hotspot and got very busy with sightseers in the public areas - lobby and around the aquarium, but it had a great atmosphere and there was always a quite spot to relax. Never had a problem getting a sunbed, if anything, there were always plenty available throughout the day. In certain areas, staff do check you are a hotel guest before allowing you entry to some areas, but I personally prefer that - I've paid a lot of money to stay here, why should others walk in and use the hotel facilities for free? Besides, after the first couple of days, most of the guards recognised us and nodded and let us through.Overall, loved Dubai, loved the Atlantis. Had a great stay...yes its not cheap, but it was definitely worth the money and we will definitely return.	
	never go anywhere twice but weve been back here	We stayed at the Atlantis in Feb and again in August.It is worth upgrading to an Imperial Club room as there are many benefits.The staff are all very helpful and curteous.We did find that in Levantine the staff were a little off and we were not totally familiar with the cuisine and despite asking for advice the staff were not particularly helpful.The waterpark is great and safety is obviously paramount which means you can relax with the kids.The sea is clear but dont take your snorkel as theres not much to see as the wildlife is obviously recovering.Dubai is a very strange place but on our second viist we fell in love with the cleanliness,politeness and friendliness of everyone we met the service the standards etc etc.The Atlantis is a great place to chill but has enough to do if you want to be a little more adventorous.It especially gets a thumbs up from my six and nine year old who loved it.they liked the fact they could have a dip in the pool and a game of basketbaall,tabletennis,air hockey next to the pool and football everyday on the beach.Do be aware that meals are pricey look at the hotels website to see how much you are going to need as it bumps it up!	
	FAMILIES NO NEED TO LOOK ANYWHERE ELSE!!!	If you have a family (with teenagers or young children) this is THE place to go to. The hotel provides everything for you. If you wanted to, you could stay your whole holiday in the resort and still enjoy the whole thing. But even if you want to go out the hotel is in an amazing spot to go to any place. The room we stayed in was facing the palm itself. At night it was such an amazing view. If you do go be sure to get the imperial club package with half board, yes, you ill pay more now , but it is well worth it when you get there (a cup of tea is £7 and a meal at night in the hotel for a family of 4 almost comes to about £100). One of the main attractions in the resort itsef is the waterpark. Aquaventure is a waterpark on the side of the hotel. Guests get free entry anyway, So you can go there everyday of you holiday if you wanted (like we did). Aquaventure is one of the safest places to be for young children. With a lazy river with lifeguards situated every 10 feet you can always feel safe. There are vrious turns on the ricver to take you to loads of different destinations. There are about six turns including waterflls. These turns take you to either pools, wave machines, Splashers(for young children), the Ziggurat (with lots of slides, the main one being the leap of faith, i done it 23 times in 2 weeks), and the rapids. The lazy river takes you around the waterpark on rubber rings. You could spend the whole day going round and round. When you are walking around to tthe various shops and rides do make sure to wear either flip flops or those croc thingys because if you are there between 9am-6pm your feet WILL burn, the heat is that bad We went in august and the tempratures reached 48 degrees celcius. The hotel also has swimming pools, but once you have been to Aquaventure, you wont even think about trying to go there.  If you arent the water type of person (or child) there is always other things to do. Club Rush is open to everyone during the day but is a teenage nightclub at night and children can go to the Kids Club.  You can't help but noticethe ambsedor lagoon in the hotel. Holding 1000s of litres of water, it even has its own whale shrk (his name is Sammy).  The best places to eat are most definetly the Kealidescope at night (buffet nights from different parts of the world but they still can make whatever you ask them to. you'll have to go up to them behind the serving bar), and Saffron in the morning (more choice including a chocolate fountain).THIS IS THE BEST HOTEL IN THE WORLD FOR FAMILIES, NOTHING CAN MATCH UP TO IT!!!	
	A busy but good hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights and had a great time, we do not usually stay in large hotels but we had a busy time whilst there, there was so much to do. We went swimming with the dolphins which was a fantastic experience. We ate in the restaurants which were all very good, the Kaleidoscope was very busy and had food from all around the world. We liked the French restaurant for breakfast it was quieter. We had a meal in Nobu the food was different it was very nice (Japanese) and we had not eaten that way before the waiter was very helpful, we enjoyed the experience. The water park was fab we went twice and spent the whole day there. Our room was spacious and very clean. All though the hotel was busy all day with day guests, you could not hear anything at night time. Seeing as we don't stay in large hotels this has changed our minds and we would go back again.	
Nov 26 2009 	Surprised	I visited the Rostang brasserie on 18th November, with a friend who had been there a couple of weeks before and wanted to show Atlantis off to me. When my Earl Grey tea arrived in a small teapot, I was surprised to notice that the top of the little yellow tea pot was chipped to pieces. My friend commented that her husband had noticed the same thing two weeks earlier. I think that Atlantis housekeeping should be advised that this China is obviously not up to the standard one would expect in such a prestigious brasserie!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic family hotel	This Hotel is fantastic. I have stayed at a number of 5 star hotels including the Saint Geran, Berg Arab and Oberoi's and I can truly say this is a great hotel. It may not be subtle but there is nothiong cheap or tacky about the fitting out. Here are a few fab things about it:1. The interior design is impressive2. The staff and service are excellent - always there when you need them and never over the top - and they love kids3. The half board restaurants are the best I have seen in the world. Safron has an amazing array of quality foods inccluding a full Dim Sum bar and a fish counter with as much lobster on ice as you fancy and a chocolate fountain to put fruit on a stick into.4. You can get a arabian style tent by the pool for an extra charge which is fantastic for the kids with full shade, bean bags and a toy chest of board games etc.5. The water park is great fun for all the family and is a nice mix to spend a few hours there and then back to the quiet of the hotel pool.The hotel pools are great with a zero entry one ideal for toddlers6. Safety is a given with about 5 life guards per pool and security staff all over the hotel.It does not have the intamacy of a small luxury hotel but for a family holiday with young kids it has everything you need for a stress free fun time with a luxury feel.For our own experience, we paid the extra money to upgrade to a suite to get an extra room for our 2 young boys but got it credited back as we were interupted by noise form a beach marty on our second night. The staff were fantastic at dealing with it and left us feeling like they realy did care about their reputation and have now secured our future custom.The rooms are niceley done but paying thr extra £100 a night to upgerade to asuite on arrival is worth it if you can afford it. We got a tub big enough for the whole family and 1000 sq ft apartment).Dolphin experience was also great and worth the money for kidsDefinatley go for the half board deal - restaurants are quite pricey otherwise and the food is to die for..Thank you Atlantis for a great 6 days - we will be back !	
Nov 23 2009 	Good 4 Star!	Stayed here for 3 nights after staying at Burj Al Arab for 2 nights.Don't rate as a 5 star hotel, but it is still worth a stay due due to its competetive price. Hotel is mad busy (like a las vegas hotel) and isn't the best for a chill out holiday. There was nothing really wrong, but you don't feel that special, more like a number!Check-in is manic. Rooms are clean, modern, but maybe a litte basic-we had a room with adjoining doors and could hear next doors tv blaring out a lot! Restaurants are expensive but serve good quality food and the service is great.We went to dolphin bay at Atlantis and thought it was brilliant. Definately do the deep water swim, as we saw the shallow water experience going on and it looked not very good.Water park is loads of fun and is a lot better than the Wild Wadi water park.If you go to Dubai, then definately do the jeep safari tour. Its brilliant value for money, and that the only time i said that in Dubai, as everything is mega expensive!	
Nov 23 2009 	A fantastic week in fabulous surroundings	I have just returned from a fantastic week in the Atlantis The Palm &amp; I am missing it already! From the fantastic views from our 17th floor balcony to the awesome aquarium, we loved it! We decided to take a taxi from the airport as the hotel had quoted us 375aed one way so we decided to chance it with a taxi &amp; at 70aed it was well worth it! The check in process was incredibly swift &amp; we were upgraded which was even better! We had beautiful ocean views &amp; a small balcony to sit on &amp; enjoy them from! The food in the hotel was very nice, we ate in The Edge, The Shore &amp; The Italian, (think it was Locatelli!) The food at the Italian was amazing &amp; not as expensive as I had been expecting having read some of the previous reviews. The aquarium was great, I went every day &amp; never got bored of watching the wonderful array of fish going past. The Lost Chambers was fascinating &amp; I saw something different each time I went there! The small Mall, (the Avenues), is also a nice touch. I was also lucky enough to enjoy the dolphin experience which I LOVED! I would highly recommend it. The hotel keeps all the day trip people in one part of the hotel &amp; they can not access the pools &amp; beach so it was fairly empty with lots of spare loungers to lay &amp; celebrity spot!!The concierge desk was exceptionally helpful in organising tee times for my husband at the golf courses. It was very busy with the World Championship being held, but they called all of them &amp; got the best times &amp; rates for us.The hotel also has regular bus shuttles to the main malls &amp; plenty of taxis outside, although, if you are going to one of the golf courses ask concierge for a map as we got lost each time we went as the driver only knew the Emirates club!!In all this was a fantastic week in a wonderful hotel, The staff werent as attentive as the Shangri La but I would definitly go back again &amp; would definitly recommend it to everyone!	
Nov 21 2009 	Wow wonderful	very difficult to express how fantastic this place is. The place is perfect, food fantastic, water park is great fun, just faultless.Only drawbacks - book half board otherwise it will be expensive. Yes the drinks etc can be expensive, but the only fix to that is to take plenty of money!! Also, taxi needed to get into town, only around £10 though so not too bad.Booking again for next May, we can't wait!!	
Nov 20 2009 	FANTASTIC! WHAT A PLACE.	Well firstly can I just say, to anyone who is wanting to stay at Atlantis and is reading reviews on Trip Advisor: TAKE NO NOTICE OF PEOPLE WHO DON'T RATE THIS HOTEL. My god, you would have to be seriously spoiled to say this hotel is not a 5 star! I have traveled all over the world and stayed in many 5 star hotels and this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Yes the alcohol is expensive (Dubai in general is like that) and I will admit that £6 for a bottle of beer is expensive, but the surroundings your drinking it in seem to take the pain away!!!. ( Little tip for you, buy a couple of bottle of wine at your outbound airport to keep in your hotel room). Food is fantastic, buffet restaurant Saffron is the best hotel buffet i have ever ate in. Seafire steakhouse is well worth the splurge! Staff at the hotel cant seem to do enough for you, and rooms were spotless. And to have a fantastic waterpark, free of charge on your doorstep is brilliant!All in all I had a fantastic holiday and would go back tomorrow if I could!O one more thing, sitting out on the beach at night at Nassimi Restaurant is brill! Great atmosphere and great music.Yes its expensive, but in this money orientated world, you get what you pay for.!!!!!!!!	
Nov 20 2009	Overpriced	I had booked one night at Atlantis The Palm so that we could go to the Adventurepark two days running and althoughthe Hotel looks spectacular we were really disappointed with the &quot;rip-off&quot; factor that was everywhere. There was a charge of £5 an hour for internet access - free at our previous, much cheaper hotel. The restaurants are incredibly expensive, although the buffet at the beach bar was reasonably priced and excellent. The breakfast was superb. The room itself, while lovely, had lots of faults. The double doors to the bathroom didn't close, the wardrobe doors didn't close and the bedside light didn't work. We pointed this out but it was still not working 8 hours later when we went to bed. A disappointing stay.	
Nov 18 2009 	Money Money Money	Amazing Building and park but service does not happen as the staff have been trained to get chits signed for everything but sneezing.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great place	We were there early August, the hottest time of the year. To our surprise this giant hotel was near fully booked, despite the low season prices it was offering. We arrived at 7 am, and appreciated the fact that after a short wait in the guest lounge already at 7.30 our 3 rooms were ready. We had the most basic rooms, but these were really spacious, fresh and new, with good bed and linnens, and a comfortable, equally spacious bathroom. Indeed the lobby area can get very crowded during the day and evening, but the atmosphere is rather laid back, informal, with mainly local families hanging around. To me, that gave it a nice touch. The place is tremendously big, but it is nice to walk around without seeing the same corners every time. The food I tried was delicious. We had breakfast at 8, and there were no queus. I would recommend the Saffron for breakfast rather than the other place. The Water Park is a big plus. More spacious, less crowdy and more fun than Wild Wadi. So take avantage of that.	
Nov 16 2009 	Customer Service abyss	We have been travelling as a family to Dubai for 16 years. We have stayed at some fabulous hotels, but this one was the poorest I have been at on so many levels. The service was terrible, the room check in was a disaster ranging from no room, to the wrong room to a very sub standard room for the city in general.The hotel is out on a limb so its a bit of a free for all on the shuttlebus. Main problem is no or limited sun lounges, and hoards of people, both resident and non resident. General staff were good but the senior mangament were terrible. The waterpark was good but you can go there anyway. My advice would be to book one of the many other beach hotels on the Jumeira strip and just take a day trip for the waterpark if you have kids.We wont be returning. Shame	
Nov 16 2009 	Well worth all the money!	We stayed here for a day in November 2009. Booked directly from the hotel website for an Atlantis Room. This included free access to the Aquaventure Waterpark and the The Lost Chambers. Check in was smooth and our room was on the 7th floor with a nice view of the Jumeirah Palm and the resort's beach. The distant skyline of Sheikh Zayed road was also visible and looked good at night! The room was large. The decor was a bit plain though. The bathroom was big too with separate cubicles/rooms for the shower and toilet. The tub had a wooden shutter beside it which allowed you to open up into the room.The first thing we did was rush to Aquaventure. Now this was a brilliant waterpark. Very crowded, but understandably so. The water rides at the Ziggurat were a lot of fun and we went through them several times that afternoon. There are small snack stands scattered around the water park if you want to catch a bite. Locker facilities are also available but you would have to pay for it. I would recommend visiting this water park even if you arent staying at Atlantis. I'm not sure how the other water park in Dubai (Wild Wadi) is, but Aquaventure is a lot of fun, especially for those who have children with them.The other attraction of the resort is the Aquarium themed on the lost continent of Atlantis. The public viewing gallery was crowded too, but offered some nice views of the fish. Further on you can access the Lost Chambers which again had some beautiful aquatic inhabitants.We had dinner at Kaleidoscope. The buffet spread was HUGE and had a variety of asian cuisine as well as some western fare (including Pizza). The buffet cost was 200 AED per person and I thought that it was well worth it. Breakfast too was at Kaleidoscope. (140 AED). You can also have breakfast at Saffron if you wish to. The only downside of the entire stay was at breakfast.. where they had some of the dishes from the previous night! Also the waiter interrupted our breakfast to have me sign the bill even before we were finished. I understand that they run a busy restaurant, but that wasn't really necessary.We visited the resort's beach. Its clean, but there are no waves since the beach faces the Jumeirah palm rather than the arabian sea. The water is still and pretty clean. There are facilities to rent canoes and pedal boats at the beach.In summary, it was a great stay, and I would definitely recommend this place. Sometimes its ok to pay a bit more for a great experience.	
Nov 14 2009 	A superb family hotel- pricey but definitely worth it	Having read the mixed reviews on this website I paid the rather excessive costs for this hotel with a degree of trepidation. 4 years ago on our last trip to Dubai we had stayed at The Burj-al-Arab and I had no desire to return as the service in the hotel and the excessive nature of every aspect of that hotel did not make for a relaxing break.What a difference our recent stay in Atlantis proved to be. Whilst I agree with the reviewers who state that this hotel is best for families, there are excellent facilities to be enjoyed as a couple on a romantic break.The service provided by the staff (all throughout from check-in to the bars and restyaurants)was excellent and far better than the often snotty service at the Burj. The room (an Atlantis Room) was excellent, incredibly roomy with beautiful far reaching views of the Palm. If travelling with children below the age of 10 be aware that some of the fine dining restaurants eg Nobu, Ossiana do not permit children. Guest acn only use the bars with their children until 9pm (a tad disappointing). That said the staff are very courteous and would not harrass you to leave if you were mid drink at 9pm.Our only disappointment was the Ronda Locatelli Italian restaurant where the food was below par. However this disappointment was more than made up for by the wonderful breakfasts (try to get a bed and breakfast package) and the awesome Asian Buffet at Saffron. The excellent quality and stupendous variety of the food was an incredible bargain for the £25 per person.Despite the high costs incurred for a 2-night break we will most certainly be back and for longer next time.	
Nov 14 2009 	great hotel with bad accounting people	got a gr8 deal thru lama travels. was surprised to see the place flocked with tourists. almost 2000 rooms in this hotel and it looked like it was almost house full. what recession huh?pros:its a gr8 place for families. the rooms r big. we stayed in a regular room. even that had two huge beds which was a boon with our two young kids. the bathroom is HUGE. again suitable for family as 2-3 people can use it simultaenously. small cute balcony attached. nice place to enjoy a smoke and theamazing view of the palm and dubai.the pool is gr8. once again designed for families with kids. we got free pass to aquaventure &amp; lost chambers. aquaventure is fabulous. lost chambers was a bit of a letdown, but i guess that may be cos we had already visited the huge aquarium at dubai mall. so it lost its novelty....overall its a plush luxurious resort TYPE hotel. though not a full-blown resort for sure.cons:the food in this hotel is a big letdown. being a lover of the varied cuisines of this world, i had a go at the various options available. but its disappointing to say the least. and highly overpriced.the beach is another HUGE letdown for a property of this nature. gravelly murky waters. jumeirah beach is way better.***** the biggest and most shocking moment came when we were checking in. beware guys! this hotel is one of the select few which lets u check in only if u let them block 1000 AED PER DAY OF YOUR STAY from your credit card in advance. and all this inspite of the fact that we paid the whole tariff one month in advance!!! and thats not all. this amount was not unblocked from my credit card until more than a month after my stay. and that was after umpteen no, of international calls i had to make from my home and scores of emails to their highly incompetent accounts and finance people.i dont know if this happens with all hotel guests or they practice this discrimination only against indians, but all said and done, it has left that bitter after taste.....inspite of this, i would recomment this hotel to all. but ask ur travel agent or personally call them b4 arrival to make sure that the same doesnt happen to u.	
Nov 9 2009 	good but stretched over half term	we travelled at halt term, stayed in a room in 12th floor which gave us access to private dinning room and bar, really glad we did this, and paid the extra, as when we walked past the other dinning rooms at meal times there seemed to be a long queue. very clean hotel with good choice of food and drinks but at 1500 rooms [all full on our visit] there is no way for either the hotel or youas a guest to achieve any level of intamacy. children 12 &amp; 11 were occupied throughout their stay and seemd to enjoy the teenagers club. sun loungers can be in short supply around the two main pools but we were always able to find a spot on the beach. water park fun, dolphin land good but expensive.	
Nov 8 2009 	An amazing hotel well worth every penny.	My husband and I have recently returned from our first visit to Dubai to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. We stayed at Atlantis after it was recommended to us by our daughter. Prior to going I read the reviews on Trip Advisor and had mixed feelings as to what to expect. All I can say is if you can find something to complain about at Atlantis you need to get out more! We had a wonderful stay. The hotel staff were very professional, polite and helpful. Our room was amazing, we stayed in the east tower and we overlooked the aquarium as well as the Burge. At night the aquarium was lit and the view from our balcony was magical as we watched the array of fish (especially the whale shark) swimming. The room itself was large, clean and beautifully decorated. The staff kept it like that for the whole of our stay, beds were changed daily and there was never a shortage of fresh towels. The breakfast was fantastic, plenty of choice for even the fussiest eater. Our stay (and anniversary) coincided with half-term and we would not usually have chosen to holiday at this time but the hotel did not seem crowded and although sometimes there was a queue at breakfast the staff worked hard to make sure the wait was short. This is a beautiful hotel with a great facilities including(free for guests) a water-park. The food choices and places to eat are varied (not all are mega expensive). We used Arabian Adventures in the hotel to book a desert safari and it was perfect! The hotel staff also took the time and trouble to celebrate our 30th anniversary with us and presented us with a treasure trove box made of chocolate and the words 'Treasure the Moment' iced on it. We could not of wished for a better place to celebrate our anniversary and cannot wait to go back (soon)!	
Nov 8 2009 	Interesting hotel but with some downsides	This hotel is nice on the outside. I had the pleasures of staying at an exec suite on the 18th floor. The room was very nice, I particularly liked the bathroom and the wet room. The food is absolutely brilliant at the restaurants in the hotel - the service was also very good. The nightclub Sanctuary was beautifully designed. Downsides are you will get very bored if you stay at the hotel for more than 4 days.Also, it was very expensive. The timing of our stay was bad, the humidity is unbearable at times and the heat was too much. Also, you will always have to get taxis as the hotel is far out from the centre.	
Nov 7 2009 	dirty dirty dirty polluted beach- mare inquinato	hi we have just come back from the atlantis dubai....the hotel itself is wonderful.. for those who stay at the hotel you get free access to the aquaventure park that is definetely very nice and also to the lost chamber acquarium that is also awesome.. the hotel is pricey and you find there what you would expect tpo find that is moderate luxury stuff around.. now the hotel is at the far edge of the palm that is this crazy artificial island in the middle of the city.. the beach of the hotel so goes inside the palm.. so it is not real!!!! it is made of ???? doesn' t look like the sand in the free beach.. but that wouldn't be the problem at all.. the water is full of this thick foam!!!! yes you got it right foam big thick white foam... i asked the persons around and they told that it has always been like that... for those who don't know that only means pollution.. big pollution the water is filthy .. it doesn' smelll right either you do not see so many fish either that is weird over there since their sea is so full of life.. so i stayed at the swiimming pool .. that is fine and i repeat i had a great time anyway.. but be aware that if you go with your kids do not let enter the water!!!!	
Nov 7 2009 	Atlantis Palm.Dubai. Crowded Expensive.Luxurious	The service was excellent, very attentive and non obtrusive.We were upgraded upon arrival to a suite as our room was not available, the Suite was the Regal which was wonderful.Food was fantastic with loads of restaurants, but very priceyThe Location was at the end of the Palm Islands so you were effectively a captive of the resort with children. Felt cut off from Dubai to the extent that apart from the Sun you could have been at any luxurious resort anywhere.The Hotel is stunning with the most incredible Indoor Aquarium which was captivating.Prices for Drinks and Food was excessive to say the least, we went on a Half Board Package which so the saving for 5 Days for a family of 4 was approx £700.00 on Dinner each day.Amenities are very good with all that you need in the resort, and the Largest Water Park in the Middle East apparently.Liked the Room and the service the best, Didnt get any feel whatsover that we were in Dubai as we were so remote from the city.Wouldnt return to the Atlantis due to crowds, very sterile in feel. And the prices were ridiculously expensive for everything.	
Nov 6 2009 	fantastic hotel	we stayed for 8 nights over the half term break. we arrived at the hotel at midnight local time, our room was ready but unfortunatley we had to phone down for a cot for our 3month old baby. it was brought to our room very promptly, along with a sterilising unit and nappy disposer, we hadnt requested these items but were impressed with it all the same. we were also given complimentary baby toiletries, another nice touch. Our room was very clean and made up every day, with a turn down service every evening. this is a very impressive hotel and has excellent facilities for children. the zero entry pool was great for our children aged 7 and 2, plenty of lifeguards in attendace at all times. the royal pool was the same. the aqua park gets very busy, alot of holiday makers form other hotels pay to visit for the day, so i would advise to get there early to guarantee some sun loungers. again there are plenty of lifeguards in attendace. we were on BB here, the saffron buffet is very good with plenty of choice, the staff are very helpful and accommodating. breakfast finishes here at 1130am, there is no charge for under 3's. food and drink is expensive, if half board is available it is worth considering doing that. a bottle of red wine starts at 140dhs. happy hour at nisimi beach is on 4-6pm, its has a very relaxing atmosphere with 'fatboy' beanbags, the shore serves mexican food which was very nice. there they have happy hour 6-8 with live cuban music. the shops on the 'avenue' are very nice but the prices are very expensive and I would beware of this, i bought a pair of vivienne westwood sunglasses and the mark up is 200%. the atlantis dubai isnt quite as big as the atlantis in the bahamas, this isnt a critisism just an observation. we would definately return to the atlantis, its an impressive hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Won't be returning in a hurry	This was my first visit to Dubai although my husband has been before, I would probably go back but not to the Atlantis. The hotel is very big and very tacky and actually reminded me of a glorified Alton Towers resort, at least you know what to expect there! We went for buffet breakfast and had to queue up every day for at least 10 minutes, I was charged for a full priced breakfast when I only had coffee. Everything is extremely expensive, we had to pay £9.00 for a packet of baby wipes. The restaurants were average apart from Seafire where we had a fantastic meal and service. The waterpark was good and our children age range 11-15 all enjoyed it but brace yourselves for the fight for a sunbed either at the waterpark, by the pool or on the beaches, we soon learnt you had to play the game and get out there at 7am and put the towels on the beds.	
Nov 6 2009 	A family trip we wont forget - fantastic	This hotel had a lot of hype around it and it lived up to everything we heard. We managed to find a great deal with Dreamticket, who had reduced their rates by 40% in September, so it was perfect. The kid's had a blast and mummy and daddy had a very relaxing trip.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic city.	Although this is an expensive hotel, I would not hesitate to go back. You are completely spoiled and everything is to a high standard. The restaurant prices are comparable to the rest of Dubai and if you do your homework you can eat reasonably outwith the hotel. I would recommend the buffet breakfast. There is a huge chocolate fountain and my childrens eyes nearly popped out their heads when they saw it. Any where you eat in Dubai is better than the Uk, even KFC in the malls is better!!The waterpark is great. The slides are suitable for everyone even if you are not keen on this sort of thing and you can spend hours going round the rapids.The only thing that let the hotel down for me was the sand at the beach. It looks manmade compared to the actual Jumeirah beach which is so white and soft. However you don't need to go the beach as the pools are great.I would recommend this hotel if you have kids because it is very family friendly. If I was only going with my husband I would stay somewhere else. Check out Coldstone the ice cream shop in the hotel it is great.	
Nov 5 2009 	Over Hyped and over priced	The worst hotel I have stayed in in Dubia ever. The suite we had was large but already tired the week we were there they never cleaned the main lounge washed up the cups plates in room or cleaned the terrace. They never made any effort with the children unlike other UAE hotels. Check your bill well as they made so many mistakes with ours.The public areas are grand but the roomsare below average in the modern Dubia. Breakfast is verging on extortion £12.50 for childs rice crispies, £15 for 2 small bears and a small bottle of water. This hotel is dearer than the Burj Al Arab, no wonder they are discounting their rooms so heavily. I will not be returning to the Atlantis, but do not let this ut you off of Dubia, it is a great family holiday destination with great hotels just not this one	
Nov 5 2009 	Amazing	This was our first time to Dubai and it won't be the last. We booked with The Holiday Place and everything about this holiday was stress free and very well organised. We were met by a local rep both before we had reclaimed our luggage and outside and had a private transfer to the hotel. When we arrived, the lobby was out of this world. The colours, paintings and architecture were beautiful. There is a lovely central water feature. Check in was a breeze and as we had arrived early in the morning and our room was not yet available, they directed us to the hospitality lounge where there were free refreshments and comfy chairs etc. Our room was ready an hour earlier than they said and was located in the West Tower. It was a great size for a family of four and we had a good view over the zero entry pool and sea.Everything about this hotel is top notch. The food is brilliant with so much variety and choice. We chose to book the half board option and so ate at both buffets and Rostang. We treated ourselves on the last night to dinner at Seafire and the steak was better than anything I have ever had in NY or the US generally.The hotel is so clean, there are people constantly polishing the floor. The housekeeping staff were always offering more towels. I think that the staff here are the most friendly, happy and service orientated that I have ever come across. The service verges on embarrassingly over attentive at times!The waterpark is brilliant. We spent 3 days out of 5 there and booked a VIP cabana for our final day. We had our own butler there who attended to our every need and wouldn't even allow us to pour ourselves a drink of water.The Lost Chambers is also worth a visit and very well organised. It was good to have it as an option to visit after dinner with the children.We enjoyed every minute of this holiday and would go back again tomorrow. I agree it is expensive, but it is definitely 5 stars and it exceeded all expectations. If you have a family I cannot recommend it highly enough.	
Nov 4 2009 	Waterpark excellent	We did not stay at this hotel, but we visited their water park called Aquadventure. The water park is excellent. For children to use the rides they need to be over 1.25 metres. there are lots of rides in single or double rings and the our children aged 10 and 12 very very safe doing their own thing. It is also very plush and pleasant for those older parents who do not want to use the rides. My advice is get there early . we arrived near to opening at 10 am and had the park to ourselves. we then left at about 2pm when it became packed and there lots of queues for the rides. I cannot really rate the hotel so i ahve gieven it very good. It lloks excellent if not too big.	
Nov 4 2009 	Jumeriah Beach Anyday!	Just returned from undoubtedly the worst holiday we have ever had in Dubai..this was our eigth time and have to say were relieved to be leaving unlike previous visits.If you looking for a holiday in a shopping mall that is always packed,this is the place for you.If you like queuing for half an hour everyday for breakfast..go for it!...The staff are very obliging and helpful though,but as for the management....as long as you being charged for everything extra...they not interested.There is no charisma to the place whatsoever.We arrived early in the morning and to be fair the room was available at 9.00am which was nice to have to freshen up after breakfast.However,we were appalled to see the bath had grime in it and worse than that,adult pubic hairs in one of the beds!..Thwe whole place was one complete rat race....is it right that for breakfast you have to queue whilst tourists cut their way through you n their way to the water park and the lost chambers....?...The drinks etc are ver yexpensive..beyond what you would pay in other hotels in dubai....WE WILL NEVER RETURN HERE AND WOULD STRONGLY ADVISE families with children to use the Jumeriah Beach....far more relaxed...intimate and who wants a Kids Club beside and amusement arcade!..Enough said.	
Nov 2 2009 	Made feel like a VIP in this excellent resort	I am just back from a week in Dubai after staying at the Atlantis The Palm hotel, and I have to say it is a truely fantastic hotel and resort. We chose to stay on a half board basis and it was a great decision. We could chose from 6 restaurants to have breakfast, lunch or dinner and the Kaliedascope restauraunt was the best best choice for a young family with a variety of eating tastes. In particular for myself who can only eat gluten free food the personal attention from head chef Ketan Seth was exceptional and I would have no hesitation recommending this restaurant to any coeliac. All other hotel facilities were excellent and the water park gave hours of endless fun to our kids. If there was anything negative I could comment on it would only be to mention that the sand on the beach is a little grainy and the sea water not as clean as you would find in the Mediterranean. This is only noticeable because everything else especially the infrastructure, the accomodation, and the service are clearly 5 star in qualityt.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good place to stay.	Good place to unwind.Great aquarium- the lost world.Aqua park is there if u know to swim.Located on the beach.	
Nov 1 2009 	Over-rated over-hyped over-priced!	I take issue with the reviewer titled '10/10.' I certainly don't have time just to criticise the Atlantis. I do have time to give an objective review of my experience at the Atlantis for the benefit of other potential travellers. Having stayed at two different hotels in Dubai prior to the Atlantis, I used them as a yardstick on arriving at the Atlantis and the overall experience of each hotel.Yes, I agree the Atlantis is impressive visually. It does appear as a fantasy-themed hotel and would appeal to young children with the dolphin bay and the Lost Chambers as well as the Aquaventure water park. Due to these attractions, the hotel is an attraction for a significant amount of casual visitors and because of this, the hotel loses the personal touch that a great many other hotels in Dubai give to their guests.We had to wait over two hours for our room to be ready and over half an hour in the queue to check in. We had a basic deluxe room in the West Tower, which was pretty basic for £692 (4,152 AED) for two nights, although it does include entry into the Aquaventure (although a tiny locker will cost you an additional non-refundable £6) and the Lost Chambers. I went with my teenage son and daughter so there were 3 of us in a room with two queen beds, which meant I had to share with my daughter as there wasn't room for another bed. (Before arriving at the Atlantis, we had stayed at the Habtoor Grand Resort &amp; Spa for 5 nights in a massive room with two double beds and a sofabed)! The balcony was a ledge, but I liked the fact that I could open the door as respite from the air-conditioning as it didn't seem to turn off.Breakfast isn't included in a deluxe room, but it was a shock to pay £70 for 3 people after queueing for 35 minutes! The issue isn't with the massive choice on offer, but on how much one can realistically eat for breakfast to justify paying over £23 each?Maybe I'm just not accustomed to such ridiculous prices for so called 'luxury,' (being a public sector worker), but It was uncomfortable when nearly every entrance into the hotel from the surrounding grounds was opened by a member of staff. Staff were always courteous at all times, but I must mention Monique (manager) in club Rush for teenagers, who found the time to actually talk to a guest. I must also mention the staff in The Edge restaurant, as whilst the hotel never recognised my son's birthday (unlike Habtoor Grand, who provided a birthday cake for my daughter without being told it was her birthday), the staff brought a slice of chocolate cake with a candle for him and did a sing-song. Thank you again to them.I suppose I could go on, but I think I've written enough to justify my scores for this hotel.In conclusion, if you have spare cash to splash out for the experience - go for it. If not, stay somewhere else for a personal touch, and visit Atlantis for the day.BtW, my children wouldn't go back either - they preferred the Habtoor Grand.	
Oct 30 2009 	Amazing attention to detail from food to decor	Atlantis is a must-see if you're in Dubai. Don't miss one of the most fantastical hotels in the world, where even the most minute detail - from the light fixtures to the floor - reflects the hotel's theme. The rooms are gorgeous and uber-luxurious. And the bathroom is especially cool, with a wall that opens between the tub and the bedroom.We stayed during Ramadan, but one would hardly notice it was the Muslim holy month of fasting since all the restaurants were open and the bikinis out in full force. The pool was a big crowded and chilly, and unfortunately the swimming area in the sea was filled with jelly fish so we couldn't go in. We had dinner at Nobu, opting for the 400 AED taster menu, which was one of the most amazing dinners I've ever had. Highly recommend it! My parents ate at Ossiano and raved about it. The international buffet, a good option for lunch, is one of the better buffets in town though it is still all you can eat and thus somewhat daunting. Levantine is a great place for a shisha, and some nights they have belly dancing.Even if you're staying elsewhere in Dubai you must pay the hotel a visit, it is simply an amazing site to see.	
Oct 27 2009 	loved it-however swimming in ocean not recommended	We usually stay in Dubai travelling to and from Australia and chose the atlantis this time because of the water theme park! I can highly recommend it for travellers with children because of that! Even my husband and I were on the rides and in the pools all day , it was amazing! Also, the aquariums and the hotel itself is wonderful, very lush and tropical and we loved the restaurants which is sandy bar and beach lounges (forget the name) We had a suite and special lounge with food and drinks free, which is absolutely worth it! We had a very lovel, spacious room with a beautiful balcony and there was free internet at all times in the lounge as well. They hand you a computer with wlan, there are no computers standing around. The staff was wonderful! we had airport pickup with a new BMW and fresh, cold water bottles in the car! As Dubai can be unberable in July, this was most welcome after a long-distance flight! The pools have a cool down system, so they do not get too hot and the dolphin show and swomming with dolphins was very nice as well. HOwever the dolphin staff was the only staff that was unfriendly!! (NOt the dolphin trainers, those were great)The only down side is the beach, not very romantic, quite bare and empty and the water is not inviting, very hot and full of jelly fish, however no signs of danger!!It is far from major city dubai, but can always recommend it as a wonderful experience especially with the water park.	
Oct 26 2009 	Palm Atlantis	I thought the rooms were kind of dated for the hotel to be fairly new. The view from the hotel are absolutely amazing though. The drawback is that it is situated on the crescent of the island which makes the hotel fairly remote when you need to get away.	
Oct 24 2009 	Fantastic hotel only a few little hiccups!!	This hotel could easily received 5 stars but a few things service wise which let it down to 4 out of 5 but still an exceptional hotel in every way. It is a WOW hotel. My husband and my 3 month(at the time) baby and also my Mother, Sister and her 16month toddler stayed at the hotel. I had made a few requests before arriving. We arrived at 4am in the morning (we paid for the night as we didn't want to be roomless at that hour with a baby). The airport transfer booked was great with a baby except for the car seat issue. If you are travelling with an infant read this for others the next segmant is not relevant: ---- For any families the hotel can supply car seats but I don't think they have heard of rear facing car seats. I had been emailing and they assured me they had the correct seat for that aged baby. Being in different country can be difficult as they have different regulations with these things (in their defence) so of course I was not mad about this. After I asked they tried to turn the car seat backwards which was definately not safe as it wasn't a reversable one. I decided safer to turn my baby forwards. All in all take your own car seat if you are travelling with an infant this age as the driver told us there are many accidents on the roads there. The car seat was of good standard if your baby is at forward facing stage:) The drivers both ways were absolutely lovelly.---- Arrival at the hotel is absolutely amazing even if it is 4am in the morning with your eyes hanging out of your head. Check in was ok and was quick. What let it down is I had requested Non Smoking (I have stayed in Dubai before and smoking rooms are usually toxic if you're a non smoker) as I have my baby with me and this is a must for me. She was offering a couple of rooms ( I think she even would have upgraded us) and I had also requested a Palm facing room. Non of my requests were even looked at. I don't think they actually prepare a room they just see what's left and as it was 4am there wasn't much left. She said she only had 1 non smoking left in the whole place so I said that's fine. Not a Palm facing and was 4th floor. So no cot waiting in room either. I said not to worry as we had a bassinet on our pram and I just wanted to get some sleep! - Basically all I am trying to say is as it was so busy and such a big resort I don't think requests are noted very well prior to arrival. My Sister and Mum on the other had arrived off a separate flight earlier and were upgraded rooms to imperial level which was great. Free wine and nibbles in the evening . This was great and went with them up there to check it out and what a spectacular view from the lounge . There room wasn't non smoking (they forgot to ask at check in as they wanted non smoking as well as requested prior when booking was made) but I can tell you this there was no smell or anything and if I didn't know better I would never have picked it and I can normally smell cigarettes a mile away!!----- The service at the hotel was very good otherwise. It was check in and check out. I just think they were so busy they were just trying to get through their day. I asked to move rooms and and they couldn't move us due to the high occupancy level. I asked to even just look at a room with a Palm view (I am a travel agent on Maternity leave) just to get a perspective of the the difference as I would probably want to return oneday as well and it's good seeing these things to reccommend these requests for my colleges and myself when making bookings at hotels for our customers. ----- The water park: Only spent 2 hrs there as we were only at the hotel for 3 nights and went gold shopping etc and ran out of time. The speed slide was great. Unfortunately it was so busy we lined up for over an 1hr so that was all we got to experience except a small ride on a tube ride. ------ If you are travelling with children this hotel is fantastic. It was so convenient for us. My sisters toddler loved the aquarium and was amazed by the whole place. It was great because my Mum could babysit the boys while we went into the city and she didn't feel trapped at the hotel as she could take them for a walk and keep them entertained with the overal amazement of the hotel.----- Eating at the hotel has a many choices. Breakfast was great and I really couldn't ask for more!! Presentation was amazing. We at the Italian (can't remember the name) it was ok but the wine the waiter reccommend was horrible (we asked which was closes to a sav blanc) and we laughed for so long as it was shocking but it cost so much we drank it all!! The food was ok. My husband and I ate at the French Brasserie for our last meal there and I was absolutely amazed. I ate one of the best meals I have had in a long time there. They had a very good wine list which was great. We got a New Zealand wine for the same price as the Italian caraffe of horrible wine. ----- The rooms are of great standard - not huge but very adequate. The bathroom was great and I loved that you could have a bath and open the doors to be able to watch TV while soaking in the tub. I found it to be very clean. If you want to get picky I think it felt a bit slimey in the corners of the shower but I only new this cause I dropped the soap and felt it. It certainly wasn't dirty though but probably just not using strong chemicals in there and when they mop it out they arn't getting to the corners. I just know some people wouldn't like this if they pay a heap of money for such a high standard of hotel.Overall a great WOW factor hotel. It's not a small hotel where everyone will know who you are but if you want something there is plenty of staff to help you throughout the hotel. I would definately reccommend this hotel and would return. I did get a very good price for this place so I can't complain about a couple of service issues!	
Oct 23 2009 	Life sure is good at Atlantis Dubai	Just got back from 5 glorious days at Atlantis The Palm Dubai. A truly amazing place which has everything you need - fantastic restaurants, shops, pools, beaches and the waterpark. Service, food and drinks are immaculate. A truly luxurious place which I would recommend to anyone looking for something special. One thing...it's very expensive so be prepared to spend some cash!!	
Oct 23 2009 	10/10	absolute flawless, worth every penny!!! anyone who can pick fault with that, got too much time on their hands to think up critiscism. AWESOME	
Oct 23 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	Recently stayed at Atlantis with two friends for five nights travelling with Virgin Holidays.We arrived at 9am and were immediately checked in and upgraded to an Atlantis Room which was brilliantly appointed with two very comfortable king size beds and the room was pleanty big enough for 3 adults and extremely clean and checked twice per day.The service around the pool was fantastic, lemon ice lollies were free and a large water with an ice bucket was approx £3. The pools were gorgeous and pool side food was reasonably priced.The bars and resteraunts in the hotel were first class, we took advantage of the martini deal in seafire and ate at Nobu which was awesome- the beach bar Naisimi is the new place to be however we would have been grateful if the hotel could have let us know that there was a top dj playing on the beach on the friday night, luckily we found out for ourselves and as guests were allowed free entry to an event that was £20 for non residents to attend. Breakfast was in with the holiday, we tried both saffron and Kaleidescope the choice was excellent. It was noisey and one day we waited approx 10 minutes but in an 1800 room hotel this is to be expected and staff apologised when we did get a table.We went to aquaventure which is an excellent waterpark with loads of lifeguards and brilliant rapids and slides- even people who don't like slides would love this amazingly designed incredibly well maintained park. Dolphin cove was expensive but the experience was amazing and again the staff were incredibly friendly and informative.Overall the hotel is an absolutley fantastic resort for couples and groups but families in particular. I can't understand why so many people have complained about having to show your pass to get into resident only areas - surely this is to minimise the crowding everyone complains about and is also a security provision. I honestly could not find anything to complain about - the staff are all incredibly courteous and friendly and the hotel itself is simply stunning.	
Oct 23 2009 	Its Good - But Is It Right ?	I arrived in atlantis at 1 am after travelling for most of the day from ireland. the reception was large and spacious but lacked almost everything that I have come to love about dubai. the staff in the hotel were very attentive - i can not fault any off them.we ate in in 4 of the restaurants in the hotel and found the food to be excellent and not too pricey, but felt that wine was expensive, but I feel that this is an issue in Dubai in generalThe major issue i had with the hotel was that it was soooooooooo big and not Arabian in any way , this was dissapointing, in fact unless you can see the famous Dubai Sky line you would almost feel that you were not in the Arabian Gulf. The Water Park in sensational and is free for hotel guests, the dolphin adventure is also a great experiance and our travel agent was able to get us a 2 for 1 offer.I am not sure if I would go back - but is definetly worth a visit	
Oct 22 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	Just back from the Atlantis. The hotel has exceptional service and surroundings.Check in was very swift. The hotel is immaculate. However quite busy. Rooms were very well furnished, and room cleaning was offered to us twice per day. Breakfast in Saffaron was very good, the choice was outstanding and the served until 11.amDinner was also very good here. Pool service was exceptional.Slightly dissapointed with the water park, if you've been to Florida this does not compare.Was very hot so sunbathing for more than a couple of hours was not possible for us.Drinks were not over expensive, normal hotel rates.Ok for a couple of days, but could not spend a week there.Outstanding Gym though.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Get away for 3 - 4 days	Stayed in Atlantis The Palm in Dubai for 2 nights with my wife and 2 years old girl. The locations is great where you don't have to go out for full 3 days to finish everything in the hotel. The Water Park is Great for all ages, the Dolphin Bay was a great experiance with the family. you will eat till you drop with all sort of EXellent food. The beach is clean and equipt with kids play ground and nice view of Dubai city. just be ready to know that the beach showers are very cold, but the pool is just super. the Check-in/out was very quick and service is 100%.	
Oct 20 2009 	An Overhyped Hotel	A great property. The service levels however could be improved. Check in at 1 a.m. took a half hour as the room was not as per our specification. Thankfully we got upgraded and got An Atlantis room instead of the normal room. The king bed was too small to fit my daughter alongwith us so we opted for another extra bed besides the one for my son.The breakfast spread was great but an irritant was the wait to get in . When one pays in excess of $500 per room surely being made to wait to enter the restaurant is very onerous. Another upsetting issue was the fact that my teenage son who got the enrty to club rush was not told that id is required (which beat me as only after showing the id was he issued the pass when we checked in). When he went to the club which was a good 15 minute walk he was told that the id was needed and then he came back in tears and in no mood to go back The Lost at Atlantis and the water park was great and as such we had a great time.Summing up I wish to say that though a great resort The Atlantis is not an Hotel which makes its guests feel pampered which they have the right as they are pay in in excess of $500 per day.For pampering please go somewhere else. The Atlantis is like a Las Vegas hotel without the casino	
Oct 18 2009 	You only live once so... JUST GO WE LOVED IT !	Great hotel but expensive. The hotel is big and looks like a fairytale, very nice decorated walls, aquariums (Lost Chambers is free for guest and is worth a visit). Also the water park Aquaventure is very nice, I really enjoyed it ! The hotel is very big and on every corner you're about to discover something interesting. Food is expensive (breakfast is 140dh and dinner even more) but very good. We ate at Saffron and Kaleidoscope restaurant. Rooms were clean, beds and bathroom great. You get free fruit and a bottle of water at your room. We had a room on the 11 floor. A taxi to this hotel is around 95 AED(night ) and I think 60 AED (day). The hotel is expensive but it's worth it and you only live once so just go ! Spectacular hotel, great service I hope to go again to this hotel ! THE MYTH COMES ALIVE IN THIS HOTEL ! We loved it !	
Oct 18 2009 	refreshing and amazing	friendly staff , gorgeous view,fun fun aquapark and nice sandy beach.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good do better !	Not going to go on about the hotel itself , you know huge , luxurious ....etc I am sure it's all been talked about before ....However , things that really annoyed me and confused me during my 2 days stay are :- Room without balcony described as a room with a balcony ?! We were told that that we were upgraded and that our room has a balcony. When we got to the room , it wasn't my idea of a balcony , it was a sliding door that opens on a ten inch wide balcony , that's not a balcony. After a 30 minutes argument with reception staff they agreed to move us to a new room on a higher floor.- The new room did have a balcony yipee ! but smelled badly of cigarettes and the ceiling was developing some king of a grey moldy coat . It was huge still whwn I mentioned it to the maintenance guy he seemed surprised !- It was my birthday and my wife made the point of letting the restaurant staff know , nothing not even a mention when we went there . I don't really care but I know some people would find it nice if someone acknowledged it .- The seafood platter we were served at the Seafire restaurant was made of frozen seafood that tasted of absolutely nothing . I expected a bit more from a hotel with a 'sea theme' . We told the restaurant manager but were still charged for half of it !!I haven't been to other restaurants but what I noticed it a huge queue every morning in front of the main restaurant ( i am guessing that's the half board area...)Apart from that , yes the water park is nice and oh I really enjoyed the service at the pool bar .	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice big hotel with large rooms and plenty of activities !	We stayed in Atlantis last September together with our kids.There are really many attractions for the kids and guests. We all enjoyed especially the Aquaventure, attached to the resort.A huge aquarium, full with plenty of fish inside at the corridor of the Hotel was very interesting. Hotel rooms are large and comfortable.Our rate was without breakfast and if you wish to eat in the hotel, resaturants are really expensive(Breakfast around 40 USD)and as the hotel is located on the Palm there isnt anything around the hotel on the walking distance, so you have to take a taxi for any of your needs.	
Oct 6 2009 	Amazing re-defining quality standards for comfort and service.	The Atlantis is awesome in scale and it's delivery of a complete self-contained luxury resort in the most exciting leisure capital on the planet. From the size and quality of the even the most basic room to the range of restaurants, a fantastic spa and overall design that can only be described as &quot;Bond-esque&quot;, you soon run out of superlatives to describe this true 5 star resort thats built on a sea-world type water park. With all it has to offer in excellent facilities, the staff seem to be genuinely concerned that your experience lives up to the potential that such a 'grand design' offers. Be sure to try the spectacularly designed and situated Ossiana restaurant that serves michellin star style food in a setting straight out of a Bond movie... jaw droppingly awesome!	
Oct 6 2009 	Absolutely Amazine	There are no other words to describe our stay other than amazing...The staff went out of their way to make our stay incredible and relaxing.Our children aged 5 and 7 had a ball and loved every minute of it.After reading reviews prior to our going out we were simply dreading it but i have to say that it lived up to all expectations and more..Will definately 100% return again....LOVED IT	
Oct 6 2009 	One moan only	My one &amp; only moan about the Atlantis is------Why certain people thought it was a good idea to walk around the Hotel, pool area &amp; grounds in the dressing gown &amp; slippers provided in their room by the Hotel.Everything about the Atlantis is fantastic, &amp; I personally cannot wait to go again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Wouldn't want to go any where else!!!	Having visited many 5 star hotels in various countries this hotel is far superior to any other I have stayed in. Even though we arrived in the early hours of the morning, the check in staff were extremely friendly and willing to help as much as they could. Check in was very efficient and we were made to feel welcome from our first moments in the hotel. We were greeted my smiling faces by all of the staff, whether it was by the pool, in the restaurants, concierge or housekeeping staff. The rooms were elegantly decorated, and spacious. We stayed in the deluxe rooms and the finishing was superb. The beds were very comfortable and often hard to pull myself out of in the mornings. Rooms were extremely just like the rest of the hotel. The food in the restaurant was out of this world, there was an excellent choice of food that catered for everyone. However I would suggest going half board as it saves an awful lot of money. The pool was a relaxed place to be, and the pool staff were very helpful and constantly on hand if you needed anything. Also due to the hot temperatures the pool staff offers ice lollies and chilled flannels free of charge in order to keep cool. There is also a sunglasses cleaning service while you sit by the pool. The pool side menu is brilliant with plenty of choice. The aquaventure is fantastic and great fun and is also free for hotel a guest which is a bonus. The rapids and torrent are a great way to see just how big the water park is as it travels around the entire park. Also once again the staff are extremely friendly. The aquarium is brilliant and also free for hotel guests. The huge ambassador lagoon is a massive hit with its huge shark and hundreds of species of aquatic creatures. We were also lucky enough to experience the dolphin bay; this was fantastic and very fun. The staff were very funny and made the experience even better. There was plenty of opportunities to get up close to the dolphins, the entire program is very informative and a lot of fun. Overall this hotel is out of this world, and I would recommend it to anyone. Despite the reviews in read before I went, I found it difficult to understand some of the comments made. However I can’t see me or my family staying anywhere else when we return to Dubai as this hotel is superb.	
Oct 5 2009 	Out of this world - If you like Luxury this is it!!!!!	This hotel/resort is Fantastic! We stayed in a Deluxe Room which had a superb view of the ocean. We opted for the Half Board option and were not disappointed, We ate in a different Restaurant every night, The Food was Magnificent, The Staff, very attentive.If I had one complaint it would be that the water park was a little busy on the saturday , but hey, what resort of this type wouldn't be.In a nutshell. If you enjoy staying in a 5 star Hotel, with Theme park style surreal surroundings with baking sun then this is your place.Enjoy!, we did!	
Oct 4 2009 	Nice Hotel Nice Rooms Good Activities Food expensive but average	Booked a two night stay over the weekend. Found the check-in girl a bit grumpy. The room was excellant very clean nice decor. Hotel Swimming Pool very nice not too busy. The Aquapark was great fun, great for small kids as well as adults. A bit surprised to find russian prostitutes operating in the aquapark! However, didn't effect our enjoyment. We really loved the aquarium excellant. The only problem I had was that the restaurants were expensive and the food quality was very average and bad value for money compared to other hotels. However, to sum up Atlantis is well worth a visit but watch out for the prices.	
Oct 4 2009 	Absolutely fantastic hotel that treats you like Royalty	Absolutely fantastic hotel that treats you like Royalty. From the moment you step into this hotel, you are treated with great service and hospitality. There is so much staff around and they are available to pamper you. The check-in is smooth and enjoyable. The rooms are spectacular. Get the ones that face the pool area and not the ocean (too boring). The bathrooms have a sliding door which allows your wife to soak in the tub having a bubble bath, while you watch football on TV and occasionally peak at her. The rooms also have balconies to allow you to snack while you sit outside watching others playing in the pool below. Just a fantastic place! The room service is great. They bring the food in a special cart that has a mini oven beneath it so you can keep it warm! The staff is so helpful and will go to any lengths to get you what you need. For example, they connected me to a pharmacy so I could order blood pressure medication and have it delivered to my room! They even deliver Viagara if you want! I needed to charge my iphone and didn't have a PC. No problem, just go to the Business Center and ask the lady to charge it for you and deliver it back to your room when finished. There is nothing that cannot be done for the guests. Just a great place, too bad we only stayed a few days but it was just a quick romantic getaway for me and my wife. We were treated like a King and Queen. Next time we will bring the kids because there is even more fun for them in terms of the waterpark, dolphins, aquariams etc. Great place!Just a couple of tiny negatives: The hotel pools are too shallow! They have no deep end. Makes them pretty useless for adults, but great for kids.Also, there was one sofa chair in the room that looked like it was manufactured in the 70's and purchased at a used garage sale. Have no clue how such an out of place piece of furniture could have been put there. But its not too much of an eyesore.Also, the fitness center is very strict about wearing running shoes. They won't allow you to work out wearing just rubber crocs. That would have really pissed me off had we stayed for a week. You need exercise at this place in order to burn off the calories from the fantastic food!	
Oct 1 2009 	To busy making a profit	In a city with wonderful hotels and service the Atlantis seems to have lost the plot. They are more focussed on making money than looking after their guests. Our booking was paid with a 20% deposit something they would not recognise even though confirmations between travel agent and themselves were in hand. Be careful ! Food was good but very expensive - expected due to the location. What was not expected is the huge number of none residents that they allow into the hotel it makes it very uncomfortable and noisy.Do not book events through the Imperial lounge they are more than happy to arrange everything for you but you pay full price even though the hotel offers specials (like 2 for one dolphin experience) on their website, once done they wont change.I have been to the Atlantis Bahamas 3 times and never been disappointed - the Palm is not on a par and there are many better beach front hotels in Dubai.Aquaventure is definately worth a visit if you have kids but again open to none guests and gets very crowded at weekends and holidays - go early.	
Sep 30 2009 	We only went to the water park	we didnt stay at Atlantis- although it looks amazing, with a lot of greenery which i felt was missing from other parts of Dubai.We went specifically to try the Water Park- we were visiting family who are living in Abu Dhabi, and they had been to Wild Wadi, so we decided to give Atlantis a try. It is expensive- but so is everything in the UAE- but worth every penny!! The whole water park is so clean, with plenty of sun beds, drinks stations and most importantly inflatable rings for the slides!You are given a wrist band upon entrance, which you put money on for buying drinks etc and this also acts as a key for your locker- a really neat gadget!Queues for the slides seemed to go quickly and the you could even take the lazy option and be taken up a motorised ramp. The floors got VERY hot in certain areas, so taking flip-flops or jelly shoes for kids is a good idea.The showers and changing rooms are great, plenty of room and again they are spotless.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent vacation spot - at the right time	Before embarking on my trip to Atlantis, I perused the reviews on this site. The impression I got was a mixed bag. But feeling the pros outweighed the cons, the wife and I continued with our plans. Arriving there in April the hotel was not as crowded as it would've been in Summer. The service was excellent, and the rooms and facilities were as advertised with no hidden costs anywhere I could see. Leading me to confirm what I had previously suspected. The Atlantis is a great spot, as long as it's not too crowded.The private beach was a godsend, since the other amenities like the water park and the aquarium were open to non-residents and thus got quite crowded. Speaking of amenities; book early! The spa in particular was very popular and we couldn't get a reservation. The water park was a lot of fun, and will be quite a hit with the young and the young at heart. The Aquarium was fun, if short. Glad it was free for residents. Add to that an excellent array of restaurants that should cover all tastes.On the downsides, the Atlantis is quite expensive. And being quite far from anywhere means that you are basically stuck in the hotel with its jacked up prices on everything. Nothing is within walking distance, so you will need to take a taxi or a shuttle bus for something as simple as groceries and a reasonably priced meal.Still, if you can afford it and book your stay off peak seasons you'll find the Atlantis a wonderful get away spot.	
Sep 29 2009 	Terrible 1 star hotel	terrible experienceacquadventure is terrible, boring, not to be compared with the park of jumeirah, acquadventure's changeroom: there are not enough shower you must wait there 20 minute before take shower and is not clean a bad smell inside and there is not shampo or shower gel, they don't provide towel, the don't provide hairdryer, a lot of people and not enough space, TERRIBLEthe rastaurant, very very expensive,the lobby, a lot of caos not a pacific place not enough sofa and you must wait a lot for chek in and chek outbusiness center: very expensive and farspa: very expensive, a lot of people, never privacy , shower doesn't work terriblethe room, not clean the bathroom, the bedroom is not clean too. russet on the sheet, the bathtube is very old, feel like of 20 years ago, the mirror and the floor need a good clean, the water provide in the room is super cheap very terrible!!! the hotel is very very expensive, one of the most in dubai, and is over price! all!spend 30 usd for enter in the lost chamber is crazy! and spend 11 dollar for the loker in the acquaadventure is very crazy! and spend 60 usd to enter in the acquadventure..the room is not a 5 star room. anonymous and empity.in the corridor there is a despenser of ice, feel like a 3 star hotel in colorado!at concierge a lady can't speak english!!	
Sep 29 2009 	unexplainable	we went here on our honeymoon for one week the hotel is well i cant put into words. beautiful. although we loved our stay and our experience i'd have to say we wouldnt return in a hurry. This is a very money orientated atmostphere. Unless u have money and alot of it, its heaven. Otherwise some might say like we did we felt alittle outa place. We are a working class family and wanted to go al out on our honeymoon and it couldnt of been a beautiful surrounding the shops restaurants and waterpark were lovely and staff amazing. Just not our cup of tea for a family holiday. I can honestly say i didnt hear one person laugh around that pool. but each to their own. We'd definatly return to dudai but a more relaxed atmostphere xx although it needs to be seen to be believed xx	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Experiance	Great Place to Holiday and sight seeing. Not for romantic couples!Amamzing appearence and decoration. Grate amenities.Rooms not so great! Average.	
Sep 27 2009 	Can't wait to return	My wife and I have just returned from the Atlantis, one word sums the whole experience up 'Marvelous'. We stayed in an Imperial Club room with all the benefits of the Imperial Club lounge on the 12th Floor. The rooms were excellent, kept extremely clean and tidy by the wonderful staff. Our stay coincided with Ramadan, this was not a problem. The Imperial Club lounge enabled us to enjoy a free buffet style breakfast with all the usual suspects plus some other continental style dishes. We are not sure what the club offered during the day as we were on the beach, which was kept immaculate, seawater was very warm. Here you could find a golf type buggy driving up and down the offering soft drinks and snacks (chargeable to your room). The beach bar, the Edge served only non- alco beverages during the day because of Ramadan but the food here again was of a very high standard. From 7.30pm to 9pm the buffet, sushi, dim sum cheese board, cakes and pastries were outstanding, this coupled with free alcoholic beverages meant that if you didn't want to attend one of the fabulous restaurants you probably didn't have to, because you could easily fill yourself up on the many dishes available. It would take me all day to describe the wonderful restaurants but one thing I must say is that the wagyu steak in the Seafire restaurant, expensive but oh my god, words are not enough. This was the first time I have ever been in a waterpark before and quite frankly it was great. The aquarium is very impressive, but FREE SAMMY, female Whale Shark. I hope you have got an idea of what the Atlantis is like, I myself will definately be going back.	
Sep 26 2009 	Liked the Water Park	I personally liked the hotal as my family enjoyed there too much. We loved the water park in the hotel and aquarium as well. The water rides were just excellent. Only caveat we would suggest is to carry lot of sunscreen during summer time to avoid sun burns. Also, take care during water rides and put proper swim wear to keep yourself protected. Food and stay is just excellent. Also, the after vacating period is taken care properly by the hotel people and hotel staff took all care of our stay. Children were very happy staying here due to waterwark and its rides.	
Sep 26 2009 	Not Worth the Money	To sum my experiense I would like to say that my openion is based on comparison with other hotels of the same rate-catogory. I'm sure that openions vary about the hotel based on the date of the stay as I have noticed that many of the good reviews were posted by people who stayed during &quot;Ramadan&quot; where they offerd good rates and it would not be very crowded during the day as many people would be fasting!!!We went there post ramadan which is a holiday in the gulf area so the hotel was very very crowded !!! we were surprized that the hotel facilities were open to people out of the hotel for a charge ( resturants, water park ...). The main point that made it a bad experience for us is the following:1- I booked on line from the hotels web where it states that the room takes 4 either 2 adults+2 child or 3 Adult+1child while the room has only two beds or one king (no bed sofa like other hotel such as Madinat Jumairah or Kampinsiky Emirates Mall). As we arrived they charged us extra for the third adult and asked us to pay for the extra bed for my daughter who is 8yrs and doesn't fit in to a baby cot !!!!!! 2- We were given promotional vouchers as part of the booking for free drinks which we couldn't benifit from because they were for Alcoholic beverages and we are Muslims.Also there was a voucher for a free entry for the dolphin bay when you buy an entry and we were shoked to know that we were charged extra !!!! because of the voucher we had to pay the full charge when every one else buys it at a discounted rate.3- On the hotels Web it says that children have access to the kids club and as we took them they told us that we only get one free entry and its restrikted from 11am - 6pm though it opens till 10pm !!!! and we booked two rooms still we got one free entry so my advise if you want to book two rooms book them under two different names.In comparison the Al Qaser hotel in Madinat Jumairah offered free unlimited entry for the guest kids only for the entire stay.4- Most important the hotel staff are very rude!!! when we bought beverages they would tell you the cost befor serving it even if you didn't ask for the price !!! and when you ask for any thing they would communicate with you on &quot;Take it or leave it basis&quot;. Again other five star hotels of the area were very polite and even if they couldn't offer something they would appologize.5- The room decore-size is very average in comparison with the rate. you could compare the pictures with Madinat Jumairah where the rooms are stunning.I'm definatly not going back again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Not worth the money	Second part to a 2 centre Kuoni package. Local representative dreadful ( worst Kuoni rep ever met!). Promised to fax to hotel our departure pickup times and didnt! We ended up having to pay to ring him to retrieve these details. The Atlantis Palm checkin service was a mess, no proper queues, the receptionist had poor English and despite the number of rooms and holiday markers, there was a small wholely inadequate checkin area. It took us 1.5 hours wait to get to the desk. Had booked a twin room but none available!!!. We were told that we would have to wait for another couple of hours. In the end settled for a double room and they ended up putting in another &quot;fold up&quot; bed. Five Star Hotel - NO WAY!.The hotel on the outside looked OK, but the rooms decor fell short of a 5 star establishment. The toilet was dark with no light. Painted walls with no style. The Saffron Restaurant had the best spread for Breakfast Buffet. Free access to the water park, however the water flow on many sections of the waterpark was not strong enough to push the inflatables through and you would have to get off your &quot;inflatable ring&quot; and walk, pushing the ring along. Not as much variety of rides as Wild Wadi at Jumeriah Beach. Next time I'm staying in Jumeriah Beach which has a better environment and service. The hotel is also too far away from other attractions in Dubai, taking 20minutes just to drive out of the man made palm Island.	
Sep 24 2009 	Almost Heaven!	Perfect in every way - superb staff, excellent facilities and restaurants. If you don't want to pay 5 star prices for 5 star services, don't go to Atlantis. Allow at least £100 per person per day and you will have the time of your life. Highly recommend Ossiano, Dolphin Bay and the Spa. Exquisite.	
Sep 24 2009 	Perfect - almost	This hotel / resort is close to perfection. I will not add to the compliments already written in previous reviews, but I would like to address the criticisms. In my opinion a substantial number of people have come to this resort on cheap deals offered earlier in the year without really comprehending that this is a 5 star resort and therefore will charge 5 star prices and expect a certain standard of behaviour on arrival. £15 for a poolside meal and £50 per head in a restaurant really isn't excessive for the quality of food provided, and to fill plastic carrier bags with food at the breakfast buffet is really not acceptable behaviour, and neither is wearing a bikini to meals, especially during Ramadan. I should also add that it wasn't just fellow Brits who demonstrated such a lack of etiquette; there were a large number of Germans whose behaviour was even worse, and, this being the UAE, far too many Russians with more money than class who might as well have had pig troughs installed in their rooms, at least that way they couldn't inflict their extreme racist prejudices on the all too helpful staff.Everything else about the hotel and the resort itself was wonderful, the room, the staff, the waterpark, Dolphin Bay and the restaurants were all exceptional and contributed to a once in a lifetime experience. The final word of caution I would offer is with regard to the Kaleidoscope restaurant. I would highly suggest that you go to Saffron for breakfast, as Kaleidoscope have a far more limited and lower quality selection of food, the staff are not as attentive, and we also got charged on our room bill for our complimentary breakfast as lunch!Overall do not hesitate to visit Atlantis, just expect the worse from some of the guests and avoid Kaleidoscope!	
Sep 24 2009 	not a grumble in sight	everything and everybody at the atkantis deserve the highest marks. we didnt even see a fly or a knat on that island, the water park was fab and there was a lifeguard metres apart both sides of the rapid rides at all times we travelled with no children and without sounding bad, we have grown up children and really just didnt want to be bothered with anyone elses kiddies on our holiday and we totally were not. we sat most days on that wonderful beach with that wonderfully warm water with just a handfull of people everyday. the food in the saffron resturant was all u can eat and we paid for half board. it was exceptionally good and the service was impeccable by the staff. it worked on a help yourself basis and was cooked continously fresh all evening, scrumptious sweets and a huge choc fountain just about ended the evening on a high. couldnt have had better at any resturant i have ever been too. the holiday to sum it up was excellent and i would not hesitate to go back picky little moan would have been the shops were out of my league for buying but who cares, who want s to shop when u can sit overlooking the palm in the sun with a ice cream lol. we did go to the emirates mall and it was worh the trip one evening to watch the fab exotic cars and the incredible shops. we swam with the dolphins and thought here we go we are going to get ripped off but it was 2 hours of fun in the water with alice the dolphin and we wouldnt have missed it for the world, that we had to pay extra for of course.. we came home two very happy chilled out bunnies. thank you atlantis palm	
Sep 24 2009 	Out of this World!	Just come back from a 4 day trip with 2 small children (6 &amp; nearly 4) which was just fabulous, there was so much on offer that we did not venture off the Palm!. Facilities are excellent - Dolphin Bay is well worth a visit, the indoor aquarium and Lost Chamber are stunning and we wandered round for hours looking at the 15,000 fish!. There are height restrictions at Aquaventure but still lots to do when you are small. Kids club is also excellent in terms of facilities and staff. Hotel can be pricey and I would recommend you go for an Imperial Room if you can, as this will give you wifi access, snacks thoughout the day, foc access to the kids club during the day, etc, all of which are chargeable if you stay in another room type - that's certainly what we will do on our return. Public areas were also busy but to be expected post Ramadan - No hesitation is recommending this hotel, staff were excellent (knew our children by name) and special mention to the lifeguards who where never off duty. The hospitality room for late check out was a welcome bonus too. All in all just wonderful!	
Sep 22 2009 	Washing on balcony	Cannot say much as their is not much to say about the Hotel. Hate the washing on the balconies .	
Sep 22 2009 	Wonderful experience	We stayed at the new Altantis and Palm island, Such an wonderful experience, We totally enjoyed everything, from shopping, dining, desert safari, swimming with the dolphins, Would love to comeback soon	
Sep 22 2009 	Sprawling Expanse of highest quality	Enjoyed our stay at the Atlantis Dubai, but found that inspite of the fact it was almost brand new when we stayed, I much prefer the Jumeirah Beach hotel for the family. There were many things to do, no to mention the various restraunts on site..The water park is excellent and complimentary to guests more than can be said for the kids club that came at quite an expense with 2 children. Its a bit closer to the Emirates mall, but further away from the GOLD SOUK and the new mall than the Jumeirah Beach.. All in all wonderful variety, great quality. Would I go again..probably not..but just because I prefer the facilities and location of Jumeirah Beach.	
Sep 21 2009 	Free Compensation stay for years disastrous sof opening - improved but still not all that.	I stayed at the Atlantis last year at the begining of their soft opening, it was a disaster and they gave 2 free nts whilst we were there but on arriving home I complained further about all the problems and requested further compensation and received another night - and was told this would be like for like.I went back on the 8th/12th but before we had even reached got to our departure date, The Atlantis contacted our travel agent 2 wks before our arrival and retracted the bed &amp; breakfast agreement and informed us it' was room only - giving some feeble excuse, we both myself and the travel agents thought this was an extremely poor thing to do and their excuse was so pathetic I won't bore you with it. This was suppose to be compensation to make up for the terrible experience that we paid for first time round, so we weren't off to a good start.However, things did improve, as when we arrived our room was ready and we arrived early and it wasn't mahem in the reception area like it was the year before. The room was the same as last time but now showing signs of wear and tear, marked walls and curtains, 3 of light bulbs didn't work in the room - this should have been checked before each guest checks into the room but otherwise much the same - the rooms are spacious and the twin queen beds are big and comfy. Luggage was still a bit slow in arriving in to the room.As our breakfast was rudely taken away from us, we refused to have breakfast in the hotel and there is no-where to go outside as this hotel is quite from the city or any shops etc, so we took our own breakfasts with us, which in fact was vast improvement from queing for breakfast - which we still witnessed whilst we were there. It was a lot quieter more civilised and relaxing having our breakfast in our room and a hell alot cheaper than paying £24 for breakfast - and it's not a great experience, the servive leaves a lot to be desired. However, we did eat lunch at the Edge pool bar a couple of times and I have to say the staff were lovely and very helpful, food was good and plentiful, so would recommend this option.Whilst cooling down in the Royal pool, which does have the most greatest part of the pool which is only inches deep, which you can lay in to cool down whilst still sunning yourself and it has a ledge going all the way round, put a pool towel as a pillow on this ledge and your in heaven!! Perfect spot!! I got chatting to fellow guests and didn't hear very good things about the buffet dinner restaurant and another restaurant they had tried, said the service was terrible and didn't enjoy their experiences, so we never ate at the hotel in the evening, we went out instead which was cheaper and much more fun and you get to see more of Dubai.We did receive a little bit of pampering round the pool this time - this included 2 ice lollies but we had to run after the guy for one of them and one cold face cloth and that was it in 3 days - at the Mina A' Salam (we went there after The Atlantis) you got ice lollies, orange slices, cucumber slices and cold face cloths in one day, ever day!! They didn't miss one person out as they go around the pool delivering these welcomed treats. Whereas The Atlantis is very hit and miss if you receive any such treats.House keeping still not up to scratch, didn't always clean everything, also had some weird turn down service (when they remembered to do it!!) it looked like they started to do the turn down but didn't get to finish it - maybe that was the case!! if not, very strange!!.I did get to go to The Atlantis waterpark twice and enjoyed my time in there, unfortunately two of the water rides were being serviced so couldn't go on them, which was a shame as there isn't that many attractions to go on so having two out at the same time wasn't good. The lazy river is great as you can access one of the water rides via it, plus you have different options/routes to take as you go round, one has rapids, another one has waves and the last one takes you to the water ride. It wasn't too busy in the park which was great and there are plenty of quiet places to chill out and sunbath within the park. So it was a good day and I had a lot of fun, did the Leap of faith twice - OMG!!! I was shaking afterwards but still did it again!! Plus the staff are very friendly and fun in the waterpark, helped make the day so good!! The hotel service had much improved since last year but I still would not go back to this hotel as there are far better hotels to stay in which offer a completely different Dubai pampering experience - if you want to have that pampering experience don't stay at The Atlantis - it's spectular to look at but fails to deliver that satisfying feeling of a perfect stay which the Mina A' Salam most certainly did - would recommend you go there instead..	
Sep 20 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	Having read many reviews before our holiday, I was a bit cautious before we arrived - especially as we had stayed at the Jumeirah Beach same time last year, but there was no need. We had an amazing holiday.Booking - we booked with destinology who were really helpful and far cheaper than other travel agents, good tranfers both ways.Travel - flew with Emirates - couldn't fault them - easy online check in, offered extra leg room, pleasant journey.On arrival at hotel - this hotel is enormous, and reception was busy but organised, and despite arriving hours before checkin time, we were given a free upgrade (as most people were) to atlantis room and were in the room within 90 minutes of the plane landing.Staff - all extremely pleasant and helpful - always went out of their way to help. Lots of security who often asked to check if we were residents at the hotel - which i didnt mind as i would rather that, than having 100's of strangers wandering pass my room. once they became famliar with us, they stopped asking.Room - large - had 2 very comfortable king size beds, spotlessly clean. Was a smokers room but didnt smell (we dont smoke). Excellent rooms service - at least twice a day. had fresh fruit in room, and 2 bottles of water - but whenever we asked for more, they were happy to provide as much as we wanted - we then took a couple of bottles to the pool/beach and asked for glasses of ice during the day to keep cost down. As it was our anniversary, the hotel provided a beautiful chocolate treasure chest which lasted all week! the only concern we had with our room, is one night a child next door was very loud, messing about, singing/shouting/crying. We reported it to guest services who were very apologetic and sent security up to the room which seemed to do the trick. I think this was a one off as the rrom was occupied by other people who we never heard, and to be fair, It wasnt a fault of the hotel as it could have happened anywhere. Atlantis did everything they could and offered us an alternative room.Beach/Pool - spotlessly clean. Lots of lifeguards around. some people were stung by jellyfish, but were treated very quickly by staff. Several signs around indicating there were jellyfish, so use the beach at your own risk! We didnt have any problems. Staff regularly around to bring food/drink. yes its pricey - but if you pay for a 5* hotel, expect to pay 5* hotel prices - not sure why there are so many complaints about this. tips/service charge is usually inclusive of the price, so no need to give tips unless you feel the need to/had superior service.Restaurants - we stayed half board - which allowed us to eat in 5 of the restaurants - saffron and kaleidoscope are buffet - only tried saffron as there was so much to eat here, and shorter queues. at saffron, we didnt queue for any longer than 5 minutes - for breakfast or dinner despite visiting at busy times - again, not sure what all the complaints are about this - i have waited longer to be seated in a uk restaurant despite making reservations than i did there. Perhaps queues are longer at peak times of the year? We also ate at Rostang (french) - lovely, but more formal than anywhere else. Ther best steak i have ever had was at Seafire - fantastic - If you like steak, dont miss out on this!On arrival we were given a booklet about the resort whcih had info on happy hours - well worth a visit, cause it brings the cost of drinks well below that you would pay in the uk.Activities - Waterpark - great fun, well staffed, wasnt too busy so didnt have to wait more than 5 minutes for any ride. Not sure i would pay to go there had i not had free entry as a hotel guest. Dolphin bay - they do an informational talk everyday at 12.15 which is worth a visit if you want to see the dolphins without having to get up close and personal! (and ther's a starbucks there!) Lost Chambers - again, as a hotle guest, this is a lovely experience and useful for walking off our massive meals, but wouldn't necessarily pay to visit.Spa - i have visited many spas in the uk, but never have i been in such luxury as there! it is stunning. They had a special offer on massage - 60mins for about £70, but this also allowed you to stay as long as you like in the beautiful sauna/jacuzzi and steam room area. Fantastic massage - well worth a visit if you like spa's!Overall - we work hard and save hard for our holidays (and generally aren't accustomed to staying in many 5* hotels) and the extra's we paid for. we knew it was going to be expesive there and allowed for that in our budget. I feel we paid a good price for the week we were there. As it was after the school holidays and Ramadam, it was a lot quieter than perhaps it might be during peak times, which was great - However i wouldnt want to stay there during peak times of the year as i feel it would lose some of its 'luxury' or 5* feel. I am now saving hard to return same time next year!	
Sep 18 2009 	lovely hotel	having read a few reviews, I was a little worried. However it seems to me that alot of the problems were teething ones that are now resolved. I expect this hotel will shoot up the rankings. From pre honeymoon to a month later it has gone up 20 places.We stayed for three nights as part of a twin centre honeymoon to the maldives.Flight: Emirates overnight good service only 6 hours in the air. Arrived Dubai early morning. Transfer time to the airport about 45 minutes and upon arrival at the hotel they checked us straight into a room. We booked a deluxe room and were upgraded 1 level to a room on the eighth floor. Decent size room. Everything you would expect. Breakfast included in our package which we had in the Saffron restaurant. Enormous selection. Eat as much as you can as it gets expensive when you have to pay!!!At lunch we ate at the poolside bar. Soft drinks/beers are all around £5. A burger and chips £11 which to be fair the burger was so good it was worth the money. A steak sandwich £20 ridiculously overpriced. Spagetti about £10. We tried both the Seafire steakhouse and Saffron asian buffet in the evening. Could recommend both. Will cost you around £120 for two including a couple of drinks and 3 courses at Seafire. Around £100 for the buffet and drinks at Saffron. In my view overpriced by about 20% but the food is excellent.We went to Mall of the Emirates. The hotel provides a free one way shuttle every couple of hours. This takes about an hour. We decided to get a cab and were there in 20 minutes for about £5. Enormous shopping mall with just about every brand you have ever heard of.Taxis are the best was around dubai. Instead of taking a tour I asked a cab driver how much it would cost take us to go and see the Burj tower and Burj al Arab and back to the Atlantis. Total price £15 for about an hours driving.The hotel is huge. To give you some idea how huge they run a shuttle buggy from one wing to the other! The interior lobby, walkways and view of the aquarium are all impressive and of course air conditioned! Yes it is scorching hot outside but you soon acclimatise and slow down.Overall experience of the Atlantis and Dubai. Ideal for a 3-5 night stay. Guaranteed good weather and first class facilites.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not the family friendly hotel it portrays	We have visited Dubai on many occasions and have previously stayed in the Madinat Jumeirah complex (Dar al Masyaf, Mina a Salam and Al Qasr). We decided to stay in the Atlantis as we have two young children (2 1/2 and 1 1/2) and thought that it would be nice to have a change.How wrong we were! We were extremely disappointed with the whole &quot;childrens' set up&quot;. There is not a specific kids pool, albeit the &quot;family pool&quot; slopes gradually like a beach. There is no shade whatsoever over the pool at all. The only shade outside the pool comes from a small canopy fixed on every sunbed. However, this barely covers your body when lying on it, so how on earth can you expect kids to just sit under it without moving???We had to hire a cabana, which I feel is a complete insult. This is supposed to be a five star hotel, not a two star in Spain (no offence to budget Spain but you know what I mean) and simple amenities like shade should be standard.Coupled to that, my wife noticed that there was a poo in the pool and she reported it to the staff. Nothing was done for at least fifteen minutes before we left.Aquaventure was also the same and, although you get free entry into the park, you then have to pay for towels and lockers and again no shade!The high chairs in the restaurants were mostly all broken (straps missing) and dirty. There did not seem to be any childrens menus nor childrens cutlery and crockery. No kids packs (crayons etc).The kids club was only open to four year olds and above and no parents were allowed in it! I can understand not being able to leave a young child but to not be allowed to take in our kids and use the facilities and look after them ourselves is ridiculous.The beds were incredibly uncomfortable and my wife and I had backache every morning.Finally, the hotel food and beverages were extremely expensive. I appreciate that it is not going to be cheap but I am comparing this to the Jumeirah hotels mentioned above.The only positive points were the staff were generally welcoming and attentive (although you expect this in Dubai anyway), the hotel was clean and smart, the food in the buffet restaurants was excellent, the rooms were nice (except the bed!).To summarise, I will not be going back and will return to the Jumeirah hotels above, which I cannot recommend enough.	
Sep 17 2009 	welcome to the holiday of your life	&quot;welcome to the holiday of your life&quot; is what the porter who open the taxi door as we arrived at the atlantis said..and thats excatly how it was....i took my teenage son and his friend for his birthday and it was amazing!......we travelled around dubai staying in different areas but once we left the atlantis we felt depressed and just wanted to go back!the waterpark kept the boys entertained as i laid back and read my book on the quiet private beach...the rooms were spacious and luxurious except the bed which was a bit hard...we paid half board and i have never tasted such a variety of food that tasted so so good!i dont normally eat much but i often had thirds and five puddings!im so slim but would leave the resturant looking pregnant lol...the pool was open til 10pm which meant i could have a swim when the boys were at rush club which also was included...i have travelled around the world and would never normally return to the same place as there is so many places in the world to go but i will be returning in october as i loved it so much	
Sep 16 2009 	Las Vegas without the casino.....expensive restaurants!	We stayed here after 10 nights in the maldives for 4 nights to finish off our honeymoon. Well...this is one big hotel. A resort all of its own which in my opinion is what you need in Dubai. Everywhere else you really need a car to visit anywhere if brave enough to venture into the heat or if you want something to do. We got upgraded at reception to an Atlantis room from the basic deluxe room but it was on the smoking floor...got the odd waft off smoke but not as bad as I expected. The room was lovely and overlooked the Royal Pool. The staff throughout the hotel were all lovely and friendly. We went during Ramadan so you are not to drink or eat in public during during sunrise to sundown. This was fine at Atlantis as the cafes and restaurants were still serving food and drink but no alcohol til 7.30. The restaurants are very pricey especially Ossiano but the food is fantastic and the service exceptional and highly attentive. The meal incidentally in Ossiano was amazing with a stunning view with a table by the aquarium window. We also ate in Seafire, Rostang and Nasimi which were all great. Seafire also had happy hour BOGOF on cocktails between 7.30 and 9.30 which is great given they were over £10 each. The aquaadventure is great fun - we did 2 afternoons there and the rapids that circle the whole park are great to just sit back and cool off. This is free to guests. We also did the dolphin deep water experience (my morals set aside briefly) which was lovely. Again the staff at both attractions are very friendly.If you are in Dubai the Atlantis is great because it has so much &quot;under one roof&quot;. There are shops much like the Las Vegas casinos (Tiffany etc) and a great ice cream parlour!	
Sep 16 2009 	Atlantis Rediscovered	This was our second visit to Atlantis after a disaster last year.I can only say the Hotel has certainly improved 100%.There are twice as many staff as before and all most professional.The service has improved a lot and staff are freindly and want to help you.The Marble Slab ice cream shop again excellent with good service and great ice cream.Restaurants in Atlantis are still very expensive although there are special deals in some, so they are obviously feeling the pinch.We went to Saffron on one of the nights which is a buffet reataurant. If you like desserts you will be in heaven with the largest chocolate fountain I have ever seen.The monorail is now working which will take you off the Palm to the main land but at around £5.00 each quite expensive.It would still be cheaper to go by Taxi which are all readiliy available.We had a really nice realxing week	
Sep 14 2009 	Good facilities - Poor service	As a hotel for good family holiday, it is hard to fault. The water parks and Aquariums are the best I've seen. The Club Rush facility for older children is excellent although there is a small admission charge.The problem with the Atalantis is it gives the impression that it was designed because someone decided they wanted a massive hotel on the end of the Palm, and that is what you get. However the main swimming pool is in the shadow of the hotel from mid afternoononwards, the dining rooms do not have the capacity to cope with the number of guests and 30 miniute waits to be seated are not uncommon ( you do however queue infront of the huge aquarium so there is always something to see). It is a very good hotel that your children will love, but its not quite up to the standard of the other hotels in Dubai in it price group.Tips - Do the dolphin experiance - pricey but excellentDon't go down late for breakfast	
Sep 14 2009 	The PLACE to BE in DUBAI	Wonderful for KIDS, wonderful for stressed out adults, wonderful for luxury seekers.... The water park is fabulous for small kids as well as big ones. The aquarium is mega-impressive. The food is good and the choice overwhelming.... this will be your only source of stress. The service very good. Request the hotel plus water park package which comes out cheaper. DEFINITELY great for teens and children of all ages. Even the adults in the group enjoyed the water slides. The hotel rooms were excellent. The price however is a bit expensive but the stay was memorable.	
Sep 14 2009 	brash	Returned yesterday from Dubai, have holidayed there many times and like to try different hotels.We travelled economy with Virgin , plenty of leg room and even good inflight food. The Atlantis is just as I expected colourful and brash. Apparently we were upgraded to an Atlantis room form the deluxe we had booked, not sure of the difference but the room was big and comfortable. The pool area was fairly busy but plenty of sun loungers but no umbrellas, they use canaopies attached to the lounger, pretty ineffienct and impossible to shade both face and body from the sun. The sea was warm but cloudy, and the beach was mainly ground up ballast ( at least that what it seemed to me) not the white soft sand thats usual on Dubai beaches. I can see the hotel would appeal to families with children because of the Aqua adventure park and we did enjoy the Lost Chambers. We ate two evening meals in the hotel and ending up paying for neither as one was cold (served on cold plates too) and the other burned. Would I return to the Atlantis.. No.. Still think The Jumeriah Beach Hotel takes some beating!	
Sep 13 2009 	WOW- will be your first words on entering this hotel	Recently stayed for one week at Atlantis. On arrival, met with spectacle of the Main lobby, absolutely breathtaking, all very sparkly and clean. Check in was very efficient, and we were complementary upgraded to two connecting rooms with full balcony in the west wing overlooking the pool. The rooms are fabulous, large, luxurious and very clean. The bathroom with the large walk-in shower and separate bath was lovely. Lots of clean towels, bottle of water and fruit bowl daily.There appears to be hundreds of staff, all very polite and courteous. You cannot fault their attentiveness.The two pools are lovely and cool. There appeared to be lots of free sunbeds all with their own personal sunshade. Free beach towels (no limit to number per day) were used creatively to cover the shades to shield completely from the sun. Staff being on hand with cold towels was a nice touch. The beach was pristine, but too hot to sit on during the day. The sea was as warm as a bath, and the majority of people (approx 30 of us) swam in it late afternoon.The waterpark was great and enjoyed by all. Lots of sunbeds, although those situated close to the main entrance to the pool were taken first. Again very clean and staff/lifeguards every few feet. We tended to have lunch in the waterpark, the food is fine, typical of any theme park including the prices. Only grouch is having to pay for a locker key everyday- should be free to hotel guests. The lost chambers aquarium is amazing- better than the UK equivalent ‘sealife’ centres. Open all day and up to around 11pm, so lovely place to pop into and cool off. Excellent informative staff. Tip- go in the evening as very quiet and you can spend as long as you like looking at the amazing spectacles.Food- Ate at saffron for breakfast. Open until at least 11am, busy but always escorted to table immediately on arrival by efficient staff. Lots of choice, catering for all tastes including European and Chinese.We ate at Saffron and Niasmi restaurants on one occasion each. At each the quality and choice of food was good. However we did find the prices quite expensive. Considering Saffron was a buffet, it cost £160 for 4 people, and that was a special offer of 4 dine, and pay for 3. Drinks were expensive £2.50 for a glass of coke, £9 for a glass of wine. Bottles of wine were from £25. Tip - take a taxi (£5) into town or visit one of the malls and you can eat for a 1/3 of this amount.Would recommend Arabian Adventures- sundowner trip.4 wheeled desert safari, with meal and henna paining and camel rides. Excellent tour guide, really good fun for the whole family.A little disappointed regarding the shops in the hotel. The majority were designer jewellery shops selling items in their thousands, with only 2 selling goods at reasonable cost.The gold souk was also disappointing, went down late afternoon, felt a little unsafe, and we were continuously hassled by men selling fake bags. It made us feel we couldn’t stop to look at anything and left quite quickly.The malls are excellent; however, we found on comparing prices, all goods were cheaper in the UK.Overall an excellent hotel, with very attentive staff. Excellent location and facilities. Excellent for a family holiday to Dubai.	
Sep 12 2009 	The most amazing experience of my life. I wanted to cry when we checked out!!	I have just arrived back from the Atlantis Dubai this morning, me and my friend spent 10 days and we had an amazing time, From the moment we walked through the door our jaws dropped to the floor. The hotel is stunning. This is ultimate in luxury there is not one thing i could fault about this hotel. We arrived to our room and they had upgraded us to a suite and it was MASSIVE.The hotel sparkles because it is always being cleaned, the staff just want to help you and you can tell they really enjoy working there. Threy bring you ice cold towels when you are hot and ice lollys when you are parched. Cant fault it!!The restaurants are yummy and yes they are expensive but you are staying in a 5* star hotel so you have to expect to pay 5* star prices. The water park is so good and as a guest at the hotel you can use this free off charge and as often as you wish. It is great for children and keep them entertained all day also there is a lifegaurd about every 6 meters at the water park. There is so much to do at this hotel we didnt feel 10 days was enough. We were lucky to view the suites that are under water and they are gorgeous if you have lots of money stay in one of them if you are extra rich then the presidential suite is to die for. I can say hand on heart if you go on holiday to the Atlantis you will have a fantastic time and for people to write anything negative about this hotel then i dont know where they have been staying as i can not fault a thing. We had a early morning flight and the hospitality lounge was great, with showers and resting areas to sleep this was perfect as we had to check out at 1pm. I hope this review has helped people and i hope you all have a great time at The Atlantis	
Sep 11 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I was a bit worried about some of the negative review I read here about this hotel, but to my surprised I had a good time right from the time I arrived in the hotel and when I left. I was upgraded for free. The breakfast was very good I had breakfast at the Saffron restaurant; it is a bigger restaurant and had more variety. You are spoilt for choice. I enjoyed every moment. I visited the Kaleidoscope restaurant once; it is a smaller restaurant but also good but not much variety. If you like Lebanese foods go there. The staffs were friendly and very approachable. The kids love every minute and enjoyed the kids club. The Adventure Park was really good better than the Waterparks at the Jumeriah beach hotel. The only negative thing about the hotel is that it was pricey; imagine 56 Dirham (about £9) for two bottles of water for dinner at the Saffron restaurant however the buffer dinner was out of this world, I would say treat yourself after all we have one life to live or if you book through any holiday travels, book half-board it works out cheaper at the end or go the malls for dinner. I would have like if there was fruits everyday in the room like the Jumeriah Beach hotel but you are only give fruits on the first day of arrival. The family would like to go there again. The cold stone creamery is very good situated near the lost chambers.	
Sep 10 2009 	great!!	was a bit concerned over some of the negative reviews, but we must have stayed at a different place, because we thought it was great. we were their on our 31st wedding avnniversary and the place staff and weather could not have been better ( well the prices could have been a bit cheaper £8 for beer!!) easist thing is to get one of the very cheap taxis and go up town and eat and drink there, The walk at JBR is good for both food and drink	
Sep 10 2009 	Friendy Staff better stay that I expected	I've watched the reviews for this hotel carefully over the months since it opening, and am happy to report that we had a much better experience than customers who went when it first opened.Check-in was very busy but efficiently managed. Lessons have obviously been learnt, with maps and a guide on restaurants/happy hours etc given to us on arrival so that we could take advantage of the best deals. Room was perfectly ok, although nothing amazing - I did however like the fact that the screen between the bath and bedroom could be opened so that I could watch the main TV whilst soaking in the tub.We had no problems with the bill on departure (following previous reviews we checked very carefully). It's definitely a good idea to eat relatively early to avoid queuing (this suited us best anyway) - the breakfast choice is particular was fantastic and I quickly got into the habit of having a mixture of eastern and western food for breakfast! We had a great time at the waterpark - my husband skinned his knees and every member of staff (lots!) asked if he needed assistance/plasters etc; we also used all of the different pools (and the beach) and enjoyed them all. My only 'complaint' is that the shades on the sunbeds do not cover the bottom of your legs which made it a little tricky to relax.Above all, the staff were extremely friendly and quick to smile - from the doormen, cleaners, restaurants, front desk and liftmen. This was a pleasant surprise and really made the stay more welcoming. Value was better than I expected as I'd seen reviews of a can of coke costing £7 - this frankly is complete nonsense. Yes it's more expensive than a lot of places but we had massive meals in the buffet restaurant for around £20 per person, and if you need more water in your room - just ask the staff, we had no problem getting more.	
Sep 9 2009	Best Holiday in a Long Time!	My Father &amp; I visited Atlantis the Palm for 3 nights in August 2009. Despite looking at reviews that said Dubai was unbearable in the heat. We arrived at around 8am thinking that they would not have our room ready for us so we would be waiting around but they had a room and we went straight up. Staff where friendly and helpful and our room was wonderful. I would recommend getting a room facing the palm not the ocean as the view is a bit boring. As we stayed we had free access to the aquarium and the waterpark which were both excellent. There is also a long private beach for only guests to enjoy. Even though it was 40 degrees and higher everyday the heat was bearable for a short trip for some sun. As long as your by the pool or at the waterpark the heat is fine but make sure you wear flip flops to the water the floor will burn your feet. The hotel is nice and cool as it is air conditioned throughout. We didn't leave the hotel during the day and spent our time at Aqua adventure then by the pool, the water park was amazing and the staff are so friendly. The only thing is they could do with a few more water rides and finding the slides was a bit tricky. We could always get a sun bed by the pool which was also really helpful. The only negative point is that the food is quite expensive and is a lot cheaper outside of the resort. We usually ate in the water park in Shark Bites for lunch and had dinner either in one of the many restaurants or outside at a Mall. Also it is quite expensive to go to the waterpark and if we hadn't of got in free we would have only gone the once. The other thing is that both of the pools dont get deeper than about 2 metres which was annoying. We also did the shallow water dolphin experience which was amazing.On our last day our flight was at 2am and we had checked out and was worrying about what we would do with our bags and what we would do about showers as we had the whole day with no room. There is a place in reception to store your luggage and a hospitality room with large lockers to keep your belongings during the day until your departure. This was extremely helpful. There are also showers for you to use so after another day by the pool there was no need to worry about not having a room.Overall the stay was amazing, the staff where friendly and the food was good, but overpriced. I did not want to come home and I would definitely visit again.	
Sep 9 2009 	good stay	we just back from atlantis the service at front house is not good ,The water park are good food is good but very expensive no free milk for baby very big hotel if you fan of waterpark is good i do not think is worth the money very expensive its oky for one time	
Sep 9 2009 	Amazing	Fantastic hotel, the buffet was the best I've ever seen and its my business to know. Staff incredibly nice and helpful. Its not cheap but you get what you pay for here. Kids facilities looked great. Water park was great fun. (We were on business trip really!) Would go back and recommend it as a top quality hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Superb	Expensive but excellent, get taxi from airport to hotel, buffet meals pricey but wonderful. Aquaventure great for kids, we loved it!	
Sep 8 2009 	Amazing hotel and very friendly staff - 2 thumbs up.	My wife and I just got back from Atlantis. We were there for our honeymoon and this was our first visit to Dubai. We stayed in the Imperial Club room on the 12th floor (same floor as the Imperial Lounge Club room). We arrived at the hotel at 8:30am, even though the check in was at 2pm, they set us up with a room and sent our bags up with no issues. This was a bonus as we were able to freshen up and enjoy breakfast after a long flight.The hotel is very very big, it was amazing. Our room was a nice size as well. I was very glad with the size of the bathroom, it was very spacious.The water park was so much fun. We stayed away from it on Friday and Saturday because it was very busy, the line ups were long and the lazy river was packed. The restaurants and bars were nice, a little expensive but what can you do.We had to leave the hotel at 7am in order to be at the airport on time. At this time breakfast would have just started, so we decided to order breakfast to our room for 6am. I was so suprised that room service knocked on the door exactly at 6am. I was totally impressed with the service at the hotel. The staff are very freindly as we were always greeted where ever we went.	
Sep 8 2009 	What an amazing holiday!	We have just returned from a 6 night break at the palm and it truly was amazing.When we arrived I asked for a room upgrade as we were there to celebrate my partners 30th birthday and they did this without any problem and we were put in the west tower on the 14th floor with a lovely view over the hotel pool and palm.The rooms were lovely and were cleaned twice a day, the beds were really comfortable with feather duvets and pillow's. You had an ice bucket in the room which you could go and fill up in the ice room which are on every floor. The mini bar in the room is a little bit expensive I paid £3 for a can of diet pepsi also I used the phone and it cost me £28 for a 6 minute call so I would advise using your mobile.On the evening of Terry's birthday the maid arrived with 15 beautiful red roses and she had made 2 swan's on the bed out of the towels and he was given a lovely cake and card in the seafire resturant.The food was really really good the best I've ever had and we have been to alot of places and this was by far the best, we went half board which was really good value because you had to have the breakfast but you could choose either lunch or dinner for your second meal of the day and both were really good and in the evening you had a choice of 4-5 resturants.The hotel is so clean and there is people cleaning it 24/7. The pool was lovely but we didn't buy drinks from the bar we bought the water down from the room and just got glasses of ice. When your around the pool in the day time they bring you iced flannels which was very nice given that it was 49 degress most days! The water park is amazing and we went there for 4 days out of the 6.In the evening we drunk in the nassimi bar as it was half price on a large sselection of drinks.The hotel staff are all so helpful and nothing is a problem, keeping the customer happy really is number one to them.The cold stone in the avenue's does the best milkshakes they are a little pricey at £6 but are to die for.I would reccomend getting your money changed up at the airport in Dubai as they give you a much better exchange rate than anywhere in the U.K also it is worth buying alchol to have in your room at the airport as it is dear to buy at the hotel and saves you a bit of money, we went to the Dubai mall whne we arrived and bought some coke, diet coke to use as mixers and crips for snack's which worked out cheaper than the U.K.I would highly recommend a trip to al karama for some good and cheap copies of handbags, clothes ect...Overall we had a really lovely time and would love to thank all the staff at the Atlantis for making our trip so enjoyable.	
Sep 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel!!! But Free The Whale Shark!!	We stayed here in June 2009. We splurged to spoil ourselves for the last 2 nights of our holiday. It was amazing! We stayed on the very top floor overlooking the palm and the views were fantastic! Check in and out was smooth and easy. The rooms were well appointed! Separate bath and shower in the bathroom, we had a separate space for the wardrobe area, and the service was impeccable!The only disappointment was the price to eat at the hotel, we had lunch once and spent approx. $20 AUD for one chicken and lettuce baguette, that we shared and both got a bit of a lurgy afterwards, you could tell it wasn't even fresh but for the price we paid we felt we had to eat it! From then on we ate at the Mall of the Emirates which was so much better (they have a shuttle there complimentary - prepare to wait an hour though as they do alot of backtracking to pick up from other hotels)On our last night we ate at Levantines in the hotel for an authentic Arabic mezze and that was great! We didn't mind splurging on the last night! But it was worth it!The final thing that I have to mention is the cruelty of holding a WHALE SHARK in captivity - they are endangered!!! It is bad enough that it is in a tank but it's the size of the tank that is the cruel part! THERE IS NO WAY AN ANIMAL THAT SIZE SHOULS BE HELD IN A TANK THAT SMALL!!! It may be deep but it only takes the animal less than 2 minutes to swim a full circle! I am in no way an animal rights activiist but it disgusted me enough for me to become one. Heartbreaking!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Holiday	We have just returned from an 8 night stay at The Atlantis. From previous reviews I can say that I was a bit apprehensive about our trip, having previously stayed at Mina Al Salam.However, I cannot see what there is to moan about. But then again you cannot please some people!Check In - We arrived just after midnight and check in was swift and efficient, we were in our room and luggage delivered within 10 minutes of arriving. We were upgraded to an Atlantis room, which faced onto the Palm, with excellent views of the palm, Royal Pool and the Burj Al Arab. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and my sisters 40th birthday, my sister was provided with a beautiful birthday cake and we were also left chocolates in our room. The balcony was small, but to be honest we only used the room for sleeping and changing.Room - the rooms were spacious and always well cleaned, the only thing that was missing was a toilet brush, although it certainly never crossed my mind to moan about it. We had turn down service every night, and were left water after they cleaned the room and also after turn down. The beds were large and extremely comfortable, the bed linen was simple but nice. The only thing I really missed was a dressing area with a dressing table, as there really was nowhere to plug your hair dryer in and sit and dry your hair, a small gripe, but it didn't spoil my holiday.Pools &amp; Sea - Both pools were nice, but we preferred Zero entry pool as it was much quieter than the Royal pool. Atlantis seems to have taken on board some previous comments, as they now provide cold towels at 12.30pm, iced lollies at 1.30pm and sun glasses cleaning at about 2.30pm....all free of charge.The sea was calm and lovely and warm, although very salty, but made floating very easy!!! there is a little bit of coarse sand just as you enter the water, but certainly not as previous reviewers have said, no way could you say it was pepples, and as for the jelly fish, I did see one small jellyfish, but also saw a child throwing sand all over it and the childs mother laughing at her sons actions....so i'm not surprised people are getting stung if this is how people are treating them....and bear in mind the sea is where they live!!!! and theres nothing the hotel can do about jellyfish being present in the Sea!!!Staff - All the staff were extremely friendly and everyone said good morning, good evening etc...We certainly had no complaints about any member of staff, and we had excellent service throughout our stay.....Service where service is due is what I say...Aqua-Adventure - We went most days and had a great time, it's certainly excellent if you have children as you can stay there all day. I have been to Wild Wadi and other water parks in the Middle East and this water park is just as good. The food in the Water Park is pretty standard for this type of venue - fast food - burgers, pizza's and wraps and french fries.....it's no different to any other water park in the Middle East...what do people expect???? a 5* gourmet meal???Restaurants - some of the Restaurants were pretty expensive, but the hotel had specials on every day, and the food in the Restaurants was no more expensive than the Restaurants at the Mina Al Salam. However, we only ate at one of the hotel Restaurants - Seafire, I had a lovely meal, however, my sister and my husband ended up with suspected food poisoning from this Restaurant....it may have been from the peppercorn sauce they both had, and my husband ended up not leaving our room for 2 days!!!Breakfast - This was included with our stay and always plenty of choice at Saffron and Kalaidoscope, we never once had any wait to be seated.General - Although the hotel is a little way out, taxis are cheap..just over £5 to go to Emirates Mall...and Madinat Jumeirah, there was 5 of us so only £2 return each, it was slightly more to go to Dubai Mall, but worth visiting just to see the water fountains. Some hotel guests did hang their washing over the balcony which did spoil the look when approaching the Hotel...and that is something the Hotel should address. I cannot say that we came accross any lager louts in the hotel and if people choose to wear football shirts it does not mean they are are a lout, and surely it is everyones preference on what they wear. We enjoyed our stay at The Atlantis and would consider returning, I would certainly reccommend this hotel to families, but if you are a couple wanting a quiet restful holiday this hotel may not be for you.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good experience - but solely a one-time thing	First off, i love Dubai, i can't get enough of it. I have been 3 times in the last 2 years, and stayed at 3 different hotels, the latest of which was Atlantis. We got the Emirates business class offer and thus 2 nights at the hotel were free. As soon as you enter the hotel you are taken aback by the size of the lobby, and its grandure. tne theme is executed well, and the staff are curteous. Check in was swift and we went straight to the room. The rooms are nice, quite spacious, not overly decorated, and the bathroom was brilliant in my view. However, for a 5* in Dubai i would have expected the rooms to be larger. Concierge was very helpful with our queries, and the Avenues and the Lost Chambers are definately worth a visit. Breakfast was absolutely gobsmacking - such a wide array of brilliantly prepared food, including some of the best dim sum i have ever tried, and a chocolate fountain, accompanied with a bizzare choice of gummy bears and sweets, nevertheless nice. There is a good choice of cuisine for those who want to dine in the hotel, although pricey, its worth an experience. Levantine was very good, and the Shisha was well made, and Ossiana seems like a great experience, although i didnt ghet to go there.The fitness centre was absolutely first class, great choice of machines, with attentive staff.All in all, its a very nice hotel, however i couldnt see myself staying at this hotel again simply because there are far better hotels in Dubai.	
Sep 6 2009 	Fantastic Hotel but dont use the mini bar..	We stayed at the Atlantis for Easter 09, It was fabulous, altho the room wasn`t as grand as Ithought it would it was very comfortable and we were overlooking the Giant Fishtank that they had in the lobby, this I absolutely fell in love with. We were able to look directly down into it and see the fish and sharks beeing feed. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The different resturants were amazing but be prepared for the expence. Also be careful when you check your bill as you sign everything to your room, we were charged for somebodys £1000.00 meal! you can check your bill via the tv in your room and I think its advisable to do this before you get to the checking out desk. I loved Dubai and would certainly use this hotel again. The water park was also amazing and free if your staying in the hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	Las vegas in dubai	Wanted to stay on the palm, offcourse resulting in staying in the Atlantis.Nice place, new and incredible spacious. The room we got was above the aquarium (east wing). Absolute stunning. If yo go and like fish, go for these rooms. beautiful at night.The aquarium is mindblowing. Huge big, beautiful and with huge amount of fis. Big no is the whaleshark. Good that they rescued(?) it, but they should set it free asap. What are they going to do with it once it is 12+ meter.The hotel reminded me of Vegas, but with a very good quality and focus on the small details for the &quot;under water&quot; theme (expect the childish drawings on the ceiling: just go and see).Yes it a package hotel but bear in mind, breakfast, lunch and dinner are not cheap (and there are no local restaurants nearby)The lost chambers are funny, but I would not pay entrance fee. Definitely not worth it.Big problem we had was the complaint we had about the aquaventure. Lobby could not help, so we wrote a complaint on the spot. We did not get any reply (after 2 weeks). That is a big NO for a hotel claiming to be a 5*. I Find this very strange because the overall service is very good.	
Sep 4 2009 	Nice Hotel - But Very Over rated - Stay Somewhere Else	We stayed in Dubai for 12 nights and stayed the last three nights at Atalantis. We also stayed at Le Royal Meridien (5 nights) &amp; Jumeirah Beach Hotels (4 nights).Check InAtlantis is visually a very impressive hotel. The first thing I noticed was that it was much busier than the other hotels we had been too. The lobby is huge and very busy (a lot of people look like they just come to have a look round). We arrived about 14:00 in the afternoon and check in was a very easy process. The lady was nice enough to upgrade us to a higher room (Atlantis room), however we were dissapointed that there were no Palm view rooms avaiable. We were given a magazine that provided information about the activities in the hotel. The room key was provided in a wallet that coul dbe hung around your neck that the kids liked, and there were also a couple people dressed as characters (dolphin and ocotopus) in the lobby that the kids were obsessed with.RoomOur room was in the west wing, which if your going to visit the water park frequently is a bad thing as it is quite a walk. The room was very nice for a standard room, we had two queen beds, a desk area, TV, minibar/fridge. There is a radio that you can attach your ipod/mp3 player which is very useful. The balcony was tiny (basically double doors with a rail outside), however at least there was somewhere to dry out clothes. The bathroom was very nice and probably slightly better than the other hotels. There is a seperate shower room, seperate toilet area, and a bath and sink area which has sliding double doors that open out onto the bedroom. This was useful as the kids could have a bath and watch the TV at the same time. Robes, slippers and toiletries were provided.On request we were provided with a DVD player but had to a sign an agreement to pay 500 dhirams (£90) if something happended to it. We had to call back the IT team on several occasions to resolve a lot of issues with the TV and the DVD player. You get one bottle of mineral bottle per day.Room ServiceThe food we had in the room was generally expensive and of a low standard The chips I had were so cold and dry, but they were replaced quite quickly when we complained. We found that (unlike the other hotels) we had to pay for the kids meals - However they do provide potatoes and vegetables free of charge. The hotel even charge you for baby milk (15 dhirams - £2.50), which was free at the other hotels. Even after complaining about this they would not budge. Best thing to do is to top your babies bottles at breakfast as there is plently of milk on tap.A high chair was provided in the room on request, which we kept throughout our stay.What was very nice of the hotel was that they left us a box chocolates with a card in our room for our anniversary.House KeepingThe hotel were very slow in making our room. we found it was normally made about 4-5 o'clock in the afternoon which is completely unacceptable. They were very inconsistent in service as well.FoodWe had breakfast at the Saffron restaurant, which I must say was excellent. There is an enormous variety of different food available, but we especially loved the Dim Sum and the kids were obsessed with the chocolate fountain.We didn't eat lunch or dinner in the hotel restaurants as they were ridicously over priced. Much better to get a taxi to the emirates mall or to Jumeirah Walk residence where there are loads of nice restuarants at a much more reasonable cost. There is a free shuttle service available for the Malls however it is better to pay 20 dhirams for a taxi, as the route takes over an hour to get there.WaterparkThe water park at Atalntis is very good and some of the rides better than Wild Wadi. Entrance is Free. The kids area is very similar to Wild Wadi, however it is not as well supervised. We went to the waterpark every day and the kids throughly enjoyed it. Whilst in the park you can charge anything you buy directly to your room, which is useful. The standard of the food in the park again is very average. We ate lunch at three of areas and were not impressed with the price or the quality.The aquarium is Beach/PoolsThere are two pools at the hotel, which we used on one of the days. I found the water to be very cold, and there are no shaded areas for the kids. There is a small area that is very shallow for the children to play in. The beach is okay, but not what I would have expected. The sand as you enter the water is very stoney which is hard on your feet. Not ideal for children, the lifeguard told me it was because of the nature of the man made Palm Island. Jumeirah beach is much better, very smooth sand and lovely water.For the price they expect you to pay this hotel is very over rated. Staff always seemed very busy and were not as friendly as the other hotels. I got the impression that some of them were always looking for tips, and provided excellent service to those who tipped heavily, which was not the case at the other hotels. The hotel also seems to want to charge for every additional service they provided - you even have to pay over 100 dhirams every visit just to use the Spa.We received outstanding customer service at the other hotels we stayed at, against which Atlantis did not come close. The location of the other hotels was much better for Malls and Resturants as well. My recommendation if your going to Dubai with Kids is stay at the Jumeirah beach hotel, they are much more child friendly and the facilities are much better.	
Sep 4 2009 	A great place to stay with the family	We recently came back from a week long stay at the Atlantis and were more than happy with the resort. It my not be a five star in the sense of The Chedi Hotels, but for a family holiday you could not ask for more. We have two children, 11 and 14 and they absolutely loved it, so much so they want to book again to go back there next year. The hotel is pretty much geared towards families and there's plenty to keep the kids amused all day. The Aqua Park is free to hotel guests and is fantastic fun and very safe. We paid a little extra for the half board option and saved a small fortune. We mostly ate at the Kaleidoscope restaurant for breakfast and dinner (all included) and we never had one bad meal. The food was all served buffet style and was hot, fresh and chefs were waiting to cook anything extra you may want. There tends to be a queue for Breakfast but it soon goes down and we only waited max of about 15 minutes and that was when the hotel was pretty much full.We spent the week lounging around the Royal Pool and it was fantastic. The kids could just go off and do what they liked as there were so many lifeguards and security people to keep an eye on them. I would not recommend going in the sea as it was full of jelly fish and a few people had been stung during our stay.The Lost Chambers is also worth a visit, again free if you are a hotel guest. The kids loved it and so did the adults!Happy hour was from 9pm till 11pm at Nasimi Bar (far end of the resort) and is a fantastic bar, right on the beach, with giant Fatboy beanbags to slough on with your beer and a view out over the palm and the lights of Dubai.We stayed in the Atlantis family suite and it was very nice. The housekeeping was fantastic with as many towels as you needed, changed each day and clean bedding each day too, plus as much bottled water as you like. We never left the Atlantis for that week, but if you wish too, it is not expensive to catch a cab to the malls, or catch the monorail down the Palm.Drinks and food during the day and night were not expensive, but probably on par with a nice pub here, even better on happy hour! All in all I would definitely recommend this to families, maybe not for a couple who wish to relax and chill for a week, for that maybe try The Chedi in Muscat.	
Sep 3 2009 	EXCELLENT HOLIDAY FANTASTIC HOTEL	I was worried about the reviews before we left but it was amazing.Its a bit like the Venetian in Las Vegas, lots of marbel, loud in colour and very big.We went to the Burg Al Arab for lunch it is tacky looking and not what we expected not a 7 star. The Atlantis looks much better. We will be going back and had a great deal Upper class with virgin.FOOD. We paid half board which is a must as it is expensive, it cost us an extra £300.00 each for 2 weeks with Virgin. We found the Saffron the best, it's a buffet with all types of food:Chinese, Indian, Sushi, lots of different types of Fish, English, and much more.The breakfast starts from 6.30-11.30am. Evening meal starts at 6pm -12.30am.With the half board you can have breakfast and lunch or breakfast and evening meal. CLEANLINESS: It was spotlessSTAFF: Very polite and helpful, we always tipped them they are on very low money so I think we should tip.POOLS: The Royal pool is open until 10pm every evening, which overlooks the beach, lots of life guards all sunbeds have their own towels and a canapy, it's wonderful CABBANNAS/GAZEBO: They cost £28.00 per day and they have tables and chairs in bean bags a fan and the staff fill a cooler box with bottled water all day included in the price, this works out as a good deal as it's so hot.ROOMS: Excellent, spotless cleaned daily, marble bathrooms comfortable beds, lovely decor.GYM: Open from 6am until 10pm it was lovely.WATERPARK: Excellent the kids loved itDOLPHINS: Only half an hour with them but worth it, photos with the dolphins are expensive its cheaper to buy the C.D it costs £100.00.KIDS CLUB: Very expensive it cost us £600.00 each child for 2 weeks, they were in there from 8pm-11pm.WEATHER: Very hot in the 40's.DESERT SAFARI: 54 degrees, great if you like travelling across the desert for an hour and a half, the camels were good, food not good but thats not what we went for, it's a must, the whole trip takes about 6 hours.SHOPPING: The Dubai mall id the biggest in the world and the best in Dubai but it's no cheaoer then U.K.	
Sep 2 2009 	Waste of money	Usually stay at the One and Only! Wish we had on this occasion!We stayed with our children a teenager and 6year old.Very busy resort, poor service, terrible response to concerns:i.e £2300.00 eing deducted from our credit card for security - despite what others may say this was non-negoitiable! Even if we siad we wanted to pay everything in cash!At one of the pools there was no pool - side service had to walk across resort to the other bar order and collect our own drinks.Restaurants can use x2 ezxcellent choice of asian cuisine, oriental and indian little for the youner palate unless you wish to pay in addition to your half board supplement!Restaurants required a reservation - still a 10-20 minute minimum queue ensued, no order to organisation.Staff were harassed notably because there were few of them (workforce depleted by 50% we were told), hotel was fully booked vacant rooms had been sold to 'budget holiday companies'Did not expect 2* standard in what cannot e a 5* resort, and I have stayed in a few. Never have I been so disappointed for my children, and myself that we wasted £8000.00 on what was a sub standard holiday.	
Sep 2 2009 	Wow With a twist!	We have stayed all around the world, staying at the Atlantis was very nice. Our first room was infested with ant's due to the heat!!! so we were move to suite which was very lovely fresh fruit and bottled water every day. The food was nice plenty of choice however very expensive!! We were half board so not to bad for use as we had paid upfront. We rang for room service as the children had come down with flu like symptoms, my son ordered chip's which cost 45 AED which was about £8.00, drink's around the pool were 25 AED which worked out at £4.00/£4.50 that was for a coke. So take a bottle of water with you!The water park was great for the children and very safe with life guard all around the rappids and the pools, the water was not deep and again very safe. The hotel was very big, you never seen the same people twice! Very clean as we thought until both the children came down with viral infections and had to spend all day at the hospital, consultant gave my granson tamiflu and a swine flu leaflet saying they have lot's of cases!!! we spent 3 day in our room, we are not sure if they picked it up from the Royal beach water edge or from the water park! We will never know, I will say you must be careful with the water inside the water park and at the beach. I have came back with flu like symtoms, so I fear there is something in the water or and the air!!! as we went out there all very healthy and came back all very pooly!!! however I have never stayed in a hotel like it!! with all the activities and every thing at hand you dont have to leave the hotel if you dont want to, you can spent a whole week just looking around the hotel grounds.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent time had by all	First of all, the Atlantis looks amazing. It's a little way out but it's worth the journey. The hotel is very clean - you see people constantly cleaning all the time. The staff were incredibly friendly. The facilities are fantastic. The pools were lovely and the Aquaventure park and Lost Chambers (inclusive for hotel guests) were enjoyed by all. The aquarium is stunning and if you have the money to spend, the shops are great too.All in all, we had a fabulous time. Our kids (8 and 4 years old) loved going to the pools and the Aquaventure park whenever they felt like it. One pool was open until 10pm (8.30pm for the other), the water park was open late too, which made balancing activities a lot easier.My only minor gripe was the expense of dinner at the restaurants, but that didn't matter as we ate out most nights. Breakfast was included with our room and the food at Saffron (mixture buffet of Indian, Chinese, Japanese, American/British food + cakes, pastries, chocolate fountains etc) served us well for breakfast and lunch in one. The other breakfast option of Kaleidescope has a smaller range but is no less impressive.The rooms were a good size and well spec'd - we had a balcony with loungers overlooking one of the pools, which was great. Other facilities included a conference centre, business centre, and a great gym.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Dubai. It suits families, couples and business people alike.	
Sep 2 2009 	Overpriced and overrated!!	I am going to be completely honest here, and i know everybody's review is personal to themselves, but here goes.....My family and i were really looking fwd to out 4 day trip to the Atlantis, as we are seasoned travellers to Dubai. The kids love the place, i love the weather and the glamourous nature of the luxury hotels etc.When we were driving up to the hotel, i felt no rush of excitement. as i have previously..just disappointment! Maybe because it is relatively new, it just felt not finished off. Before arrival, i emailed the hotel explaining that we had three small children, and if they had any availabily to keep a room for us on arrival at 7am in the morning, i would be very grateful. When we walked into the reception area, it was packed!! You couldn't move! My husband waited 50 minutes to get checked in, and suprise suprise, we didn't get a room, but funnily enough, my husbands parents did, and so did a few others! We just used their room to get changed in, until i realised that my suitcase was missing, and we had received two bags that weren't ours!!It took 3hrs to locate everything.When we choose to go away, we do not wish to holiday at 5 star hotels, in dubai, with people dressed in football shirts and lager louts. Unfortunately, this is what this hotel is....a package holiday resort. The rooms are ok, but nothing special, the restaurants are tremendously expensive, (went to nobu and this cost us £250 for the two of us!!) and drinks are ridiculously priced. The water park is the best thing, but not better than wild wadi.If you are thinking of going, stay somewhere on the Jumeirah side, honestly, i'm not joking, far better views, service etc.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fab hotel	We went to Atlantis with some trepidation as some of the reviews were pretty negative.Admittedly when we arrived at 10am in the morning we hoped that we would be lucky and get checked in although to be fair we had been told that you could not check in until 2pm. We were unlucky and did not get our room until 2.30pm but to be fair we were asked if we wanted our swimming stuff so that we could use the pool/aquaventure and we decided not to...in hindsight we probably should have so that we could have spent the afternoon in the sunshine. The hospitality room is great though, free snacks and drinks, TV etc. We went and explored the shops and the Lost Chambers which wiled away the time.We came across the Director of Guest Services and she was upset that we had not got our room on time....she was absolutely fantastic and sorted us out in mega quick time, we also got upgraded as compensation and the room was AMAZING!!The hotel was spotless, people continuously cleaning, the staff were so polite, always a 'Good Morning' or a 'Good Afternoon', Aquaventure was great and you needed to be in the water most of the time as it was hot, hot ,hot. Food was great, as much and whatever you wanted. Our two boys loved Club Rush with the PS3s, XBOXs, Imacs, Wiis etc. they made some great friends and it got them out of the sun for a couple of hours each day.I really do think that some people have to moan for the sake of it, hence the negative comments on tripadvisor.I would recommend this hotel to anyone with kids..maybe not for couples, but even so the bars (although expensive) are fabulous and very decadent and there are enough restaurants for every budget. The spa was beautiful. The ice cream parlour is FABULOUS and the guys in there are very entertaining!!I would definitely recommend this hotel, it is large and some people have said that it is very busy and noisy, maybe we were lucky but it certainly was neither when we went, it was absolutely perfect. FANTASTIC!!!!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Fun glitzy over the top - not a luxury boutiqe hotel but great in its own way	We stayed two nights at the Atlantis. The hotel is glitzy in a Vegas way. Check in was quick and efficient - they could have given us better orientation information but perhaps with such a big hotel it is better to give you a map and let you wander, especially given that there are staff about every 5 metres who will direct you.The room was nice enough, decent bath and shower, comfortable bed, good TV, small balcony with ocean views. We agreed with other reviews that it could have been a bit cleaner, but it was fine. The real attractions for us were the aquarium and waterpark which are both really great.We liked Levantine which serves excellent Lebanese food for reasonable price (£20 a head for set menu with way too much food). We also ate at the Locatelli restaurant - the food there was no better than Pizza Express and was shockingly expensive for the low quality. Don't go there.It's not a place to go for a cultural experience but it is a great place for a bit of fun and relaxation.We had a good deal on B&amp;B rate of less than £70 per room per night. The rack rate is above £300 which would make this a very expensive stay and not value for money.	
Aug 31 2009 	Useless Place	It is not what you expect from a 5* rated property. I had gone to celebrate my wife's birthday and had requested for a cake as a surprise fro her. The cake came in 3 hrs after we had checked into the room. The employess helping customers in the lobby could have been trained better. The employees attending to us at the Lebanese restaurant were extremely rude. The only thing good about this place is the quality of the Food/Drinks and the location. A complete overall of the way the employees treat you at the hotel is required. I never ventured in to the Aquaventure (it was included in the room tarrif) as I had heard horreid stories of the way the slides have been maintained. And to top it up I was charged AED 50 as car handling charges even though I spend a night at this place.	
Aug 30 2009 	would not consider it a five star	We stayed for six nights and were expecting top class service from this new five star. What we got was a mix of good and bad. Our first night was good with the staff being very attentive but it went downhill from there. We received a fruit bowl which was never replenished although we got to look at our neighbours mouldy fruit that was left outside their room all day by the cleaning staff!, we had to ask to get the minibar filled up (was completely empty!) and did not have fresh water every day in the room as stated. The light in the shower went out and we had to wait 24 hours for it to be fixed and the toiletries were not always refilled. The rooms were very nice thoughand reasonably clean. We had to queue for breakfast most days which was a bit annoying,The other irritating part about this hotel was the total lack of adherence to dress codes-we did not enjoy watching other guests wandering around the hotel wearing swimwear or dressing gowns from the rooms! The water park was great but very busy in the afternoon. Overall a great holiday if you have children but not somewhere if you don't or are looking for a bit of luxoury.	
Aug 29 2009 	Fantasic AWESOME Can't wait to return.	I am a single mother and have just returned from Atlantis with my 11 year old daughter. We stayed for 5 nights and had the most fantastic trip ever. Having booked the hotel I was a little worried about some of the negative comments on here, but I needn't have worried the holiday was perfect from start to finish. I can understand why some people compare the hotel to Vegas, it is a vast hotel, if you are looking for small and intimate then this is not for you, you are unlikely to make new lifelong friends in this hotel as you never see the same people twice.We checked in at 8.00pm, there were no queues and we were immediately welcomed by warm friendly reception staff. Rooms were spotless, cleaned everyday, and housekeeping called again every evening to see if we required any fresh towels or anything else, There was fresh fruit in the room when we arrived and 2 large bottles of water put in everyday. The mini bar IS expensive, but find me one that isn't, there are shops and bars downstairs however for cheaper drinks and snacks. Every member of staff we came into contact with went out of their wat to be friendly and helpful.Both my daughter and I loved the aquapark which is free as hotel guests, and the dolphin interaction (for which you pay extra) was an amazing experience.The food is expensive too, my daughter loved Saffrons, the buffet restaurant, we had read breakfast was expensive and took a couple of boxes of cereal bars with us and as we are quite late risers, this kept us going with a cup of coffee and a piece of fruit until lunchtime!!If you are looking to see a more cultural side of Dubai then perhaps this hotel is not for you, but if you want luxury, fun, sun and great food then I would highly recomend it. We both had the time of our lives.(The beaches are beautiful, but there are reported Jelly fish incidents, but with so many pools, plus the aquapark, you can have plenty of water fun without going in the sea)	
Aug 28 2009 	Well be back next year!	Have just returned from 5 nights at the Atlantis. Best holiday ever- After reading some of the comments on tripadvisor was open minded before we went, I was a bit worried as it was an expensive 5 day trip-paid £2300 for 5 nights Half Board (Destinology)but I can honestly say it was money well spent. No queue at check in-was given a room within 5 mins of arriving, in West wing in a deluxe room overlooking the swimming pool/beach.Lovely room, with 2 Queen size beds, plenty of room.We had a choice of 5 restaurants to eat in on the Half Board option. Fantastic breakfast &amp; ate every night in Kaleidoscope Restaurant as we enjoyed it so much. We went to the Waterpark every day, which suited us as I got to sunbathe/swim &amp; go on rides whilst my husband &amp; 10 yr old daughter stayed on the reides/lazy river all day! It was so convenient having the waterpark there-you didnt even have to walk there, they took you on a golf buggy ! (The waterpark would have cost £100 a day). We drank in happy hour each night which was different times in the different bars.We bought some drinks for our room from Duty Free on arriving at the airport which was a good idea, tip for next time is to take lemonade etc-was spending £2.50 on cans of 7up.We charged everything to our room over the 6 days and our bill was £200 which wasnt too bad. Food is relatively cheap in waterpark-approx £1.20 for french fries. Looking forward to the monorail being fully operational when we go back next year. All in all a fanastic holiday that we couldnt fault!	
Aug 24 2009 	Did not want to come home	I read all the negative comments on this hotel which made me uncertain about my choice but have just returned from 4 fabulous nights there.Rooms are lovely with a good supply of toiletries and a bowl of fresh fruit which is replenished every day along with large bottles of complementary water. The hotel is spotlessly clean and all the staff are very helpful, the food was excellent in all the restaurants that we tried.Lovely peaceful beach no shortage of sunbeds or beach towels, the water is warm and clear, I did get stung one day by a jelly fish but the life guard and paramedic were with me in minutes to treat the sting.The drinks were not expensive and at happy hour every evening were cheaper than in my own local very nice glass of wine only £3.I am not really a water park person but am so glad I spent one afternoon there can’t remember when I have had so much fun and they are very safety conscience lots of lifeguards.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great for young kids.	Check in took half an hour but with a small complaint we were upgraded to a regal suite which was lovely with great views. Stunning lobby but a bit tacky if you're just looking for a luxury break. Pool was situated well, shaded at the right times and not too deep for the kids. Definitely got that &quot;Wow&quot; factor if you're looking to stay just one or 2 nights, might get a bit too much for any longer.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great for kids	Atlantis,Dubai.13.8.9-21.8.9 2 adults and 4 children (4,8,15 and 18)I was going to do a 100 page review,but was told by the Mrs to just do a basic one,so here it is.......At the airport our cars were over a hour late,and at 7am could not get through to that company,thanks best at travel !!!Check in,we were well before the 2pm check in,the hotel tried there hardest to get our 2 rooms asap,we were in our rooms for about 11.30.Rooms ok,clean tidy etc.Poolside,book a cabana for your full stay,only 82 for the whole day (IC rate) this includes 12 bottles of water cold wipes kids toys.Service at the poolside is very very slow,my advise is give them a 100 or 2 on your first day,and they will look after you.The service in Saffron was terrible.worse than school days ! Again I myself would rather eat elsewhere.Food in general is good.Yes things are expensive,but I notice most of the people who moaned about the cost knew what the prices are,simple don’t go ! Beer is NOT £25 a pint like some people say,it costs just £8 and three bars do a happy hour,50% off,also IC offers free drinks between 6pm and 8pm Dolphins,again a tad on the expensive side,special offer at the moment of just 525 for the shallow water,pictures cost us 1000 !!! this was for 6 photos 1 frame and a poster plus all the pictures on a disc.Keep an eye on your bill as they have a bad habit of adding things to it,they added internet at 300,this is free on IC basis,took them 5 days to take it off !!Kids club,mad.....cost us 380 for 2 hours !!! Club rush (12-17) just 35 but free (IC basis) in the day.Waterpark,good if you like that sort of thing,and the kids loved it.All in all it was a good holiday,more so for the kids not the adults,would we go again,yes but only if the kids were with us.In general it is expensive which I only moaned at once (dolphin pix) but I knew the cost of food drinks etc before we went,if you cant afford it don't moan and don't go !Simples.	
Aug 20 2009 	Atlantis or..titanic	it has been a sort of two days nightmare the ones just spent there , but it was a promise surpirse for my daughter's birthday and we stick to it.Coming from the quitely atmosphere of Grosvenor House once we reached this sort of caravanserraglio we were shocked by the sense of Las Vegast Kitschy no service look we found .It was my daughter's birthday, I informed the hotel by mail before coming and I reinded them when I checked in but of course noone remembered, not even a piece of paper wishing her happy birthday. The Hotel is a huge structure made with what it looks as a just profit idea, all elements , decoration , services, staff are really low quality minded , remarkably in a town as Dubai where service is normally king.Rooms are poorly furnished and unsufficiently sound proofed , personal are quite unusufficient in terms of numbers and of professionality. Prices for everything here are quite high compared to the service and quality you are paying for .It is hard for me to understand how serious chefs as Santi Santamaria, Nobu and Giorgio Locatelli may have accepted (money doesn't smell) to put their name and their menus...in such a circusYes there is a nice children minded aquapark (my daughter and us enjoyed it very much ) but it is more adviceable to stay in another structure and just come and spend one day at their aquaventure without having the harassment to stay in a place where the only good feeling you get when you leave.Yes there is a huge acquarium inside that makes everybody say WOW but that s all the rest is purely a sense of nothing filled with tasteless objets.They called it Atlantis , better would have been Titanic,both have to do with the water but the latter one describes better the feeling	
Aug 20 2009 	Amazing resort	Here's a review from a working-middle class Scot, who by his own admission is tight with his cash, but does enjoy a bit of luxury!I paid more for my trip than I would a normal holiday and was worried by the variance in opinion for this hotel. First of all, this is luxury meets Disneyland and bizarrely combines sophistication and class with a very laid back feel. If you want exotic go to the Maldives. If you want 'posh' and pandering to your every whim try the Burj al Arab. (If you don't like clothes on balconies (as some reviews state) get a grip!)In summary, the hotel is stunning. Yip, it's a tourist arraction too, is a little busy at times, but take it as a compliment. The waterpark is tremendous and safety is a high priority here, on the beach and at the pool - lifeguards galore. Staff at the hotel are very attentive, pleasant and sincere. Yes, sometimes you need to ask for things to be done - personally I prefer this as opposed to the in-your-face, looking-for-a-tip type service which does nothing other than annoy me. There are moans about slow service, however this is a combination of the relaxed attitude of staff and the nonsense some guests are wanting them to do. We had to wait 6 hours for our room (arrived at 7am), but the hospitality suite was great - free snacks, UK newspapers (for that day), immaculate shower/changing area, seats to catch up on some sleep.Rooms are very nice. I was in a deluxe room, which was the most basic. Probably, stayed in 'nicer', but this was more than adequate. Good size (although some people said too small if you had kids), well equipped, huge bed, comfortable, lovely bathroom. Cleaned twice a day.Potential downside is on-site costs. I got a great half-board deal which made value for money excellent. However, if you are looking to eat dinner at one of the buffet restaurants you are looking at £40 per head per night (breakfast is about £25). This is in fact good value for what you get (the food was amazing), but remember to factor this cost before you go or book. On-site soft drinks are not cheap, but about what you'd expect. Alcohol, likewise - bit more than UK prices. Mini-bar - total rip off, but show me one that isn't!So why are some people complaining? This place IS luxury, but perhaps of a different sort. As I said before, it's relaxed. If you are looking for the silver spoon service you may feel let down. I did hear a number of guests complaining: it was too hot - Dubai in August normally is; pool too busy - coollest place about; jellifish in the sea - that's where they live. Others may disagree, but attitude has a lot to do with the overall experience.Oh and a tip - pineapple ice-lollies are free! I did not learn this until my second last day - gee, the additional value for money I could squeezed out of that had I known! Feel free to ask any other questions. I loved this place, the food and the people and would definately go back - assuming I got a good deal...but then that's how I shop!	
Aug 18 2009 	A brilliant hotel and can't wait to return!	I stayed 3 nights at the Atlantis in August with my husband. We checked in very late (2am) so check in was very quiet and took only 5 mins to get us sorted. We stayed in a deluxe room in the West Tower with a very big balcony and had lovely views over one of the swimming pools and the Dubai shoreline. The room was fantastic, very spacious with flat screen TV, iPod docking station, huge king size bed, huge bathroom with lovely amenities, ironing board, hairdryer and a safe. It was very clean and comfortable although the balcony was very dusty as were the sunloungers and table but not really something to complain about.Breakfast was included in our rate so we dined in the Saffron restaurant. The choice was unbelievable and it was very tasty, I have never seen such a spread for breakfast and there is even a chocolate fountain!! The only downside to this was as the hotel was full we had to queue for a table (about 15 mins). The chefs did come down the queue offering croissants and pastries to the guests but it was still disappointing that we had to wait. Everybody has to declare their room number on entering the restaurant which has to be checked on the computer so this seemed to result in the queues. Something needs to be done by the hotel to stop this from happening as its not what you would expect of a 5 star hotel.We spent the majority of our stay in Aquaventure which is free to all hotel guests so we took advantage of that. What is even better is that you can charge all drinks/food etc in the park to your hotel room so you don't need to worry about carrying money around. The waterpark is great fun, especially as the temperature was in the high 40 degrees. The slides are great fun as is floating around in rubber rings on the rapids that circle the park. The shark attack and leap of faith are 2 slides which have exits through a fish tank including sharks and rays and is pretty spectacular and a definite must. On Thursdays in the summer the park is open until midnight culminating in a massive firework display which is amazing and well worth seeing.The Lost Chambers are well worth a visit as again this is free for hotel guests. The amount of fish on display is amazing and I never got tired of watching the fish. There is even a whale shark! Amazing. The area did get pretty crowded though as this section of the hotel is open to non-hotel guests but does quieten down in the evening.There are a huge number of restaurants in the hotel and we chose to eat in Levantine which is a lebanese. We opted for a buffet which was great value for money as the a la carte menus in all the restaurants were pretty pricey. I also sampled the room service, and again, although pricey, was very tasty.There are 2 pools in the hotel grounds with plenty of sun loungers although some more shaded areas wouldn't go a miss. The sun loungers have their own shades but don't offer that much shade to be honest. Drinks around the pool were expensive about £3/4 for a pepsi! I think that free water and cold towels should be on offer to guests as other top end hotels do.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay in the hotel and we will definitely be returning. The staff were friendly and helpful and although the food and drink was expensive, we had lots of fun and for us that was the main thing!	
Aug 17 2009 	What a let down!	We stayed at the Atlantis for the last 2 nights of our holiday, having spent 8 nights at the Dar al Maysaf. Firstly the hotel, which looks stunning in photos and from a distance is actually an eyesore close up - a huge pink tower block, with adornments of guest's swimwear nicely displayed on the balconies!!Check in is a nightmare, the lobby is huge but there is no clear signage as to where to check in and the staff are no where near as friendly, professional or approachable as the Jumeriah complex! I was hard pushed to see any member of staff smiling. As per other reviews our room was not ready until about 3pm. Our room was very nice but not clean - very dusty, with a recent showering of smarties left on the floor. Oh and several hairs in the bath tub! Our room also did not get cleaned until 4pm on both days.The pool areas were very busy with constant bassy music playing - very distracting if you just wanted to lie back and relax! There are no parasols, only sun loungers (not very comfortable) with attached shades, however these dont really provide enough shade. Also the pool was really quite chilled. Yes it very hot, but with the pool at the Dar al Maysaf it was refreshing to get in to but the Atlantis pools were a bit too chilled.On the up side the aquarium and Lost Chambers in the hotel are very good - although outside visitors mean the hotel is always busy. Aquaventure, the water park was very good, I would say has the edge over Wild Wadi.If you like big, brass, loud and busy hotels - knock yourself out, if you prefer the opposite - please try the Dar al Maysaf or Al Qasr!	
Aug 17 2009 	A MUST...	Very mixed reviews about the ATLANTIS on t.a.we went with friends for a 3 day get away and we were blown away.ok it is crazy in reception -{but its huge the hotel} but the rest was awesome.you must remeber this hotel caters really for familys hence the Aquadventure which was amazing...its not a honeymoon spot hence -quiet.we have been to Dubai several times and stayed at the one and only.....al quasr...and the desert retreat Al Maha which was just unreal...different hotels for different types of holidays.People saying its to expensive the food in the hotel...dont understand that,,...anyway just jump in a taxi and go to Madinet souk...they have many restaurants with all different types of prices...we had a great time and the Aquarium was just unbelievable....its a must...!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Awful service amd not worth staying there but great to come and visit for the day!	We had an awful experience at the Atlantis. We had booked two rooms, one which was given to us on time and the other was given to us at 8:30pm-which basically meant that we missed half a day of having our room. The worst thing was, nobody informed us that our second room was even ready and when we went to complain the manager said it was ready at 5pm, so I was like why didnt you call us/leave a message, he had no answer!! Our check out time was increased, which was nice of the hotel. We came back from a day out only to find somebody else (another guest) in our room, WITH OUR BELONGINGS IN THERE! I am just amazed how a 5* can allow this to occur, we were lucky that the guest had not taken anything/rooted through our belongings, but this was just awful. The manager's response to this awful experience was: &quot;we are currently in a recession and have had to drop our rates&quot;-basically saying the service is not up to standard because of this recession, what rubbish!! The waterpark is great, I think if your not a guest its around £35-200dh. We ate at the buffet restaurant i think it was called kalaedascope?! But it was great, really worth it and not that expensive. I would not recommend anyone to stay here, the rooms aren't even that great to be honest..but i would come for the day, well worth a visit!!Also, be aware that the hotel is on the palm, not a great deal to do/eat, but it only costs like £4 to get off the island but then extra to go from Jumeriah to wherever you want to go!	
Aug 17 2009 	FANTASTIC TIME - AMAZING RESORT!!	We finished our first trip in Dubai with a couple of days at Atlantis &amp; WOW!! We arrived at approx 11.30 and our room wasn't available - check in was quick &amp; the staff helpful &amp; we were told that they would try &amp; make the room available ASAP. Shorlty after 13.00 I went back to enquire on the progress &amp; the room allocated still wasn't available but they offered us an alternative room - I asked for one overlooking the pool &amp; that wasn't a problem. We had booked an Atlantis room which are on floors 5 &amp; above &amp; we were allocated one on the eighth floor of the West Tower with an amazing view over the pool area! Luggage was brought promptly &amp; we were given an induction to the room by the bell boy. The hotel itself is fabulous &amp; the glass sculpture in the lobby stunning! The aquarium is at the East tower of the hotel &amp; also quite a feature but fairly busy. I noticed that the lobby &amp; aquarium areas were particularly busy during the day but a lot quieter in the evenings which I assumed was due to the fact there were alot of non-residents during the daytime just in for a look around. The staff however are fairly strict on access &amp; ask for proof of residency to access a number of areas including the pool/outside areas. The Lost Chambers is complimentary to residents &amp; passes 30 minutes (we done this while waiting for the room). The Water Park is good fun - compared to a normal pool - and passes the day fairly quickly. It is also manned with a significant number of lifeguards so is very safe even though none of the water is particularly deep anyway. Queue for the Leap of Faith - not surprisingly - was very long and in addition to this there are about 4 water coasters (like the one in Disney's Typhoon lagoon) but they're all very similar &amp; another flume ride that exits into the aquarium. There are also rapids &amp; a couple of routes round the lazy river - one with waves which is really fun! It's very handy that as a resident you can charge everything to your room so no need to carry any cash at all! The water park can be quite a trek back to the hotel but if you're lucky enough you may get picked up by the helpful staff in the little golf buggies!! We had dinner in Saffron (Buffet restaurant) which was superb - variety was amazing, everything from Lobster, Oysters &amp; Sushi to British, Chinese or Indian fare, not to mention the selection of sweets &amp; the chocolate fountain - quite literally something for everyone!! We also had breakfast in Saffron which again was super - great selection - only thing lacking was the service..I'm still waiting on the pot of coffee!! We also ate at sharkbites in the waterpark - very good burger &amp; fried chicken for about £10 each but £7 for a &quot;tuna&quot; baguette was ridiculous - it was half a baguette &amp; the tuna was spead thinner than a layer of butter!! Another good feature is the hospitality lounge where you can check in after check out &amp; still use the hotel facilities as well as having shower facilities to freshen up, tea/coffee/water &amp; snacks and a lounge/rest area to relax in if you have a late flight. A good selection of shops but none particularly busy except for the souvenir shop as the majority are fairly high end jewellery stores! We also liked the fact that altough the pool closed at a particular time &amp; lifeguards went off duty you could still use it in the late evening if you wanted. Overall fantastic, fun, beautiful hotel &amp; I would definintely return - yes it's expensive but that's to be expected!	
Aug 16 2009 	Didn't meet my expectation	After spending the most 10 wonderful nights at the One and Only Royal Mirage, we transferred to the Atlantis for our last 4 days and from the minute we arrived it was a disappointment. After having the most wonderful and attentive service for 10 days it was a shock to arrive at such a busy and unorganised reception. We had to wait 40 minutes to check in and from then on it was an up and down experience. The hotel is very unpersonal and the staff are not attentive like at the One and Only. It is very overpriced and like a previous person mentioned, it is full of chavs. We were used to paying a lot for wine and drinks at One and Only, but at the Atlantis it is overpriced and they are always trying to make you buy more. The lunch especially at the pool/beach bar was very expensive and poor quality. The main issue for me is that you had to pay for water around by the pool, which was free at the One and Only. One small bottle of water was £3 and in the heat of 40 degrees plus you would've thought that it was in the hotel's interest to keep you hydrated. The food in the italian restaurant was particularly expensive, especially when they overcharged our party of friends and children by £50. There are a few good things. The aqua park is fun and the firework night on a Thursday is excellent. The hotel rooms were nice too. I would not recommend you go to this hotel unless you are happy to be sat around a pool cramped alongside lots of people. The Saffron restaurant was like a Butlins restaurant or as our friend said 'a staff canteen'. The breakfast was excellent with lots of choice, but again no personal service. If you didn't set your alarm and get down to breakfast for 9 am then you were in for a long queue. Glad we tried it for the children's sake, but won't be returning. They need to sort out their service if they want repeat business. We were a party of 8 adults and 6 children and none of us will return.	
Aug 16 2009 	Always stay at the Jumeriah Beach ?  dont try the Atlantis !!	My Family and I have stayed at the Jumeriah Beach in Dubai for the last 6 years. We love the service and the emphasis and effort they put into providing for families with small children. However this year we thought we would break with tradition and try the new Atlantis at the Palm. Well what can I say, its an impressive hotel and has everything it says in the brochure, ie fish tanks, dolphin bay and a large water park. needless to say my family ( incl my 8 year old son ) were expecting to be overwhelmed and given that the service at the Jumeriah has been fantastic over the years, our expectations were high. We booked an imperial club room for 12 days.BUT.. and here comes the but.. !! when we arrived early in the morning, due to the early fight, we were informed our room was not ready ....and thats fine because we expected this to be the case, however we were curtly informed that if we wanted breakfast we would need to pay for it. Again this is not unreasonable, but given our flight going home was also very early and therefore we would miss breakfast on our departure, my husband and I were slightly miffed that a) she felt the need to point this out to us after an 7 hour flight and initial arrival and b) since were not going to have breakfast when we left then there was no way i was going to pay £80.00 for some toast.This set the tone for the 12 days holiday, EVERYTHING that we had come to take advantage of , at the Jumeriah, ie free water in the room etc had a bill attached to it.For those of you with children under the age of 12, dont think about a nice meal at the Nobu Japanese restaurant, as they will not allow kids under this age. Most of the hotel restaurants dictated that men had to wear closed shoes and shirts. My husband wears a shirt and brogues to work every day of the week and was looking forward to the casual look, ie flip flops and shorts.For families, who use the kids club , it is not free ,and its not cheap. Its also located inside the hotel, unlike the Jumeriah ,whereby your kids have their own pool and are out and about enjoying the sunshine. There is no kids pool as such, and I suspect , they think all children will spend their days at the water park, which is fine but perhaps not great for the parents who would like the choice to stay by the hotel pool.Dolphin bay was expensive with a £300.00 tag for my husband, my 8 year old and myself for a 30 mins session. I felt as though we were paying far too much, despite the fact that the bay was very well done.If you are not booking imperial lounge/rooms and you aRe opting for the standard room, then be prepared to que for breakfast in the morning. I could not believe the que of families waiting to be seated every morning. In a 5 star hotel I would not expect this.Overall, service was not great around the pool and the room cleaning had a lot to be desired. Very expensive and no real thought , with regards to small children. IF YOU ARE THINKING OF SWITCHING FROM THE JUMERIAH, TO THE ATLANTIS...DON'T' DO IT !!, IT DOESNT HAVE A PATCH ON THE JUMERIAH BEACH. AND IF YOU ARE A FIRST TIMER TO DUBAI.. MAKE SURE YOU TAKE A FAT WALLETT OF YOU HAVE BOOKED THE ATLANTIS.P.S the views are not s good either , if you are facing the concrete monorail.	
Aug 16 2009 	Ossiano was fabulous	We did not stay at Atlantis, but went for dinner at Ossiano. First of all, the restaurant is just spectacular with the floor to ceiling windows to the aquarium allowing you to watch rays, a whale shark, and thousands of other spectacular fish, swim by as you eat. The background music is at a perfect level, allowing the food and the surroundings to be the main emphasis of the evening.We ordered the 14-course tapas menu, and each course was spectacular, in presentation, quality of ingredients, and taste. I can only imagine the fun that Santi Santamaria must have in dreaming up some of the food pairings, but his artistry and expertise are unquestionable. Sensational tapas.The staff at Ossiano must also be highly commended. Everyone we dealt with; the receptionist, the restaurant manager, the sommelier, and the waiting staff, were professional, friendly and helpful, and really made the evening special.I cannot emphasise sufficiently the peaceful atmosphere that diners experience in Ossiano. Obviously the elegance of the rays, and all the other fish in the aquarium contributes to this; as does the restaurant's policy of no children younger than 12 years of age (a masterly stroke!). I was very much looking forward to eating at Ossiano, being a huge Santi Santamaria fan, but the evening exceeded even my wildest expectations.	
Aug 15 2009 	Pure luxury!	I stayed at the Atlantis hotel for 13 nights with my husband and our two young children, this was the best 5 star hotel we have stayed in. The staff were wonderful especially with the children, we were half board which i would recommend as eating in the restaurants was expensive, saffron was our favourite of the restaurants and the kids loved the huge selection of sweets, ice creams, cakes and the chocolate fountain!In summary i would recommend this hotel especially to famillies, we shall be going back again next year... can't wait.	
Aug 15 2009 	Are you sure you can afford it?	We booked this place quite simply because it was cheap. We got an unbeatable last minute deal on Amazon, which meant we got to stay in one of the best hotels in the world for 100 quid a night. However, I wish we hadn't.Yes the accommodation was cheap, but we couldn't afford to eat or drink anything in the hotel! Even the mini bar was out of our price range. I'm talking 8 quid for a packed of crisps. And because of its location you can't just wander to another hotel/restaurant.	
Aug 15 2009 	Over-rated over-priced and terrible service	We stayed for one night for a special occassion. We chose Atlantis so we could use the water park and see what all the hype was about. What we liked:The room was lovely and had a nice sea view.I liked how the screens from the bathroom folded back so you could relax in the tub and watch the tv.Aqua venture was fun and was very handy having it attached to the hotel.The food in Locatelli's was lovely.What we didn't like:Everything is extremely overpriced. We live in Dubai and are used to expensive food and drinks but Atlantis takes prices to the extreme. There were a lot of hidden charges - when we checked out we were told we had to pay an extra 300 dhs for taxes etc, which are normally included in the room rate in other hotels in Dubai. We also had to pay 50dhs to get our car from the valet despite having spent over 2000dhs on a one night stay!The service at the bars around the pool was dreadful. It took ages to get served and then ages again to get the drinks. We actually walked out once we were so sick of waiting. At another pool bar we ordered some food and waited 40mins for it to come only to find half of the order was missing. They did give us our drinks free with the meal though to make up for this. The downstairs part of the hotel was open to the public and very crowded with people who were not staying at the hotel taking pictures. All dressed up to go to the very expensive and supposedly exclusive restaurant Locatelli's and it felt like walking through a mall. There were obviously some good deals on in England at the moment as there were a lot of very loud British 'charves' who spoiled our quiet time around the pool.The aquarium The Lost Chambers was really just a collection of fish tanks. There was no information on the walls to say what the fish were or anything and there were some huge fish in tiny cages. They also still have Sammy the whale shark who they said they would release to the wild but are yet to do so so I don't think animal welfare is very important to them. There are a lot of better hotels to stay in at Dubai that are much classier and better value. I would recommend staying somewhere like the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi where our relatives stay when they come to visit and just paying to go to the aqua park at Atlantis for the day.	
Aug 14 2009 	Best hotel ever!	I went to Atlantis the palm just after it first opened. There are lot's of shops and fantastic restaraunts, the food is unbelieve and absaloutly amazing, the water park is great fun and the staff are very friendly and polite, the rooms are massive and the bathroom is cleverly built and there is a 32 inch tv in each room and the mini fridge is filled with amazing goods. BEST HOTEL EVER!!!	
Aug 14 2009 	Great weekend if the price is right	I am allergic to resort hotels but with my 2 year old son, this was a life saver. Lots for him to do including water park, aquarium, games room etc. Lots for the parents to do as well including some very fine dining. The downside is that this hotel has aleways been very pricey but we managed to take advantage of one of the specials. Look for 3 adults and 1 infant it still came to USD 2600 for a four day break so still not cheap. Rooms are great and the i would certainly go again if there is a special but certainly not- at usual rack rates. Check in and out was easy but when this hotel gets busy it gets busy so expect long delays!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Lots of glitz	I stayed here on a stopover from Singapore with a deal from Emirates. The hotel is impressive on first sight and even more so inside. Absolutely a 5 star experience although too big, glizy and impersonal for my taste.I was given a nice room on a middle floor and checked in at 7am with no problem. The room was large with a great bed, very comfortable and a fantastic bathroom with lots of lovely goodies which were replenished twice a day.Breakfast was included in the deal and make sure you are hungry. There are 2 restaurants for breakfast, one is quieter but has less choice. The main restaurant has huge queues at peak times, I had to wait about 30mins to be seated. It serves everything from traditional English, Chinese, sushi and a chocolate fountain. Amazing.The hotels location and size mean it is almost impossible to walk anywhere out-with the grounds. The hotel does run a comp bus one way to the malls but you have to ask about it as it isn't readily advertised within the hotel. There are only 12 seats on the bus so it's not really suitable for a hotel that size so be at the front of the queue.Also included in the rate is entry to the aquarium and water park so make sure you take advantage of that.However, this is an extremely expensive hotel for food and drink and it charges for use of the business centre, wi-fi etc. and the spa is over-priced.	
Aug 13 2009 	went for one day	We went out to the atlantis on the palm for a full day .We took the taxi from our hotel to the bottom of the palm and got the mono rail up to atlantis which was great with good veiws over the palm from the mono rail .when we arrived up we could not beleive the amount of people here someone told us they cater for almost 2000 residence but there were hundreds just up for a look or pay to use all the amenaties it was just one big play area the gounds were nice but when we looked up at the hotel from the outside there was clothes hanging from nearly every balcony and the noise was quite deaffening with loads of kids just shouting and screaming,there did not seem to be any code for dress sense in the hotel either people wre walking around with swim suits on even in the hotel and in one of the resturants outside ,dont get me wrong it is a great place for kids plenty of things for them to do but the hotel should be some standards for to keeps in place this is not a hotel for someone looking for a quite holiday,but plenty of water rides to keep the children happy. We took advantage of the thursday night special for 175 dhs about 38 pounds each you could go on the numerous amount of water rides buy food and drinks at various food and drink outlets that they had around the outside of the hotel and a huge red bull tent on the beach for drinks. and of course a fire eater and a fantastic fire works display that came on at 23 30 hrs .the night was really good ,but i could not stay here i was happy to get back to mine i would recommend if you have kids but not for couples,do what we did go up and spend the day and have the best of both worlds..	
Aug 13 2009 	an experience.......!!	we are regular dubai holiday makers,and i admit wasnt looking forward to going having read so many negative reports...however.ignore them!!!firstly bad stuff......garments hanging frm blconies give it a majorca like look!(im sure in time senior management will stop guests doing this as nasty!)check in-appalling!like heathrow on a bad day.....again sure in tme it will be sorted to provide the service ou receive in other 5 star dxb hotelsgood stuff....perfect for kids so much to do,waterpark,pools,aquarium i could go on-ours are 8 and13 didnt see them whole time as they were so busy having fun!!definately recommend an imperial club room as you avoid the hassle of busy restaurants for breakfast as its on the same floor as your room-i also believe frm talking to other guests these rooms are slighlty larger too!restaurants all very good,great choice!spotlessly clean hotel too....all in all i really didnt want to come yet came and will return,im a mega loyal fab of jumeriah beach eyt have to say that atlantis now tops it in terms of the family market!!you come to atlantis for the experience,it isnt quiet and serene like the one and only,nor maybe can compete with the madinet yet it is as it says on the tin-an experience that makes you want just a little bit more!!!atlantis we will see you again very soon....!!	
Aug 12 2009 	This is absolutely amazing	We stayed at the Atlantis for eleven nights and I have to say, this is an absolutely amazing hotel with wonderful staff. We have been very fortunate and have stayed at the best hotels in dubai, in all, we've been to Dubai on nine occasions. From the moment we arrived we were treated with so much respect, courtesy and professionalism.Our room was beautiful and had fantastic views. The housekeeping was brilliant, our room was maintained to such a high standard. The food was wonderful , truly the best we've had. My young children who are nine and elven absolutely loved the Atlantis and the wonderful swimming pools, water park and the stunning, beautiful building. This was an absolutely brilliant holiday and one we will never forgot. We had the fantastic benefit of the imperial club and the staff there, were so friendly and courteous. Breakfast was simply amazing, gorgeous food.I have nothing but praise for this hotel. Atlantis, thank you for a wonderful time , we will be back.	
Aug 11 2009 	A.M.A.Z.I.N.G	I have just returned from a 5 night stay in the Atlantis Hotel, this hotel is fantastic amazing wonderful you will never get bored!!! The slides are really fun and enjoyable and the sea is so hot it's like a bath. The Food is wonderful and everyone who works there is so polite and nice. The only downside to Aquaventure is that you have to walk across a bridge to get to the slides which is black and so the sun is attracted to it, my feet got sizzled but oh well it was worth it , also has a free high speed internet connection for your laptop when you stay in the imperiable club floor or higher. temperatures reached 46-47 degrees in the 2nd week of august which made it too hot to go on the beach but enjoyable at the pools. We rented a cabana for £70 for a whole day which supplied water, fruit, and shade! deffinatly recomend this to ANYONE!! AMAZING BOOK IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!! p.s if you book to stay in the imperial club floors (12,13 and 14) you get free drinks from 6 until 8pm however they cost alot of money in the bars downstairs!! And my room never got to hot the air conditioning is fantastic, everywhere is air conditioned.!!	
Aug 10 2009 	WOW!	We stayed here from 2/8/09 to 05/8/09. Wow! Wow! Wow! That was all my neice could say the minute we arrived at the Atlantis. The hotel was so big, we only managed to explore half of it. Arrived at midnight and took a taxi from the airport and was 90 dirhams to the hotel. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and were upgraded to an Imperial Suite which normally would cost you £1500 a night! No complaints there! Couldn't fault the staff at all. Benedict on check in was very nice and welcoming.Ordered room service at 2am, I strongly reccommend the Atlantis cheeseburger, best burger I've had in years. Price wasn't too expensive.Breakfast buffet was good, as a lot to choose from. The Saffron buffet restaurant was even better. We dined there every night!! For just under 200 dirhams, you get alot of choice. Kids loved the chocolate fountain, the creme brulee was excellent, my neice had 4 !! And the guy that was making the crepes was so friendly, he kept my sister happy whilst she patiently waited!! The waterpark was free for hotel guests and was great fun. Bigger and better than Wild Wadi.At one end of the hotel there is a very large aquarium. You could just stand in front and stare for hours.Getting around from the hotel wasn't a problem as there are numerous taxis waiting outside and are not expensive at all. 27 dirhams to both Mall of Emirates and IBM Battuta Mall.Checking out was smooth. Overall we had a very nice time at the Atlantis and we would definitely return next year.	
Aug 10 2009 	I don't see what people have to complain about	We (me, wife and kids 16,12, &amp; 8) stayed for 4 days at the Atlantis prior to moving to our usual hotel, the Jumeirah Beach (comparison to come on the Forum). Following some of the reviews we were a little sceptical but thought we'd give it a go.I really cannot see how anyone can complain about this hotel with the possible exception of the cost.The staff were all very polite and efficient.The rooms are fantastic. We asked for and got connecting rooms.The pool areas and beach are great, lots of sunbeds without having to get up at the crack of dawn to secure a good one.Although we didn't get to try all the restaurants the ones we did were all superb. I have to mention the buffet restaurant Saffron. Calling it a budget restaurant really doesn't do it justice. The choices were varied and all of great quality. The seafood counter was unbelievable - oysters, prawns, lobster, crab, mussels and so on, all as part of the price (about £30).Free entry to Aquaventure - much better than the Wild Wadi which in itself is fabulous anyway.I wouldn't pay to get into the aquarium but seeing as you don't have to when you are a guest we gave it a look and it was excellent.The only possible complaint about the hotel must be the cost which was very expensive. Other than that no problems at all and we will be going back.	
Aug 10 2009 	This is one that should have remained undiscovered...	Are you thinking of traveling to Dubai and staying at the Palm Atlantis. My recent trip to Dubai was spent at this much hyped Dubai resort my expectations were high but unfortunately I was to be disappointed.On arrival and for the first time in 12 years of staying in or visiting Dubai hotels I was advised that there was a charge for valet parking. Whilst only a nominal 50 dhs for paying guests for the duration of their stay its a far more unreasonable 150 dhs should you just plan to visit the hotels or one of its restaurants.The rooms whilst pleasant lack a certain amount of character found in the likes of the Madinat or One and Only hotels. The mini bar is well stocked you also get a kettle and iron which is handy. The service provided by housing keeping is well below par of what could be expected at a high end hotel. Hoovering, cleaning of mirrors, windows and even the mopping of bathroom floors is non existent. Balconies remain dusty as does the tables and chairs on it, this is of course assuming you are fortunate enough to get a balcony. Items on the floor such as children's toys are typically left there. So in a nutshell dont expect more than your towels being refreshed and your bed made.The hotel has two pools and of course the attached water park. The pools are adequate for the number of guests however again the thought has not gone into the planning as the children's pool provides no shaded area. The water park is excellent and free to use for hotel guests however personally I still feel Wild Wadi is still much better in terms of layout and facilities. Unlike some hotels the pools can still be used after the lifeguards are off duty which is definitely a plus. Oh and if you were thinking a hotel built over 2km out of sea would have a water sports centre, you'd be wrong.The aquarium feature in the hotel is definitely worth a visit and should keep adults and kids alike amused for hours. The additional aquatic displays in The Lost Chambers is also excellent and free to guests of the hotel. Other facilities include a kids and teens club. The kids club has and outrageous 280 dhs daily charge and it is only possible to leave your children there unattended rather than stay with them and therefore the charge is compulsory. Club rush is targeted at the teens and has some free use time in the mornings for internet usage and in the afternoons for gaming where kids have access to playstation, xbox and wii consoles. This can get quite busy buts its a nice relaxing environment.The staff in the hotel are pleasant enough however guest services lack of local knowledge was apparent and they were unaware of some of the most basic of local area facilities.I think on the whole the hotel has the potential to be much better but this is one place I will not be coming back to. There are just far too many things that are below par and only a considerable improvement would bring them up to the level of some of the better hotels in Dubai.. I think based on my experience here I would say it is no better that a 3 or 4 star hotel and would rate it at about 4 out of 10.Here's a list of some specific issues I had and how the hotel resolved them: Poor house keeping- Room was upgraded from a sea view to a 22nd floor city view room (this really was a very nice room)Poor service at beach side bar - 20 minutes and two reminders to serve a couple of Sprites. The bar manager didn't charge for the drinks and offered a 2nd round of drinks without chargeLeaking air conditioning unit in room - It took the hotel two days to fix this problem and both times maintenance staff had to come into the room between 11pm and 2am which is not ideal when you have two young children asleep. This is after they were told when the room would be empty during the day. The hotel offered financial compensation for this inconvenience.A few final points:1. Whilst the above resolutions softened the blow these are the kind of problems you should not have to encounter is a top class hotel2. I travelled with Virgin Holidays as they had been excellent the previous year. Almost a week after emailing Virgin customer care about the issues I had I am yet to get a reply, this in addition to the fact the their local rep failed to make any contact with me for the entire duration of my two week stay..3. Some of the staff in this hotel are absolutely fantastic. Raj G in the Saffron restaurant went well beyond his remit to ensure that during breakfast every morning we got everything we needed to keep our 2 yr old daughter busy so we could have breakfast in peace.. Some of the other staff could do well to follow his great example.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great but not Fantastic.	Atlantis was the second hotel on our 10 night holiday to Dubai, having spent a fantastic first 5 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Atlantis had a lot to beat!We had originally booked on a room only basis with Expedia which was a fair bit cheaper than booking direct with the hotel, when we checked in they offered us an upgrade to the Imperial Club for 800 AED per night. Considering breakfast for the 4 of us (2 adults, 2 kids) would be over 400 AED per day, and the fact we had saved by booking with Expedia we decided to take the upgrade.They didn’t have a smoking room ready so gave us a non smoking room to freshen up and a smoking room was available to us after a couple of hours. Transfer of luggage from one room to the other took a very long time.The club lounge of the 12th floor was very good, limited buffet breakfast, but you could always get a seat without waiting, you could use either of the buffet restaurants for breakfast as a club guest but they get VERY busy and whilst the is a huge choice, the club worked fine for us.The club lounge is open until 11pm and you can get free soft drinks and snacks throughout the day, with Afternoon Tea served between 3pm and 5pm and cocktails and canapés between 6pm and 8pm where alcoholic drinks are also free.The hotel is HUGE and VERY BUSY. They have a shuttle buggy that will take you from the East Tower to the West Tower, it’s not a long walk but the fact they offer it shows that it’s not exactly a 2 minute walk.There are so many people around the aquarium and the shopping areas, many of whom are just visiting, you are constantly asked to show your room card if you want to get to guest only areas like the lifts or out to the pools, this starts to get a little annoying!Two pools at Atlantis, the Royal Towers pool is the main pool and is very large, hundreds of sun beds , all with their own built in shades, great if you like the sun and someone else likes the shade! The Zero Entry pool by the west tower is great for kids, my 7 year old could go anywhere in the pool and still touch the bottom, maximum depth of this pool is 1 metre. Again loads of sun beds.The water park (Aquaventure) is great, difficult to get a bed near the main pool areas but once you find one and get into the water, the fun can begin! They have a great Children’s section, and the main attractions are really fun. Can be a bit of a pain finding a rubber ring and you do have to carry them around from one slide to another. Minimum height for the bigger rides is 1.2 metres, if you’ve got a child that looks shorter than that (my youngest is about 1.22 metres) be prepared to have them measured every time you go to ride one of the bigger rides.The Dolphin experience at Dolphin Bay was fantastic, not cheap but these things never are, they really get you on the photos to remember your experience, you can’t take your own pictures whilst in the water so if you want a picture of you with the dolphin you’ve not got much choice but to buy one at between £20 and £35 depending on the size for ONE picture.Checkout was not great, waited 45 minutes for luggage to be collected and then checking out in the club lounge, only one person able to check you out, and he was tied up with a query for over 30 minutes so it took ages to get taken care of.We had a late night flight back so made use of the hospitality lounge, whilst there are plenty of drinks and snacks for people who arrive early and have to wait for their rooms to be available, no such service when your waiting to leave. It was nice to have somewhere to store your belongings and shower after you make final use of the facilities in the hotel but that’s about it, not even a bottle of water available.Glad I’ve stayed here, it is an impressive place and a very good hotel, would I stay again, I doubt it very much, there are certainly better places in Dubai.	
Aug 8 2009 	Fantastic Holiday (with a few ups and downs)	I stayed at the Atlantis with my friend as part of my 21st birthday celebrations at the end of July for 8 nights. The room was booked as a deluxe room through Virgin Holidays.Before leaving I read some pretty mixed reviews about this hotel on this site, so departed to the airport feeling a little anxious about what to expect. Previously on trips to Dubai I have stayed in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, but wanted to try something different this time so thought the Atlantis was a close match in terms of amenities.Flights were with Virgin Atlantic both ways, excellent service in Premium Economy however the In-Flight Entertainment was not as good on the return leg as it was not 'On-Demand'. Still, I would recommend Virgin Atlantic for this route any day.We pre-booked an Atlantis car to pick us up from the Airport, as it was my friend's first time in Dubai, which cost in the region of £50. It was a BMW 7-series with Atlantis branding on it and whilst it was supposed to be a nice start to the journey, I was not enamoured as the interior was shoddy and the driver didn’t even exchange pleasantries, which compared to the Jumierah Beach Hotel Audi service, it left a lot to be desired.We arrived at the hotel very early and expected to have to wait until the advertised check in time however we were delighted to be given a room straight away, this is something that impressed us after such a long trip from Glasgow-Heathrow-Dubai. The lobby is magnificent with an amazing glass sculpture in the middle, which is a little ostentatious, but an amazing sight none-the-less.After a small dispute regarding a guarantee/deposit (in that I plainly refused to pay such a large volume of cash for incidentals) we headed up to our room and despite the early check-in advantage, the room was on a low floor with a limited view.Whilst waiting for our bags to arrive, which took some time we discovered that there was a few things wrong with the room such as a cigarette burn in the carpet (we requested non-smoking) and the bath was stained, but we shrugged it off as we were so tired.The hotel itself is amazing, the water park honestly puts the Wild-Wadi in the shade, we spent a lot of our time there and had a blast! The Lost Chambers were also amazing and we spent a good few hours wandering around with our Cold-Stone Creamery Ice-creams in there taking numerous pictures.After a few complaints regarding monetary disputes and the condition of the first room we got moved to another room which had much better views and a full-sized balcony, which was a nice touch, and our complaint was dealt with very well (Thank you to all involved)Overall, the hotel is new; it needs a few more months to get things perfect. For instance, the staff are incredibly nice and helpful, yet some of the managerial staff at the front desk are nothing short of rude. Our turndown service was only completed 4/8 nights and like other reviewers have noted, unlike the JBH or similar there are no chocolates on the pillow when it is done. Our second room also had continuous problems with the air-conditioning but I will give the repairmen their due, they were there trying to fix it every day when we were out. We didn’t want to pack and move again so just dealt with the room being slightly hotter than we would have liked.Breakfast was included in our tariff so we were shocked to have to sign for 280 Dhs every day, but this never showed on our account. I would recommend eating in Saffron instead of Kaleidoscope for breakfast, and get there before 10:30 or you have to wait in a rather large queue. Evening meals, well, we only ate in the hotel twice as I had to take my friend to other places around Dubai I couldn't miss; we ate in Kaleidoscope for dinner and it was terrible and also Locatelli's which was very nice- so a rather mixed feeling there.The beach isn’t nearly as bad as it is made out to be, yes there are a few jelly-fish but they weren’t within the swimming area cordoned off by the hotel and as far as I can tell, they posed very little risk, besides there are a plethora of lifeguards available.To finally sum it up, we had a fantastic stay at the Atlantis, it is a 5-star hotel with a few creases that need ironed out, but with the selection of amenities and friendly staff at hand, I would definitely return again (maybe ½ Atlantis, ½ Jumeirah Beach). Yes it is pricey, but so are most 5-star hotels, however the internet prices do take the biscuit - come on Kerzner, it is free at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel!Oh, and don’t dare miss the Thursday night extravaganza at Aquaventure; going round the Ziggurat with fireworks going off is something that will never leave my memories – truly fantastic!	
Aug 8 2009 	Disney in Dubai	Went to Atlantis with the family for a couple of days to celebrate our son's 21st birthday &amp; it was a big success. I have to admit that we have avoided this hotel since it opened as huge, resort hotels are not really our thing but for a short break we chose Atlantis for it's waterpark, restaurants, night club &amp; choice of activities &amp; none of these disappointed. Yes, there were little problems; check in took forever as did check out - the Palm island view room that we had reserved had been replaced with an Ocean View (the Palm View is the best side to view the fireworks on Thursday nights during the summer) &amp; items were added to our bill that were not ours but the staff are lovely so you just need to be patient. For our son's birthday dinner, the waiter came up to our table &amp; shouted (he had to shout to be heard as it was extremely busy &amp; noisy) 'What name do you want us to put on your son's birthday cake?&quot; - so much for the birthday surprise that we had arranged! But again, the staff are all so sweet that it is impossible to be cross. They charge you for everything from valet parking to in-room internet access (these things are free in many other Dubai hotels) and it is the little details that makes the difference between a good hotel &amp; a top class one. So 2 days were definitely enough. The hotel is extremely busy, noisy &amp; feels very much like a conveyor belt Disney Resort, which was fine as that was what we exxpected but we wouldn't have wanted to stay longer. It is possible to do Dubai in a large scale hotel without feeling like a mass commodity - Dar Al Masyaf is in the huge Madinat Jumeirah complex but it is in a different league to Atlantis. My advice would be to choose wisely - for a family or young couple or for those wanting entertainment &amp; action then Atlantis is probably perfect but if you want more in the way of style, service &amp; exclusivity, then try any of the Jumeirah hotels or Al Maha - they are in a different league.	
Aug 7 2009 	A great hotel and holiday but I think it may get too busy	We arrived at the hotel only to be told the room we had reserved wasn't available, so we were promptly upgraded to a suite which was very large, spotlessly clean and immaculately decorated. The whole hotel is immaculate in fact. We had complimentary water and the fruit in our room was changed every day whether we touched it or not (This made me feel guilty but I'm sure it was used somewhere!). So a great first impression.The hotel has two pools, both are good although we preferred the layout of the Zero pool. For anyone with children the pools would be great for them, there are many lifeguards who are very conscientious and the water is shallow at one end for kids to sit in and cool off safely. The food at this pool was really great better than is some of the poolside restaurants we thought.We paid extra for the Imperial lounge package which and were impressed with the lounge. A great view and really good unlimited snacks and drinks all day.We thought the restaurants were all great, so much so we couldn't really pick a favourite. The buffet at lunch was great but I felt it was quite expensive. All the staff in restaurants and around the hotel were polite and helpful.I tried several spa treatments along with a hair appointment and all were great.The water park is fun and there were no queues for rides and the aquarium and Lost Chambers are so cool and would be good fun for kids.As far as negatives on our last day there was a sudden influx of people in the aquarium area/around the restaurants. It was hard to walk through this area, almost like being in a tube station. The hotel too got noticeably busier and the atmosphere changed, it was too full. I'm not sure if we just got very lucky with the dates we chose to travel or if that weekend was just busier than normal but I'm not sure I would be happy to visit when it was like this. My husband was annoyed that the beach wasn't great, strolls on the beach are for other destinations. Also take any medicines you may need (obviously if they are legal here!) because I paid £30 when I had indigestion!This was a great trip, we barely felt the need to leave the complex and the positives outweighed the negatives, especially taking into account the complex had recently opened.	
Aug 6 2009 	Fantastic hotel with great service but free the Whale Shark	Having read all the negative reviews I was a bit uneasy about the Atlantis &amp; my upcoming honeymoon and I seriously considered shifting to another hotel however I decided to stick to my choice and am glad that I did.Firstly, you can't help but be amazed by the actual hotel itself, you first see it as you're being driven down the Palm and the view of the hotel on the horizon is a sight to behold! It is aboslutely huge.Check in was quick and efficient, a few people have complained about the hotel taking a deposit on your card (c£1,000 in my case). This is standard procedure and regular travellers to hotels should not find this unusual. Just to be on the safe side you should ring up your bank before you arrive and let them know this will be happening so that they don't attempt to block the transaction. We arrived at 10 in the morning but were given the option of checking in straight away even though check in wasn't till 2pm. We were told that it would be a smoking room, which I was apprehensive about because I'd requested a non smoking room however if we wanted a non-smoking room we'd have to wait till 2pm. I decided to check out the room they were offering as I didn't fancy waiting about for 4 hours in the hospitality lounge. Other than the presence of an ashtray in the bedroom there was nothing else to suggest that this was a smoking room i.e. no bad odours or anything like that. If anything it was one of the biggest rooms on the floor with a larger balcony than the other room so we took it.Our bags were brought up to the room promptly, our room was on the 2nd floor in the West Tower with a view of the zero entry pool and the Palm looking out towards Dubai Marina.The room was very large and spacious with a large walk in wardrobe and a massive bathroom. We ate at Saffron on our 1st evening and it was excellent with a wide variety of cuisines to choose from including, Thai, Indo-Pakistani, Japanese, Western &amp; Arabic and an amazing Dessert Station complete with chocolate fountain and Ice Cream Teppenyaki! It may have been expensive for a Buffet at nearly £40 per head incl soft drinks but then again what buffet gives you the option of having Lobster? Given the choice of food available it was worth it.We ate Breakfast in Saffron every morning as it was closest to us and the choice at breakfast was almost as amazing as the evening dinner. If you really wanted to you could have Sushi and Kimchi for Breakfast as well as regular fare like freshly made Omelettes, Sausages and Hash Browns or even Noodles! The Chocolate Fountain was also operational at every breakfast session, in summary you were spoilt for choice. Breakfast was available till 11:30 each morning so you could have a lie in and use it as an early lunch if you really wanted to.Yes the restaurants at the hotel are expensive and if you decide to eat here every night then it will end up costing you a small fortune but there are plenty of options available if you don't want to eat at the hotel. Taxis are cheap and plentiful, you are only a 10-15 min taxi ride away from Jumeirah Beach Residence Walk which has a huge choice of restaurants in a very picturesque setting the journey should cost no more than 25 Dhs (around £4). Failing that there are free shuttle buses to most of the major malls including Mall of the Emirates with Ski Dubai.As hotel guests you have free access to the Aquaventure Water Park and this is highly recommended, I've not been to Wild Wadi so I can't compare but Aquaventure was amazing. You can float around on the lazy rivers for hours on end and the shark attack tunnel where you float by in a tunnel through a tank filled with rays and sharks is brilliant. You have free access to towels but have to pay for lockers (40 Dhs). As Hotel guests you also have free access to the Lost Chambers which is the Atlantis' own aquarium and is worth doing considering you're not paying for it as you get to see the various fish and also have the opportunity to hold sea cucumbers and starfish. The public area (free) of the aquarium with the large viewing wall does get busy but never felt crowded. The only thing that puts a dampener on the whole experience is the fact that Sammy the Whale Shark is still here. The Aquarium staff have been well trained to tell guests how comfortable she is and that the she will be returned to the Wild but they are very vague about when that will be? They have been trained to tell guests about the amount of water in the tank and that it will fill X number of olympic pools but that does not susbstitute for the Ocean and Sammy does not belong in an aquarium and needs to be released asap.Several people have complained about the lobby areas being crowded with day trippers but to be honest given the immense size of the hotel you'd expect that number of people and it never actually feels crowded.The Dolphin Interaction is expensive at £100 per head for the shallow water interaction. but well worth it as you get up close with a dolphin and there is plenty of opportunity for some 1 on 1 interaction when you hug, kiss and dance with the dolphin. You also learn a lot about the dolphin in the orientation before getting into the water. An official photographer accompanies you in the water and will capture every moment perfectly but ecpect to pay c.£100 for the privilege! My wife watched for free from the shore as part of a promotion they had when we visited but needless to say her ability to get photos was hampered by her being on the beach so they do coerce you to buy the official snaps by showing you the excellent quality once you're done. Overall though the interaction was amazing and I'd do it all again.We stayed for 6 nights and the whole trip was fantastic, the staff were attentive and every one who saw you greeted you with a smile and appropriate greeting for the time of day.All in all a great holiday!	
Aug 6 2009 	Take plenty money	We arrived at the Atlantis at 2 in the morning all looked nice but huge we checked in and ent to our room half a mile away it seemed to arrive at a double room which didnt have a bed for our son so back to reception it was and we moved to our second room only to find e were on a smoking floor and smoking room back to reception again nearly 1 hour after arriving we were put in the wes wing on the 18th floor to an alright room quite basic really for a 5 star but were shattered so went to bed not a good start. The hotel itself is ok but beware if your not fit dont go its so huge you do a lot of walking. We went to the waterpark the first morning which is free to hotel guests and it was ok but nothing special only a few slides they say it is the biggest in middle east and probably is but we usually go to Florida and was not in the same league as Florida at all, although the staff were very freindly,prices all over the Atlantis were ridiculous a cup of tea after dinner cost us over £6 we were on half board option so we only had to pay for our drinks just as well or we wouldnt be eating there at all we worked it out at for three of us for breakfast £120 there was plenty of choice but after a couple of days we were fed up of the food catered mainly for the locals and the same at dinner when you did get in afete a long que the food was mainly spicy all though very nicely presented if i never see another curry again it will be too soon. Avoid the spa unlessyouve taken out a bank loan ,the hairdressers are from Syria and dont speak any English at all so they do what they want then charge you a fortune my blow dry was £80 and even then he didnt have any straighteners. We felt the hotel was too big and lacked the personel touch it was no way a five star more like a 3 or 4 star not worth the money at all after 3 days we were bored with it all so decided to have some trips out so we took a hotel taxi which were quite cheap but the did try to rip us off by taking us the very long route till i pointed it out to him they are also very smelly as you would be stuck in a taxi for 12 hours deoderant was needed by all the drivers we had, however we went to the Burg Al Arab for lunch which was nice about £80 each but beware as ou dont get to sit with the hotel guests we were put in a seperate area for visitors lunch was nice but nothing special again and we did get to take some photos of the inside of the hotel but ony certain parts and away from the guests so ony at certain times of the day , All in all Dubai is a complete rip off dont go if your expecting bargains as it is much more expensive than UK even for clothes it is very dusty everywhere due to all the building works going on weve been but rest assured we will not be back we will go back to Florida next year and let others be ripped of at the not so great Atlantis and Dubai BE WARNED lly	
Aug 6 2009 	Brillant stay	The checking in process was long and a bit annoying. We arrived early in the morning about 7am and were told we had to wait for the room until2pm. They had a nice waiting area with drinks and snacks. Once we got our room it was not what we requested so had to change it. Then we got our room and just started to rest our eyes and they asked us to move as they needed the room for a disabled person. But was upgraded and had free wine and chocolates. The room was huge and really comfortable.I was surprised there was no welcoming talk to tell you about the hotel or activities. This may depend on the tour operator.The hotel itself is massive and impressive. But can be busy at times. The staff are very helpful and always willing to do anything. The pool areas were great and had plenty of sun beds, although the old/dirty towels are not always removed. The beach is beautiful, I spent most of my time swimming here- such clear sea and so quiet. The most people on there was probably about 10 guests. The sea does have jelly fish but I went most days and only saw one, which was bright blue so can’t miss them. The life guards are very good at spotting them. The waterpark is good fun and we went on an evening- not to be missed. Dolphin bay- is great but again very expensive. Do the dessert trip- its so much fun!Taxis are cheap to get around but we did not realise towards the end of the stay that there are free stuttle buses to different places. ahhhhThe food is wonderful-big portions, so much choice but expensive. The only down side I had was at the poolside cafe –the shore-one of the staff was always very grumpy. But no other staff presented in this manner. I wouldn’t go for 14nights because there is not much to do-unless you love shopping or just want to go on the beach/pool.The weather was so hot but didn't get a tan because there was no sun lots of cloud.	
Aug 5 2009 	Avoid if you are on your honeymoon!	Having previously stayed in Jumeriah Beach, we had high expectations. The hotel infrastructure and design is stunning. Unfortunately, it is not easy to take advantage of this given the huge numbers of people visiting the hotel for the day. To keep a 5 star status, this hotel has to address the serious problem of over crowding contributed to by day trippers. We certainly didn't expect to share the hotel with day trippers. The pool was the only segregated area. We were on our honeymoon and therefore were looking for luxury and tranquility. We obviously chose the wrong hotel. The majority of guests had at least two children, many of which used the extensive corridoors as race circuits.We found the service not as good as Jumeriah Beach. Used towels were left on sunbeds on the beach and poolside until the end of the day. This is probably a great hotel, if you have children and money. However, avoid if looking for a romantic holiday.	
Aug 4 2009 	Hotel Amazing - Out of this world!	Initially I was a bit concerned about the negative reviews that some people had left but had nothing to worry about as the service and staff were both exellent at atlantis. The staff were very hospitable, smart and polite and couldn't do enough for you.The decor in the hotel is amazing, just take a look at the lobby, you really felt you were staying somewhere special.We loved the buffet meals at Saffron and Kalaidescope as there was plenty of choice and it gave you the opportunity to try foods you had never had before, we didn't need lunch after a banquet buffet breakfast!.Aquaventure was a hit with the teens, which is as good as Wild Wadi, both a must if you get the chance.We tried to fit in as much as we could while we were there - Swimming with Dolphins, Desert Safari, Shopping Malls and sightseeing but still wished we could have just one more day there as there is so much to do and see.We have some great photos of us Swimming with Dolphins and a CD as a momento.You could easily spend a week in the hotel and grounds alone without venturing out into Dubai itself.At the Stone cold creamery in the Avenues we got delicious 'kids' ice-creams for 10 dirhams ( cheaper than the mini melts in aquaventure at 20 dirhams each) you could also have extras added into the ice-cream, we liked the cake batter flavour the best.Theres so much to say about our stay at Atlantis but its much the same as all the other positive reviewsTaxis are cheap and plentiful, the drivers are smart and polite, we didn't experience any bad taxi driving whilst we were there.The only downside that we experienced was charges being added onto our bill, you can keep an eye on this by viewing your bill on atlantis channel on tv in your room. There were a couple of times charges for my younger daughter evening meal had been added on ( her meals were meant to be free due to holiday package we had) but this was soon sorted out by the staff. Also just to mention I was asked for 500 dirhams for extras during my stay, ie for mini bar and drinks in restaurants when I checked in, I stated that I would be paying as I went along in cash and would not be requiring the mini bar, after discussion with another member of staff I was told I wouldn't have to pay this.All in all the holiday was like a dream staying in such a beautiful hotel and having such lovely surroundings, still dreaming about it and I've been back a few days, would definately go back again. Plan on making a scrapbook of all our tickets, photos, momentos etc to look back on. Don' be put off by negative reviews and try not to worry about the heat and things like that as I did as there was really no need. I am fair skinned and burn easily but tolerated the heat very well, just made sure I had my hat with me and plenty of sun lotion. You often find the things you worry about dont happen, so just relax and enjoy your holiday.	
Aug 2 2009 	Fab Hotel - never seen anything like it.	What can I say - never been to Dubai before and we were doubled booked Madinat. This was an amazing hotel - completely different from the Madinat in as much that it is very modern and sleek but very luxiousrious.From entering the reception area you are wow'd by the amazing water feature. The rooms are spacious and modern.The pool is fab and they have wonderful bars and resturants along the waters edge - very romantic.The staff are very friendly and accommodating and nothing is too much trouble.The food at breakfast is fantastic you can have anything from toast to sushi-what a spread.The shopping mall is fab (small tho) the Atlantis water feature is supberb. What can I say an amazing hotel would definately go back and do everything else I didn't get around to doing.PS Buy wine etc in the duty free as you leave departures - alchol is very very very expensive.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very good for kids ! The best	You should go to have an experience of a lifetime !	
Jul 30 2009 	Fantastic resort in a wonderful destination- with matching service	Having read some of the reviews I decided to take each negative one with a pinch of salt,thank god I did !We travelled with Virgin-half board option.Our check-in was smooth,fast and earlier than expected,rooms were fabulous and situated in the west towers with both a Palm and swimming pool view.At every contact with staff we were greeted with professionalism and courtesy- the staff could NOT do enough for you !Food in both the Kaleidoscope and Saffron restaurants were 10/10 as again was the service. Both the daily meals were varied and everyone was happy! Waterpark Aquaventure is an asset to the resort and all our childrens and ourselves loved every minute there.Most of the negative comments involve the price of food/drinks - yes pricey but if you've got any sense you would do your homework before going and make a decision about how much you are willing to spend .......try Virgins half-board option. We went into town and got drinks/snacks at the supermarket which kept the kids happy between meals- taxi's very cheap.Overall the resort/hotel in in a fantastic location with lots to offer all age groups,service,rooms and food are all excellent - only one fault we noted was keep an eye on your mounting bill as some items were added to ours which shouldn't have been, it was however quickly resolved.We will be going back - our only regret is that we did't stay longer!	
Jul 29 2009 	Really nice	i have travelled to Dubai many times over the last few years. We have stayed at Jumeirah Beach, Mina Salaam and Al Qasr in the past.This year we decided to try Atlantis, was really apprehensive after reading reviews on trip advisor.BrieflyRooms - we had sea facing room in the West Tower . clean and pleasant, our house keeper was really helpful gave us everthing we asked for and the room was always made up when we askedFood - went half board.. good food at Saffron ,less so at Kaleidoscope. serice very good had to pay for drinks ..GULPStaff- really helpful and pleasant.. no problems here at all.. no on was rude to us Aquarium - lots of fishAquaventure waterpark... most fun better than Wild Wadi OverallIf you dont mind being in busy hotel then Atlantis IMO is a good place for a break , i think it offers a different experience to the Jumeirah group.. kids want to go back next year .. thats good enough for me	
Jul 28 2009 	Great	Everything was great!! The Rooms, Employees, Breakfast and the Waterpark!Had the best Steak of my life at the Seafire Restaurant.	
Jul 28 2009 	Not worth it by a long shot	Having travelled to many luxury hotels all over the world - this place fell short by a mile. Hyped as being 7 star - no way. Not worth anything like the prices they charge. I stayed in an Executive Room which I then had to spend a small fortune on being upgraded to a suite as the &quot;Executive Room&quot; was no more luxurious than &quot;flee in the air&quot;. Saying that - even the suite wasn't that sylish. The colours and furnishings were pretty standard. No flair. It is well worth travelling out of the hotel to eat as the prices in the place are beyond belief. At lunch, we had 3 salads (adults), I chicken nugget (kids meal) 2 x glasses of white wine, 2 x diet coke, 1 x water and a fruit juice = £120.00 !!!! I will not be going back - there are so many luxury hotels to choose from in Dubai - I wished I had tried one instead of falling for the hype of this one. Rip off	
Jul 27 2009 	Wonderful Time	We stayed at this hotel for a week and had a wonderful time. I was concerned due to some of the previous reviews. But the rooms were much larger than expected, well set out and very clean with everything we needed iron, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, fresh fruit etc. The staff were great and nothing was too much trouble. The pool and beach facilities were very good always sunbeds available. Food and Drink is expensive but we got a great deal with Virgin - including evening meal which worked out much cheaper and for a week and was well worth it. The two restaurants you could use had a good selection of fantastic food each evening -you'd never get bored.The hotel is much bigger than the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and hasn't got the same overall charm but I think that's due to its size more than anything else. I think this would be a good option for families, as the kids seem to have so much to do. The water park was great and that's free to guests. Overall a wonderful holiday and we would go back.	
Jul 27 2009 	Everything you want to know about the Atlantis	I read review after review about the Atlantis prior to travelling and there was elements of all reviews during my trip (along with my wife and children, two boys aged 9 &amp; 13).We stayed 13 nights from 11th July to 24th July 2009.On the negative -  we were continually being charged 70 Dirham to our room for breakfast , although we were booked for bed and breakfast, and had to continually ask them to remove it, they advised it was due to my teenage son being an adult, which we had already booked him as ! Couple of times we had to ask twice for a drink we ordered, once at the poolside bar and they tried to charge us twice albeit only 1 drink arrived and the second time at breakfast my wife asked for a cafe latte and to ask again.Received fresh fruit once in our room, our first day when we answered the door to the lady delivering it, not sure if she was calling thereafter when we were out or if the fruit was a one off on arrival.The food and drink is expensive, no getting away from this.DO NOT touch the mini bar, remove an item &amp; too late, you're charged !On the positive - The quality of the food in the reastaurants in the evening was exquisite, you get what you pay for &amp; all of us thoroughly enjoyed the food. The staff throughout the hotel were excellent, all very polite and helpful, read some reviews about their ability to speak english, but didn't experience any problems, hey I can't speak any language other than my native tongue !!!. Hotel was spotless, rooms very clean. Room cleaning was thorough, clean sheets/ towels and fresh water daily, we aksed for an additional bottle of water a few times and it wasn't a problem, staff were more than happy to supply. Breakfast was amazing, you name it it's there !!!!!!!!!!! As we weren't receiving fresh fruit in our room daily we'd take a few pieces from breakfast. The water park is a huge bonus when you have kids, we were there virtually every day , great fun when you can waltz in and out as a guest when it's included in your costs for the hotel. There are happy hours at various bars which soften the blow (a bit) for the expensive drinks, you could go between bars from 4pm to 11pm and experience the happy hours between them, but it isn't this type of holiday to be honest. The experience of staying at the atlantis was great, fantastic fireworks on the Thursday evening which we had a great view of from our room, prior to the fireworks we had been at the water park for the night adventure, it was good fun but far too busy, huge queues on all slides after approx 20:30/20:45 !We tried room service one evening we didn't want to go out &amp; 10 out of 10, food hot, fresh and served with a smile.My son tried the teenage kids club towards the end of the holiday and wished he'd went earlier, he met many new friends and thought the staff great.Heard others comparing antlantis to other hotels i.e free ice lollies and cool spray down at Jumeria beach, as well as chocolate on pillows during turn down, and fresh fruit every day, not huge value monetary wise but would be nice if antlantis provided this too.All in all this was an excellent holiday and I'd recommend the atlantis, a few minor problems but was more than happy with the overall experience.	
Jul 25 2009 	AMAZING- THANK GOD - we didn't listen to all the negatives!!	Just back after 2 fantastic weeks at the Atlantis. We were initially worried after all the negative reviews. DO NOT be put off. Staff are so attentative, speak perfect English, and treat you with genuine affection, they were great with the kids, we have a 5 yr old and a 6month old. The rooms were exceptionally clean, spacious and were stocked with lots of water and fruit when we used them. We arrived at 9.00am and were checked in with no fuss, given check in was 2.00pm. We were asked where we would like to have our room and within 1hr a cot arrived for the baby. We were in the East Tower on the 6th floor overlooking the Aquarium, which is lit up at night, you can also see the waterpark. No excessive noise as previously stated. You can hear people in the corridors if they are loud think its the same in most hotels. It is a busy hotel - they were fully occupied when we where there. Given that there are 1,500 rooms the public areas do get busy- we felt it added to the atmosphere!! Friday and Saturday are their weekend so anticipate this. There was never any issue getting sunbeds whatever the day and the queues for the breakfast buffets were only after 9.30am and this was due to the fact that you are personally greeted and seated not that there are no tables. Kaleidoscope was great and we ate their most mornings however Saffron had more variety- chocolate fountain!! and Haribo sweets to name a few. Saffron was also next to Club Rush, the kids club, which offers free internet service 9.00-12.00. We cannot comment on all the services as we never got round to using them, like the executive lounge and the kids club however we met many people who felt the executive lounge saved them money on food and drink and that the services offered- free internet service all day was well worth it. The pools and beach were great. We set up base camp most days at the royal pool. Next to the royal pool are a trampoline and tabel tennis for the kids. You can also get henna tatoos and hair braiding if you like. We were met every morning by pool side staff ready to get our loungers and towels ready. Alex from Kenya was particularly welcoming every morning and knew our boys names after the first day, he was knowledgable about hotel facilities and knew occupancy , activites and most importantly the weather details. The way some guest spoke to the staff was a disgrace these people can't do enough for you and a simple please and thank you are common decency!! The royal pool does loose the sun after 3.30pm however a quick buggy ride or walk to the zero entry pool and you have the sun until 6.00pm. The pool side bar at the zero entry pool has a happy hour between 4-6pm on a bogof basis and at the royal pool happy hour is 6-8pm on a half price basis. Both pools have a guy handing out free ice-lollies aroune 1-2pm ish which is nice. The beach is not half as bad as made out. Its clean , plenty of loungers and as with the pools have plenty of lifeguards. Unlike the Jumeria beach there isn't as much current but it certainly isn't stagnant. There are however jellyfish- they are blue which don't sting you. Take this from my personal experiance. They look awesome however you will get a slight electric buzz if you touch the tenticles, I mentioned my experiance to the lifeguard and within 2 mins there were people in there removing them!! My son loved them and the lifeguard spent time speaking about them and let him toutch them - He loved it. What can I say about the water park. It's excellant as good as Wild Wadi. 2 rides that were new to us Torrent and rapids. Like a much better lazy river and the kids who are too small for the big rides, you have to be 1.2mt tall for them, can go on these. Great! Splashers area for the kids is good, plenty of lifeguards and beds. Best of all on a Thursday the waterpark is open until midnight. Can be riding all the slides in the dark. There are fireworks at 11.30pm, free dolphin show at 9.00pm and there is a night carnival atmosphere, jugglers , stalls and fire eaters! Great. Opens at 8.00pm and separate lane to get in for hotel guests. Only down side is the price. You expect this in a 5 star resort so budget for this. We ate in the Saffron buffet at night. It cost us £150 with non-alcoholic drinks ,(2 adults and 1 child) It was amazing and the variety was superb. The pool bars are cheaper and the portions are good. Remember taxis are cheap. There are 3 big malls which are a short drive away , for 30dirhams you can go to Ibn Bhatutamall which is split into different sections themed into continents. Mall of the Emirates, which has ski dubia, food court and various restaurants, including the Butchers shop bar and grill- it's fab good steak at decent prices. This also has magic planet for kids, theme park come amusements. And for 50 dirham Dubia mall, which is the biggest and quietist. This is beside the worlds tallest tower. Go to TGI Fridays and have a meal on the balcony. You get a fair meal, a view of the tallest tower and a view of great water display that plays ever 20 mins at night - its stunnning. It also has a Waitrose!! All the malls have a good food court, cheap prices and not just your basic fast food. Too sum up we all had a ball and are looking to book for next year. We also came back with money to spare!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Expensive but worth every penny - fantastic hotel	Lobby was spacious and airy and I love the fact the lifts are not right there near the check in desks. Check in was speedy and smooth and our room was ready at 9am. The room is spacious and very nicely furnished and has everything we required with 2 very large and comfortable beds.Overall the service was very good, best in Levante (lebanese restaurant) and Saffron (incredable buffet), poor around the pool &amp; the pool bars and not great in Seafire (steak restaurant). Don't be put off by the sometimes not attentive service as the food is out of this world in all corners of this hotel.The pools were great for adults and children alike and the towel servise was excellent as you could have as many as you wanted. Waterpark was fantastic for big and little kids.Bars and nightclub all very nice and some serve great cocktails.My advise would be to stay at the opposite end of the hotel to the waterpark and the lost chambers if you can as it does get busy there due to the hotel visitors congrigating in that area.Although my son only used the kids club once it was very good. We used the babysitting service which was very attentive and re-assuring althogh like most things was expensive.	
Jul 23 2009 	Worth every penny	I stayed here as part of my honeymoon for 6 nights before going onto the Maldives and have to say it was all amazing but the Atlantis really made it. I appreciate all experiences are different but how someone can criticise the wonder of this hotel is beyond me. We arrived late in the evening and were given an upgrade and checked in within 10 minutes of arrival to the hotel as there are staff everywhere to help you. The bags arrived at the room before we even finished looking around the room. Had a palm view which is far better than the ocean view as you can see all that is happening on the beachand the pool. Also there was a big firework display on the edge of the palm that we watched for 15 minutes. Not sure what it was for but brilliant.Breakfast is the biggest spread ever and if anyone cannot find something to eat then i would be astounded, from Japanese, Chinese, Indian, Full English. It was superb and the staff could never do enough. Saffron is bigger than Kaleidoscope and i would say had more variety so ate there all but one morning.There is no question that the hotel is expensive but don;t go if you are not willing to pay or it will annoy you. It's a 5 star hotel in the best setting of a city break with beaches and blue seas. The beach is not as bad as made out and is not obviously man made and was very similar to the one in the Maldives and i never here those beaches criticised.The Lost Chambers can be done in 30 minutes tops and i would begrudge paying for this but it's free so killed half an hour but not a lot there really other than few fish.We done a Deep Water Interaction with the dolphins and would do it over and over as it's an amazing experience. Would have been nice to do even more with such amazing creatures but the experience is great.Aquaventure is great for a couple of hours but definitely avoid Friday and Saturdays there as all the locals come to the hotel and it gets very busy and the rides start to queue up.The hotel does get busy but staff and security are everywhere in the hotel and it never bothered us so just think people look for reasons to moan.We ate in two of the hotel restaurants and the food was fantastic and again worth every penny. No more than a good quality meal in London.The staff could never do enough and were always first to say hello. If you are booked to stay here ignore any negatives as the hotel is unbelievable and i am already planning a trip back. If you do have a problem just ask the staff and they will sort it straight away.I saw one man being very rude to a member of staff. Manners costs nothing and if i had been the boy i would have not helped the man but he still did despite the arrogance which shows their level of service.The best experience ever is all i can say.	
Jul 23 2009 	Not Impressed Very Poor Customer Service Most Likely will not return	we booked a three night stay at the Atlantis the palm from July 21st to July 24th. we have been here 2 nights now and would just say the Hype is much more than reality.Yes The Hotel is nice and has good amenities, but it is not the exclusive ultimate experience it is made out to be.The directions to the Hotel were very poor, we called the hotel 5 times on the way and went around in circles, till we finally asked for help and found our way.The check in was good and efficient, the room very nice and the view was quite good. The staff was well trained and most times polite and efficient.The experience that turned me off the most was the way they dealt with one of the promotions. When I made the booking, they had a promotion that you would get a complimentary massage for every massage you booked. This promotion was posted on their website even as late as yesterday afternoon (22 July 2009). But the Spa refused to acknowledge that and said it was an old promotion valid only till June and now they would not be able to offer it. when I mentioned the fact that it was posted online even as we spoke. They gave me the run around and three different employees called me without so much as accepting my point but promising to call me back, the call never came. This is typical cheap 2-3 star hotel behaviour. For a Hotel that claims to be luxury hotel and 5 star standard etc would never deal with the issue in such manner and all that for equivalent of US$ 15.The water park is good but there are many water parks the world over that we have enjoyed more. The prices were exorbitant and once you were in everything was charged for.I would rate my experience as not exciting. Maybe if the hype had not been so much and my expectations were lower it might not have been that bad.But at this point of time, unless I receive an apology from the hotel for their poor customer service will not return.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great hotel but too big for personalized service	We stayed in Atlantis in July 2009. Had heard and read a lot about it and were eagerly looking forward to our stay. Just the opening night festivities were supposed to have costed US$50 million out of which $37 million was repuated to be spent just on the fireworks alone (which were supposed to be 6 times bigger than the China olympic games display.) I will be particularly detailed in my comments since I know that tripadvisor reviews are circulated amongst the hotel management team!From a holiday destination perspective, we decided to stay at the Atlantis since they were running a great promotion. The rack rate for a normal Atlantis room was a few thousand Dhirams. We booked through booking.com and ended paying approx. 1075 Dhirams per night (not including ~20% in taxes). Anyhow, we arrived. Our first impression was that the lobby was a fish market. The reception disks, if I remember correctly, did not have signs indicating what they were for, the lines were long and there were too many people hanging around. We had no clue which line to go to. Anyhow, we finally crossed our fingers and got into a line. Whilst checking in, we specified a non-smoking room. A trainee host took us up to our room. Guess what? The room reeked of smoke. On saying that i wanted my room changed, I was told that they could not change the room since it was a weekend. When I insisted and said that it was impossible for me to sleep in the room, we were reluctantly led back down all the way to the front desk, we again stood in line and finally got the room got switched. Thus the initial experience was quite jarring.Going forward, the hotel itself is huge (approx. 1,500 rooms), beautiful and one of the nicest properties I have ever stayed in. The Atlantis type of room that we stayed in was immaculately well done. We could not wait to get settled in and move on to explore the rest of the hotel. The first thing that we check out was the restaurants. We had read a lot about the great dining options and were keen to decide on where we were going to eat dinner. The hotel has 10+ restautants and they are spread throughout the hotel. What I would have ideally wanted is a book with all the menus in one place. Its a bummer that this was something that nobody had thought of and we had to trudge from one place to the next trying to remember what everybody served so that we could make a decision. This was specially important as I am a vegetarian with limited menu options. Anyhow, the food made up for everything. If you're a foodie, then you've died and entered into foodie heaven. The only problem with dining is the lack of many informal / quick dining options. They seems to be limited to a couple of dining places next to the main pool.Next step was an outdoor exploration of the hotel. I would really recommend that the hotel invests in coin operated laundry machines for the guests. I had not expected to see clothes being hung out to dry from the balconies but this was not uncommon. Having said that, the hotel is huge and inspiring! It esp. look really cool at night.The massive fish tank is astounding. The tank walls are made of acrylic and were shipped over from Japan. They are supposed to be 30cm to 60cm thick. There are thousand of fish in the tank. Mind blowing. Don't forget to take a &quot;back of the house tour&quot; if time permits. You get to check out how this all works.We spent a good amount of time at the Aquaventure park. This is something not to be missed and hotel guests get in for free. The best part of the park were the rides which start from the Ziggurat! I literally had my heart in my mouth when I was standing in the line for the &quot;Leap of Faith&quot; ride/slide. The view of the palm from the top of the Ziggurat is fabulous. Don't miss it. Also don't forget to check out the Cold Stone creamery near the entrance to Aquaventure. A visit there is a good way to end a tiring water filled day!The hotel has a nightclub which was pretty happening when we went. A good place for the guys to hang out (-:The hotel has a massive convention centre (which seemed to be mostly unused). If I had a business meeting, I would certainly consider having it here. From a security perspective, it seemed kind of weak. We only had to say our room# and name to get access to most everything. Ideally, they would ask us to at least show room keys.The guests seemed to be pretty homogeneous. Approx. 40% of hotel residents in a typical year are from the UK and another approx. 30% would be from Russia. So if you are those countries, you'll have plenty of company.If I was the hotel management, I would invest in english language training for the staff. There were times when we could not make ourselves understood at the first go. Apparently, most of the staff was hired as fresh graduates without any prior hotel experience and it shows. Service level almost everywhere can improve. For example, used plates and cutlery in our room was not replaced when the room was done in the mornings. For a hotel which aspires to have a minimum rack rate / non discounted charge for the cheapest room to be close to US$800, the service is not good enough. It I had paid anything close to rack rate, I would have felt very unhappy. The product is world class and no cost has been spared on it but lacks the finish on account of service levels not being up to the mark. If I was the hotel owner, I would locate a guy called Pierre, who used to be the general manager of the Imperial Hotel in New Delhi till some time back and put him to work at the Atlantis!!Did I get my money's worth? Definitely yes. Would I ever pay full price? Definitely not.	
Jul 23 2009 	One night was enough	My husband and I stayed at the Atlantis Palm for one night in July (hubby's bday). Overall its worth going to to see the aquarium and chamber of secrets - this was amazing! I've never been so close to a whale shark in my life and staying the night was worth it for that.As for the downsides - the hotel was very busy, we arrived and it took over 25mins to check in, standing around waiting for a desk to come free is not what you expect from a 5*hotel. The entrance is very grand and the marble floors impresive. Our room was average, nice and clean but no 'wow' factor anywhere. For such a new hotel the decor was old fashioned, not contemporary at all. The pools - we thought there would be more pools. There were 2 main pools that were packed. The location of the pools is odd - at about 4pm the sun gos behind the hotel - we could not understand why they didn't build the pools facing the sea rather than facing back towards the palm? Having stayed at other 5* hotels in dubai it was not what I expected, no swim up bars, no cold towles, crowded spaces...commercial The beach - this is not a 5*beach. The sand is not soft underfoot, the sea looks back towards the palm and all you can see is massive concrete strutts that hold up the metro and the buildings opposite - not at all what we expected.Aquadventure - good fun - we went there twice, Dubai really do know how to build a water park. This is worth going to. I'm stll undecided as to which is best - this one or Wild Wadi - my husband thinks Wild Wadi.Food - the beach bars are expensive for what you get - I think the cheapest thing on the menue was a £12 hot dog! Your looking at £35 for 2 for lunch. We got dressed up for dinner and decided to go to Saffron - I felt SO overdressed in my heels and dress, next to others with jeans and t-shirts on! Saffron is more of a family restaurant. The food however was excellent - can't fault it, but the experience is not what I had in mind (we found out later that this is one of 2 places you eat if your all inclusive) it had a canteen feel about it. Overall this hotel is worth going to to see the chamber of secrets, the aqurium and use the waterpark (which is free if you stay). I would not want to stay here for any length of time, its overcrowded, old fashioned decor lets it down and it just doesn't work for me, there are better hotles in dubai.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fantasticexcitingbrilliant experience	Stayed on a 2 day stop over en route to the UK, with my 2 sons aged 13 and 10, what a sight to see after an 11 hour flight from Perth Australia getting to the hotel at 7am, they checked us in straight away even though rooms not available until 2pm. Reception staff were quick, proffesional, efficent, charming, made us feel very welcome.Had one of their cheapest rooms on level 5, stunning views over the gulf from the balcony, too hot to sit outside and look at it too aften though, but on every glance out we saw luxurious boat after boat, sunseekers, mustangs, sports cruisers, just pure oppulence speeding up and down the coast.The guy who bought our luggage up explained about the room safe and the mini bar, dont take anything out as it is automatically charged for. showed us how to work the tv, the airconditioner etc.We went exploring immediately, everyone so friendly and welcoming, decided to have breakfast at Saffron restaurant, lovelly, choice of food amazing, like a trip around the world for your stomach, went there that night and the4 next day for another breakfast too, just perfect couldnt have wanted for anything else.Spent the day by the pool, overlooking the monorail and looking back on the most amzing place on earth they call Dubai.. The adjoining water park, the lost chambers all free as we were guests at the hotel, and what a wonderful experience they all were, the food sold in the park was good, the drinks readily available, lifeguards every 20 metres, all smiling, everyone happy, calm, no bad language, no out of control screaming teenagers, just loads of people from all countries all shapes and sizes all having a wonderful time.Atlantis very highly recommended, safe, warm, wonderfully inviting hotel, with the most amazing cars parked in the car park, we spent an hour looking at the contents of the car park, (Boys will be boys) like a Top Gear 5 star special, Couldnt fault any of it, and cannot recommend it enough.	
Jul 21 2009 	Amazing Incredible Unbelievable.	We are an Australian family of 5 who stayed at the Atlantis for 4 days on our way home from Europe. Childrens ages are 17, 13 &amp; 11. This was the most amazing Hotel I have ever seen. Visually it blows you away. It has so much to offer for the kids. A huge waterpark which has about 13 slides, a lazy river, a white water rafting river and a play area for the little kids to keep out of harms way. There is one slide that is 9 storeys high which my husband is still trying to figure out why he went on it. Its not for the faint hearted. He did it in 6 seconds which was a record. A word of advice: The bigger you are the faster you fall. The hospitality was second to none and we found that even the guests started greeting you in the motel as the kindness wore off on to you. I wore a permanent smile for 4 days. The rooms are also of a high quality. Certainly no expense spared. The food in the restaurants was absolutely delicious. The buffet breakfast offered every quisine imaginable. Make sure you swim with the dolphins. It was an experience I will never forget. Any trip overseas will now include a stopover in the Atlantis for me. Its worth every cent. The McPherson Family, Seabrook, Victoria, Australia.	
Jul 20 2009 	Impressive but they charge like an angry Rhinoceros	Atlantis is an odd mixture. Six star public areas give an amazing first impression - fabulous marble floors, exotic sculptures, the Atlantis theme faithfully played out are all world class.The rooms (and we had a better than average one) are simply good 4 star world business hotel standard - nice bathrooms with separate showers and loos, OK TVs, comfy bed, good (quietish) aircon.Staff (innumerable) are industrious, polite, keen and pleasant. Almost too keen sometimes.Thus far, the hotel would be a £200 a night one.The main attractions, of course, are the water park and the aquarium. Both are free to guests. The water park is excellent - lots of rides including a children's sub-park for people less than 1.2 metres tall. The main rides from easy to downright terrifying, beautifully run, clean, tidy, loads of sunloungers, basically excellent. Worth about another £60 a room, really, but you would tire after three days of it.The aquarium is also excellent, again themed elaborately on the Atlantis theme. It is more impressive than the London Aquarium, and has the added bonus that you can view it as the lights are lowered and see night-time fish behaviour, which normally you would miss. Again, three or four one hour visits is ample.So far so good. What are the downsides?- first, the whole park and pool area is suffused by very loud musak - so loud you actually have to speak up to get past it. You cannot escape it when you are outdoors.- second, everything you buy in this hotel is marked up to a ludicrous degree. A bottle of corona beer is £8. Two starters and two glasses of chilean sauvignon blanc in the beach bar - £60. Breakfast - £28 a head. Wine - dont even ask! You cant buy alcohol in a shop in Dubai without a licence, so forget any idea of hopping down to the offie to stock up your fridge. The markups are doubly ridiculous when you consider that the average staff salary is about £200 a month.- third - a detail, but they are still getting the management systems bedded down - we booked a wakeup call and got four, five minutes apart.- the pay-per-view movie selection is dire, and expensive at £8 a throw. Only about 40 to choose from in total, which is weird in a billion pound property.So, this hotel is a destination yes, and an event in its own right, but I wouldnt suggest staying more than three days, take your own booze, get a full meal plan if you can, padlock the minibar, and get a sea-view room away from the musak. Take your own dvds and player.	
Jul 19 2009 	Package holiday feel with Dubai prices.... over hyped!!!	Staying at the Atlantis has been a bit of a let down. We have spent 4 previous years staying at the Arabian court, part of the one and only chain and compared to that hotel this has both a different feel and different target market. The hotel is impressive, excellent quality and built to high Dubai standards. However as the hotel owners have obviously decided to recoup their investment as early as possible they have managed to destroy the atmosphere by discounting the rooms to achieve 100% occupancy, charging for as much as they can during your stay. If you like to queue at breakfast for 15 minutes or sit less than 1mtr away from a stranger on a sunbed around the pool then this is the hotel for you. Over crowded, busy, noisy and too big is how I would describe this hotel. The service is lacking due to the obvious guest numbers and so you often find dinner plates not cleared away or people just waiting for service from anyone. Never once was the main hotel lobby free of lots and lots of people. The atmosphere is one of a cheap spanish package holiday from the late 80's. To add to the problem locals are allowed to visit the hotel to view the Lost Chambers or to the Aquaventure for which the hotel charges. The Lost Chambers are in the ground floor of the main hotel so you have lots of passing crowds visiting inside the main hotel.I would recommend taking the half board option as the cost of a breakfast for a family of four would be around £80.00. However the half board option only allows you to eat in two restaurants both of which are buffet style - of the two the Saffron is the better. The result is considerable over crowding, noise, poor quality and lack of service, the staff work very hard but due to numbers they are hard pressed to deliver 5 star service. They do have lots of other restaurants but if you have paid for a two week stay and do not opt for the half board option it is likely to add £3-4k to your stay for a family of four. it would be so much better if they allowed you to transfer some of your meal entitlement to other restaurants and allow guests to pay the difference.The children do love aquaventure and that is a big lure to the hotel but some locals told me they purchased entry tickets for AED 175.00 which is competitive compared to Wild Wadi. Drinks are amazingly expensive and that includes water and soft drinks.Compared to the Jumierah Beach or the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage this hotel comes third in atmosphere but top in charges...	
Jul 19 2009 	Fabulous	I couldn't fault anything about this hotel. Fantastic, friendly staff, spacious and beautifully clean rooms and great restaurants. The whole 5 days I spent here were amazing and the service was first class. Also it was nowhere near as expensive as some of the other reviews said and as it is 'quiet season` there were numerous food and drinks offers available. The waterpark &amp; lost chambers are free to guests and were well worth a visit (although some of the features in aquaventure are not for the faint-hearted!). Would definitely stay here again. They also offer free shuttle bus services to 2 of the shopping malls but a taxi to Mall of the emirates was only 40 dirhams each way and took approx 25 mins.	
Jul 16 2009 	Not all that it's cracked up to be......	As we are regular holiday makers to Dubai, we felt a change from the usual Jumeriah Beach hotel was in order, however, I was glad that we still had 8 nights at an old favourite and 8 nights at the Atlantis as I would not have liked to spend the whole holiday there. I was reminded of a Las Vegas style and proportion hotel on first impressions. I was immediately disappointed in the service, we specifically requested a non smoking room only to be put in one with a liberal supply of ashtrays! We were not offered any option on check in and working in healthcare, specifically in chest medicine, I would not spend my holiday in an ex smoking environment. However this was rectified after a trip back to reception desk to a non smoking floor with an excellent view over the Palm. Unlike other visitors, we were not given a rundown of the hotel or explanation of where we could eat, this was up to us to find out. The outdoor areas were excellent, although I do agree with other reviewers that the pool was quite basic and some interesting features would have been nice. The Aquaventure was good fun and much better than Wild Wadi, howver, had we not been guests of the hotel, I would have been loathe to pay the rather steep admission prices. I also felt that the prices for Dolphin Bay and to feed the fish in the Ambassador Lagoon was excessive for hotel guests.Other downsides were that the turndown service did not occur every night and small details evident at Jumeriah were missing such as vanity kits, I had to request gowns and slippers, room service was slow and service in restaurants was not always up to the mark apart from a select few waiters.However, when any issues were taken to management, the individuals concerned tried their best to rectify problems but I feel that we should not have had to bring anything to their attention at all!!!!Having seen it and done it, I had a reasonable time but would not rush back but I would not discourage others from trying it out as obviously others experiences have varied according to reviews.	
Jul 16 2009 	Once in a lifetime experience - but thats about all!	My family and I stayed three nights at the Atlantis following a three night stay at the Westin.From the outside the hotel is very impressive and very big, but having arrived at the hotel around 12.00pm, we were requested to wait at the Hospitality lounge for two hours before getting our room which was on the 15th floor of the hotel.The room was clean and large. We opted for the HB option from our Tour operator (Travel Dubai) which was a good idea since we only paid £24/adult and £14/kid, as opposed to the 175AED when eating. Drinks are expensive, and beware if your not drinking alcohol, there is no happy hour reduction. The shore charged £54.00 for one panini and 2 bowls of spagetti with three soft drinks.If youve got a restricted diet - i.e. you cannot eat Halal meat - stay well away from the meat dishes, since none of them are pork.The waterpark is amazing - however the rides are rough and as with me expect cuts and bruises.The aquarium is large - however there are no details of the fish your are viewing.In all the hotel is large - and its a shame they don't offer an inclusive deal for families.The beach is man made and there were alot of jelly fish - be warned.	
Jul 15 2009 	Impressive hotel	I stayed here for 3 days and it's amazing. This hotel is like a village, you even need a map to go through. It has a Spa, 16 bars and restaurants, disco, tennis court, swimmpool, shops, aquarium, dolphin bay, aquatic park...You need to stay here for a week to know all the corners of the hotel.All the staff was very nice, they paid attention to evry single detail.The room was amazing, was a double room and the bathroom was connected to the room through a mobile wooden door, so I could watch the TV from the bath! it had balcony as well overlooking the sea and the swimmpool.Everything is amazing in this hotel :)	
Jul 15 2009 	Amazing	We stayed 3 days just for the experience and it was totally amazing. The hotel, staff, facilities and service were all first class. The hotel was full but there was never any shortage of sun beds around the pool or on the beach and staff are always on hand to lay out your towel, get drinks, give you directions, transport you to different areas in the hotel grounds, in fact everything you would expect of a luxury hotel.We paid an extra £25 per head to go half board and it was well worth it. The restaurants in general were expensive but the food in the two buffet restaurants we could use was fantastic. We have stayed in some very good hotels over the years but never seen such a variety of food on offer and it was all freshly cooked and continually topped up. We never had to queue to get in or to be served which was surprising considering how many guests there were.The aquarium which has 15,000 fish including a whale shark, is mesmerizing. The Aquaventure Park adjacent to the hotel is great fun even for more mature tourists like ourselves and was a good way to keep cool in the heat.It was our fourth trip to Dubai but the first to Atlantis and we would certainly go back.	
Jul 13 2009 	THE best hotel in the world	OK, where to start? First of all, the best buffet in the world is located on the first floor: the Saffron restaurant. All you can eat food in many small buffets (incl salad, soups, Indian, sushi, Chinese food, Thai, Italian, American, dessert, chocolate, ect, ect). All that for 60 US$. Unbeatable.The beach is very nice. During the day, it is very hot (but it's Dubai) so they bring you some Popsicle sticks! During the night, the city illuminated is awesome, and the shisha is delicious! The staff is incredibly nice and helpful. They would do anything they can to ensure you have the best stay of your life. Bravo!It is THE best hotel in the world.	
Jul 13 2009 	we loved it	We stayed from the 23rd to the 25th of June, the trip from the airport took quite a while and cost around £20. We were able to check in at 830am which was good. It definately has the wow factor, the aquarium needs to be seen and the water park, especially the 'leap of faith' was great dont expect to see the fish as you shoot through the tank like a speeding bullet there is another ride that goes into a tube in the tank which is more sedate. The staff were great it is a bit far away from the main parts of Dubai we wanted to see but taxi's were cheap and plentiful. The Emirates golf course is at the bottom of the Palm so that was handy. We ate at the Levantine one night the meal was excellent, drinks as you would expect were pricey. We enjoyed it very much.	
Jul 13 2009 	Good but nothing superbly great...	The Atlantis is one of those hotels that is more about the hype. We went here for our honeymoon and found it quite ok. Needless to say it was extremely overpriced but the accomodation came with entry to the waterpark (which was quite nice). The lobby was extremely crowded at any time and did not seem air-conditioned! However, we had a pleasant stay and the staff were great! We even got a complimentary cake wishing us a happy honeymoon!	
Jul 13 2009 	Superb property with not so superb service..	We stayed at the Atlantis for only 1 night out of our five nights in Dubai. I wanted to stay longer but my wife refused to as July is super hot and she knew we would have stayed outdoors through out our stay at the Atlantis, after arriving I agreed with her completely. The rooms are very average five star rooms with palm or sea view, the lobby restaurants, and the public spaces are spectacular. If you are looking for exclusivity, this is not the place, it is more of a family resort with thousands of guests. The service is very average, and also below average at some times, for instance we called for some ice in the room and didn't receive any for half an hour, when we called again they told us that there was an ice machine on every floor and we could get it our selves, she could have told the same thing to us the first time we had called. The hotel also tends to mislead on somethings, when I had made the booking we were marketed a promotion that came with a free second spa service if you payed for one, when we went to the spa they had no idea of such promotion and refused. Then I called the reservation office which conformed about the promotion and seed that they could not do anything about it and asked me to explain the situation to the spa directly. The buffet restaurant saffron is excellent, with very high quality, abandon options, and exquisite presentations. The water park is also fun however nothing compared to some in the US, The Dolphin bay is very good, however overpriced.. In conclusion the over all experience as good, and fun, I would definitely go back with my kids someday...	
Jul 13 2009 	Superb hotel - would recommend to everyone	My partner and I have been holidaying in Dubai for the past six years, mainly staying in the Jumeriah Beach Hotel on Club Exec basis.On this occasion, our friends (2 adults, three children aged 3,10,12) decided to join us as they were celebrating their 10 wedding anniversary and wanted somenthing special.First, we stayed 5 nights at Jumeirah Beach Hotel and thoroughly enjoyed our stay there, before moving on to Atlantis for a further four nights (staying Imperial Club basis).Before I tell you of our experience, I want to try to draw a line under the majority of negative reviews which have preceeded me, and which I can only put down to it having teething problems during its first year of opening. I must admit I had thought of changing hotels from reading some of the poor reviews, however I neednt of worried they seemed to have listened to all points raised and addressed and resolved any problems.We arrived and were checked in within minutes, and escorted to our room by a very helpful gentleman who explained where all the facilities where in the hotel and our bags arrived shortly afterwards.The rooms were extremely well furnished and the bathroom was amazing - turndown and cleaning were done efficiently every day/night of our stay.The hotel itself is huge, but beautiful with the staff attentive and the service polite and friendly.Spa was superb and the massages very relaxing - offer was on when we were there, buy one massage and get one free, which meant two full body, one hour massages for only £70 - not bad at all.We ate at two of the restaurants, Ronda Locateli (Italian) and Saffron (Buffet), both of which were a lovely experience, however I would definately recommend Saffron more so due to the amazing choice of food - everything type of food you could imagine from seafood (including lobster and oysters) to indian to chinese etc... followed by a huge display of sweets including a chocolate fountain - all for £40 per adult and £20 per child.You could get a decent bottle of wine with dinner for around £20, with a vodka and coke costing around £6. There were always special dining offers on for different restaurants, so check them out and save a quid.The two pools were nice, however we thought rather plain in contrast to the Club Exec pool in Jumeirah beach which had winding routes, bubble areas and swim up bar - strange they never really thought of making it a little more interesting, but very nice and clean. The best thing about the pool area were the Cabanas which you could hire either for a full or half day. We used to go to the waterpark in the morning then hire one of these for the afternoon - it included Cabana, table and chairs, private sunloungers, Fatboy bean bags, cold drinking water and a fresh fruit basket served on ice. The cost for a single one was £10 for half a day or for one more than double the size was £30 - well worth the treat if you are planning an afternoon by the pool.As to Aqua Adventure Water Park - this was also excellent and we spent many hours there. We are big fans of Wild Wadi Water Park and thought Aqua Adventure was just as good - it has different rides and it was good to experience both water parks during our stay.Aquarium was as very good and mesmerising - free for hotel guests and worth several visits.My final comment would be regarding the prices whilst over there - Dubai is, and always has been expensive ( I have always described it to London prices). There have been scare stories about glasses of Diet Coke costing £10 by the pool, however this is not true - the price is actually 17 UAE Dirhams which works out to just under £3, and a bottle of lager is around £6 - yes this is expensive, but not unusual. We found the meals by the pool to be quite a decent size and often shared between two. The prices in Aqua Adventure are slightly cheaper as they are also selling to the public.All in all we had a fabulous time in a wonderful hotel with polite and good mannered staff, and we would recommend this hotel to everyone.If you have booked or are looking to be book, please do not worry or be put off by some of the old reviews - I can personally assure you that they have got their act together and it is now one of the best in Dubai - we will be returning.	
Jul 13 2009 	Impressive hotel with great service	Stayed at the Atlantis July 5 to 10 and had a great time.The general level staff service was very good and friendly although some days the room housekeeping was a bit hit and miss.This is a great hotel if you have kids, but for a couple or for adults go to Al Qasr in the Madinat Jumeriah complex or Le Royal Meridian.The food and drink is very expensive so make use of the cheep taxis to get into town / shopping centres for dining.Swimming pools and sun areas are very good.Dont miss the water park evening openings on Thursdays which is free to hotel guests and well worth it with fireworks on the beach at 11:30.	
Jul 11 2009 	Mindblowing Luxury but you pay for it!	This hotel is very very expensive, but its worth it in my eyes . The check in hall is just a 'wow' affair with a massive glass waterfall centre piece, which kinda sets the scene for the whole hotel! Rooms are big with all the essential amenities but they have a fantastic bathroom, with fluffy robes and great spa lotions and potions.Food is very pricey in the hotel but you cant really go anywhere else for food unless you go in to Dubai city centre or to the near by souk at the Burj Al Arab. Taxis are cheap so getting around is easy.The waterpark which is attached to the hotel is amazing, with the longest lazy river in the world, and a great rapids. Think Centre Parcs but with more money and much hotter!! This was our first hotel on a round the world trip and we stayed for 2 nights to be honest we wouldnt stay any longer than that...but its worth a trip!	
Jul 11 2009 	Wonderful ***	This was our first real exotic hoilday abroad with young children ( 5 and 2 ) and having stayed in dubai before ( le meridian royal beach ) without childen, we were worried that it may not be family friendly.We loved the hotel and had such a relaxing stay which is a miracle with a two year old. I could not fault the service at all. Everyone was really helpful and every single member of staff i approached were very knowledgable. For example restaurant staff could give us info on shuttle times and the aquarium. The conceierge were great. Food was lovely. Plenty of choice and 2 nice restaurants suitable for families.Perhaps my only criticism is that the childrens club is based indoors. It would be nice if there were some outdoor activities for them. Also children have to be 4 to go to kids club which meant no adult time for us.Also more family bedrooms with seperate bedrooms. Once the kids were asleep, we had to whisper to each other all night.Overall i would visit again. In fact we have just booked to go back in sep this year!!!Cant be that bad, we have travelled all over the world, and this is definately up there with the best.	
Jul 7 2009 	Atlantis the flop	If you want Disney then this is the place for you, if you are looking for the same experience as Atlantis Barbados then this is not the place for you.Seriously I have nothing to say that is good about this Hotel except they have a sister Hotel or at least same owner the Royal Mirage at the foot of the Palm and If I was you stay there.The Hotel is Shocking and Sol Kerzner needs to look at who is managing the property, he should be embaressed with the consistancy, Barbados Rocks but Dubai Atlantis is just nothing and I mean Nothing in comparison.I was there for an event with collagues and I use most Hotels in Dubai for my events but lets just say that is the last event I will have in Atlantis as in the last three months it has deteriated from bad to worse to just a joke, if you hold an event at Atlantis Barbados you get a real experience and an idea on how to manage guests, Events team Atlantis sorry but poor mans brother.Food wise yep once again Dubai mentallity has come through and nothing more so than Dubais Atlantis, we know everything attutude and yet they cannot serve a beverage or one dish that is a worthy comment. I can understand why people rave about Atlantis and if you stand in the Lobby for 10 minutes you will understand why, waterloo Train station London rings a bell in my mind. Nobu what were you thinking joining partners with these Guys, Nobu should be in the Royal Mirage where there is class.Locatelli are you aware of what these guys are doing to your good name, but seriously the events food and room service is just shockingly priced and just laughable. sorry to the Chefs but seriously look around the world and get an idea on whats going on or just look at your sister Hotel at the end of the Palm. My Next event thats where I am heading.Last point Atlantis, maybe if you stopped and got of your high horse have a look around, treat your guests with a little more respect and probaly your own people, stop patting yourselves on the back for good job and realise that your operation is a sham.SOL KERZNER GET INVOLVED MATE.	
Jul 7 2009 	Unique experience that shouldn't be missed.	For all those reading the many negative reviews below I’d like you to focus for a moment on what’s the biggest reason for them, the cost of the meals at the restaurants in Atlantis. Well, you do not have to stay in Atlantis or on the Palm for that matter to eat as taxi’s in Dubai are considerably cheaper than in the UK so therefore let’s discount those straight away shall we. Right now that’s out of the way I’ll give you our account of our 6 day stay @ Atlantis in June 2009.When we arrived at Atlantis we were greeted by the bellboys and whisked by what seemed about 5 different staff through to the main lobby and Check-In. Even though we arrived before 09:00 in the morning and our allocated ‘Atlantis’ room was still being cleaned we were offered an alternative so we could check in straight away. In the end this turned out to be a better room in our mind as ‘our‘ room was a King on the 21st floor with a Palm view yet we were given a ‘Queen’ room with two queen size beds on the 18th floor, again with a magnificent Palm view. To say we were happy with the room (which was huge and well designed – loved the opening wooden doors that revealed the bath and then the bathroom) would be an understatement. Room was well stocked with free bottled water (an endless supply, just call downstairs for it to be replenished), free bowl of fruit every morning, lots of excellent quality branded cappuccino/mocha and tea sachets replaced each morning if you had used them and quality (Floris) toiletries, again replenished on a daily basis. Have I mentioned the view? Well I’ve included a photo with this review so you can all see what I’m talking about. Magnificent, looking almost straight down the trunk of the Palm, directly over the Royal Pool and Levantine, the smart but casual chill out bar which is just off the lobby.I’ll not bore everybody with every detail of our stay but having been to Dubai twice before in the previous yr this was by far our most enjoyable stay, even with the temps (average of 43 for our stay) being up on what we had previously experienced in Dubai.The things you need to know to decide whether you want to spend your hard earned cash coming here:Rooms – We had an Atlantis room which generally means you get a higher floor and it could not be faulted, as stated above. It also has a decent size fridge so buy your cheap duty free as you arrive in Dubai and keep your mixers for it chilled in here. Saves on the drinks bills in the hotel.Staff – On the whole, exemplary. Nothing is too much trouble. Every one of them greets you with a good morning or good evening. Calls to Guest services are responded to immediately. It took a member of staff less than 4 mins to get up 18 floors in the lift to fix our broken safe keypad! The people on Concierge and Check In could probably do with some more English lessons but that’s it.Location – Amazing, especially if you get a Palm view. The view back to Dubai is so striking and gives such a different perspective on the place than from any other hotel, for obvious reasons.Ability to eat without needing a 2nd mortgage – As previous people have already commented, the breakfast was legendary and certainly keeps you going all day and for the evening, yes, by getting a 20 dirham taxi off the Palm and eating at any of the many restaurants that now hug the Marina which is located just off the trunk of the Palm or eating at Nasimi Beach Bar by the Zero pool adjacent to the West Tower of Atlantis. 2 courses for £20 or 3 for £25 and the food was excellent with good portion sizes.Amenities – Second to none. There is plenty of sun loungers (complete with your own canopy) around the pools. Our tip would be to go to the Zero pool by the West Wing which was generally quieter and more chilled out. You also have free access to Aquaventure where there are at least half a dozen more small lagoons that have hundreds of sun loungers around them and on at least one occasion we had the whole lagoon to ourselves! Funky chill out music in a Hed Kandi style is pumped out of discreet (shaped like green mushroom heads) Bose speakers throughout both the hotel grounds and Aquaventure so if you like that style of music there’s no need to bring your Ipod down to the pool. Cold flannels and sorbet ice lollies are brought round in the morning and afternoon around the pools in the hotel grounds, which is also a nice touch. In summary, if you can get a deal either online or from your local travel agent to come to Atlantis I would not hesitate in recommending it. If you are on any kind of budget, you obviously have to use some common sense to ensure you do not end up with a hefty hotel room bill to pay at the end of your stay. Our bill for 5 Nights/6 Days was a very affordable 240 Dirham’s (£40) and that included internet use, food from Aquaventure and some drinks at Nasimi (Happy Hour of course!). It’s an absolutely fantastic place with all those little touches you’d expect from a five star and it doesn’t disappoint.	
Jul 6 2009 	the dream didn't deliver	Be prepared !! once the grandeur of the magnificent architecture and luxurious decor wears of you may feel like one of their 65,000 marine creatures stuck in the aquarium bored and disillusioned. Honestly no one can dispute what a marvellous looking building this is inside and out it is very impressive and why we wanted to go. But after a couple of days we were all bored and disappointed with the place. My husband and I took our daughter aged 10 and son aged 14 months. Some staff were snooty and only interested in the rich and famous (of which there were plenty paris hilton,john terry and anelka to name but a few) but unless you have equal status I can't see how the holiday can be enjoyed. The waterparks not a patch on wild wadi no surf rides or wave pool, a fast food lunch for the three of us with soft drinks was £60!! (cheapest option). Dinner was always ok but for astronomical prices again cheaper option 2 adult dinners and 1 child with soft drinks in their buffet restraunts £180 , the food was good but not amazing service was ok and there wasn't any amosphere no entertainment of any kind you always felt oblidged to eat and move along. Children are banned from bars so the only place you could drink after dinner was the lobby (if you could find a seat) but they made it difficult at night the place is just not family friendly. For children the kids club take them from age 4 for around £20 per child per hour and they're not that happy with you checking the place over. For that price I'd expect much much more than there was and my daughter likes to come and go rather than be timed. The rooms again just ok some nice features like bathroom sliding door views but small and housekeeping amused us they seemed to clean the rooms one half one day the other the next. Toiletries were replaced with half full bottlles and not new ones!! no finishing touches like chocolate on the pillow. We might sound like grumpy stingy brits but we stayed at the jumeriah beach hotel 3 years running and the prices aren't cheap but standards and service are excellent all round rooms,staff,restraunts, food and facilities and we simply expected this to be a least as good if not better but it wasn't a patch not even close so we spent the 2nd half of the holiday back and forward in a taxi to the one and only the best jumeriah beach hotel where we will go back next year.	
Jul 6 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	My wife and I visited Dubai and decided to stay on the Atlantis. We received a room upgrade as it was our 10th anniversary and the room overlooked the gulf sea.The hotel staff were fantastic. I read a lot of negative reviews from when the hotel first opened but glad to say that none of these applied during our stay. The hotel is soooo big you dont have to go offsight . Its not a quite place in the lobby as many tourists coming to have a look. Getting around is fairly easy as dont take long by taxi. The monorail had just opened tso had a little ride on that and the waterpark is awesome or for a quiter time try the private beach. The hotel has many restuarants catering for all tastes. Breakfast from all over the world. Along with typical English cuisine we had Nasi goreng (a Thai favourite of ours) , Japanese and even Indian one morning (!!)One critism we had was that the large aquarium housed a Whale shark, the tank was obviously too small for this beautiful mammal to nuture but apparently it was rescued and will be released when it gets bigger (umm keep an eye on this one). Overl, dont hesitate go for it. We would/ will definately be going back to the atlantis hotel.	
Jul 5 2009 	Once In A Lifetime - DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I visited Dubai for the second leg of our honeymoon. After reading the reviews on here I was slightly concerned, however I needn't have worried it was amazing. Yes it is expensive but you can still enjoy yourself without spending a fortune. You cannot expect to go to a five star hotel and not pay for it.We arrived early 5.30am and were given a room immediately, even though check in wasn't until 2.30pm. The rooms were gorgeous lovely marble bathroom and huge bed!!. As we were on honeymoon we received a beautiful handmade chocolate sculpture with chocolate dipped strawberries and a hand written congratulations card - what a lovely touch!!We had the chocolate fountain for breakfast in the Saffron restaurant - got to be done ! and visited Aqua adventure - out of this world. If you want a totally different experience, then the Atlantis is for you, we would definitely go back!!If you are on a budget though it is expensive, but worth it, especially for a honeymoon!!!	
Jul 5 2009 	Seen better!	Stayed at Atlantis for a week..We've previously stayed at jumeirah beach and mina a salaam and i would say they were 10 times better than Atlantis the service i recieved was the worse i have in any hotel. From first glimpse the hotel is amazing looking and i cant say nething was wrong with the look of the hotel but as time went on I dont know if i just went at the wrong time but the people working there didnt have a clue if i asked them a question..( so annoying and frustrating!)twice i was given the wrong time for the shuttle to the malls.Went to dolphin bay no cabbies came for 45 mins waited there in the scorching heat at midday and on top of that a cabby came and picked up two randomos walking by and turned round and went off! complained and the lady acted like a was crazy saying thats not possible i would never ever return to the hotel. Also mum and dads room AC broke and they dint even offer them another room, but on a lighter note the waterpark was reallly good and the food in the restaraunts was topclasss.. :) so i would visit them. Alsoo! i kno im a moanbag but i was really expecting something great we paid for two rooms £600 pounds a night and still we had to pay for the spa! I'd rather try out Al Qasr next time since the service i recieved in jumeirah hotels was excelllent!.. and at the end of my stay the staff who i was checking out with asked how was your stay i mentioned i dint enjoy it as much as i expected and she ignored me and smiled .. argh sucha bad stay wish i had one like the other reviews :(	
Jul 5 2009 	amazing	I have stayed in the burj ala arab,the one and only.The Atlantis is an amazing hotel yes it is very disney land style but far from cheap and tacky,The service is so amazing they did anything we requested for and the food was outstanding.The waterpark was so fun and i would tell everyone to stop at this hotel,It isnt that expensive but people who moan that they cant afford things or its too expensive should then go some where cheap and not put down such a great hotel.It has one of the best rated clubs in Dubai and there is plenty of restaurants to choose so you dont have to pay lots if you dont want to.Th erooms are great we were on the 22nd floor and the veiw was so romantic with the sun set,I travel all round the world and would rate this as amazing,Why would this hotel have such a great opening with the biggest firework display and have kylie open it if its so horrible.And there thursday night firework display is better than londons new year display is that not saying something	
Jul 4 2009 	Superb fo families	Just returned from a short break at Atlantis, having previously stayed 3 nights at the Mina a salam, and 2 nights at the burj al arab 4 years ago. Asked for room upgrade cheekily, and was personally escorted to a 12 th floor large room, with views of the palm.Room was typically up to standard,large bathroom with good quality shampoos, gels etc. Every member of staff said hello when passing, even had the lift button pressed for us. The overall standard and finish of atlantis was very high,giving the right impression youve spent your money well. The restaurants were very expensive, and we dined wherever we ended our day,which was much cheaper.The aqua park was superb,and spent several hours each day being silly. The lost chambers was also very good.As guests get free access to both it makes for a great value destination. Breakfast was also superbly varied,kept us going all day,but can be a que to get in.If its an upmarket hotel with ambience to suit then may be stay elsewhere, but for families i dont think theres much to beat it with only a 7 hour flight. Limo from airport £25, taxi to airport £12. Driving time barely half an hour.When dubai is finished goodbye florida. Ps you must try the skiing .	
Jul 3 2009 	beautiful place	after reading previous reviews about prices i was a bit worried but even though prices were high they were not as bad as i was expecting. Breakfast was wonderful there was 2 restaurants to have breakfast both on either side of the hotel i found the saffron one the best. the hotel was lovely and the staff very helpful and friendly nothing was too much trouble for them. the bed in my room was the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in and everything in dubai was immaculate and clean.the heat was unbearable and i was not able to sunbath on my lounger to sunbath i had to sit in the pool constantly, the hoods on the loungers were a god send and you also had to put towels on top of the hoods to block out the sun. the water park was slightly cheaper than the hotel for drinks a coke in there was 12 dirhams and 17 in the hotel. a kids meal in the water park was 35 dirhams the water park was nice but due to the heat it was too much effort to walk around and go on the slides.the lost chambers was a load of rubbish and i would not have been happy if i had to pay to go in there luckily as residents it was free. we took a taxi every night into the mall or marina as it was cheaper to eat out down there. the marina was very nice but also quiet found a lovely indian restaurant which was very reasonable in price. the mall of the emirates was massive and had a ski slope in there which is well worth a visit. the dubai mall had an ice rink in but was a lot further away than the emirates mall. taxis were quite reasonable from the hotel to the mall we worked it out depending on traffic as they run on meters they were costing anything from 25-30 dirhams which is around 4-5 pound.do not book any trips from the hotel were going to book a dessert safari from there brochure on the concirege but after a trip to the mall we found a tour operator there that did the same safari for half the price. the safari was good however i did not enjoy the sand dunning it was too hot and made me feel sick but the campsite and the food was very nice well worth doing and we went with fun tours situated in the mall of the emirates.water is left for you everyday but they only left 1 but if you want more just ask the room boys and they will give you more. dubai was nothing like i expected it to be it was a cross between new york with american malls. i enjoyed the holiday and the hotel was lovely but i would not be in a hurry to go back to dubai unless the price was cheap.on check out they also tried charging me for a bottle of whisky they said was taken from the mini bar but no one had taken it as i dont drink and my partner cant stand whisky so the only thing we could think of was the room boys. they did take the charge off but be careful.towels are provided at the hotel and water park. also they do come around the pool handing out lollies free of charge every day.	
Jul 2 2009 	AMAZING NEVER FORGOTTEN	Fantastic hotel you can feel much comfortable and you can amuse the highly service of the spa and the good taste of food and high service at the restaurants with its high variety and quality the aqua fun wa amazing ,reception staff was helpful ,room was very clean and my vacation was really unbeliveable fantastic	
Jul 1 2009 	Good experience - outstanding restaurants	Very large hotel complex with good entertainment facilities. Good for two days but certainly not for longer stay. No large twin beds in the suite but just a rather small mini-queensize-bed. Why don’t you offer two queen beds? One mattress is good for part-time enjoyment. Not all your clients like to sleep on the same mattress full-time.Suite in the East tower was very noisy because of the air conditioning system close by. We realised it only after we were already settled there and did not want to lose time when moving to another suite.Food was really outstanding in Ossiano and Nobu. The Asian breakfast choices at Saffron were excellent. Food at Nasimi was deficient – just “beach food”.Pools are good for kids. Not good for swimming.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel can't wait to go back!	We got back from Dubai last Saturday (27th June 09) after spending an amazing week in the Atlantis hotel.I've seen this place has again taken a bit of a hammering so I had to respond. Yes the place is expensive but people know what they are getting themselves into when they book their holidays here. We paid circa £15 in one of the restuarants for a pint of draught lager (I didn't know the price before I ordered it but I put that down to experience and wouldn't do it again).We had upgraded to the Imperial club which was circa £60 per person per day but when you consider the price of food and drink around the poolside (£4 for a litre of water, £18 for burger and chips etc) and the cost of alcohol around the pool, by the end of the day it paid for itself. The upgrade means you can access free soft drinks and snacks all day (and by snacks I mean good food, fresh fruit and some sweet sticky toffee puds!!) and it included 2 hours per day of free alcohol (6 - 8pm) so you don't need to drink a lot to enjoy the value.Breakfast in the hotel ranged from Chinese to Indian, Japanese to Italian to good ol fashioned bacon (beef bacon - thats what it said on the plate...) and eggs as well as the usual fruit and cereals etc. The rooms were clean and tidy, the staff were always friendly and would try their best to make your stay a relaxing one, we don't have a single complaint or problem about the hotel, the food or the staff.There were plenty of offers available in the restuarants if you did a little research (by which I mean having a quick read of the hotel brochure when you arrive). We ate in the NOBU restuarant for £25 per head for a 3 course meal and it was fantastic, the best fish I'd ever eaten! We also ate in Seafire (the best meal we had in the hotel all week in my opinion) which was VERY expensive (£180 for 4 of us, and that was only a main meal each, no starters or desert and we didn't have alcohol!!) but absolutely amazing! One of the other restuarants had a similar 2 course meal for £25 per head which again shows that you can get better value if you have a look around. There is a fantastic ice cream shop around the corner from Seafire which is definately worth a visit too.The waterpark was a great way of killing a few hours each day, relaxing as the sun beams down from above. The 'Leap of Faith' was certainly a good way to wake yourself up!The poolside and the beach were so relaxing, very quiet and peaceful you could just relax in the sun in peace ( for about 15 minutes then you need to cool off in the pool!).We swam with the dolphins which was an amazing experience and we also did the dune safari (don't book this through the hotel, there are flyers about the place, ring directly yourself as the hotel will hammer you with a booking fee!).If you get chance to visit the Burj Al Arab we would recommend the culinary flight experience, you eat in all of the Burg's restuarants which is an experience we will never forget. In terms of money we got a slightly better exchange rate paying for things by credit card and the exchange rate for cash over there was slightly better too (not massively but every little helps!!)The biggest tip we can give is, take flip flops!!! You could constantly see people running and muttering under their breathe as the ground gets that hot, you can't walk, YOU RUN!! We even saw a couple who had shared a flip flop each and were hopping the ground was that hot, very funny to watch!There were a few comments regarding the amount of building works which are ongoing at the moment and yes there are a lot, only one building is visible from the hotel beach and it is in the distance. For me if you are concentrating on that and complaining that it is a building site you are simply concentrating on the wrong things, just turn your head and enjoy staring into the blue sky instead!!We were gutted to be back on Sat pm, we loved every second of our week there and would go back tomorrow - AMAZING!!!Have a great holiday people!	
Jun 30 2009 	Family holiday for three kids (aged 1111 and 9) and two adults.	Atlantis Dubai – Family holiday for five!Positives‘Wow’ aquarium in Lobby which we were on awe of for first few days. Kids named some of the more distinctive sharks and fish.Further smaller aquariums and ‘touch’ pools in Lost Chambers – free to guests and good free half an hour’s entertainment for kids and adults.Buffet restaurants are great for kids and good choice. Very American style and you can have pizza, chocolate fountain and Haribos for breakfast if you want (kids need supervision to ensure they eat something other than pizza and sugar!) also cooked breakfast, cereal, fabulous array of fresh fruit, even Thai green curry!! Danish pastries were also delicious. Evening meals mainly consisted of a Chinese section, Indian Section and an English Section. Evening meals weren’t so great for kids and food was a little to unusual for two of our kids. Only occasionally were steamed ‘normal’ carrot, broccilli and cauliflower type vegetables available and rarely any type of potatoes or pasta. Plenty of different meat and fish dishes though. Juices free for breakfast.Rooms are a good size and adjoining available on request. Bathrooms also nice quality. Cleaned daily. Comments have been posted about thin walls but we heard no noise from adjoining rooms at all but you could hear corridor noise through the doors. Overall we were impressed with the room. Free bottle of 1.5 litres of water in each room each day.Taxi’s readily available and as always in Dubai they are cheap. Transfer from airport - £15 to hotel and £11 from hotel back to airport (not sure why one was cheaper?!). Journey approx half an hour.Staff very friendly and amenable. We have previously been very very spoilt at the One and Only Royal Mirage in Dubai and I must say we kept comparing it to the Royal Mirage. The service at the Atlantis was good but not the extra special ‘good’ we get at the Royal Mirage. There were also a few staff who really struggled with English doing things like taking orders which just made it very hard to place a simple drinks order sometime. We did order a bottle of Rose one evening which was like vinegar. They did swap it for a different one free of charge which was impressive! On the whole it was very good we have just been very very spoilt in the past with the One and Only. Probably unfair to compare the two but we did. Aquaventure staff were exceptional and incredible. Hotel staff not as good.Aquaventure – Great kids pool. My nine year old isn’t confident with water slides but by the end of the holiday he had gone on every slide except the Leap of Faith!! All the pool areas were shallow enough that they could touch the bottom at all times except during a wave in the torrents. Numerous lifeguards everywhere always with a ready smile, a “how you doing?”, “where are you from?” and a splash of water as you passed by to make everyone giggle. By the end of day two my nine year old had gone down the rapids relentlessly and several lifeguards them remembered his name for the entire holiday. They were fantastic. No problem getting sunbeds except on Dubai’s weekend (Friday and Saturday). Thursday night had entertainment and the pool was open until late which the kids loved. Nice not to worry about slapping on suncream as it was dark! Lifeguard told the kids that Frank Lampard had visited earlier in the week. Not sure if he was telling stories to entertain the kids but it shows they really want to keep kids happy and excited.Lazy river and rapids give you access to most of the park to save the soles of your feet from being burnt.During the Thursday night Aquaventure entertainment you get chance to feed the rays and visit the Dolphin Park. It was something mad like £400-£500 for the five of us to swim with the Dolphins (you could do this near the creek for approx £200 for five . . . we didn’t do either). The dolphin park put on a display during the entertainment but it was basically an advert to get bookings for their “deep water experience” and “shallow water experience”. Reasonably entertaining but don’t get too excited.Had the feel of a Vegas type hotel. Comments were posted on here that it was too busy in the lobby areas. It wasn’t as busy as Vegas hotels. Yes there were a lot of people around at times but you weren’t fighting through the crowds and it wasn’t too bad Sunday – Thursday (Dubai’s weekdays). You could always get to the front of an aquarium wall easily.Palace Pool – Busy, vibrant and bustling. Not our scene but others may love the noisy music and crowds.Zero Entry Pool – Fabulous, calm, free ice lollies for kids, free ‘spritz’ where they spray you all over with cool water whilst you sunbathe. Quiet and more intimate area which is also perfect for small children as the water level starts at toe deep and works up to waist high on an adult. Wish we had discovered this before the last day. Hubby wished he had discovered it on Tuesday as John Terry had been sunbathing around it. Nasimi an absolute must for an evening drink. Try and go before 9pm if you have kids so they can enjoy the beach and its lighting. Failing that you can sit near the Zero Entry Pool with kids after 9pm. Really nice atmosphere and has to be done at least once.NegativesMilkshakes £6 each. Coke and 7Up around £3 each. Bottle of wine £24. Fruit juice included in breakfast cost but additional for evening meal.Only two buffet restaurants. No allowance towards eating in other restaurants inside the hotel. It’s either buffet or pay 100% to eat elsewhere inside or outside the hotel.Half board wasn’t something the Atlantis system supported. If you check your online bill on the TV in your room you’ll find “??? AED £280” or similar and it will be your meals which should be included. They will deduct these when you query them but in a 5*hotel or this calibre you shouldn’t have to mess around sorting this out. Especially as they kept charging my 11 year old as an adult rather than asking her age (the room was booked to 2 adults and 3 kids but we still had to argue the 3 adults 2 kids charges at Reception to get it credited). Poor and sloppy in terms of customer service in this area. The staff know it’s an issue but it still takes some time to sort.Silly things – tea and coffee making facilities in room don’t get topped up for your entire stay. They give you ample tea bags at breakfast so make sure you pocket a few. You shouldn’t have to though! Likewise, fruit bowl never topped up. Not great for this level of hotel to skim on fruit, tea bags, sugar bags and coffee sachets!Hotel magazine put through your door on Saturday which is fabulous and informative. Only trouble is we arrived on Sunday and only got one the day before we went. Why aren’t these left in all newly occupied rooms or handed out at Reception on check in? We learnt so much from this but too late. There is happy hour in some bars. Watch the moving photos in the lobby to see adverts showing which bars and times these apply to (2 for 1 but only applies to alcohol drinks so kids still pay full price).There was a language barrier with some staff which made simple tasks very difficult and time consuming. Not their fault but you couldn’t help but wonder how they had been employed to deal with the public. These staff were often from places like India so they would have really struggled with Arabic and Japanese tourists as well as some heavily accented UK tourists.Entertainment – only on a Thursday night (and I think that was for a limited period). The majority of the bars close at 9pm. The remaining ones restrict where children can sit (Nasimi won’t allow under 21’s on the fab beach area). Our kids (aged 9, 11 and 11) were sat really quietly, just enjoying having a conversation and we were asked to move at 9pm and chased at 9.10pm to get us off the beach. Such a shame. If they had been running rings around the beach I could have understood it but I guess they can’t have one rule for one family and another for the next. Kids felt distinctly put out by this which is a real shame in a family focussed hotel.Noise – cleaners hoovering outside bedroom doors at 9am in the morning when ‘do not disturb’ displayed on both our rooms. Noise travelled from corridor into room but they aren’t busy corridors so didn’t cause much of an issue.Aquaventure – BUY SHOES YOU CAN KEEP ON IN POOL AND ON WATER SLIDES. The floors around the swimming pools get incredibly hot and unless you are prepared to travel the 2km on the rapids you’ll have to walk to get from A to B and it isn’t pleasant. The bottom of the pool in places is also very rough (like fine sandpaper). All three of our kids had bleeding feet in more than one place. We are unsure if these were caused by burns or friction from the pool floor (as adults we didn’t experience this but the kids did the rapids to death) but one aggravated the other anyway and we were often mopping up blood and had limping, moaning kids taking the long walk back to the room with sore feet. You can wear goggles, hats, swimming glasses and shoes on all slides. It would be advisable to wear shoes that not only protect feet but also stay firmly on whilst going down the faster water slides.Queues for slides were very long on Friday and Saturday, the Dubai weekend. Sun beds were hard to find if not impossible.The slides which propelled you upwards caused serious damage to your bum if you weren’t wearing shorts. I was literally black and purple with bruises the size of golf balls and I promise I am not exaggerating. Kids were unscathed so suspect it was the larger adult female bums that took the pasting! The lifeguards tell you to lie across your rubber rings but inevitably your bum slips down into the ring and gets a clobbering at times!Aquarium areas seemed very full with fish or incredibly large fish in not so big aquariums. Couldn’t help but think it looked rather too overcrowded with fish or cruel that a 6-8ft long fish had been put into a less than 20 foot long aquarium. . . and there were usually more than one in there.SummaryAll in all it was a very impressive holiday and hotel. We were all ‘water parked’ out by day four but there was little else to do on site other than viewing the aquariums without spending a small fortune. Lacking in entertainment for kids but this hotel was much cheaper than other hotels such as Jumeriah beach so you get what you pay for. We were very happy with our package and value for money but we feel as though we’ve ‘done’ Atlantis so wouldn’t go back. Two weeks would be too long and a twin centre would be a good choice for families. Didn’t sample any restaurants other than Saffron or Kaleidoscope (buffet restaurants) they looked fab but we begrudged paying full price when we were half board. Only went to two bars. They seemed to close early unfortunately.Thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. Time change perfect for kids as they didn’t feel any time difference when we came back (a midnight bedtime there is same as a 9pm bedtime here . . . likewise a 10.30am wake up was the same as a 7.30am UK one).Value for money 9/10 on half board. Value for money on extras 2/10.Service in hotel 7/10.Lifeguards 10/10.Rooms 9/10.Hotel generally 9/10.Buffet restaurants 9/10.Overall 8.5/10	
Jun 30 2009 	Over rated!	stayed for 10 nights for our honeymoon plus took our 2 yr old daughter. was met at reception with frosty staff who had no record of our booking eventually gave us a room then demanded a credit card and 7000 dirham as deposit. (we were not informed anything about this before!) when informed did not have it with us they cheekly remarked we would have our phone locked and mini bar, and made out we would not be treated well in restuarants. this was infront of other people which was highly embarassing! had to call back and for to travel agents who were disgusted with the way that we were being treated. then were saying we were B&amp;B even though we paid for Half Board! again more phone calls till it was sorted. no apology or anything from Atlantis even though they told Gold Medal they were sending champagne as it was our honeymoon but nothing.the hotel itself is amazing to see but could be done as day trip nothing else! very disppointed in the staff and nobody really wants to tell you how things work or what to do its really find out for yourself.over priced in the hotel and the only restuarant which we found to be child friendly was Kaleidoscope, nothing for 2 yr olds.aquaventure great. wuould go back to dubai but definately a different hotel.	
Jun 28 2009 	Good for families	This is a huge hotel located at the end of the palms. It's about 25 minutes driving from the airport ( Not during rush hour ). Since it is too big, you expect to see lots of people coming and going so if you are looking for a quite place then this is not the right choice for you. However, if you are traveling with kids and teenagers then this is the perfect place. Ask for a room in the east tower which has a better location. The hotel is a fairytale style and very colorful....The amazing water rides at Aquaventure and a visit to the aquarium in the lost chamber are included with the room rate. Don't miss them out. For breakfast, I highly recommend the Saffron restaurant...One of the best for breakfast. All type of food from all around the world. The breakfast was included with my room rate but it usually costs around 50 USD per person. There are many other restaurants, tea rooms and bars all around the hotel. They are quite pricey but if you are looking for a reasonable place to have coffee try Starbucks at the Dolphins bay near the beach.The room was very clean and the bathroom was really spacious with a separate toilet and shower area. They offer a complimentary fruit platter and a large bottle of water.There is a kids corner where you can leave your kids and they charge 35 USD per hour. Don't miss the great spa area as well.A shuttle buggy will take you from one place to an other. The beach is really nice and the swimming pool area is great as well with a Latino music band.Every Thursday evening ( From 8pm to 12 am), there is a night party in Aquaventure with lots of jugglers, a live band and an amazing fireworks at the end.Overall, this is a great place to stay if you are looking for a great time with your family.	
Jun 27 2009 	A bit like Disneyland	We stayed at Atlantis and generally enjoyed our stay. The whole of Dubai feels quite fantastical and Atlantis is even more extravagant! We had a great time at the Water park Aquadventure and ate at the Italian and French restaurants. Both were fantastic and we thought the prices were quite reasonable. Obviously extras like drinks and minibar are expensive, but they are at all hotels. We thought the top notch restaurant prices were similar to home, and that is on the australian dollar! We arrived at 7am and were allowed to check in to our room which was fantastic after a 14 hour flight! The only thing we noticed was that the rooms were not sound proofed very well and there are a lot of noisy kids staying there!	
Jun 27 2009 	worst hotel ever stayed in and worst in dubai	From the outside this hotel looks fantastic. The service is so bad it is a joke. 3 times i asked for replacement face flannels - 3 times they failed to deliver them despite asking front desk to organise. Saul Kerzner this is a joke. The housekeeping will only clean your room if you persistently ask them and even then there is no guarantee that they will do it. The management should be fired and replaced - certainly the manager in charge of house keeping should go. You can do much better elsewhere - we stayed in the westin two weeks ago which is a much better hotel. if the GM sees this review he may fall on his sword and go. Best restaurant sea fire, worst restaurant nob you japanese. Most annoying phrase in hotel from atlantis staff '' have a nice day'' regards archi frew.	
Jun 27 2009	wow	what can i say stayed for 4days for my daughters 21st . wat a good choice food was excellent dined at nobu fantastic food excellent service. staff at hotel cant do enough nothing to much trouble even gave my daughter a cake for her birthday.food is expensive you know that before u go if u dont want 5star prices dont book 5star hotel we went on to stay at the westin and that was just as expensive as alantis .u could eat out as taxis were really cheap. i would imagine if u didnt have kids u would proberly hate it in july/aug as its deffo family hotel only down side all over dubai is the constant buildin work when i came in2007 i hardley noticed any now its every where.	
Jun 27 2009 	Dont judge till youve been	Went for a holiday in june for nine nights and was a bit apprehensive after reading some reviews. I didnt have to worry as it was a fabulous place and any problems there were have now been ironed out. We booked bed and breakfast as most do in dubai but our travel agent contacted us a month before we went and offered a half board upgrade for £22 per person per night and this saved us a lot of money compared to the restaurant prices when we got there. The kalidescope is the restaurant to go for evening buffet meals and is fantastic. Drinks are expensive even by dubai hotel standards but there is a happy hour at the shore bar every evening where drinks are half price and this lasts for two hours. the pool areas are nice and quiet but the areas that the public are allowed are a bit busy. Staff cannot do enough and are all very friendly, I found the hotel to be on a par with the Al Qsar and will almost certainly go back again. My tips are to go when there is a sale on, ask your travel agent first, ours sent us details of offers at the Palm and we paid average dubai prices.	
Jun 26 2009 	Absolutely Amazing!!!	We have just spent 5 days in this hotel and it is amazing. Service is second to none. Rooms and views are gorgeous. Lots of nice touches, such a cold face towels and ice creams by the pool on hot days. Our room was gorgeous, with a lovely view of the Palm. The Spa is also something to behold. It's the nicest one I've ever been too. We highly recommend the specialty restaurants, Seafire in particular. The steaks there are lovely as well as the atmosphere. The saffron restaurant with its chinese and indian buffet is also excellent. We had room service two nights as it was lovely to have our dinner whilst looking at the Dubai sky line, it is also cheaper than dining in any of the restaurants.....The hotel provides shuttle buses to both the Emirates Mall and the new Dubai Mall. We did this one day but would not recommend if you are not planning on spending money. It has everything you have hear from Gucci to Monsoon and Next, so nothing spectacular or different really. We also used the aquaventure park which is good fun for the whole family and has about ten different slides and rides including leap of faith which is a sheer verticle drop at 35 mph, (a must try if you can stomach it). There are golf buggy's to get you from the main hotel to either end of the resort, they are every five to ten minutes. We also went swimming with Dolphins which was well worth the money. If you don't like heat I would not recommend going in June as it was 43 degrees all the days we were there and its very humid from early morning until around lunch time, after that its just hot, so make sure you pick the right time to go. In short this hotel is amazing and will cater to your every need. I would recommend it to everybody. I wouldn't however fly with Virgin as they aren't worth the extra cost as the service wasn't great!.	
Jun 24 2009 	Don't park eat or drink	Went to Dubai for a 4 day break. Hotel was fine, rooms large &amp; comfortable and service good as you'd expect. Two things let it down. First the parking - unless you take the £20 valet option the parking arrangements are garbage - staff are unwilling/unable to explain the complimentary parking is miles away and the courtesy bus drops you near tower entrances - so expect a 10 minute walk back to the hotel properm budget on 30 mins to park and get back to your room!Don't ask for a cocktail, the barkeeper seems to have no knowledge or training and produced lousy drinks so stick to Johnny Black, Restaurtants were OK but not what's expected from a 5 star hotel. Particularly disappointing was the mediocre food at Ronda Locatelli. The food served wasn't even the food on the menu Lasaga al ragu - with bechamel (not ragu) insalata mista - heavily overdressed but underseasoned. We also ate Gordon Ramsey restaurant in the creek Hilton - MUCH better food.Would we go back - possibly, but next trip we're booked into Jumera beach.	
Jun 22 2009 	What a major let down !!	Family hotel ? I think not, very expensive. Staff are poor and have difficulty understanding basic requirements and get it wrong. Upon check in watcht out for the 7000 Dirhams (£1100) taken off your credit cardI.Inclusive meals are addded to your bill, its upto you to try and get your money back.# Free WiiF in the rooms, read the small print, I had to point this out to the manager, still cost. #Menus for kids are limited and expensive, Oh and you do not get what you order.#Breakfast - go early to avoid the 30 mins wait for a table# Avoid room service !! we checked out at 05:30, the restaurant opens at 06:00 your allowed to order upto 140 dirhams per person off the room service menu, once you order you cannot get much as the kids are only allowed 70 dirhams (which is a bowl of conflakes and a glass of juice) but the kids get charge the same rate for bed &amp; breakfast !! they then call you back at 23:00 to tell you that you have blown your budget. They do not get it that if your breakfast is to be delivered at 05:00 that you might just be asleep at 23:00.# The housekeeping start cleaning rooms about 07:30 and disregard the do not disturb signs, they just create loads of noise to way you up.# When you complain, the maangers seem to think your an idiot and do not understand what your problem is.# The hotel gets packed during the day and evening with sightseers, its a nightmare and you cannot move, Fridays !! Avoid, the roads outside are jam packed with thousands of people taking photos etc.Never again, 5 star in name only, you can get better for less in Dubai	
Jun 20 2009 	Awesome outstanding service glorious views wonderful food !!!	In summary, this hotel is an absolute delight, it has a lovely buzz of activity, service is awesome, the aquarium is stunning, the waterpark is full of fun things to do, the views are amazing and the food...its worth paying for !My partner and I stayed at the Atlantis for 4 nights and I have to say it was awesome. We arrived at 1am and check-in was swift and simple. We stayed in a terrace suite that I have to say was absolutely stunning (highly recommend to honeymooning couples) on entering there was a very spacious lounge area, huge plasma screen, seperate wc (ideal if you have guests and dont wont them walking through the bedroom area into the main bathroom) and a dining area. The bedroom was very spacious, huge super kingsize bed and then sliding double doors, led into a stunning bathroom with a huge central bath that easily fitted two people. In additon to this was another wc room and shower and also a walk in dressing area. The room was complete with sun loungers and table chairs on a huge balcony. The room had a minibar and there was tea, coffee and kettle in the cabinet. Water bottles were supplied free of charge and the fruit bowl was ideal if one had an attack of the nibbles. I easily logged onto the free wireless which is available in the hotel and rooms, this was simple to do and only took a few minutes. One can upgrade to broadband wireless for a small charge but we never had to do this as the free one was perfect for our needs.For goodies, there was an abundance of nice smellies, hairdryer was very good, free slippers and a robe (which you could opt to buy) flip flops for around the pool in large and medium size, dental things like toothbrushes, shaving kit, bath salts, sewing kit and so on......As for the rest of the hotel the aquarium is a sight to behold, apparently there are approx 65,000 fish (including whale shark) and I can honestly admit to standing for a minimum of 30 mins a day watching the curious activities of the stunning sting rays, sharks and tropical fish as we passed too and from breakfastWe used the gym every day and there was a good supply of machines (indeed we spotted a professional footballer going through an impressive exercise routine) there is free water, juices, fruit and sweat towels are supplied. Swimming pools are sizeable and chilled, with lots of shallow places to sit or lay enjoying both the sun and coolness of the water. Additionally, the pool attendants operated a rota of removing any towels that had been left to reserve sunbeds (those with no personal items), this was great in ensuring that at any time of the day, there were always some available. The pool attendants often handing out free ice sorbets during the hotest parts of the day ....or alternatively you could order something from the bar...service was always swift and smooth.The aquapark was brilliant, the lazy river and its mixture of rapids, torrents and other things were brilliant, what was impressive was that the water was never really more than waist deep..which made it ideal fun for both children and adults alike. Happy hours at some of the bars meant some drinks in the hotel were 2 for 1... this lasted for about an hour or two each evening. Live music was also available at one of the pool bars... indeed its worth noting that our room overlooked one of these.... and the music was not at all disturbing and finished at a good hour as well.Overall a great hotel, for families &amp; couples... perfect for a relaxing and fun break..... with a touch of luxury. Oh its worth noting that there is a &quot;big red bus&quot; company operating in dubai which has stops at a lot of the hotels including the atlantis. However, unlike in London were this is a great place to jump on and jump off this type of transport, Dubai is much bigger and there is a lot of time travelling between stops on the routes it uses. For example, we jumped on (10.30am) and booked two tickets (£80) but then found that from our stop we would need to stay on the bus for most of the day if we were to reach the dhow cruise down the dubai creek for 15.30 0r 18.30....... in the end we hired a taxi and it cost no more that £10's and for the rest of the holiday we simply used taxis, always good, clean and value for money.And finally a thank you to the lady concierge at the Atlantis who was always helpful and booked the most wonderful restaurant elsewherein dubai for our last evening and the rest of the staff at Atlantis for making our holiday just perfect x	
Jun 18 2009 	Not sure if it was what I had been looking for	I was looking for something more romantic and elegant but what I've found is the big differences among the pictures on the Atlantis website and the reality. Also didn't like the quality of the sand of the beach which is artificial. In terms of the price I would recommend somewhere else.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good for a one off experience	The stay in Atlantis was with a special summer offer (its hot in Dubai this time of year) 800 Dhs plus 20% tax for one night, free entrance to Aquaventure, Lost chambers, Kids club (didnt go there) Buy one get one free on massages(didnt do that either) Arriving at Atlantis at about 3:30pm to find the room that we were allocated was not ready, somewhat irritating given that check in is 2pm. discovering later that the reason for this was likely to be due to the knock on effect of if your room is not ready they give a late check out..... but they were incredibly disorganised and appeared to allocate rooms as and when people turned up not as per they booked. It appeared that they had a screen for finding potential rooms and then another one for determining whether the room was ready or not. We were keen to have one that was ready as we really didnt want to be in a state of limbo for the rest of the afternoon although apparently there is a guest hospitality room with tv, magazines and showers.After finally booking in, this process took about 30 mins, not too good with 2 kids keen to get up and out into the pool. Our room was very nice, 2 queen beds, Very comfy, a huge number of pillows very soft pillows! A bizzare (but fun if your there in a couple) bathroom with opening doors so that you can have a bath and still be part of the goings on in the room. The downside to this is that the door wasnt very sound proof so everything that went on in the bathroom could be heard in the bedroom.........If you have children you need to keep them away from the mini bar as it is one of those where if you remove something it automatically charges it to your room even if you dont drink it ! Could be expensive if they decide to remove everything from the frigde. There was a second smaller section where you could put your own drinks and the bottle of water (that was free and was replenished the second morning)The beds were turned down at night and a bowl of fruit was left in the room.After unpacking we hit the pool, very nice pool, interesting note that after about 4pm the pool is shadowed by the hotel and so is out of the sun, at least most of it is, This is ok at this time of year but may get chilly in the cooler months. The pool did get very busy later on on Friday afternoon. I think it shut at 7:30. The sun loungers were great though, no worry of the unmbrella being in right place, each lounger had its own hood so you could choose how much or how little of your body was in the sun.What was disapointing by the pool was the waiter service, this was incredibly slow. Almost worth buying 2 drinks at a time it was that slow. Although you may want to remember when by the pool that you are in a 5 star resort and as a result you will pay resort prices for drinks and food, if your not happy to do that then your best not going. Rough cost of drinks were, Corona 40 dhs, Breezer 42dhs Sprite 17dhs, ice lollies 15dhs. Part of the reason for this is because in Dubai you pay 20% for hotel taxes rather than 16% that you do in Abu Dhabi, But it was very slow, and they were a bit forgetfull, we had one round of drinks and then asked for another drink for me, and it never seemed to arrive, if i was very keen i would have gone up to the bar myself to get it but by then we decided that we were ready to go back to the room. The first evening we ate at the pool bar, a mexican, the kids had nuggets and chips. The service here was very slow too, i think had i not gone to find some menus myself i would still be waiting now for them. And the concept of having the drinks before the meal was lost on them. It was nice though and there was a band playing, they played quite late and you could here them in the room even though the window was shut. Worth thinking about if your a light sleeper (may be worth getting a room facing the ocean) Interesting point re the ocean, on the front of the hotel (entrance side) its worth taking 5 mins to look out at the sea as its one of the few places on this coast that you can look out into the ocean and not see cranes and construction.Day two started at the breakfast buffet, if your the type to eat a lot for breakfast then this is the place for you,, they have cereals, crepes, waffles, traditional breakfast menu items and in addtion some not so traditional breakfast items such as roast duck with pancakes. Children are half price, breakfasts are 175 Dhs. We went down at about 9 each day but from about 9:30 the queue for breakfast is really quite long, they appease those that are waiting by offering strawberries or plums whilst you wait. After breakfast we went to Aquaventure. If you are a hotel guest then the towels are free although you have to pay 35dhs for a locker. For none hotel guests then the lockers are 35 dhs and the towels 25 dhs if you want a locker and a towel then its 50 Dhs. We didnt have a locker so i dont know what sort of size there were.The drinks etc in the water park were cheaper than at the hotel. Most people wanted to sit on deckchairs as soon as you went into the park, consequently the areas around the two beach type areas were very busy but once out and about on the rides i realised that there was loads of places to sit and they were totally empty, so well worth walking to the right when entering the park and finding some seats over that way, especially if you are a large group that wants to sit together. I think we got to park at about 11:00 but it never really got very busy all day. the longest queue we were in was for the shark attack where you float on your ring through a tunnel that goes through a shark tank.There are 4 types of ride at the park, a long wave rider, which is like a river that suffers from a dam bust every 15 secs, so big waves flow around the river this is fun and good to get into the swing of things with. Then there are the rapids which you went up on a conveyor belt and then worked your way back down to the base river via a selection of fun fast runs. Then there is the rides that start with the letter Z (cant rememeber what they are called) they are in the pyramid and you go up a big conveyor on your ring and then go left or right and then down a tube, this is fast and fun and i think you can only do single tubes on these rides. If you dont want to go up the conveyor belt to the ride you can also go up the stairs.The Shark attack ride is nice as although it has a long dark tunnel which can be a bit scary if your not expecting it,the end riding through the shark tank is an interesting experience.After the day at aquaventure we went to the lost chambers, this is also free if you are staying at the hotel. It was great in there, although it would be useful if it had information indicating what each of the different displays was. there was a distinct lack of information regarding this. THere was however a helpful man on the touch the sea urchins area.SummaryWould i go againTo the hotel- maybe maybe notAquaventure- DefinitelyLost chambers- with visitors yes.	
Jun 17 2009 	Nice if you look from outside	I stayed in the hotel about 10 days and i can say it was not what I expected. The location, view, Aquaventure, aquarium and food were good, but on the other hand there were many difficulties and mismanagements in the hotel:First, the hotel charges you for almost everything for example the parking facility is only available through valet and the hotel charge you 50 Dhs for a parking pass and every time you give your car to a valet or ask them to bring your car they ask you whether you have paid the 50 Dhs for the parking pass or not and that is annoying, they couls only ask for the pass not whether you have paid for it or not (They also charge you 150 Dhs for valet if you were not a guest and i guess that was the reason they ask for your parking pass alot). Also when it is a crowded it almost takes 10 minutes to get to a valet or for them to bring your car.Second, the mini bar is electronic and if you even take one thing just to look at it they charge it to your bill and imagine being in a hotel with a 2.5 year old kid who goes and plays with the fridge once in a while and I had to call the room service and explain to them about the whole incident ant telling them to either empty the mini bar or lock it and after asking for 2 or 3 times they finally agreed to lock it.Third, the bathroom does not have a place for hanging wet clothes and you would see people hanging their wet swim wear and clothing from the balcony fence and for a luxury hotel that is not a pretty sight.Forth the television channels were very limited and mostly were free channels and very few entertainment channels, but the hotel has a pay per view channel instead.Fifth, one other thing in the charging everything to your bill part was the internet, in most hotels I have been to before using wireless and business center internet were free for the guests and only high-speed wired internet in the room had a charge here you had to pay 30 Dhs for 1 hour or 70 Dhs for a day or 300 Dhs for your whole stay for wireless internet and 15 Dhs for 15 minutes use of internet in the business center and 40 Dhs for an A4 print. (FYI 1US$=3.65DHS)Sixth, the room service was not very good took em 2 days to refill the hand washing liquid and only 3 times they replaced a sanitary bag in the toilet.For conclusion i recommend this hotel only if you want to use the Aquaveture every day since it is free for hotel guests and it makes the hotel costs reasonable, otherwise i recommend other hotels like for example Royal Meridien.	
Jun 12 2009 	Awesome	Only stayed one night but the hotel, food, water park and fish tank were amazing...! Would defintiely go again...!!!!	
Jun 11 2009 	American has Unbelievable Experience in Dubai!	There is really only one way to describe the Atlantis in Dubai and that is with the word &quot;WOW.&quot;From the minute you pull up to the Palm Island and see this unbelievable structure rise up out of the water you realize that this trip is going to be something amazing. We arrived to the beautiful lobby that really welcomes you with an Arabian vibe that gave me a taste of the culture I was hoping for. We were greeted with cold towels in the lobby so you aren't too hot and with refreshing air conditioning which is something I was concerned about considering I went in June and the temperature was around 100 degrees. We then saw our rooms which were beautiful and every room really has a nice view since the hotel is on the center of Palm Island. Overall, the rooms were awesome and I was excited to get to see the facility as I had heard about the water park and the great restaurants.While I was there I ate at:Locatelli - This was a nice start. A beautiful Italian restaurant where I had a delicious pasta dish. The pasta was great and tasted like it had been made fresh that day. Nobu - I have been to the Nobu in New York and it is one of the best meals I have ever eaten so I was excited about the Nobu in Dubai however I had my doubts since we were on the other end of the world. When I walked in and saw the great decor I knew that there was nothing to worry about. The food was exceptional, great exciting cold dishes and our waiter was great, he was from Miami and was very proud to be working at Nobu and knew a lot about the area.Ossiano - This was by far the best meal. We ate our meal in an aquarium watching Manta Rays, Whale Sharks and an assortment of fish float by as we ate incredible Fois Gras, delicious bread appetizers, an very tender and tasty lamb shank and as if all this weren't enough we had souflees for desert. This was a truly unique experience and one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.Levantine - I was excited about Levantine as it was a taste of the Arabian food and culture. I had delicious Babaganoush and Hummus and Pita. The chicken dumplings were were also very good. This was also a very cool experience as there were belly dancers dancing while we ate. This is a must go restaurant just because you cannot go to Dubai and not get a taste of the Middle Eastern Culture. Nasimi - Nasimi is a really cool restaurant located right on the beach. You look back on the city of Dubai and the food is great. The fish cakes were good if you like that sort of thing. The real thing to get at Nasimi though is the Curries. The curry at Nasimi was awesome mixed with the rice and chicken and it gave a nice authentic feel. Just like at every restaurant the service was exceptional.The French Brasserie - We had initially not planned on dining at the French Brasserie and I am really glad that we did. I had never really had French food before and it really was incredible. The escargot was delicious and I am not a huge fan of shellfish. The best dish here is the burger. There was a burger with regular ground beef, ground duck and Fois Gras - I would definitely recommend this meal to anyone.Another interesting fact to note about the restaurants is that the teams at all the restaurants were largely native to the countries where the restaurant foods were from. I found this particularly cool because it gave me a taste of various different cultures.Overall, I had an unbelievable experience at the Atlantis. From the beach party to the nightclub at night to the really cool water park where conveyer belts prevent you from having to wait in line for the slides, the Atlantis in Dubai is one of the coolest places I have ever been to and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 9 2009 	immaculate water park amazing hotel	had an great offer in the paper, emeriates were great airline. Hotel fab, rooms lovely and new. Exceptionally clean. Food excellent. Kids aged from 47 to 8!! Loved the water park, went all day every day. Very hot tho, too hot to sit in, we were all wedged in the rings being blasted around the water park, loved it loved it loved it.!! Amazing and cant wait to return...expensive!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Not as great as made out to be	The hotel demanded a visit due to all the hype and granduer surrounding the launch so wehn we discovered reasonable tariff to stay we opted in. Of course, many others also opted in which unfortunately ment that the 5* hotel was not represented by the best crowd it deserved.Rooms are basic but comfortable, room service menu leaves a lot to be desired. The bathroom was excellent! The star attractions are no doubt the aquamarine life on display, adventure park and the dolphin experience. They are absolutely fantastic and very much recommended for families with kids of all ages! All have surcharges, nothing is included.The pools are fine (they have more than one). What is good that they have a baby pool for little kids.The main issue is the construction surrounding the hotel. One view from the hotel room is of the sea (plain and simple) and the other side is their beach (which is not swim worthy) and city view of construction and a few buildings in the distance.	
Jun 8 2009 	Over pricedover hyped.	Just returned from 6 night stay at Atlantis.Having previously stayed at Atlantis in Bahamas we did compare hotels a bit, but made allowances for the fact that there is obviously no casino in Dubai and it wasnt Americanised like Bahamas. We were booked into Deluxe room and the first one we were given smelt badly of damp and had lovely view of the top of a generator so after compaining we were given a sea view with balcony.The view from the Royal Pool was very dissapointing.Basically a sky scraper skyline looms over you, numerous building works still taking place and the monorail leading to the Palm is frankly a eyesore to say the least. The price of food and drink in hotel bars and restraunts is a joke, £8 for bottle of corona,We took our own alcohol in from duty free and saved a fortune.If visiting Dubai for relaxing break do yourself a favour and stay in the Mina a Salam	
Jun 7 2009 	Awesome!!!!	If you want to have a great hotel and get some of that Arabian feeling of Dubai you have to come to the Atlantis the Palm. Yes it is big but it is so worth it. It is one of the best Hotels I've stayed at in the bigger cities and it had by far the best service and breakfast buffet you'll ever see. Absolutely amazing!!! I would have loved to stay a little longet to indulge in some of the many hotel offerings such as the water park, aquarium, spa......I can only recommend this place. If you're lucky you'll get a good deal for the room rate.	
Jun 2 2009 	Loved it!!	My partner and I also arrived early in the morning, and our room was ready. We were given a room on the 13th floor, which had a lovely view and was clean and spacious.The pool was lovely and big, and the sun loungers had a handy parasol/screen attached. Cold towels and atlantis lollies handed out were a lovely touch. We went over half term, and from reviews was expecting over bearing amount of children, but was pleasantly surprised! There was also second pool which caught the sun later on.The aquarium was lovely and we liked to have a long peek everyday, watching the whale and all the fish.The restaurants are expensive, and so are drinks, we ate outside of the hotel all the time (apart from breakfast). We also bought our alcohol from duty free and our soft drinks from the local supermarket.Aqua adventure was great fun, good to have it included in the price, and there was lots of rides to do - shame there were no sharks to be seen in the shark tank.Cold Stone Creamery is a must - and there is a voucher for it in the entertainer!!Was so impressed with the staff, so polite and courteous, and all had big smile for us.Definitely go back x	
Jun 2 2009 	Beautiful but beware of the prices!	We have just returned from a 5 night trip staying at the Atlantis in Dubia. (Me, my husband and our 11 year old daughter).On arrival ask for a room on a high floor with a view of the palm, the palm at night is all lit up and is absolutely beautiful, the sea view is still good, but not nearly as good as the Palm view.The restaurants are expensive (£90 per head NOT including drinks), with the exceptions of the 2 buffet restaurants where it costs around £40 per person. The food there is out of this world, for the kids, the puddings in the saffron restaurant are what dreams are made of – there’s everything you can think of, plus tons of sweets and ice-creams. The sea-food evening at the Saffron is excellent value and there is every type of fish including lobsters, oysters, tiger prawns etc. At lunch at the pool side bar, a steak sandwich with a soft drink costs around £30.00! So very pricey. Slush puppies and soft drinks around the pool are about £5.00 each.There is a small gift shop at the hotel that sells chocolate bars and sun cream, but it is very limited. Chocolate bars like kit-kats cost around £2.00 each – sun cream about £20 per bottle. The gift shop doesn’t seem to be mentioned in any of the hotel info, but it is on the way to the Saffron Restaurant.If you want to book a session with the dolphins its best to book from home, booking at the hotel costs a lot more. I think it was £75.00 per person JUST TO WATCH! I can’t remember the cost of taking a swim with the dolphins but think it was around £200.00 per person.Our room was fantastic, it had 2 king sized beds and a fantastic bathroom, plus normal toiletries and bathrobe and slippers too. Each day there were 2 bottle of complimentary water left in the room.The pools are lovely, there are 2, one, the ‘Zero entry’ has no steps but just a gentle slope into the pool which is great for little kids, the other, the Royal Pool is very nice.The Aquaventure water park is great. Lockers cost £10 each (non refundable!!) and as most people just left their stuff on sun loungers we didn’t really bother with one after the first day. It does get VERY BUSY on a Friday as this is the UAE day of rest, so the park is full with local people coming for the day. We tended to spend half a day at a time in the water park. The slides are great, the ones at the first level are the scariest! All you need to do is go into the park, pop your stuff down and then look for a rubber ring and spend hours floating on the lazy rivers. Best to wear a hat and a swim t-shirt. Also, as you get on and off at different places, the floor is very very hot, we found it best to wear swimming shoes so we didn’t have to go looking for our shoes all the time and meant we avoided blisters on our feet from the hot floors.We had a wonderful time and loved the people and the place. It was great people watching, some fantastic handbags on show! Everything was on a massive scale but the service was faultless. People didn’t really tend to dress up that much at night, some people still had shorts on, so really there wasn’t much of a dress code (although mist people did make a little effort). One word of warning, check your bill at the end carefully, we had been charged for meals we hadn’t had and other people weren’t charged for meals they did have!Enjoy!	
Jun 2 2009 	Amazing Hotel superb facilities spotlessly clean	We went for May Half term, 2 adults, 2 kids, 9 and 7. Paid the upgrade for Imperial Club...which was worth it....breakfast was served in the lounge, rather than queueing for the restaurants, drinks and snacks all day, cocktails betwen 6 and 8..and generally somewhere to go and hide from the searing heat mid afternoon...just be aware that you are supposed to wear long trousers after 6pm in the Club lounge and in some of the restaurants.The room was the standard Imperial Club room, with 2 &quot;queen&quot; size beds...they were what we would call king size bed in UK....I think the room is the same as the &quot;de luxe&quot; or &quot;Atlantis&quot; room, just in a different part of Hotel.....really good, large, with great views over the Palm, enough room for a family of 4, a french balcony, as only the King rooms for 2 people have proper balconies....very, very clean..could not fault the staff...every day they left a new 1.5ltr bottle of water, so we stuck in the fridge overnight and then took it to water park with us.The Hotel itself is amazing, as everyone else has said..and was not too busy, except for the Friday, when a lot of locals seemed to be around looking at the aquarium etc.Eating and drinking is expensive (so the cocktails/champagne in Imperial Club were great, as we drank there and just had water/soft drinks with meals). Dinner in buffet restaurant (Kaliedoscope) was 175AED for adults and half that for kids..so our first meal worked out at £145 for 4 of us!..gulp!...we then found that the other restarurants do kids menus at around 50AED..about £10, which then made it a lot more reasonable....another benefit of Imperial Club, is to eat their canapes (spring rolls, sushi, satay) with the cocktails, then just have main course for Dinner...for the 4 of us Dinner range form £70 to £120 depending upon which restaurant...Levantine (lebanese) is fantastic, and has a Belly Dancer at about 9pm...the Italian is good value (for Atlantis) and does the usual pizza/pasta so works with kids.The restaurants by the pool are very good for lunch (Shore and Edge)..kids lunch about £6, adults anywhere from £10 to £20.We spent every morning in the waterpark, which was fantastic...great fun for Adults and kids alike...but watch out for the hot floors...you need to walk around in flip flops to avoid burning the soles of your feet...I would recommend getting there at 10am to have the first few hours, when it is quieter and &quot;slightly&quot; cooler than the afternoon. Snacks in the waterpark are reasonable and there are plenty of kiosks to use. On Friday it was really, really busy after lunch.....queues for slides were crazy..but that was the only time, the rest of the week was no problem.The hotel pools are really good, and at about 4pm the shadow of the hotel goes over the &quot;Royal Pool&quot;, which makes it a bit cooler and a nice break from the Sun...the other pool stays in the sun all day.The beach was OK, and the sea water was fine, despite the comments I had seen on here about it being stagnant..there is an obvious current in it and a tidal flow, so I thought it was OK.The overall standard of cleaniness is incredible, there are people cleaning all the time..sweeping up, polishing, etc etc....every time you visited one of the loos it felt like it had just been cleaned for your arrival!It was our first time in Dubai, and we loved it, perfect for a few days of sun and chill out..I am sure we will be back at some point...not sure there is a lot else to do apart from chill, especially with young kids..but with the waterpark on site it works really well.	
Jun 1 2009 	heaven on earth	we've just returned from dubai staying at atlantis, what a fantastic hotel!!! from the moment you arrive you are looked after totally. the servie the rooms the kids clubs not to mention the food. i would totally reccomend and i booked with travonline got a fantastic rate during half term .brilliant	
Jun 1 2009 	Vegas at a higher price.	Just a short review to avoid repeating what everybody else has already said about Dubai' s latest showpiece themed resort.I have worked and holidayed in the Gulf since the mid 90's and Dubai has steadily increased the standard of deluxe hotels resulting in a wide range of quality 5 star hotels to choose from.The Atlantis has broken the mould with a Las Vegas theme-type hotel, but at a much higher cost than in Vegas.The appearance of the hotel is breathtaking during the day and at night, for sure. The expansive attractions add to the Vegas experience.The cost strategy however is just plain wrong. When you arrive at the hotel on your first night, the first thing you want to do is freshen up then have a drink and a meal. However water at almost £9 a bottle sets alarm bells going. Meal prices...consider £50 to £100 for a basic meal for 2. Forget alcohol. Buy it in Duty Free when you arrive at Dubai airport. A blended single shot whisky or a beer costs £10 in the hotel. Management should appreciate that most guests use the inclusive breakfast option then travel to the Marina Walk or Emarates Mall to dine for lunch or dinner. Drinks also can be obtained everywhere else at less than half the cost of the Atlantis rates.Even the Gulf News was almost double the cover price.The monorail which is intended to join the hotel to the new trans Dubai Metro is operating but the Metro will not be ready for some months yet. Hence you pay £5 for a return monorail trip to nowhere. We got off at the proposed connection to the Metro where a taxi took us the short distance to the Emirates Mall at inflated price.The service is excellent, security reasonably good (but not foolproof....when a guard leans into your taxi on arrival and asks if you are a guest., would you say no?).The pools are great with plenty of room during our stay when the hotel was really busy. The loungers have integral hoods which do not give enough shade. There are no parasols. Cabanas are extra cost.My summary: A good attempt at a Vegas style themed hotel, on a beach rather in a desert but at much higher cost. The nearby Burj Al Arab gave us more understated luxury during this stay.The aquarium is well planned. The water theme park is also well planned, but we used the Royal pool until the sun disappeared behind the hotel, then moved to one of the other pools which were still in the sun!Tips. The Deluxe, Atlantis and Standard Club room layouts are all the same. Atlantis and Club rooms are on higher floors. Club includes breakfast, internet and pre dinner drinks but the cost adder is £100 per night.Take a hotel taxi to the Marina Walk for Dinner. Costs £6 each way and you will have a choice of realistically priced quality restaurants, cafes and coffee shops there. Also find food in of all the malls around Palm Jumairah, Emirates Mall and the new Dubai Mall, etc. Don't forget an Abra ride at the Creek, only 20p for a creek crossing to remember. Take a return trip, starting from the Deira Abra Station. Then visit the great little shops in Al Fahidi St in Bur Dubai for Cameras and quality watches, close to the Abra dock on that side. There is a good souk area up Al Sabkha on Deira side close to the Abra station, within walking distance of the dock.Taxi ride from the hotel is only £12 each way and you can see real Dubai along the dhow wharfage area.	
May 31 2009 	PRICY-BUT AMAZING- GREAT FACILITIES	The Atlantis was amazind as you drove up to it under the tunnel on Palm Jumeirah. We were escorted to the check in desk and there was a huge sculpture. The staff were attentive and the rooms were great. ( we got upgraded). The pools were clean and tidy. Every day thay gave free ice creams and cold face towel. The food and drink was very expensive. We had a Bed and Breakfast package with took 175Dirhams times 3 per day off food. Aquaventure was amazing the slides and rapids were great for families and it was free for resort guests(around 300Dh-470Dh for families of 3-4-5). It was very fun. There was a golf buggie which took guests around the resort as it was very hot. Dolphin bay was availible if you wanted to swim with Dolphins (fee). There also was an aquaruim called the Lost Chambers which was good, it was free for resort guests (270Dh- 350Dh aprox for familief of 3-4-5). There was a monorail which ran up and down the palm which was good. The hotel was great and I would go there again.	
May 31 2009 	Hotel amazing but way to expensive !	If your looking for an amazing hotel in Dubai and a amazing holiday ( plenty available atthe minute if you shop around ) then you will probably end up here. Underwater Aquatic life centre even holds a basking shark which is omething to behold, only complaints are the prices - £10 a pint and £10 for a glass of wine athe hotel, and paying potentially as much as £50 for a simple dinner seemed excessive - My advise, jump on the free shuttle and head into town, drinks at the Habtoor &amp; Jumeriah 360 were slighlty cheaper and offered excellent views.	
May 31 2009 	Perfect family holiday	From arriving at the airport, you realise that Dubai doesn't do anything by halves. The service from private car to the hotel, to the check in, everything went very smoothly. We went straight to breakfast as we had travelled throught the night, and it was a very extensive buffet with everything from a full English to Dimsum and local speciallities.We were relieved that we had a bed and breakfast package though as each day would have cost us over £100 for 5.The hotel lobby is very impressive but nothing compared to the West tower and the aquarium as you approach which had a serious wow-factor as you come out of the lifts.The waterpark is included in the price of the hotel and we spend hours there. Apart from the Friday, this park was not too busy and we didn't have to wait long for anything. All the slides were great and the rapids refreshing. Plenty of shade helped.I would whole hearted recommend the Desert Safari which many companies offer. You 4WD out in the desert and end up at a 'camp' where Arabian BBQ, sandboarding, camel rides, henna-ing, are all on offer. Music and bellydancing complete the experience. Although the restaurants in the hotel are expensive, but very good, the taxis are very plentiful, metered and cheap so it is easy to go to a local souk for a meal.Just beware, a 'cheap' bottle of wine could set you back around £50!We had a blast, and would happily return.	
May 29 2009 	A big fish in a big pond - fits in well with the Dubai philosophy.	Me and my wife stayed here for 7 nights from 22nd May and we enjoyed our stay. This was our first visit to Dubai and when reading the previous reviews on this hotel I was a bit worried on what I had spent my money on. However we were pleasantly suprised with what we got. We were upgraded to an Atlantis Room with a balcony and the most fabulous view of the palm, Royal beach, Burj Al Arab and Burj Dubai - well worth it. The hotel is massive but easily traversable with plenty of restaurants, public spaces, shops and bars. The hotel was clean and well serviced and the service from all the employees was impeccable - they could not do enough for us. We were vegetarian for the trip and we don't drink alcohol so it was not as expensive for us compared to what previous reviews have stated but they are not wrong in stating that the food and drink is generally expensive. We only ate twice at the hotel - both for our evening meals, at the Italian and Saffron (buffet) restaurants and the food was good. The Italian serves pork by the way. The breakfast was in the Saffron (west tower) and gave your usual english breakie (minus the pork bacon) and also indian, chinese, japanese and other food. It is open till 11:30 so you can make it an early lunch. It is quite a spectacle with good grub on offer but be warned that the queues start to form after 10:30. We travelled into mainland Dubai on a number of days and took advantage of the free shuttle buses to the Emirates Mall and the (better) Mall of Dubai - however due to the exchange rate everything was expensive so we just window shopped. We also travelled to Bur Dubai and Deira - quite an experience to see the 'real' Dubai - more like some cities in India than the picture normally painted by tourism Dubai. If you like indian food, than travel to Bur Dubai to eat like a king for about £7!!! The taxi from the hotel to the mainland is about £7 - £12 so not too bad. The Aqua-adventure park was really good, especially in the heat of the day and the rides are well worth it. The entry is free to hotel residents. So that was the good stuff, now for the not so good-stuff.If you want to hire a locker for the Aqua-adventure then it will cost you £10, totally unacceptable. The hotel is somewhat of a tourist attraction with a lot of non-residents coming to see the site so it is more busier than expected but on the positive these visitors are restricted to only some areas. The hotel is expensive for food and services - they do cater for the more wealthier visitor. The hotel is a bit isolated from the rest of Dubai and the Palm is very much still a construction site, so not an ideal hotel if you wish to explore Dubai rather than just staying in your resort. The Lost Chambers really are lost, pointless attraction and it is lucky that it is free to hotel residents because you would be well annoyed if you had to pay to see this cave. The nightclub is devoid of any life bar Tuesday and Friday so visit it on those days only - but be aware of the prices for drinks!!! Other postive points were that beach towels are free for hotel residents, the electricity mains points are the same as the UK - no need for adaptor, iron and hairdryer in the room, free bottles of water + fruit and space in the mini bar fridge for your own drinks and food, fab bathroom and if you get a balcony then you can dry your swim wear. Overall it was a good trip for us and the hotel had more positives than negatives and I don't feel that all the negative views are justified. I would recommed this hotel for about 3 nights so that you can take advantage of the waterpark and then maybe move to a hotel more inland. Really good for families (if you can afford it) but don't expect to leave the resort due to the travelling. Dubai itself, can be seen in about a couple of days and all the glitz and glam is a thin veneer to quite a culturally devoid city, coupled with ghost towns of Dubai marina, New Dubai and Jumeriah.	
May 29 2009 	Perfect for children	It's bold, it's brash, its great for kids.My two children (6 and 4) loved the following best: the fish, the waterpark and the chocolate fountain (at breakfast). It's a fantastic place for a beach holiday especially if you have young children and don't mind the heat. The two vast pools are perfect for children and the setting is fantastic with views from the Royal Pool back to Dubai. Located at the end of the Palm the front of the hotel looks out to sea. You can also use the hotel beach, where swimming in the sea is like taking a warm bath. The enormous aquarium is the main feature of the hotel and is the biggest fish tank I have ever seen. It's mesmerising. Residents have free entry into Lost Chambers, which is an extension of the aquarium boasting numerous rooms enabling you to view all sorts of sea life. It's amazing. Residents at the Atlantis also have free entry into the enormous adjacent waterpark. You have to brave the heat and not hang around too much if you come at the end of May but once the children had walked into the park to Splashers they loved it. And there are loads of other water rides to keep everyone happy. The hotel is vast, with numerous expensive but exquisite restaurants. We ate on the beach one night and I experienced some of the most sensational flavours ever, eating the cold and hot mezze at Levantine, the Lebanese restaurant. I would definitely recommend this place to friends with families or friends who don't mind lots of children.......................	
May 27 2009 	Not for us - Not a Luxury Hotel for Couples.	Well we moved onto this Hotel after spending our first two nights in Dubai at the wonderful Burj Al Arab.So, let’s start with the best bits. The Atlantis is gorgeous, the grounds, the pool and the food though quite expensive is really lovely. The staff at this hotel is its saving grace. They are just so friendly and so helpful; they could not do enough for you.Now the reason we would probably not return.This is our third time to Dubai and we do love our Luxury. This is something the Atlantis promotes but sadly for us, it did not deliver.The hotel really for us was far too big and though not too crowded it just seemed like a huge Florida hotel that was promising luxury but at times looked like a massive theme park hotel.We would have loved to have seen areas for Adults only.Our room had paper thin walls and the first night I was kept awake until 1.00 am with children screaming in the next room, I thought this would never finish, luckily they must have checked out the next day, surely though you shouldn’t be able to hear every word and sound in the next room in a “Luxury” Hotel. The Imperial Club for us was a complete waste of money. We have always stayed Premier Leisure Club in the Al Qasr at the Madinat Jumeriah and it has been brilliant – however you could not compare the Al Qasr lounges to the Atlantis.We only used it twice the whole of our stay, it was fine if you are a drinker (which we are) but as to the food, it ran out every time we went into the lounge.In fact I think the only food we had, would have filled a small tea plate the whole stay.One chap waited for at least 20 mins for the food to be replenished and it never came. We thought that was disgraceful – what were we paying for.??Again though the staff in the Imperial Club were amazing.I am sorry to complain about this hotel because the staff and the surroundings are really great, but it’s just too big to claim to be a luxury hotel and to have hoards of day visitors, it doesn’t do the hotel any favours.Another tip, be careful in Aquaventure, I hurt my back quite badly due to deflated tubes.I also heard that there have been numerous other incidents too.We probably won’t return to the Atlantis, which is a shame.	
May 27 2009 	Fantastic. What a Resort!!!	We had an absolutely fantastic time here.It was only a short stay, 4 nights, to get away from cold sunless London and what a good choice it was. Sun is guaranteed but the Atlantis surpassed all expectations. The rooms were immaculate and comfortable but the real treat were the staff. They would go out of their way to help you enjoy your stay.We laid by the pool, taking a little hut to hide a little from the midday sun, and we were constantly offered iced lollies to cool us (note to self must say no sometimes!!), but the inner child in us made us try the water park one day which was great fun too.There are plenty of restaurants on offer, Nobu and Levantine both standouts.For an extended weekend stay to warm up from a decidedly chilly spring in London Atlantis was just what we needed!!	
May 26 2009 	Atlantis...WOW...beautiful everything and simply magical...paradise!!	We came here to celebrate a quick getaway for our anniversary and my birthday. We have two children, 3 and 1.5 so wanted to stay here as it had the waterpark in-house...the reveiws were mixed but, hubby dear inly wanted to stay here so we booked this hotel. We got it on a BB basis. Arrived at the hotel by 11pm...very fast check in, they upgraded up to the Atlantis room, which had two huge queen beds, and a massive bathrooom which had a tub as well as a separate power shower, hmmmmmmm. The bathroom was separate by sliding doors that overlooked the bedroom, so we could put the kids in the tub, open the doors and watch them as we relaxed on the beds, hahahahaha, if we were on our honeymoon, it would have been a very sexy thing to do, hahahahaha but, anyway back to the review. Our room overlooked a humongous aquariam down below, literally the width of the hotel, amazing at night when the lights are on....you can see the Aquaventure waterpark in the distance, the monorail, the Burj and the beautiful ocean from the room, as well as from any other room. Belive me we went all the hotel even to the top and it was a magical view no matter where you tried to see anything. The room service is expensive, which is expected from a 5star plus tel however, the prices for the pool bars was ok...£6 for a kids meal which included chicen nuggets with chips, that was more than sufficient for both my kids to eat. Trust me, my little ones can eat so it was a good portion. The restaurants are also good. We never had dinner at the hotel but, the breakfasts were amazing. All the restaurants are buffet, excet the Ronda Locatelli and Nobu. You are spoiled for choice from a traditional English breakfast, you can order any eggs you fancied...to an Indian feast, a brilliant Chinese stir fry, fab Japanese sushi or broths, any croissant or muffin or pastry, all sweet treats to ruin your teeth ahahahaha including a chocolate fountain, a fresh juice bar, and finally a meditteranean breakfast and continental one including cold meats and cheeses as well as wheatfree and glutenfree stuff.....they have thought of it all!!!We ordered milk for th kids after midnight as the restaurants were closed and we were charged £6 per bottle, don't ask!!! We asked the restaurants the next day and they were more than helpful...we got our milk from them for free and until midnight we could go and get some...very handy.Dinner is about £40 each but, again you can have what you want...we went out every evening. You get a free shuttle to the Emirates Mall, which saves you about £6 however you have to make your own way back but, again its cool...you are never too far from anything and the cabs are so cheap. DO NOT take transfers when you book. Just get a cab from the airport, its less than £20 each way, and only about 25 mnutes away.The spa was good. We were offered BOGOF on our treatments so that a bonus. £100 for two massages that lasted over 1.5 hours, hmmmmmm and you get to eep the treats they supply, like bottles of talcum powder, razors and cream, combs and face pads all in a funy bag.The waterpark was ABSOLUTELY incredible. You have to go....I did the Leap of Faith...yes, its all true and worth it. Its about £40 each to entre but, in hotel residents get in free...the rides are all brilliant, and there is something for eveyone. The kiddie part was cool....infact the whole damn park is great. The good thing was, you don'thave to carry your wallet around, just charge everything to your room, even silly things like icecream from the stands and bottles of pop...so handy! They ahve thought of it all.....the arabs are clever!! The Lost Chambers was nice...so many different fishes and marine life...its so well designed and nice to relax...again its about £30 to get in and look around however, resident guests get in free, yay!!!They have loads of designet jewellery shops and clothing shops...I don't shop at them but, they were nice.They have the biggest indoor aquariam. Its bloody huge! Its got to be seen to be believed. The staff are so helpful and cannot do enough for you. Alwasy smiling from the toilet attendants to the managers.The decor is just breathtaking...see my pics. Oh yes, the rooms are fully eqipped with an iron and ironing board, a hairdryer, a radio alarm clock, a flat screen tv with loads of freeview channels of al languages and with something for everyone, a kettle, free tea, coffee and cappucinos...you even get free mineral water and fresh fruit. What more could you ask for?!GO stay there....you wil love it.	
May 22 2009 	Superb Hotel Location is Amazing Best breakfast spread I have EVER seen!	Decided to stay 1 night there, as stay includes the water park and lost chambers. We got our room early, great, and began our Water park adventure. great rides all around, finally did not do the leap of faith. next time I will!!. The hotel is expensive, but then, hey look at it. Huge, rooms, 45 sqmtrs, huge bathrooms, all have balconies overlloking the palms or open ocean. Back to the waterpark. The rides were fun, my kids tried almost all. I was disappointed they did not have great white sharks!! But we saw a whale shark and my kids were thrilled. I still say they could get a great white! The DOlphin Bay, we only sat behind, would have loved to do it. Expensive when 4 are involved. DH 645 per person for hotel guests. Ouch...I know its a once in a lifetime thing, again, maybe next time. The breakfast (included) was Man,,, the largest spread I have EVER seen. And superb to say the least. HUGE restaurant, Safforn. We ate at one other restaurant, pricey, but then, hotel is a deluxw luxury place. so anticipate that. one thing upset me, in the water park, damn it, they could afford to put water fountains near the toilets at least. COme on. You go to buy a water bottle, 500ml and it costs a bomb. Dubai heat, you need lots of water. water fountains need to be provided. its not downgrading if thats what they thinks. Rest, if the price works for you, you HAVE to stay there for a night at least.	
May 21 2009 	Fantastic - In a Vegas kind of way.	Accept this hotel for what it is and you won't be disappointed.It's a family resort, and as such it has a certain 'Disney' charm about it, not unlike some of the better theme hotels in Vegas. It's luxurious to obscene levels, and the staff can't do enough to assist you. We checked in at 6.30am local time, fully expecting a good wait before getting into our room, but we were issued with the keys straight away and allowed to check in. The room was spotlessly clean, and huge. The stand-alone bathtub was amazing. We were staying in an Executive Suite on the 9th Floor with views over the gulf. I'm not sure I'd be willing to pay the rack rate for the room (over £1000 a night), but it's certainly luxurious. The restaurants are expensive, but no-one is forcing you to eat there and the food quality is excellent. We ate at the Seafire Steak House, which was excellent, although I'm not sure I'd be willing to pay over £100 for a Japanese Beef Steak which was on the menu!We also ate at the Lebanese restaurant which was a really nice meal, although there was far too much food. We could have ordered half the amount. We ate at the buffet restaurant as well, and this was pretty good. The prices ranged from £90 for two people and a couple of drinks at the buffet, to £130 for two people having steaks and drinks at the steak house. It's worth bearing in mind that a bottle of beer will set you back about £8. The water park (free to guests) is really good, and a great way to chill out fo an afternoon. The rapids are over a mile long, and it's great fun to just bob along in your rubber ring. The slides are also good fun. A great place for adults and kids alike. The Dolphin Experience is also something I'd recommend. Though I'd say to pay the little bit extra and do the deep water interaction as you get much more out of the experience. The trainers were friendly and knowledgeable, and the dolphins seemed happy and content in the large enclosures. The one thing I will say is that the photographs are really expensive (around £15 per photo, or well over £100 if you want them all on a CD). Talking of prices, things are expensive here. A small bottle of water is £3.50, and lunch in the pool restuarant (a burger + chips, a sandwich and two drinks) was somewhere in the region of £25. Still, if you're staying in a 6 star resort, then you kind of have to expect to pay 6 star prices. Finally, I'll mention the fish tank, although you have to see it to believe it. It's so large that they have a whale shark comfortably swimming around in it. The design is simply amazing, and the Lost Chambers (kind of like the Sea Life Centre) is a really nice way to spend an afternoon. All in all, one of the best (if not THE best) hotels I've ever stayed in, and would return in a heartbeat... Although my wallet might not be so keen.	
May 19 2009 	Wow luxurious and unique	Spent 3 days here with the family... was pretty amazing and an experience... room was spacious with nice fittings.. service was a high standard and pleasant... breakfast was incredible with a global choice - budget for 1.5 hours here to experience it all... we had dinner one night in the hotel and it was fairly expensive for what you get... the other night was spent in town and was considerably cheaper - if price is an issue just get a cab and travel into town to get a better deal..entry to aquarium and aquaventure was free and was enjoyed by the kids....overall the hotel is pretty unique and is well worth a visit.. not sure if 7 days would be too much but is certainly worth a stop over for a few days..	
May 12 2009 	Amazing Holiday	i,v just returned home having had the pleasure of staying at atlantis for 6 nights in early may... well what can i say about this truly exceptional experience, the list is endless , but here goes...... i travelled with my wife and two children aged 3 and 4... on our arrival at the hotel at 6.30am local time we were met personally by the assistant resort manager who oversaw our speedy check in. i had sent the hotel a short email prior to our arrival with 3 small requests regarding our deluxe room, all these requests were granted and we found our room to be perfect for our needs, the beds are very comfortable, huge walk in shower big enough for 4 , bath big enough for two!!!!!! and all toiletries restocked daily......... on day one we visited the Aquaventure water park which is linked to the hotel with free entry for hotel guest (normal price is 55 pounds per adult per day!!!!) ... we found it to be very clean and safe for our children with fully trained lifeguards situated 10 metres apart all around the park, &quot;the leap of faith&quot; is a must do experience... there are many food and drink outlets scattered around the park , lunch can be bought for 6-10 pounds with drinks 3-5 pounds, the kids play area called &quot;splashers&quot; really is fantastic and was a great hit with my two kids, all in all what a great start to our holiday............we visited the water park on 3 other occasions during our stay and every time we found there to be no or very short queues for the rides and the lazy river is a great relaxing family ride...... the lost chambers and the viewing areas of the huge aquarium are breathtaking, at 10am every day a diver hand feeds the vast array of sealife and is a great spectacle.we ate in the hotel on 4 of our 6 nights at atlantis at the beach restaurant called nasimi and the saffron restaurant . nasimi was a very good experience , but Saffron WOW , it is a buffet style help yourself retaurant and i truly exeptional with a huge array of culinay delights( steak , chinese, indian, unbelievable fish selection lebanese, salad bar etc etc etc) for any tastebud added to that the chocolate fountain with more soft chewy sweets to choose from than a pick and mix shop, cost per person for the buffet is 40 pounds, (the children had the option of their own set menu for 6 pounds a person) a little pricey maybe but worth the experience, we also ate breakfast in saffron which again was simply fantastic... there is another buffet style eaterie at atlantis called kaleidscope which has an excellent choice of food too, others to be found on the atlantis site are NOBU, SEAFIRE, LOCATELLI,s to name but a few.....the absolute second to none service we recieved from all the hotel staff right from the assistant resort manager ,guest services,security staff, concierge, bellmen, waiters, pool attendants, lifeguards really made our holiday, no one could do enough for us and even the smallest or strangest request was met with a polite &quot;of course sir&quot;.....now down to the money side of things, well anyone that has done their homework on dubai knows its not cheap (6 pounds for a cup of tea) and we fully expected some hefty bills at the end of our stay but this was simply outweighed by the amazing and exceptional experience we had at atlantis.... i cannot fault the hotel in the slightest, will we return again there.. ABSOLUTELY....THANKYOU AND WELL DONE TO EVERYONE AT ATLANTIS, we had an amazing holiday	
May 10 2009 	New Hotel = So So	From the view of a 13 year old.We stayed here for 3 nights after a week in the Park Hyatt (recommend completely, refer to my article on that hotel) to have some fun at the water park. By the way, I am 1 of 4 kids in a family of 6. We had booked two rooms in the imperial club. We arrived just after noon at the hotel and checked into our room only to be told that we would have to wait for 30 minutes before they were ready. We said that that was okay and they escorted us to the imperial lounge on the 12th floor. The lounge was amazing; it overlooked the ambassador lagoon (one of the largest aquarium tanks in the world) with the whale shark swimming around on the surface (look at my photos). The lounge has a small buffet that changes at different times of the day (breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and dinner. It is complimentary. So after 30 minutes we went up to the desk of the lounge to ask about our rooms and they told us that it would be a little bit longer. So we waited another 15 minutes just to be told it would be more than an hour before the rooms were ready!!!!! So I took my brother and sister down to the lost chambers. It is like a small ancient aquarium with lobsters, tropical fish, jellyfish, eels, and more including a viewing panel into the ambassador lagoon. We spent about 30 minutes in the lost chambers then went back up to the lounge and waited another 1h 15min!!!! We were then finally escorted to our rooms on the 13th floor. We had booked one suite and one standard twin. My brother, my sister and I slept in the standard twin with a rollaway and my parents and my little sister slept in the suite with a rollaway. Staying in the imperial club also gives you complimentary wireless internet access in your room and in the lounge. The waterpark is amazing! It had one central waterslide tower with two ways to get up. You either walk or take the conveyor belt on your tube. The leap of faith at the top is an almost vertical drop from 27 meters through a shark tank. The tube ride that goes through the shark tank is not great. The ride is awesome but when you get into the tank the glass is scratched and you cannot see much. It is much better to watching the people go through from the viewing panel. The children’s play area is great and the rapids are OK. Though the torrent was awesome, they throw you in front of the wave maker and it sometimes flips you over. At the time we were there the hotel was extremely busy but the waterpark was quite quiet. The rooms were very nice but the wait at the start really put us off. The Kaleidoscope restaurant I recommend. They do a buffet with worldwide cuisines. The hotel also has a variety of shops on the way to Aquaventure and the pool is absolutely amazing. The hotel was nice but the wait was really annoying. Jet Privelage Number = [--]	
May 10 2009 	Would go back tomorrow...	All of the staff were helpful and polite. The room was clean and the air conditioning easy to use. A 1.5 litre bottle of water was provided every day and a bowl of fruit provided on arrival. The aquaventure park was clean and had plenty of staff around especially life guards along the lazy river and rapids. There are 2 cafes in the park, both selling snacks including burgers, hotdogs, chips as well as more healthy options. Also there are plenty of places to buy drinks.The beach was pretty but the sand was very coarse. The 2 pools were clean, one was zero entry the other was an infinity pool. There are 2 pool bars and a buggy drives up and down the beach selling refreshments. The sunbeds have canopys which very a very good idea. The Kids Club kept my 10 year old entertained completely to the extent that he would have stayed in there every day if he could!! The food was excellent, especially in Saffron which had at least 10 food stations with different themes on each. The chocolate fountain at breakfast was a particular favourite with the kids. Everything at the hotel can be charged to your room, even down to an icecream at one of the bars. Club Rush was a slight disappointment as the internet speed was really slow and many of the games didn't work. Drinking fountains would have been useful but I couldn't find any.	
May 5 2009 	Good value for 5 star hotel. Unique building.	Stayed here in a side room in the right wing (palm view) for 3 nights with my spouse in mid January 2009 during a stop over from Maldives. I am from Dubai and have been to many other hotels in Dubai.Positive points:-The room was much bigger than I expected it would be for a standard room. There was a large walk-in closet and we had views of the hotel's pool, Palm Jumeirah island, the Dubai Marina and from the side window, the sea.-The hotel itself has many attractions like an aquarium and waterpark and a very unique design and decor.-Room service was good and breakfast was excellent.Negative points:-It is close to some of Dubai's new attractions like the Marina but the area in general still has a lot of construction and it is a bit far from the city centre. I would like to stay here again when the Palm Jumeirah is complete.-The bed was a little small.	
Apr 28 2009 	incorrect info	Not sure about the review from pinktaylor on 20th April. Some of things said do not ring true.- especially when saying the Jumeirah waterway bars are empty and the abras on the waterways are not running. This conflicts with what I know. so where did this info come from??	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice Hotel but not worth the money	Just returned from 5nts at Atlantis, hotel itself is nice. Room was fine and the resort was good, kids enjoyed pool &amp; beach areas but thats as good as it gets. Service was poor, we have been to Dubai many times and maybe expect to much but was left disappointed.Food is stupidly expensive and found it a lot cheaper to get taxi's to Dubai Marina Walk and eat at the various restuarants or in the Malls. In the evenings and weekends the hotel lobby areas etc are just manic and having to fight the crowds.Would I go back - NO. There are better and cheaper hotels out there.	
Apr 27 2009	the finest birthday	the only thing that could go wrong with this hotel is the price. but it was my birthday so that wasn't a problem for me. the service is extraordinary. the food and cusines offered in a variety of restaurants are out of this world, litterally. the water park has a number of different rides which are unbelievable. one is an actually shark tube!all you need to know, is to expect the unexpected.	
Apr 20 2009	No place for penny pinching :)	Just stayed at Atlantis Dubai for 4 nights enroute to London.... this place is definitely a once-in-a-lifetime must-see experience, however! it is the most expensive hotel one could imagine..we were lucky to be treated by some very generous friends and enjoyed the whole stay. The service was impeccable, the breakfast was magnificent, so much choice &amp; negated the need for lunch, which is a good thing if u want to save money. The foyer &amp; halls, the aquarium, the restaurants &amp; bars were ssooo beautiful. We used the gym &amp; found it to be well equipped, the hotel pool area is also a good place to relax. There are a lot of young children around, (it was school hols) but this may bother some, I think they have a deal for under 7's. Also one more complaint, wi fi cost around $65AUD/24hrs.	
Apr 20 2009 	£10 for a bottle of water!	I visited the Atlantis The Palm for my 30th birthday in April 2009. Whilst driving from the airport to the hotel the city looked fabulous; never in my life have I seen buildings like it and spent the entire journey saying 'wow look at that!'The hotel itself is like something out of Disneyland/Las Vegas. Absolutely stunning, stunning foyer, amazing kids club, lovely pools and delicious food.What I will comment on is THE PRICE!! At the moment there are some fabulous deals on to entice you into booking a holiday, however when you get there its a different story. The hotel was packed out every day and from the english people that I spoke to it seems they took up on the deals advertised in the national papers aswell.Water by the pool cost £10! a bottle and a diet coke is £12! A complete rip off. People were in uproar - after all where else were you supposed to go, we were on an island!The Ossiano restuarant was £500 for 2 people to eat! Yes the restaurant is the most stunning restaurant I have ever seen with impeccable service and immaculate waitors.Nobu was £540 for 4 people to eat. By the way we only eat your average size meal.So we decided one night to take a trip out of the hotel and go somewhere else which was equally expensive!What I can say about Dubai is that it is a complete ghost town now. The credit crunch has hit hard. Buildings stand unfinished and even derelict. Where what once was a bustling city with the fantastic waterways of Jumeirah was completely desolate. There weren't even any staff in the waterside bars of Jumeriah and because of which the water barges are no longer in operation.Whilst I had a lovely time, my husband thought it was incredibly expensive and he wouldn't be booking another holiday there.	
Apr 19 2009 	OVER PRICED AND NOT WORH IT!!!	the atlantis dubai seriously disappoints. there is nothing to rave about the hotel.right from the service to the food to the rooms are all very bad!!!went to the lebanese restaurant and have never had worse lebanese....same for the italian.... i would give it zero stars...	
Apr 19 2009 	save your money 	This was our 3rd family holiday in Dubai. We took our 8 and 5 year old and my mum of 67. First year at Jebel Ali and we had a great time, apart from uncomfortable beds no complaints - excellent personal service. Last year we stayed at Al Qasr. This had the vow facotor. A little impersonal and food was not great but everything else was excellent- highly recommend it. This April we stayed at the Atlantis for 10 nights. On arrival we did not receive the customary welcome but our rooms were ready immediately. We had booked 2 rooms and requested that they would be as close as possible. We were on 4th floor and my mum was on 16th. One of the rooms was in a poor location, dark and dingy. We requested a new room and were told that it was not possible. Upon talking to someone else, we got a room that was slightly better but not one we requested. there were 4 of us in the 1 room and yet all facilities provided were for 2. you cannot go anywhere without showing your card key, infact they have made it easy by giving you a little holder you can wear around your neck. there are not any stairs and the lifts were always full. at most times we had to wait atleat 5 minutes for a lift which lacked a fan/aircon. Of all the times we have holidayed we never had to queue for breakfast. after 9.15am be prepared to wait in a very long queue. Also be prepared to wait a very long time for tea and coffee- forget about refills. It was over crowded &amp; the hotel grounds could not cope. Not enough sunbeds or even space for additional sunbeds by the pool. At one point we were told to come back later! the beach is made up of poor quality grit. It is essential for kids to wear shoes. Lots of broken shells and concrete. The water was stagnant. After 3.00pm the pool and the beach falls in the shade of the massive hotel and the air becomes cold. the buildng also acts as a wind deflector so around the pool it does get windy. booking for dinner is essential. food was great. no little treat at turn-down time. The water park was great and a god send. But essential to get there before 10am or forget getting a bed or even a rings/tubes. Children's club far too expanive. Expect long queues (atleast half hour waits) at the reception and conceirge. It can also be noisy if your room faces the main road at front of hotel and if you are facing the pool area. The unacceptable noise, however, was from the cleaners. During the night they would slam doors shut and have a full on conversation whilst you are trying to sleep. They would even knock on your door at 7am to see if you want your room cleaned! One occassion we returned to our room from the beach dripping wet, running late for our dinner reservation and the cleaner would not let us in. We were told that we had to wait 15 minutes until they were finished. After 5 minutes of standing in the hallway, I took the kids into the bathroom for their wash whilst they cleaned the room at 6.30pm. Morning of our departure, I requested help to remove our cases from the rooms. We agreed the time but no one turned up. Upon calling several times, we were informed that there was no one to help. so with 2 kids, we had to move our 5 suitcases in an over crowded lift which we had to wait over 10 minutes for. This hotel has cut too many corners and does not offer those essential serives that is provided in 4 star hotels let alone a 5 star. It is a grand hotel with great decor; It is a good place to visit but I can think of lots of other better places to stay. Do recommend the water park and the dolphin bay.	
Apr 18 2009 	Lovely Hotel needs more personal service	We arrived at the beginning of the Easter Holidays, our children are aged 9 and 12. We have been to Dubai twice before, staying in the Beit Al Bahar Villas and Mina Al Salam, Jumeriah Beach. We have also stayed at The Atlantis in The Bahamas, six years ago. I actually preferred the Bahamas Hotel, although of course, Dubai is brand new and very glitzy, it didnt feel the same as Bahamas, there wasn't any personal service, obviously very hard to be as it is so big. We were given a room which had no balcony at all, literally open the doors and stand there behind a metal fence. So we upgraded to a Terrace Suite, an extra £180 a night, alot of money granted, but worth every penny, as we could at least have some privacy once the kids went to bed. It had a very large balcony with sunbeds and a table for four people, a large bathroom and dressing room and a large lounge area. Restaurants were very expensive, service not that great, one day they forgot our order completely (at the poolside restaurant). We did find that they welcomed children more in the restaurants than the other hotels we stayed in before. Didnt find room was cleaned very well, dusty tables etc! Beach wasnt bad, kids loved the football and table tennis every day, the pools are lovely though, service around the pool was quite good. The Water Park was great, not as good as Wild Wadi but boys loved it still, especially &quot;The Leap of Faith&quot; slide!	
Apr 18 2009 	This resort has something for everyone.	We stayed here for one night to celebrate my wife's birthday. We had our 21 month old daughter with us as well. Booked an Imperial Club room and got upgraded to a Regal Suite. It was simply an unbelievable room. Large ensuite with a jacuzzi tub. A living room with an office area to the side as well as a bar. The bedroom had a lounge area to the side with an L-shaped couch.Service was ok as the staff is still not fully trained. They try their best though which is more than you can say for some places.The beach was massive and clear blue water with white sand. Aquaventure was impressive but I would pass on the Lost Chambers if it was not included with the room.Food in the Imperial Club was ok with good service. We ate at Kaleidoscope which was better than most family oriented buffets. Nobu looked pretty cool but we did not go as our daughter was not so co-operative at the restaurant.All in all, a great facility for a weekend or 3 or 4 days. An entire week could be a bit much unless driving into the city is not an issue.	
Apr 16 2009 	Visit just for the day you will still get the wow factor	We have had several trips to Dubai and watched the Palm being developed so where quite excited about staying at the Atlantis . I have read the reviews and want to be as balanced as possible . Yes there is a wow factor but you can only watch fish in tanks for so long .I had stayed at the Atlantis in the Bahamas so i knew it would be big yet i presummed it it would have the service we have experienced in Dubai before and for me this is were it failed. Hotel caters for 1500 people staff were often very indifferent to your requests due to being busyRoom was nice but no balcony which we had requested despite being there for 9 nights they said they could not move usWe ate in two of there restaurants Rostang 2 michilin star food her e was appalling complaints fell on deaf hears . Kaleidoscope over priced for a buffet . We didnt try any more apart from breakfast which was fine .I can highly recommend both the Pier chic and PaiThai at AL Qasar roughly £210 with wine same price as Atlantis but far superior .We too also ate at the emirates mall and can recommend the Pizzaeria , Chop Chop and the mexican all in the west end section of the mall and all for under £70 for three. Try the festival mall aswell nice water front fun fair for children and nice selection of restaurants. If you like massive crowds not too fussed about the service &amp; food and just want to be seen in the in place then the Atlantis would be fine. I would recommend staying at any of the following ,Burj Al Arab,Mina A Salam or Royal Meridian all give excellent service less crowded and value for money. One last thing on the Atlantis if you have children be aware that you will have to pay for the teen and childrens club which i was not aware of before i went .The childrens club would cost £50 a day or £356 for 9 days. The water park is worth a visit for a family of 3 you would be looking at roughly £200 for the day depending on exchange rates ( WILD WADI is free to guests of the jumirah group ). Overall i do not feel the Atlantis is value for money far too big and impersonal.	
Apr 16 2009 	Love Dubai but Atlantis is way overpriced.	We just returned from 10 days at the Atlantis in Dubai. We have been to Dubai before and we have stayed at the Atlantis in the Bahamas so we are able to compare the hotel and the location. For city, I prefer Dubai to the Bahamas, but I prefer the Atlantis in the Bahamas to Atlantis The Palm. We used at Best At Travel for this trip and I was quite nervous about using a travel company like this, especially as I have read some scary reviews about them online. My initial contact with them was not good as the first agent I spoke to was aggressive and quite rude. He kept calling me and emailing me and really put me right off using them. A friend was going at the same time as me and was using BestAtTravel and she had an agent that was easier to deal with, so I switched agents and it was all good after that.Best At Travel is an authorized agent of The Atlantis so they can swing some pretty sweet deals. By booking through BestAtTravel our trip was several thousand pounds cheaper than booking directly through the hotel, plus it included flights on Emirates and hotel transfers. I had heard that BestAtTravel were slow in sending the paperwork, had terrible customer followup and you didn't always get what you paid for. This was the not the case for us, or the two other families that used them at the same time for the same trip. I will definitely use them again.As for the hotel - it is just way overpriced. Yes its 5 star and the room price is an indicator of how expensive its going to be, but the Atlantis can be accused of price gouging its guests once you are there. There is nothing else around you so if you want to go for lunch or dinner somewhere offsite, its about a 15-20 minute taxi ride. To charge $11 for a small waffle at the water park is outrageous. $10 for dippin dots. $80 for a lunch of frozen deep fried chicken nuggets and fries!!!!As for the water park, its wonderful but as many other reviewers have noted, its open to the public and the hotel guests get treated the same as the paying public. This means the doors open at the same time and if you don't don't get down there early, there are no sun beds to be had. The Atlantis should give its hotel guests either an early entry time or extended hours. This was definitely the biggest complaint I heard. That and how busy the water park was - 45 min to 1 hour lines for some of the rides. When you are paying top dollar to stay at this resort, you don't expect to have to wait that long.So the pros and cons in a nutshell:Pros:Friendliness of staffResort is beautifulWeatherCons:Water Park is too busyWay overpriced on everythingBeach is man made and the sand feels like crushed concreteMeal times are like cattle callsWe love Dubai and will go again but I won't stay at the Atlantis. I will however stay at the Atlantis in the Bahamas, as the experience there was all positive.	
Apr 14 2009 	thank you never again	We were in hotel in the end of March, it was our fifth visit in Dubai, we were there for 2 weeks with two small children. Previously we stayed in Jumeirah Beach Hotel.Very busy hotel with a lot of visitors from outside, so sometime you feel like on the train station. Service - is nice but you can find too many things not working properly - waiting 10 minutes at the swimming pool to get towels and place, cleaning room on very standart level- our balcony was never cleaned, chaos in restaurants esp. for breakfast.Food - the best breakfast menu which we ever had, advantage to take breakast till noon. Fantastic French restaurant, the rest of restaurants - averageBeach - you can feel that it is manmade, view not niceThe view from balcony - construction sideToo big hotel, not enough green aroundComparing with Jumeirah Beach hotel - much worse	
Apr 14 2009 	Fabulous accomodations! Beautiful Hotel...	I just came back from Dubai with my 13 year old son. We had no problem with checking in, about a 10 minute wait which after my explaining how tired we were, got us an upgrade to the Imperial Club. The staff was very helpful and the pool and water park were very clean! I would recommend it for a short stay. The traffic going to the end of the island can some times be long with all of the construction going on. A for sure must is going to the Souqs down by the creek. Great shopping for textiles, gold and spices. Really gives you a feel for the country!	
Apr 14 2009 	Once in a lifetime	We have just arrived back from Altantis. We were slightly concerned having read some of the previous reviews. We aren't a rich family and were primarily concerned about costs. This is our opinion only. I hope it assists your decision making or puts your mind at rest. It isn't in any particular order, just as we remember things.1- As a 'once in a lifetime' the Altantis is quite an experience. To be on an island 1 mile out to sea which you can watch being built on Youtube is a great tribute to mankind's ability - when put to good use. Although there isn't much to view on the Palm other than the Alantis the engineering feat is quite considerable.2- The hotel is huge- we were on the fourth floor and our room was number 300 plus. There are 18 floors ( at least)..... Maths isnt my chosen subject but there are clearly going to be lots of people there. Even with six lifts we had to queue some days to get into the lift. 3-The weather is hot - it was between 30 and 38 when we were there and did'nt seem to drop much of an evening. We ventured ashore on two evenings and the taxi showed the temp as 30 ( at ten at night). That said it was very windy on Easter Sunday to the extent that the sunbeds were being blown across the poolside and I know they had a few storms just before we arrived. 4- The Atlantis is very expensive. This is made worse by the poor exchange rate at the moment ( around 5 DHS per Pound): Some examples:Pint of beer £9. Glass of wine £12 . ( The Shore restaurant / bar next to the pool does a happy hour between 5pm and 8pm at half price. Food at the pool will cost about £15/20 for a basic snack per person through the day, ice cream £4 each.That said the rooms are refilled with water daily (1 and a half litre bottle) so you could in theory take that to the pool side. 5- Food in the restaurants is very expensive - we worked on a budget of £160 a day for food - between two adults and a child and just about managed. And that was really just for a snack during the day and an evening meal (free breakfast).If your rich then that's obviously not an issue - but for ourselves, we had to be careful ( it can add up very quickly). You can keep an eye on your bill on the TV in your room which helps. Oh - we did endulge one evening and bought one of the cheaper bottles of red wine @£60.6- The water park is pretty good - not quite Disney Florida but good for a day out. Be careful though as we were there over easter and it was very crowded.My daughter fell out of her rubber ring on the rapids and ended up with gravel rash on her knees and foot as did my wife trying to rescue her. The guards are strategically placed but werent able to stop this happening. Food in the park is slightly cheaper as its also open to non hotel guests.7- The dolphins are worth a visit. I didn't have 'kissing a dolphin' on my top ten 'must doo's' before I die' but it was quite an experience - if you have kids its worth booking up before you leave home. The Lost Cambers is also worth a visit as there are some stunning sights. 8- The staff at the hotel were excellent, very friendly and really cannot do enough for you. We asked for extra coffee one evening as we had run out and room service were there within minutes- very apologetic. Rooms were cleaned every day.The room itself was a good size with two queen size beds. We did hear a couple complaining that they had been squashed into a similar room with their 4 kids? For us the room was fine but I would make sure you know what your getting.There is security and staff everywhere and all are very keen to help with anything.My one complaint would relate to the pool side service where the staff are very busy - we met with a bit of indifference when asking for some sunbeds ( as they all appeared occupied) or when asking for a menu ( as you have to be at your sunbed to order food). I think this is to stop you ordering kids portions ( which are just as big as adult ones but only one third the price).The sunbeds have canopies on them and towels are free.We didn't go to the beach other than for a walk ( the hotel has its own beach at the rear of the hotel facing the palm). The sand seemed hard but clean. The beach has plenty of space. The view is only spoilt by the Mono Rail which runs from Atlantis to the shore.9- Breakfast was included in our package and was served until 11am and 12 noon in the two available rooms (Saffron and Kaleidoscope). There is so much to choose from and it's all the highest quality. The fruit juice choice is quite something. Breakfast time is very busy but there always seemed to be plenty of staff to help - no sooner had you finished than your plate was removed - which only led to the temptation to go and fill another one.My daughter now expects cornflakes with chocolate milk / onion bhaji / noodles and marshmallows (dunked in the chocolate fountain) every day.10- There does seem to be a bit of who can wear the most expensive sunglasses / watch - carry the best handbag on show. This was largely lost on me but there are clearly some people there because its vogue. But with the most expensive rooms at 18k a night its to be expected. 11- Overall then I would rate Atlantis as very good. We were in Dubai in October 08 and stayed at The Hilton Jumeirah which if I'm honest was just as good but cheaper - the difference being the 'Disney ' factor.We also ate out on two nights to see what else was on offer.We visited the Souk Madinat near to the Burj Al Arab. This has some excellent traditional shops ideal for presents and some lovely restaurants next to the water side. Costs here were much more realistic - £15 for a main course - but still £6 for a beer.Alcohol is always going to be expensive in the UAE. We also visited the Mall of the Emirates which offers a wide range of excellent shops similar to the Metro Centre or The Trafford Centre etc... with the addition of a huge visible ski slope and signs asking you not to show affection to your partner, reminding that you were in the UAE. Food here is considerably cheaper - alcohol isnt available. We went to a Pizzaeria and the whole meal cost less than our 'one off' bottle of red wine from the Atlantis.Taxi costs were about 5 to 6 pounds each way from The Atlantis. Be mindful that the taxi drivers we experienced were very poor drivers - far to fast and close - lane hopping etc. All in all I think Dubai has loads more to offer. The Atlantis was definately worth the cost on this occassion for the experience - next time I would probably opt for cheaper on Jumeirah beach and spend the rest on trips out.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent fantastic super	March/April 2009 had a fortnights family holiday staying at the Atlantis the Palm Dubai, before travelling took a look on trip adviser and was concerned!!!!!...... on reaching our desination my worries were put to bed the hotel itself is magnificant the staff FANTASTIC nothing to much trouble, friendly. Our room slept two adults (double bed) my 12yr daughter (double bed) and my 10yr son (single bed) was very clean, had all the mod cons our daughter chuffed as had ipod dock. So much detail in the decor of the room in connection with the sea. Bedding changed daily and soft not starchy, bed very comfortable, bidet and toilet in separate room of the bathroom, large powerfull walk in shower. Plenty of power points (uk sockets) Iron and ironing board, hairdryer, fridge (room for own drinks as well as mini bar drinks) plenty of bottles of water left daily FREE as well as dish of fresh fruit changed daily. Out and about very clean and if you pass a member of staff, smiley and ALLWAYS say &quot;hello&quot; first. Pool area excellent pool staff locate sunbeds lay out towels fetch food and drinks for you. Sunbeds excellent comfortable as have own shade umbrella/hood so excellent for kids used extra towels and made little dens for the kids. My kids where well chuffed with the zone area (amusements) word of warning give allowance nightly or you will be putting your hands in your pockets all hoiliday. Payed extra and joined the premium leasure club which entitled you to FREE child care in the kids club FREE entry in Aquaventure (only hotel residents from 10am - 11am). FREE soft drinks in lounge allday plus cheese, sushi nibbles plus sandwiches and afternoon tea happy hour from 6pm - 8pm when alcohol unlimited. The staff in the lounge were very abliging and nothing to much trouble. Laptops available to use in lounge along with magazines/papers . The security for residents area only was very strict. The aquarium was fantastic larger than life, lost chambers very informative, dolphin bay (interaction with dolphins extra charge) beach abit of a let down very scratchy on feet but stafff are working to erase this problem. The restaurants have fantastic decoration BUT food is exspensive but quality is fantastic. Recommend seafire (steak), saffron (buffet), Locatelli (italian), Kalidoscope (buffet). Taxis very cheap, Dubai /emirates malls very clean and large selection on label shops and a lot of uk shops one word of warning if intending on purchasing a costly item check out prices before leaving uk plus make sure wear comfy shoes as you will be doing a lot of walking. On conclusion we have decided as a family that we will definately be going back next year.	
Apr 8 2009 	Overpriced isolated and worst service in Dubai	Not wanting to take anything away from the grandeur of this hotel - which is undoubtedly spectacular and a feast for the eyes, but is tragically let down by the service which is the worst we experienced by far from all the hotels we visited in Dubai. It's overpriced throughout and the atmosphere is exclusive and cold. My advice would be to take a day trip to the Atlantis. You'll still get to see it all you won't have to be served by arrogant staff at an overpriced hotel that is cut off from the rest of the city's attractions.	
Apr 7 2009 	Amazing Expensive Experience....	Right from the time we arrived the experience was amazing and fantastic. The check in was quick and the luggage reached our room before we could (though was a bit concerned after reading the reviews here) . The room was pretty well made and almost perfect except for the toileteries which seemed very cheap stuff. The Aquaventure was a great experience and we went there twice during our stay. The breakfast at both the restaurants was fantastic but i feel Saffron had more variety. One thing we didnt like was that the public areas was alwyas teeming with crowds and didnt give that exclusive feel for such a grand property. The hotel staff were excellent and the entire property was well made and maintained. The restaurants were really expensive as well the bars. The location of the hotel at the tip of this wonderful island was pretty good and everything looked so out of this world that our stay for 5 days just got over before i realised it. I will definitely like to come back but as there are other good properties in Dubai... i would like to experience their hospitality before visiting again. Due to the large size of the hotel i felt the warmth of a 5 star experience was somewhere missing.But overall a wonderful experience ..one to remember for sometime to come.	
Apr 1 2009 	Simply Amazing	Hi,The wife and I stayed her for 4 nights in march. I can honestly say this place is truly amazing. The staff and service were brillant. This is a very very clean resort there are always people cleaning.We visited the 2 buffett restaurants on the resort and found the variety and quality of food was excellent. A little pricey for me though(150cdn for 2, without alcohol).The pools and water park were excellent, there is also a very large night club on the property that was very busy in the evening. Great atmosphere and music.I can go on and on..but trust me you will not be dissapointed	
Apr 1 2009 	The WoW Factor!	Having been to Dubai previously and stayed at the wonderful Jumeriah Beach hotel I didn't think I could be as thrilled about another hotel in Dubai - but I was wrong!The Atlantis Palm is a another &quot;one off&quot; in Dubai, its location at the top of the Palm is fantastic from a scenery point of view, but not that convenient if you want to visit the Creek in Old Dubai which almost an hour by taxi due to the heavy traffic.We stayed on the &quot;Club Floor&quot; (12th floor) which had its own breakfast/lounge area which had a fantastic view of Dubai, the Burj al Arab and Jumeriah Beach area. This lounge was nice to visit other times of the day where you could get a drink and sit quiet as the rest of the hotel was always busy with lots of people around. The acquarium was great and the Lost Chambers (free to guests) is a must. Also free to guests, is entrance to the adjacent water park and it doesn't matter how old you are this place is fun! I plonked myself in a &quot;rubber ring&quot; and drifted around the lazy river and the rapids for hours on end! Some of the water rides are a bit scary, but most of them are just good fun - but all of them are unusual, like drifting in your rubber ring along a transparent tunnel with fish and sharks swimming all around the transparent tunnel.There is lots of choice of Restaurants, most of them quite expensive, and the drinks are also fairly expensive - but a lot of this is due to the drop in the pound when exchanging money. The weather was quite pleasant at this time of year, averaging about 23-25 degrees.We did the desert trip (with Arabian Adventures) in four wheel drive vehicles which was great fun and recommended, provided you don't suffer from any sort of car sickness because the bumping around is serious stuff.All in all, a great 4 nights spent at the Atlantis Palm.	
Mar 26 2009 	amazing	after reading some of the other reviews i was getting a bit worried about my choice of hotel for my 40th . arrived early in the morning which i thought might have been a problem but they could not have been more helpful my travel agent had already told them it was my birthday so our room was upgraded ( which was beautiful ) the hotel itself is immaculate not a thing out of place on there weekend which is a friday and Saturday you do get a lot of tourists coming to look at the amazing aquarium ,and lost chambers which was unbelievable but you can deal with that as they cant use the swimming pools or beach. the pools are excellent especially the zero entry pool which is fantastic for young children mine are 9+6. kids club 10 / 10 breakfast 10/10 dinner 10/10 as a resident you get unlimited access to the water park as well a saving of about £ 200 for a family of 4 water park .at night head for the chill out area on the beach with there own resident DJ and sax player you feel totally relaxed on the huge bean bags that are scattered on the grass and beach the whole place was amazing me and my family loved everything about it and was so glad we stayed there rather than the other boring 5*hotels	
Mar 25 2009 	How we got Maximal Value out of this expensive but beautiful resort	We were transited through Dubai from Canada to Asia. We decided to spent three days in Dubai to see what everyone was talking about. We spent a good deal of time researching the various reviews, and following the various forums...which were very helpful...Thank-you &quot;Latimer.&quot;After all this research, we decided that we really wanted to experience Atlantis. The problem in my mind was the value for the money we were spending. Considering that almost the same resort in the Bahamas is a 3 hour flight away from us, and is priced at nearly half the price as the Dubai Atlantis, we opted to maximize our time, and minimize the cost as much as possbile.As mentioned, we spent three nights in Dubai. However, we only spent one of those nights at Atlantis. You may think that shuttling between three hotels in three days is hassle, and it is, a bit. I think we lost about an hour of our time in Dubai because of this. However, the difference in price saved us about $1,600 USD, and our non-Atlantis hotel was very close to the airport which made for a convenient departure.We arrived in Dubai on Tuesday afternoon, checked into our hotel in Deira (I'll write another reveiw about that one), and then promptly starting checking out Dubai, including ski-dubai. The next morning, we had breakfast, checked-out of our first hotel, and checked into Atlantis by about 11:00. Again, after reading the reviews, we felt the imperial club would be the best value for the two adults and our two children aged 7 and 9. Considering a can of 7-up costs approximitely $8, and a cup of tea was closer to $10, I think was a good deal.Since we checked in early (they only had 78 rooms booked that day), we were shown the club lounge, and then promptly had something to eat. We then headed off to the waterpark for a fun-filled day. As the sun was setting, we went over to the Dolphin area followed by some relaxing time by the beach....these beaches are no carribean by any stretch of the imagination, but the little fish on the shoreline and the abundant shells kept our kids happy.We went back to the room, got ready, and then headed off to the lounge. We had missed afternoon tea, which I am told included sandwhiches. The afternoon snacks were plenty for us. They had a chef who made a wonderful smoked salmon appetizer. We are not big eaters...especially our kids, and this was more than enough for us to eat to consider this dinner. Later in the evening, we strolled down to the lounge to get some hot chocolate and some more snacks. The staff at the lounge were kind enough to deliver this to our room for us, which was a nice touch. They did the same thing in the morning when we requested a morning cup of tea....freshly brewed from loose tea leaves.After &quot;dinner&quot;, we went down to the lost chambers, and had a great time looking at the various exhibits here. A true highlight to our visit.The next morning we woke up early and had a choice of two restaurants, or the lounge for breakfast. Despite the great reviews about the restaurants, we decided to eat in the lounge. We ate on the balcony overlooking the waterpark and the ocean, an enjoyed a full buffet, included eggs, bacon, toast, pastries, pancakes, juices, coffee/tea, cheeses, etc. This was more than plenty for us.The staff at the lounge provided me with a laptop so that I could check and respond to e-mails. You get free WiFi with the imperial club, but need to request a password. It was much less hassle for the staff to just give me the computer for as long as I needed it.The waterpark opens at 10:00 am, so in the meantime, we went to the pool, which was quiet and quite relaxing. Close to 10:00 we headed off for our second round at the waterpark. We spent another couple of hours there, went back to the lounge for some lunch, packed and checked out by 3:00. We were told that the kids club was included with the lounge, and almost put the kids into it while we packed, but they were content just hanging out with us.We left Dubai early next morning from our hotel in Deira, enjoying our trip to Atlantis and Dubai. The resort itself is beautiful. The staff is curteous and helpful. The rooms are a good size, and very clean. The beds are comfortable. The lounge is well stocked, and worth every penny to considering the price of food and drinks elsewhere...you also get a higher floor for your room with better views of the palm. The aquarium is amazing and the lost chambers are fantastic. I would go back. When our kids truly appreciate fine food, we would consider a longer stay as to try out the various restaurants. Until then, I think one night is enought to get a lot out of the resort.	
Mar 21 2009 	Absolutely amazing!	I took my husband to Dubai for his 40th Birthday as a surprise and chose the Atlantis to stay in. What a fantastic choice. The hotel is absolutely amazing, the service is exceptional the room was wonderful and the buffet breakfast is just out of this world. I can not praise the hotel enough. Wonderful pool, lovely views, great water park, fantastic club and the staff are so accommodating. It took me a long while to decide which hotel I was going to choose to stay at and I am absolutely thrilled with the decision that I made. My husband said that this was probably the best experience of his life other than having our children, I don't think you can possibly beat that. This was a fantastic time to go to Dubai the temperature was perfect and the pools were really quiet. If taking a trip to Dubai I would highly recommend the culinary flight at the Burg Al Arab this was an amazing experience (don't eat to many nuts in the sky bar at the beginning as each course of the meal was huge and we were struggling by the end). Take a trip over Dubai in a seaplane as this will take your breath away. The jeep safari to a beduin camp in the desert is definately one to try as this was thoroughly enjoyable. I would highly recommend Arabian adventures for your trips as their service was impeccable. Avoid arabia horizons like the plague as they are absolutely hopeless! I would say that you could not possibly beat this hotel in any way. I would recommend this hotel to any one for a trip of a lifetime.	
Mar 20 2009 	Wonderful stunning hotel!!	I returned yesterday from the Atlantis hotel in Dubai. For the first 2 days all i said was 'WOW', its amazing, clean, smart, plush and beautiful.It really is 5 star, the staff are all so friendly and politie and can not do enough for you, anything you want they will do.The rooms are lovely, so comfortable, the bed and the pillows were wonderful and the bathrooms beautiful and spottless, so clean and well designed.The food was amazing, some of the best food i have ever had, the breakfast which was included in the price was franckly outstanding, you could eat almost anything you liked. There was English, curry, chinese breakfast, sweet counter which even had a chocolate fountain and every jucie freashly squeezed you could think of. Although i did hear a man complain that there was no carrot jucie, the next day it was there, even though there was all different coloured apple juices, mango, orange, and the list goes on and on!!I really have no compalints, although it was very epensive in the hotel to eat, drink or buy anything. We payed £40 for 2 glasses of wine in one resturant, so be careful!!Oh dont forget to visit the water park which is part of the hotel, its brilliant fun and very scary water slides but worth it!!Overall wonderful luxery holiday and i cant wait to go back to this hotel soon, i am sad to be home now, i would reccomend it to anyone. I had read all the people moaning on here, i dont think i could moan about a thing.	
Mar 18 2009 	A lovely relaxing place to stay	The hotel is beautiful, with a subtle sea theme. We found all the staff very helpful and they could not do enough for us. The rooms were big, 2 double beds and the bathroom even opened up into the bedroom,they were quiet and beds comfortableThere was always complimentary water but no special turn down service.The food was good, we booked all the restaurants before we arrived as we were travelling with another family and did not want hungry children. We tended to have a very late breakfast/brunch as this would last us through to the evening meal. The variety in both breakfast restaurants was brilliant. If we did have lunch it was a bit pricey but what we had was tastey. We did not eat in any of the fine dining restaurants but all that we ate in were lovely.There were a couple of birthdays in our group and the restaurants provided a lovely cake for each occassion and one in the room.The alcohol was silly money, we took some spirits with us so we could have a pre dinner drink. We took advantage of the happy hour at the Nasimi at 4 and enjoyed our drinks with a leisurely game of cards. The price of wine at dinner was very expensive and so we tended to drink beer or spirits. We didn't want alot to drink but the prices could not be justified. We experienced the dolphins, it was well run and informative and lovely as a one off. Aquadventure was great fun, it is best to get there early or all the rings get taken. the rides are great fun. The aquarium is well worth a trip and the people who work there are very knowledgeable. The pools were warm and we could always get a sun longer, the zero entry pool was our favourite with children. We did not use the beach much, the sand is very hard and crunchy! There are things to entertain the children: table tennis, basket ball, kite flying if they want todo something different.All in all it was a very relaxing week, with good food and good company.	
Mar 18 2009 	Why all the bad press I thought it was fantastic!	I had already booked this trip before looking at the reviews on Trip Advisor so when I read them I was a bit concerned to say the least. I have to say that now I have been I don't know why everyone is belly aching about the facilities at this hotel. I found the staff to be extremely friendly and efficient. Yes it's a 5 star hotel and yes it is expensive but no more so than any other quality hotel all over the world and I have stayed in most (including the Burj al Arab which was also fantastic). None of the complaints I have read in all the reviews I found to be accurate or true, every request made of staff and house-keeping was effectively carried out in record time. Room Service fantastic, delivered in less than 25 minutes. Bar Staff and Waiters extremely co-operative and attentive. We tried six of the main restaurant and loved them all, the best in our opinion was the Seafire Restaurant and special accolade needs to go to Anthony Ractliff the Operation Manager who was extremely attentive, pleasant and very informative. We spent over 15 minutes talking to him on the two occasions we were in the restaurant, well done Anthony and we will see you on our next visit to the truly amazing Atlantis Hotel.We upgraded to the Imperial Club which in our opinion was good value for money (very much like the Executive Club in the Jumeira Beach Hotel but better). You pay for what you get, confront and solve issues and problems with management when or if they happen or just go to Blackpool and enjoy the beach! International travel is about experiencing the journey and enjoying yourself.This is the first time I have ever put comments onto a website like this but I felt compelled to as I felt the hotel is being unfairly commented on.	
Mar 17 2009 	Wonderful Hotel but meals expensive	We have just visited this wonderful hotel. The location is superb as is the hotel. Splendid views back acrossDubai City.Large standard rooms, extremely clean with all facilities. Photos attached.There are about 8 restaurants on site. We ate in one of the cheaper restaurants the first night - the food was good but it was expensive, over £50 per person for just 2 courses. We decided to get a taxi into town to eat on other occasions as taxi travel is relatively reasonable.The Atlantis hotel has a wonderful water park with slides &amp; tubes. It is free for hotel guests just go down to the beach entrance for 9pm &amp; you will get a wristband and a golf car into the waterpark. Swimming with dolphins costs extra but you can go and look at the dolphin pols for free. The hotel has a vast aquarium in the basement foyer that also forms walls to a couple of rooms and 2 restaurants but is also accessed from the hotel and aqua park.The workers in the hotel were all foreign and all extremely pleasant &amp; helpful.We went for afternoon tea at the Burj al arab - certainly recommended - will file report shortly.The hotel provides free bus travel to 3 shopping malls. Just ask for a timetable from the concierge.We went to the mall of the emirates - the largest excellent but apparently some of the others are a bit cheaper.	
Mar 16 2009 	Amazing place - pricey but nearly faultless!	Slightly apprehensive after reading a few other comments but stay was perfect. - Rooms &amp; bathroom clean and wholesome- Well built hotel so no sound through walls- Friendly helpful staff- Expensive but as expected- Waterpark excellent- Swimming pools &amp; beach excellent- Aquarium brilliant	
Mar 13 2009 	Never Again	I am a frequent traveler to Dubai and when i heard about a new and exciting grand hotel is going to open, i thought ' why not '. My 'why not' changed to ' WHY OH WHY' as soon as i got there. The lobby was very nice and there were many staff at hand. But soon as i got to my room i was shocked by the blandness of the decor. It followed no theme, white walls and plain fittings. I went to sleep hoping that the rest of the hotel will make up for the rooms failure. I woke up and went for breakfast. The buffet was nice and there was alot of variety so i ate well. After breakfast i realised that the hotel was full of tourists who had come to see the aquarium. I quickly realised that, if your looking for a luxury hotel, this is not one. It is a tourist attraction and it shouldnt be classed as a five star resort. The plus sides of my visit were the water park, which was practically empty. And the Dolphin Interaction was worth every penny. But you dont have to stay here to enjoy these things. I did get to see a few celebrities as i was there for the grand opening but i imagine they are not going to be back too soon either.If you want true luxury Dubai style, I recommend the Madinat Jumierah, Dar al masyaf to be more precise.	
Mar 13 2009	Dubai is a ghost city and Atlantis a huge disappointment	Dubai is unfortunately not what it used to be. Many areas are now half deserted. The service has also declined significantly everywhere but at the Atlantis it was a complete disaster. Impresonnal and uncaring. As soon as we arrived we discovered that they lost our suitcases and 3 hours later they still did not know where they put them! Four hours later they arrived . The place felt like a hotel factory or a large half empty airport. The fish and in particulaqr the dolphins were a real joy. Although we got the room on a pay 2 stay 3 offer, we still found that we overpaid.	
Mar 12 2009 	Centrepiece of the Palm development	The Atlantis Palm is at the moment the centrepiece of the Palm development, where the residential properties in their identical sand colours make the whole area rather anonymous. It certainly attracts the crowds who want to see what all the fuss is about. The hotel is the brainchild of Sol Kerzner who already runs luxury hotels in Mauritius, South Africa, Bahamas (that also has an Atlantis), Maldives as well as the Sun City resort and casinos.It’s a big resort hotel, but anyone who has visited Las Vegas has seen it all before where you have hotels pretending to be Paris, Venice, a medieval castle etc and if you think the Atlantis is large the MGM Grand is much bigger.The atrium with its glass sculpture provides a photo opportunity for guests and visitors, but you do wonder if this hotel will ever be complete without gaming tables. After all it was always rumoured that gambling would be allowed in the Palm area during the construction phase.I got a good deal for this hotel and paid less than many others would have paid during the first few months of the hotel opening. I spent a few nights in the Atlantis as a stopover from my main holiday in the Far East. As I already stayed in a 5 star hotel in Thailand, I could make a ready comparison between the two during my stay.We arrived at the hotel very early in the morning, in fact before 7:00 am and we did not expect to get a room as official check in time is not until 2:00 pm. Well even at such an early hour we were not the only ones checking in, there was actually a queue. Our first surprise was that they had a deluxe room ready for us with two beds to accommodate two adults and two children. To get a room before official check in time after a long flight from Thailand was a real boon for us and a big pat on the back for the Atlantis. At least we could grab a few hours of sleep instead of hanging around some lounge. In our previous stays in Dubai we have had to wait for a room to be available when we arrived in early morning.We opted for a deluxe room. I was not interested on any upgrade. Our room was a good size and the same size of our 5 star hotel in Thailand, with a large bathroom with for some reason the wall between the bathroom and the bedroom having a small sliding door which can leave you with a lack of privacy if you sharing the rooms with non family members.There was no welcome drink it may have been because we arrived very early as other guests who have stayed there have informed me that they did get a welcome drink. It was not a big deal for me, as on this trip I had several welcome drinks featuring strange concoctions so it was relief to have nothing. However the lack of a daily newspaper delivery for such a prestige hotel needs reviewing by the hotel management. I note that upgraded room get a newspaper. I suppose we should count ourselves lucky that the hotel provides you with a free bottle of water everyday but no turn down service or chocolates in the evening which is almost standard now in 5 star hotels in Dubai and something we would expect as normal.We had buffet breakfast in both the Saffron and Kaleidoscope. For the latter we decided to eat outside in the garden, the range is similar but in the Kaleidoscope when they serve you tea, you have to make it yourself and they bring you the toast to the table (instead of making the toast yourself)and they have a conveyor belt featuring several type of desserts.The Saffron meanwhile has the famous chocolate fountain, although I encountered such a fountain some years ago in the Shangri La Kuala Lumpar and even back then it was too early in the morning to sample it although my kids enjoyed it. Saffron seems to be the more popular with guests having a range of international cuisine including Chinese, Japanese and Indian food as well as a juice bar. Some food needs better signposting in both the restaurants as too often I had to ask someone to identify a particular dish.There was a nice range of freshly squeezed juices, freshly cooked omelette's but the hash browns were a tad crunchy on a few occasions. Croissants were good and freshly baked and I could not resist the small pots of bread and butter pudding I (even though they seemed hidden away). I did not opt to have any of the curry dishes but I could understand that some guests may decide to have a late breakfast/early lunch with the range of food on offer.We knew that food in the various restaurants is expensive. Buffet breakfast was included in the price of our room, but my wife did sample some of the curry dishes as we contemplated eating in one of the buffet restaurants one evening. However having tasted some of the Chinese food, Chicken curry and Lamb curry over separate days her conclusion was that the food was too salty, not enough flavour and nothing special to justify a buffet dinner at almost £60 per head. For my part, one look of the Vegetable korma and all I can say the hotel would have to pay me to eat it and even then I would politely decline. Then again I was never a big fan of korma.A thing I noticed about the Saffron, that it was actually a good place for people watching especially as certain guests wandered around wearing dark glasses with a certain air about them so early in the morning as if they were some C list celebrity at ease with such opulent surroundings. (I also noted some of the same guests sitting in a ‘pose’ in the hotel atrium and also outside the hotel near the taxi stand, the irony being the only famous person I did see was wandering around the hotel as ordinary as most of us.)The teething problems the hotel had during its soft opening period has been ironed out. The staff is friendly and helpful although we found our room tended to be made up much later in the afternoon. There is a regular hotel newsletter listing hotel activities, there is an evening shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates but only one way and there is another shuttle bus that takes you to the new Dubai Mall (a return service operated it seems by the mall and not the hotel). The shuttles arrive at the front of the hotel where the taxis wait. I was aware that there was a shuttle but when I emailed the hotel for confirmation before I set off for my holiday they denied such a service existed which seems strange and recommended that we take a cab or there chauffeured driven BMW at a very high hourly rate. Staying on The Palm means that a one way taxi ride costs about £5 to get out of the Palm area and to the nearest Mall.As for facilities the hotel has to offer, we tried the zero entry pool which is more kid friendly than the Royal pool. The zero entry pool has pool toys, basketball rings and by the side of the pool trampolines. The beach is man made in an artificial man made island. So do not have any expectation of a fine sandy beach. Instead its course sand, with some rough stones/coral and the sea is cold because you are further away from the actual coastline. I do not think the beach will get any better because of the nature of the Palm project. As we had spent our early legs of the trip on various beaches and hotel pools we opted to spend more time on the Aquaventure water park as we had free entry as hotel guests. We also visited the Lost Chambers, which is basically a small aquarium, although it was nice I would be loathed to pay full price for it.They had various special offers on. For example for spa treatment, hairdressing, I highlight the Royal shave with a free haircut for men. The shave costs approximately £55 (I chose to use my cheap disposable razor instead). There was a free introductory session to the kids club, my children were interested in trying it out but chose to spend time in the water park instead. Of course it goes without saying that the kids club charges has not gone down well with some parents. Internet access is very expensive and to think its only 3 AED an hour in some internet café in Mina Bazaar.In fact the hotel charges are the main problem with the Atlantis. Many 5 star hotels are expensive regarding its extras, spas, restaurants but you get the feeling that maybe by not having an attached casino the management decided to raise revenue some other way. By being just more expensive and having charges for some things that are complimentary in other hotels and cutting out things like newspapers, chocolates on turn down etc. (In fact returning to the famous person I saw looking like you and me, he will have no problems writing the next series of ‘Hustle’.)Unfortunately when management set the prices for the Atlantis we were living in a world where we assumed bankers knew exactly how to run a bank rather than turning out to be incompetent chancers who caused worldwide havoc. The Atlantis seems almost out of touch in these thrifty times. It is no more than a very good hotel that is commonplace in the Las Vegas strip for a fraction of the price. Its no Raffles (Singapore) or Burj Al Arab that takes it out of the ordinary. I have no problem rating it a 4, I got value for money, enjoyed its facilities. I chose not to be extravagant in the hotel but in the long term, there will be other resort hotels with newer gimmicks in Dubai vying to be the next ‘in thing,’ it is then the Atlantis will have to fight for custom and then its pricing structure will look to be a drag.	
Mar 3 2009 	Never ever again to Atlantis	After reading many negative comments we decided to go ahead as we had booked in February for our November trip. We have been to Dubai before so know what to expect having stayed at Jumeriah beach hotel twice before over the very busy christmas period with no problems what so ever. What a shock we were in for. The hotel is stunning to look at but it ends there. The staff were mainly rude and very unhelpful and many couldn't understand your requests for drinks and meals so half the time you didn't get what you asked for. Food and drink was extremley expensive and there were 7 of us. Kids club, internet access, everthing was an extra costThe rooms were made up but the toiletries, water etc were never replaced despite many many requests. No newspapers, choclates on turn down absolutely NOTHING. We had 3 deluxe rooms and this applied to all not just one room. Water park was great but very busy due to non hotel guests. The beach was very poor with sharp coral as opposed to lovely golden sand. I could go on but I am sure you get my drift by now. We love Dubai but not the Atlantis. Jumeriah beach hotel every time. If you have not been to Dubai before you will have nothing to compare Atlantis too so you wont want to go again. Go elsewhere and enjoy	
Mar 2 2009 	1001 glitches	Well, the title might sound a bit harsh and they actually didn't screw up on everything, but the overall impression after a 3 nights stay was very dissapointing!That Dubai is (too) expensive, is commonly known, but the value for what you pay in Atlantis is just miserable. But maybe you shouldn't compare to what you are used to of service and standards in western 5star hotels when staying there. The fact that they have only opened some months ago, might also play in their favour but still I will never stay there again when in Dubai. I could write a long list with unexcusable shortcomings in service and response to customer requests, but I rather state the good points. The food in all outlets, especially Rostang, Ossiano, Nobu and the Italian (forgot the name), were really topclass (not so much the service though). Maybe avoid the breakfastbuffet if you don't fancy hordes of unbehaved local kids running around and throwing with food...I guess that my Dubai partner that had to wait 70minutes for the valet to find his car after our lunch at Nobu won't return neither to Atlantis any soon. By the way, my luggage dissapeared when I checked out, I had to wait 45minutes for it to be found and almost missed my flight! No more comments...	
Mar 1 2009 	Fantastic hotel but some tips on prices ....	Atlantis &amp; Aquaventure do not disapoint.With a 12 year old and free entry into the waterpark for hotel guests £45 for non residents we spent 6 days riding around the lazy river. prices for food and drink are beyond a rip off bottle of water £7 kids meal in the room (this was the cheapest option) £15 for chicken nuggets and chips!! Kids club £20 per hr. So take these tips on board take freezer bags to breakfast and procure your lunch.Make friends with maids and ask for water to take out with you for the day.Dont get drinks and food from runners around the pool or park go directly to kiosks yourself.Dine by the pools or Nasmi. Take a taxi £6 to The Walk Dubai marina plenty of cheaper places to eat. Buy duty free on the way out and take it out with you, We are used to Dubai having been to Jumeriah Beach hotel before but the constant overpouring of money and not recieving the value takes the shine out of the whole holiday and creates stress you are going there to get away from. There is a FREE bus every half hour to Emirates Mall from 5.30 pm. Its a shame as we will be going back to Jumeriah Beach just because of the costs and lack of individual concern when you do have a issue.Bad food on room service and a request to see a bar manager after being charged £25 for one drink went unnoticed no one spoke or saw us. Costs nothing for good service we didnt recieve the value. Just beware take the tips and have a great time at the park,	
Feb 28 2009 	Watch out!!!	Went to Atlantis for a New Year with my wife and 4 children. The first problem start in the airport. I booked a mini van with Atlantis concierge to pick us up in the airport. Guess what, no mini van. Ok. we had to leave our luggage in the airport because it did not feet in the regular car and go to the hotel. Our luggage arrived a few hours later. I would not be a problem, but we were charged for 2 transfers instead of one. For minivan and for regular car, very nice. The staff in the hotel dose not speak much English, make shore that they understood you, because you my get a glass of vodka instead a glass of water. The new year party that we had to book was $900 per adult and $250 per child, that what we were told at the time of reservation. When I got the bill at the last day of our stay, the New Year charge was $6400. I spend about one hour speaking to a few hotel employees until they reduce the charge to $3450 . I paid the bill , which was not cheap for 8 days ( $25 000) and left the hotel. A few weeks later I received my American Express bill and I saw 2 charges from Atlantis Hotel. One for $25 000 that I paid and another one for $2400. I called Atlantis to find out what is it for, but could not get any answer. I called my American express and put a stop payment on this charge. American Express send a request to Atlantis and their answer was that this charge was for 29th of December, because they did not charge me for that day. I MADE A RESERVATION FROM THE 30TH OF DECEMBER ORIGINALLY AND I ARRIVED TO DUBAI ON THE 30TH OF DECEMBER. THE ARRIVAL STAMP IN MY PASSPORT IS 30TH OF DECEMBER!!! Can you imagine that? They are trying to get you every and any way they can!!! WATCH OUT!!!	
Feb 28 2009 	So unsure - loved it but..........	I have never deliberated so much over a review.....here goes...I had emailed the hotel 6 months in advance and prior to our arrival to let them know it was a special surprise holiday for my 'otherhalves' birthday. On arrival we were collected and transferred by Arabian Adventures in a luxurious Audi A8 (recommended). Check in was swift, professional and friendly, we were told we had a palm view (yipee!) and balcony. When we reached our room, though very happy with the size and the overall look and feel of the room, we overlooked the back (or front whichever way you look at it!) of the hotel and had a gulf-view, but with no balcony. I would normally be in seventh-heaven at such a glorious view of the sea, but I knew what the view was on the other-side and I felt that we were missing out. I quickly rang guest services and they informed me that they were full and we had been given a special room for my partners' birthday (we hadn't), I didn't want to sound ungrateful as I didn't know what they had in store for us, so I shut up and put up. They later sent a cake (gorgeous) but they could have sent it ANY room!!. Anyway enough about the view situation. Overall I felt that the room lacked the little things that make the Jumeirah/Burj/Hiltons special. I was surprised that they didn't supply beachbags for example, it sounds petty, but little things like that make it stand out from the crowd, the bathrobes were cheap cotton ones, not the luxurious thick toweling ones you expect at a place like this. We had no turn-down service etc...or extra water, some toiletteries weren't replaced - something you wouldn't normally bother about, but when you're paying the prices that they charge - you want/expect everything spot on. On the positive side, we loved the way the bathroom opened into the bedroom and the rooms were immaculate and had a nice feel to them. The hotel is HUGE, it took us the 3 days we were there to see most of it! We ate at Saffron for breakfast (beats the Jumeirah), Seafire (great steaks) and NOBU (MEGA Expensive...but nice). The pools are really nice and Nasimi is a truly chilled out sunset bar, with great music and a cool saxaphone player (the food was a bit average though, deep fried meze, deep fried chewy calamari). Azurebar, next to the main foyer is gorgeous, the barman is very talented and served our drinks to perfection. We visited the nightclub, which was a great experience. The staff were very attentive (I even had my sunglasses cleaned by the pool) and professional at all times. The waterpark is FANTASTIC, I have never been on a lazy river quite like it. It takes you to all different rivers, white water rafting, rapids, dams that burst, escalators up to speedy tunnel rides whilst you stay on your inflatable!!. It was a truly fun day. The food at the Aqua Adventure was RUBBISH with a capital R. We ordered burger and chips (very average - Burger King type) and I opted for the club sandwich, it was two pieces of soggy bread with some pastrami meat inside and four dirty pieces of lettuce. I have never seen anything quite like it and they quickly changed it for a chicken wrap..... that soon followed the club sandwich, it was disgusting the 'chicken' was a fatty, rubbery, chewy meaty thingy that was wrapped with ?? . The chef came out and was apologetic, I advised him to serve fresh food and people might come into the cafe/restaurant. He said they welcomed remarks from guest's but they had recieved no complaints before!! I really didn't think he was telling the truth. Overall, I loved our time here (even with the above moans). It could be truly magnificant place, but I feel that the Atlantis hasn't decided yet if to go full force Burj/Jumeirah luxury, or cut some costs and never quite reach there.	
Feb 27 2009 	OK but won't be back	I have travelled to Dubai for ages- and here is why Atlantis stands out among other hotels: it is located on the palm, it has aquapark for the kids older than 6, it has a nice design.However I missed the Eastern generous touch that is present in some other hotels in Dubai - it doesn't have the Eastern arab style, it does not have lots of free fruit and arab pastries in the rooms, the rooms are not as large, the kids under 6 have nothing to do and the spa is horrible. I was charged 300 dollars for a manicure and pedicure that did not last a day, and I only wanted my nails varnished, as my hands did not require a mani. The restaurants are far too overpriced. I am not mean, it is just that I have been to top restaurants in Dubai before and I know the prices. We went there for New Year, the restaurants were closed as early as 1.30 am, so we went to the bar which was still open at 2.30, only to be requested to leave shortly after 3 am as it was closing!!!	
Feb 25 2009 	Amazing HotelWater Park and Imperial Club great but not worth the money.	Having stayed at some of the top hotels I have deliberated over my review as everyone has their own expectations. Mine were high having never paid £500 per night for a room (excluding breakfast). In the event we paid £800 per night for three of us to enjoy 7 days in the Imperial Club.We debated paying the extra £100 per person for the Imperial Club. It is not value for money but you are paying for an improved service, a pleasant lounge, in a peaceful calm environment away from the hustle and bustle of the hotel. Included in the Imperial price is breakfast in the Lounge, Kaleidoscope or Saffron restaurants. Free internet access, newspapers (Gulf News in your room and two copies of a Daily Mail in the lounge) beverages and snacks all day. Afternoon tea from 3-5pm with cakes sandwiches crisp etc. Happy hour from 6-8pm included a selection of free alcoholic drinks, (now a sparkling Australian wine not champers as mentioned by previous reviewer.) and the most wonderful canapés. Kids club is included up to certain hours and access to the spa (Jacuzzi, sauna &amp; steam). Food and beverages are only available in the Lounge, so if you are in the Water park, beach or pool you have to return to the lounge.The Imperial Club rooms also have tea and coffee making facilities, a fruit bowl and bottles of water. – I’m not sure if the regular rooms get this.Staff were keen to please and friendly, but with a lack of professionalism and service throughout the hotel is disappointing. This is the biggest complaint. Breakfast in the restaurants is a real pleasure with the largest selection of international cuisine I have seen including chocolate fountains. The hotel was at 85% capacity and serving around 3000 people in the two restaurants during 7 – 11am. In keenness to avoid queuing there is a disregard for guests walking around with their breakfast. Staff were literally running between tables and my daughter was physically pushed out of the way by one waitress. But they succeeded in keeping the queues down. If breakfast isn’t included in the price you will pay around £28 per person per day.Making up of the rooms is very sporadic. There was a day when our room wasn’t made up at all – and quite often there was no turn down service or it happened after we returned to our room at night. There are no fancy chocolates on the pillow or towelling animals.There is conflicting and a lack of information around the hotel. Too many to mention, but on arrival we endured 3 receptionists arguing and whispering over our room rate and where our room should be. The hotel activities list and shuttle bus timetables to the shopping Malls is still not readily available and has to be asked for. Staying on The Palm it is 8km from anything else, so a one way taxi ride costs a minimum of £8.I’m glad we stayed at the Atlantis but in retrospect, I wish we had split our break between the Atlantis and the Jumeriah Beach Hotel. Having spoken to other people who stayed at both Atlantis and Jumeriah, it seems that the Jumeriah offers much better value with exceptional service. I also understand their equivalent to the Imperial Lounge offers a service at the Wild Waddi and at the pool areas so you don’t need to return to the hotel. All this said we had a fantastic time. Would I recommend the hotel to a friend. Yes but with openess of the above critismn - it is an experience.	
Feb 24 2009 	not all it is cracked up to be	whilst hotel is very breathtaking there are far too many rooms for facililites provided. I would not like to stay if it were to ever be full. It was also very expensive. Pools were only 4ft deep and beach is small with no proper waves because of location.	
Feb 22 2009 	Excellent superb extraordinary...	Excellent service, friendly staff, breakfast out of this world, great location, entertaining attractions,.... Usually I am quite critical when writing reviews on hotels (see e.g. my review on the Min A Salam in Dubai...). But for the Atlantis, I cannot find one negative aspect. We completely enjoyed our stay. This hotel really is a place where you feel welcomed. Staying somewhere in the resort not knowing where to go? You can be sure after max. 20 seconds an employee appears offering support. Everywhere people opening doors for you, greeting with a smile,...We never had such a rich breakfast buffet in any hotel we ever visited. Huge choice of bread, japanese and french food, all varieties of cereals, a chocolate well for the kids, ... -- just amazing. Our room was very nice. There was a sliding door between bathroom and bedroom allowing you to have great look to the sea when taking a bath. Aquaventure is good fun, especially &quot;Leap of faith&quot; is a great adrenaline kick even for a 30-something like me. Actually there is one thing to improve: Being lost somewhere in the water park, it would be great to have more signs showing the easiest way to the main attractions.I really hope Atlantis may keep this high level !	
Feb 20 2009 	Great hotel but hideous prices	Wow, what a fabulous location. The hotel is stunning and no expense has been spared on fixtures and fittings. The service is second to none and the staff are very friendly.The rooms are ok but not huge, I have stayed in better. Although there are hairdryers in the rooms, they cannot be plugged in anywhere near a mirror. The bathrooms are luxurious but small. Bath products are Floris which is a yummy brand. Towels are replaced twice a day.The Aquaventure water park is very good and my five year old daughter loved it. It has great thrill rides (which have a 1.2 metre height minimum) and a really good children's section. Life guards are visible everywhere and are approximately 10 feet apart, very re-assuring.We stayed in the Imperial Club. The rooms are exactly the same as deluxe rooms but you have access to the Imperial Club lounge and use of the kids clubs included in the price (didn't know about the kids club when we booked) The additional cost for the Imperial room is in my opinion not worth the extra. We used the Imperial Lounge daily and the nibbles and coffee were great but would have been much cheaper to have used the cafe even at £6.00 a cup (seriously !! so expensive) Also, we don't go on a family holiday to then put our daughter in a club.Restaurants are very expensive, especially for children. First night my daughter ate two slices of pizza which cost £18.00.Overall the hotel and resort are beautiful but do not upgrade to Imperial, it just isn't worth the extra £200 pounds per day.	
Feb 17 2009 	Magical on sea	Well were do I start ...this trip is my only holiday for a year, I work 15 hour days 7 days a week av 332 days a year as I own my own guest house not quite the scale of the Atlantis (10 rooms) .To cut to the review any holiday that I have has to be special.This one was Very very specialI arrived on the 7th Jan 09 was shown a room overlooking sea which I was not keen on as overlooked the front entrance of hotel and I asked to be relocated which was not a problem I was given a room over looking the pool and palm.The room was fantastic two massive double beds and the bathroom was out of this world. The room did had a balcony with standing room only which was a shame (I guess there was the next price bracket up) we could still stand and watch the sun going down over the sea. The facilities and staff around the pools and restaurants were fantastic especially having when breakfast overlooking the pool,the sun on your face,wind in your hair and a full belly, heaven on earth. The lost chambers and water park was amazing even for a 41 year old with no kids. I went on quite a few of the big water rides and some how ended up going through rapids whilst sitting in a inflatable (not inflated enough) ring and nearly losing the back end of my swimming togs in a dark tunnel... hum that day my youth was rekindled and relieved that my dignity was still intact.oh I remember the other thing, the lockers for the water park are very expensive i do believe that all things have a price how ever I was quite gutted at the time and felt cheated as i think it worked out at £11. when going to a 5 star I do expect to pay 5 star prices for food etc but for a locker? humm.......If I could change some things (but who am I) I would set sammy the whale shark free (if that is now the best thing )The Aquariam was amazing on one hand BUT part of me stressed out thinking of how they transported the fish and then how many must have died in the process?.The aquariam was so full of fish that it did make me sad I got myself into a right two and eight (state) .I know Dubai is trying to be bigger and better but nature is so amazing. Made me question what I had bought into .I snapped out of it, as its the world in which we live in and sooo out of my control.Over the 3 days that I was there we experienced some great restaurants Rondo (best pizza) ,buffet restaurants where you can eat what ever you like with very eager chef whom will cook their dishes fresh and deliver to your table.From hammocks on the beach listening to chilled out music to sitting watching people smoking hubbly bubbly pipes whilst sitting on large cushions with a pint of orange juice that was one of my favorite moments.The next evening it was posh cocktails and the next eve the coffee lounge looking across the water fountains and the twinkling lights of Dubai in the distance, my dreams had all come true.Thank you for the vision and the pure escapism from reality the Atlantis delivered me a very special holiday with memories that I will cherish.I went onto a 7 day cruise around the emirates amazing, some real eye openers and wow oil rigs a plenty... I am now back to reality very far away from the magical place in the middle of the sea hoping to give my customers the 5 star treatment in St Leonards on sea (Hastings UK)	
Feb 17 2009 	Expensive - but worth it.	To set the scene – first visit to Dubai but have stayed in other 4/5 * hotels elsewhere in the world. Probably not quite the Atlantis target audience as a 30 something couple with no children just looking for 4 days in the sun. We stayed in Imperial Club room. The reviews are starting to look a bit similar and this will probably not much different than the last couple. If you have done your homework you will know this is going to be expensive and need to budget accordingly.The IC rooms get you access to IC lounge where there are free soft drinks during the day and most alcohol is free 6 – 8 in the evenings. All things considered this was a nice luxury but I think at approx. £150 supplement may not be worth it. There are a number o nice bars and places to eat lunch/breakfast that you are missing out if you just stick to the free lounge. I would do the maths and see what makes sense for you. Also worth noting that you can eat breakfast at any of the restaurants – the main ones had larger choice so suggest a visit at least one morning.The place is amazing. On arrival there was one person in front of us at the IC reception so was moved over the normal booking in that had staff waiting. Checked in within minutes and shown to room with bags arriving minutes after. We noted that although we had patio windows no actual balcony so asked to move. This was done without any problems. I would suggest asking for a room in East tower, with seated balcony, overlooking The Palm (not sea ward) and if so inclined the bit that looks over the very large fish tank.We went really for the food and relaxing but went twice to the (included) water park that is the best I have ever been to. The first I have seen with escalators that you sit on to reach the slides. (My next visit to Tescos that has the same will never be the same again!) This is a good place to just chill out in if you get bored of the (very nice) hotel pool. We visited the main restaurants and would recommend Seafire and Ossiano (on Valentine night). We also ate in Nobu but have finally decided that Japanese food is just not for me. The bar (and food) and Nasimi is also worth a visit. My wife used the Spa that she highly recommended. The place is expensive but worth it for a few days of luxury. Would we return – yes, after a bit of saving up again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Underwhelming and overpriced	My wife and I have been very much looking forward to staying at the Atlantis based on the pictures we had seen of the place. However, it proved to be a very underwhelming experience. The hotel is at best 4 star - but it unfortunately carries a 6 star price tag. The deluxe room was no more than a basic business hotel room, with paper thin walls (I knocked on the walls and they are basically veneer, not brick).Despite informing the hotel we were honeymooning, we were placed next to a family with noisy kids. Hotel food was very average and the Aquaventure is no where near what it looks like on the marketing materials (eg.there was only 1 shark in the tank!). However, what was most annoying about this place was the fact that everything was an extra charge - including AER120 to use the spa and sauna facilities (unless you had pre-booked an expensive massage). Staff were generally friendly but service standards patchy - on our first night, the turn down service seemed to ruffle up our beds and one of our pillows looked like it had been slept on even! The one highlight however was the Lost Chambers aquarium display - with the baby whale shark - that was very good. However, not enough to make up for many deficiencies elsewhere and we would not recommend this place at all. We however moved on to the Angsana Hotel and Suites, which by contrast is absolutely fantastic place to stay.	
Feb 16 2009 	Perfect weekend...	Spent a long weekend over Valentine's and had the best time. We were upgraded to a suite, which was huge and had every amenity you can imagine. The hotel is amazing...we have stayed all over the world, but this place is impressive. We could have spent a week there and never left the resort/water park. Kids, ages 12 and 6, loved it and hated leaving. Highly recommend booking the dolphin experience. Expensive but worth it.	
Feb 13 2009 	This place is out of this world!	Make no mistake...this hotel is wonderful! If you are a couple who likes the finer things in life with young children who just want to have fun all day, the Atlantis is perfect.We just returned from the Atlantis after spending three days celebrating my 40th birthday. My wife booked it as a surprise and chose the hotel because I'm just a big kid really! So, my main concern (once I found out we were going there) was that Atlantis might be aimed too squarely at the ankle biters....Not the case...The restaurants and bars are absolutely top class. My wife and I often dine in good restaurants in London and the ones in Atlantis easily match up on food quality and comfortably beat the London venues on visual drama and attentiveness. We dined at Nobu and Seafire (where my wife had a Wagyu steak!) and spent about the same as we would in London on superb food and sublime wines...in an incredible setting. The design and execution throughout this hotel is fantastic! You walk in to a lobby that takes your breath away with a 30-metre glass sculpture in the middle and fountains round the edge. Brilliant! The drama continues throughout the vast common areas in the hotel culminating in a huge water tank containing 15000 fish...including a whale shark and series of lost world chambers!Your quite pricey stay includes entry to the awesome water park next door and the dolphin bay, but you have to pay about £90 to swim with the dolphins.Our room was a little plain compared to the rest of the hotel, but it was really comfortable and clean. Only gripe would be that a balcony does not come as standard, so we had drink out duty free bought champers in the room! If you've got a spare £20k, you could always book a night at the bridge suite, which we got a guided tour of....simply stunning!In the evening, take a few happy hour drinks on the beach at Nasimi, where a DJ and Sax player serve up chilled out house while the sun sets...then later on...wander up to the Sanctuary club where the inside is dark and moody playing electro and the outside balcony area is blessed with wooden pergolas, white canvas blowing in the breeze, exotic dancers, funky house and great cocktails at £9 a throw. You could think you were in a top venue in Ibiza!Top Hotel...top staff...top kids entertainment...to quality bars and restaurants. Save up and do about 3-4 days...you won't regret it!	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent hotel for ANYONE in Dubai	First night, we arrived to Dubai Int't airport, picked up by Atlantis Transfer in a BMW X5, excellent service, and good driver. We arrived to Atlantis in 30 minutes, with no traffic at all.We received a complimentary upgrade to Terrace Suite. Gigantic Terrace facing the beach, and the Royal Tower Pool side. Excellent view to wake up to each morning. The Balcony was so big it was big enough to have a party of 30 people at least on it.During our 3 nights stay in Atlantis, we did Aquaventure, Lost Chambers, Dolphin Bay, Beach, Zero Entry Pool, The Zone, The Kids Club, ate at Seafire, Saffron, and Kaleidoscope, bought souvenirs in Legend, went out to Mall Of Emirates one morning ot reserve our private lesson for the kids at Ski Dubai, and checked out on the 4th day.In Atlantis, what we liked most about it was the friendliness of the staff, EVERY (I mean EVERY single staff) from Front desk, concierge, guest relations, bellmen, security, cleaning ladies, buggy drivers, the thousands of lifeguards, waiters and waitresses, the cashiers... SMILES. Everyone was so friendly to my kids, they always offer their help, never can do too much for us.The service in the Saffron, Kaleidoscope are commendable. Usually, in our experience, in Buffet restaurants in hotels, their staff are SO overworked, they try their best, but service is always so-so. However, this is not the case in Atlantis, Saffron's breakfast was great, always gave us a nice table, service was efficient with coffee, tea, or anything you needed. Aquaventure was wonderful to spend a half day in. Some I can see, would spend a whole day. It wasn't busy during our stay, so we had a great time. Towels are provided for hotel guests free of charge in the park, there are plenty of lounge chairs, plenty of tubes for guests to sit on to float down the rapids( exciting) or just the quiet side of the &quot;river&quot;. It goes around the whole park. Husband was brave enough to go on the Ziggurat, the Leap of Faith... 3 times. It was straight down, into the tunnel where the sharks are..... we had a great time just WATCHING people survive the &quot;leap of faith!&quot;.The hotel is a great family hotel because it's easy to navigate. The signage in the hotel is very clear, staff is great, they recognized us by the next afternoon that we didn't have to show room key anymore to access the room. Security is good, and overall I thought the whole hotel's food standards was very high. Saffron and Kaleidoscope and other small eateries' prices were reasonable, of course higher than your average price OUTSIDE a top notch hotel, but within hotel like Atlantis, I find their prices very reasonable.Lost Chambers- kids enjoyed it, and loved seeing the changes in the Aquarium each time we passed it to our room, and the scuba divers were interesting for my kids. Seafire- expensive, but was our budgeted one night of splurging for eating. It was wonderful. The staff were wonderful in their service, taking care of my kids, have kids menu, and anything that we didn't like or requested, they accomodated with the utmost professionalism, friendliness, and efficiency.Overall, we were VERY happy at Atlantis, wouldn't hesitate to return to stay in our next trip.From Atlantis to Mall of Emirates, took about 10-15 minutes by taxi. Very convenient. Each time we went to or left the Palm, it was always amazing to see all the housing, and construction that was going on.Beach at Atlantis, very nice, quiet waters, lots of buggies with drinks and snacks to serve you, towels were provided readily, lost of lounge chairs, hammocks were available nearby the Zero Entry Pool, trampoline for kids, massages, souvenirs shops, and buggies were readily to drive you anywhere around the resort.Taxi- queue- NEVER waited for taxi. Go out the main entrance, and we hopped on the taxi.Decided to pass on the BIG bus tour, seemed not a very interesting activity, just to eat dust..... (what my husband said)..... so we decided NOT to do it.If you are a guest of Atlantis, and you get your breakfast included, and Aquaventure is free of charge, and Lost Chambers was free of charge, and free towels at the beach and pools, you really don't spend much money exceptIf you are considering or hestitating ...whether the Atlantis should be your hotel choice in Dubai,... my advice, don't hesitate, it was our best decision, and a wonderful start to our first trip in Dubai.I like to thank the general manager, Mr. A. Zarzosa for his generosity and wonderful hospitality, and the wonderful reception host, Myles. Thank you !	
Feb 7 2009 	Wonderful service	We spent a few days there in October last year. We were part of a group of 150 people who had booked as part of a conference.Our room was spacious and clean. Just be careful when looking in the mini bar - the items have sensors on so when you touch them you are automatically charged for them.We had breakfast and lunch daily at the Saffron. I highly recommend them, the chefs were awesome, especially in the Chinese section. I had no idea what to order and asked them to surprise me with something. The meals were great. The other Asian section that provided more stir fries were also very good. Overall the chefs in the Saffron were more than willing to assist with meal choices and more than willing to make something non traditional. The fresh fruit was the best I have eaten outside of picking it myself at a farm.Overall the stay was great, the staff in the hotel were courteous, friendly and helpful.	
Feb 7 2009 	Great family resort	Arrived at the hotel at 6am, and had paid for the night before just so that we did not have to wait to check in. Unfortunately when we got there, it took 45mins to get us a room. This was very annoying considering we had paid an extra night just to avoid the hassle! After some time which felt like ages, we got our rooms. My parents were not satisfied with their room, it had a crib ( we did not travel with any baby), and they also said it smelled bad. My room was ok, nothing special. After complaining they moved us to another room, it was pretty the same for me, although no crib and smell for my parents room. The resort itself is great, the staff are very nice and helpful. They always greeted you, room service was really quick, and they always called to ask if the food and service was good. If you have kids, then i dont think they will EVER get bored, as they is so much to do and see. There is the Lost chambers- i think 65,000 species of fish, the dolphin bay, the aquaventure park with is HUGE and a lot of fun.I would definitely recommend this hotel for a family trip, in the weekends it was quite busy, and people are allowed to come and visit the hotel and go to the Aquaventure and their other attractions (although i think one pool is reserved to guests) so it can get quite busy at times. Since i was with my parents it was cool, but i think if i was looking for a romantic getaway i would not choose this hotel. Still i would go to the aquaventure, cause it is so much fun! Had a facial at the spa (The palm Deep cleaning facial) and it was AWESOME! Very relaxing and very well organised, i strongly recommend this facial!The breakfast room is HUGE, like serisously it felt like a cruise at times! And breakfast is until noon, which is awesome if you are not a morning person!In all i really liked the hotel, although donot expect a quiet hotel, and the rooms are just OK. I do not know about the suites with the aquarium but it sounds real cool.	
Feb 1 2009 	think they have their act together now	So, arrived Dubai arrivals at 4.30 local worrying about the 6 diazepam I have in my bag (for back problems) as am sure I shall get locked up for being a drug dealer. Fears over, sail through immigration, next port taxi to Atlantis please. Thanks to TA reviews, exit left from the airport to be greeted by a fleet of beige and yellow cabs. Now, start calculating the exchange £1 = 5aed, 20aed straight on the meter for a night fare plus our journey which I guestimate to be 25 mins. Arrive Atlantis near on 25 minutes exactly thanks to Stirling Moss our cab driver and parted with 80aed including a round up to nearest 5aed, not bad, I make that less than twenty quid.Ok, so it’s now around the 5.40am mark and our bags are whisked away by a bellman and we’re shown to the Imperial Club VIP check in by another equally polite and attentive gentleman. For those of you pondering a visit to Atlantis, I know it’s far from a cheap local hotel but, if I could make one recommendation with regards to Imperial club. If you intend to spend a fair bit of time at the hotel and given the facilities I would suggest you probably will, consider the extra cost for Imperial club. Imperial Club guests, once parted of and extra £400 approx for an average stay will qualify for copious extras in the way of food and beverages. Given the cost of eating and drinking in hotels in Dubai, this proved to be money well spent as the Imperial lounge offered food from 7am (massive breakfasts) to sushi, cakes, pastries, cold meats, cheese, fruit, tea, coffee and alcohol right up to 11pm, all included in the Imperial upgrade cost.Now, having read the early TA post on Atlantis, I must admit to being tempted by staying off the island at say the Jumeirah beach hotel. Early Atlantis reviewers, even though they had been fortunate enough to have had the luxury of a massive discount on room rates, were scathing of the fact that the resort wasn’t quite finished and service was far from attentive. Please note that the hotel had a soft opening to bring staff up to speed, no easy task when you have around 1500 rooms and a smilar amount employed encompassing around 39 nationalities.After a two hour nap, assessment of our room, (very comfortable) a shower and a massive breakfast at the imperial lounge, I was ready to explore.From the outset, climbing from our cab on arrival, the staff were, courteous, attentive, without being subservient and very accommodating. In fact I would suggest that given early reviews, perhaps Atlantis is overstaffed to appease the early negative reviews.In a nutshell, staff…10/10, cleanliness of hotel…10/10, general facilities (giant aquarium, water park) 10/10. The only criticism of my experience at Atlantis would be the dolphins, you don’t get to swim with them but understand that this is due to change about mid 2009, the photo’s cost a fortune and its not a 90 minute experience as one is led to believe… 7/10.Hope this helpsAvinaggAka Ken	
Jan 28 2009 	Nice to be pampered at the Atlantis Palm	My wife and i stayed at the Atlantis Palm for 4 nights in november 2008 just before the official opening.We had a luxury room with a large balcony with 2 sun loungers overlooking the pool and the sea.You can't fault everything that this hotel has to offer.The attention they give you is superb.The pool area was excellent with more than adequate numbers of sunbeds and the same also goes for the beach area and everywhere was kept spotlessly clean.We thoroughly enjoyed our short stay here and would love to visit again some time soon.The breakfast that was included was first class in every aspect and the restaurant was a delight.Evening meals were expensive as were all the drinks,however as this was a special occasion and we knew before hand that it was not going to be cheap we didn't mind.The adventure park is free to guests and you can spend a great day in there,although it can get very busy at times as non guests can pay to come in and use this facility.I would definitely recommend this hotel as a treat or special occasion as long as you are aware it can be very expensive.Taxis are cheap enough into Dubai City from the hotel and you could eat out there a lot cheaper if you wanted to.The monorail due for completion this year (2009) from the hotel will make access to other areas easier and more interesting.Dubai is a great place to visit and is both friendly and safe.This was our third visit to Dubai and we love it.I would recommend a day out on the open top bus which takes you to all the places of interest around Dubai,the ticket allows you to hop on and off the bus when you like.Also a trip along Dubai creek on a Dhow boat with an evening meal is a must.	
Jan 27 2009	The palms did not sway me.	I have waited a bit to write this review so that I could be clear about things.The actual price of the trip, we found it on travelfinger.com - was good; but generally and we were warned, the place was expensive. Don’t get me wrong the hotel is good, but I really think that’s all it is. It’s new, spotlessly clean with attentive helpful staff everywhere. The pools are very good too, maybe the best I have experienced; the infinity pool looking out over the city is terrific and the water park and aquarium is also up there. (Though lots of people could not help but tell me it’s better at the Jumeirah Park-you know the type!)Our room was fine, spacious with up to date mod cons, iplayer, plasma telly, and a nice balcony also with good views. Breakfast in The Saffron Restaurant which was included in the price, was wonderful, probably one of the nicest hotel breakfasts I have had.Okay, now the issue. This was my first time in Dubai and frankly I thought the whole place was too expensive for what it is. Overpriced, is what I would call it. In the hotel, a glass of champange was thirty quid, breakfast if not included, was around a hundred. General food prices in the restaurants were a couple of hundred for a meal for two. The dolphin park was around three hundred an hour. As for the booze, forget it, it,s crazy prices, stock up on the duty free.Another problem which nobody forewarned us about was the fact that non residents can run around the hotel all day long and I thought that was a bit of a take-on for those staying there.The beach is man made, as is the whole locality and that’s another problem; it feels manufactured. There aren’t any of those little finds you enjoy discovering . It’s almost bordering on Disney.A nice hotel yes, but I am so pleased we did not pay fortunes for it as did some…give me Vegas anyday!	
Jan 21 2009 	outstanding hotel took my breath away	Stayed at the Atlantis at the end of November as i heard there had been a few problems i was aware it might not have lived upto my expectations but that wasnt the case. As we arrived in Dubai and the taxi drove towards the hotel it was like a dream come true. The hotel staff were friendly and there wasnt a que to check in unlike other people may have had problems. The room was nice had a great view of the pool and the beach. We were able to have a shallow water interaction with the dolphins which was the best thing about our stay only wished we could have swam with them.The hotel prices for the food and drink is very expensive for what you get which was a bit of a let down for me as that was one of the things i was looking forward to otherwise the breakfast was the best meal of the day with a chocolate fountain which i loved!The water park was very busy on a weekend as anyone can go there so go early.	
Jan 19 2009 	Best service level ever	Very nice hotel and typical Las Vegas style looks. Rooms are however very, very disappointing for the very, very expensive price you pay for staying here. Restaurants and pools are fantastic and the water park is the best in the world. Hotel staff are available everywhere and the level of attentoin and service is the best and can't be beat. They really treat you very, very well everywhere reception, bell desk, security gards in the hallway, lobby, restaurant personel, life guards at the pool etc etc. We live in Thailand are are used to best service but we were still impressed with Atlantis and their attention to their guest. All prices are however too expensive and you get just a normal typical 3-4 star room. Our kids want to go back due to the waterpark - but this place is not really affordable.	
Jan 18 2009 	Best Ever Holiday	Just come back from a week at the Atlantis Palm and I have to say it was fabulous! We are a family of four (two girls aged 15 and 8) and we all thought it was WOW.Lots of things to comment on, especially after having read so many reviews that were poor before going. We found all the staff to be genuinely very friendly and helpful. Obviously got over the initial opeining woes as everything was very smooth and well organised. The occupancy was low when we were there, so we had lots of staff looking after our every whim, not so sure it would be the same once it gets to 75% occupancy and upwards, although there are 4000 staff employed in the complex!The facilities are stupendous. Everything is spotless and polished daily! Pools and outdoor facilities are fantastic. Beaches are man made with white sand that looks like they are brushed every night (they probably are!). Aquaventure (water park) is great if you are (or have) kids! Free to hotel guests. The Lost Chambers and the whole Aquarium thing is also amazing, again free for guests. Lots of nice touches in the hotel, kids club, kids games room, ice cream factory and other things that show great attention to detail.In terms of our room, we had a Deluxe double over looking the Aquarium. I would do the same again or go for a room over looking the pool, not the sea.The room was a good size with a great sized bathroom/showeroom. High standard of finish and facilities, with two very large double beds in it. Great Plasma, Ipod player, hairdryer etc etc.The only thing we could fault is of course the restaurant and bar prices. We had planned to eat in the hotel, but the prices were just to high. Luckily our deal had breakfast at Saffron included which was great as otherwise breakfast would have cost us £100 per day for all of us! The breakfast was great, sooo much choice, sooo much food. Can't recommend it highly enough. But get it included.We also ate twice in the Kaleidescope restaurant, which again was a buffet style but very nicely done, very high quality and lots of choice. Usually came in at about £130-£150 with a bottle of wine for the four of us, which we could cope with.I would recommend you get off the Palm and try restaurants and shopping in Dubai. It is the Dubai Shopping Festival from mid Jan to mid Feb, so lots of sales and activities. Taxis are cheap and we found some great restaurants by asking the staff and taxi drivers. We found one particularly good Chinese called Hong Kong Cuisine near the Movenpick offices in Dubai City. Very traditional, no frills but great staff, GREAT food and good prices. Full works for the four of us usually about £50-£60, although some new law has been passed which means that only restaurants in hotels can serve alcohol, so beware if you like a drink with your meals.Overall I would say it is the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we have stayed at some very nice hotels previously. Would definately go again and recommend it to anyone thinking of going to Dubai.	
Jan 18 2009 	fabulous resort	The Atlantis delivered all it promised to be. It's big, it's brash, there's been no expense spared - exactly what you expect from a luxury Dubai hotel! The service was great. They certainly seemed to have ironed out any teething problems they may have had when it opened.Everything is expensive though. Coffee was £6 a cup and I daren't even think what we paid for a gin and tonic. We ate in the hotel 3 nights and for the other nights we took a taxi to the shopping malls, and ate there. There's lots of choice, so a very easy option.Taxis were cheap, (and it's the only thing that was) - about £6 to get to Emirates Mall.The aquarium at Atlantis is amazing, and never ceased to entertain us. The Goliath Groupers have to be seen to be believed.The Aquadventure waterpark is great for children and dads! I found the rides far too scary, and tended to relax with a book on my sunbed instead. Also, beware, ladies, I managed to burn holes in my bikini bottom, due to the impact on landing down some of those water slides.Another thing about the waterpark - the lockers are £10 each. I paid for two, but found we could get all our stuff into one. However, they would not refund the £10 for the locker I didn't use. This was such a rip-off, we still haven't got over it. Anyway, if you don't take valuables, you don't need a locker, you can leave your things on the sunbeds.Would like to return to Atlantis, just need to save up first.	
Jan 15 2009 	Very grand but no heart	When we arrived in Dubai our transfer never turned up to collect us. Had to hunt round for someone to help us. there were other families which were staying at Atlantis who had also been abandoned. Evently got sortedwith a transfer. On arrival at the hotel we checked in had a deluxe room, which had 2 double beds in. We were traveling with our 2 children 8 and 11. room was big enough for all of us. and lovely bathroom. Our friends who were traveling with us same set up 2 adults 2 children. They were taken through to VIP area. We didn't find out till we saw them the next day the hotel didn't even have their booking and were kept hanging around for 2 hours. His room was evently sorted out. The hotel said they'd sort out a rate for him. Breakfast was a scrum down with massive queues. Everything you can think of though was there. Giant chocolate fountain! which my 8 year old took a look at!Lots of sun beds no truble getting one.Dolphin bay very good. lots of information we hadn't heard before on other dolphin experiences - good for a first time or with young children.Waterpark very good - gets very busy - we also had our bag disappear with our room cards and money in but it turned up at the end of the day in a different area. Kids went to the kids club only once its very very expensive! not Jumerea beach!Lunches at shore and wave restaurants were again very expensive and no service. there are lots of waiters and staff around but nobody seems to know what to do. This applies to all the hotel. Spa - my husband went to use the steam room - oh sir thats extra! £24. There seems to be alot of that too. oh thats extra for the power plate in the gym!Booked my treatment the first full day we had there. Thought it would be busy being New Year. Booked treatment. When I went for massage they didn't have it. Then they said they'd sort it out. Go and get changed etc. Then they said they couldn't again. Evently had a treatment. Next door to treatment room people talking really loadly running a bath. Left cold after treament too.Just not impressed at all.New years Eve fireworks were cancelled due to fighting in gazza.Which was fine. Buffet very good not much for kids though. My husband ate a bad lobster didn't realize it shouldn't smell of ammonia and was ill for the rest of the holiday.Our friend on check out had been over charged £3,500! didn't even get an apology.Sun was out though which is what we went for. Had good time with our friends and family, But not the Dubai we've been going to for the last 11 years.	
Jan 14 2009 	An Honest Review	I've been back from the Atlantis about a month now and must say that i highly reccomend it.We stayed in an Imperial Club room meaning that our drinks and snacks were free throughout the day until 10 o'clock. This is DEFINATELY worth it due to the fact that all of the other restaurants are sooo expensive. The food in the Lounge is lovely and there is a big varitey which changes from day today. We were also placed higher up in the hotel because we were in an Imperial Room and the views were amazing.The room had partition doors which looked into the bathroom with a sunken bath. The cleaner was absolutely fantastic making animals out of the towels like dogs, swans - each day was a new style. He also left Arabic treats and sweets everyday for us.The hotel was spotlessly clean and people were always on hand to help. The pool staff were a great laugh and did anything for you like get you a golf buggy to get to the other side of the hotel or fetching fresh drinks. The Pools were gorgeous too - one was an infinity pool looking onto the city and the other was the Zero entry pool which was also gorgeous. I had a massage by the pool which was great though a bit pricey though you cant expect much else from a hotel like this. If you are planning to eat in the hotel all of the holiday and try the different restaurants it will very VERY expensive. We went to Nobu which was a bit of a let down - one tiny glass of Veuve Cliquot Champage cost £30 which is absolutely extortionate and after eating in another celebrity restaraunt we decided we didnt want to pay the prices and ate out in the near by Malls or went to a restaraunt in the hotel called Saffron which was the best bit of the hotel!It was quite expensive but the food was amazing and it had such a variety - you could have Indain, Italian, French, Arabic, Chinese, Create your own Salad, pancakes, a chocolate fountain, a grill and so much more. One of the chefs even made me my own dish!If i went back i'd stick to eating out and in Saffron as the other restaurants were a waste of money. Before we went to the hotel we booked a restaurant for each of the nights we were there but ended up cancelling them when we experienced them and found out the price. The Lebanese restaurant was an experience and well worth it though it was very pricey too!!I would definately recommed this hotel as it is absolutely fantastic - the big aquarium is amazing and the water park just outsidde is so much fun - the rapids are great fun. The only thing i'd say is to be careful of how much you spend because you could easily go crazy here!I also swam with the dolphins which was really good fun!!	
Jan 11 2009 	Big Mistake !!	Stayed at Atlantis for 14 nights for Christmas and New Year, In an imperial club room. The Last 2 Christmas and New Year we have stayed at Jumeirah beach hotel, and we were far from prepared for the gulf in service quality we encountered. After 3 days we called Kuoni to hotel, they tried to move hotels for us but the manager wouldn’t allow us any form of refund, but moved us to a £1900 a night suite due to our level of upset. Even in this room on 4 separate occasions the hot water didn’t work and needed maintenance to come to the room Our original imperial room was very nice with decor to a high standard,but suffered from a lot of noise from adjoining door and corridor . Beach is very hard like walking on concrete with a sprinkling of sand on top. Contains sharp building rubble which increases as you go into the sea. I hurt my foot on one of these exiting water on 3rd day as water is too murky to see what your stepping on . This followed by an appalling lunch at the poolside restaurant and preceded by another cold breakfast earlier that day were the straws that broke the camels back. prompting our request to move hotels. Poor English is spoken by many of the staff, and poor anticipation of our needs by nearly all restaurant staff becomes tiresome. Plastic thermos flask teapots often with luke warm water inside. Breakfast buffet food was cold as lids are left constantly open. No pork products available you have &quot;turkey bacon&quot; and chicken or veal sausages. Porridge made to order only with long wait (but at least it was hot) On the last day in Kaleidoscope had breakfast signature bill put under my nose whilst i was eating with comment can you sign please,while she stood and waited for me to stop eating put down my cutlery and sign. Very annoying! Food at pool and water park very poor, a processed chicken burger at Aquaventure £11. The only upside is Tell them your not happy and they take it off your bill. Wagyu steak sandwich Nearly £30 at poolside. Atlantis cheeseburger with fries best of a bad lot at £14. Several guests we spoke to who also normally stay at Jumeriah beach were equally unimpressed. I have filled in hotel questionnaire from JD Power, although the hotel management are well aware of our utter dissatisfaction and we are in the process of writing a letter of complaint to our travel agent. It became clear very quickly its 5* facilities did not make it a 5* hotel.We will be returning to Jumeirah beach next Christmas and putting this year down as a big expensive mistake     .	
Jan 10 2009 	Disappointing 	As you can see from the title, we would not recommend this hotel for families with young children. Reasons for this being:1. For all the hype on number of restaurants, eating is very poor with all eateries at the water park serving all the same disappointing food. Restaurants within the hotel are definitely not geared towards guests with young children as there are no childrens menu plus when asked what they could do for kids, it was met with a look of puzzlement. I must admit in the Italian restaurant, I did have the smallest piece of swordfish ever!! Our saving grace during our weeks stay was the buffet restaurant which we ate at each morning and once at our last night.2. One day at the resident's pool, the courteous attendant arrived with 1 of the yellow life jackets for my 2 year old daughter. The next day this was a big problem to provide as it from the hotel's waterpark and not resident's pool!! I ended up having to wait for well over an hour as the attendants and team leader couldn't organise my request which was eventually agreed by a manager. That reminds me, I'm still waiting his response on why the jackets cannot be provided at resident's pool??3. Waterpark not well designed for young children such as separate shallow area near main water feature as there are continually larger children and adults running through. Only had 2 single yellow slides at feature and nothing more! Main part of lazy river definitely not suited for young ones given the ferosity of the rapids and waves, although did see one father and 2-3 year old daughter which was frightening and had to avoid knocking his inflatable ring over or they would of easily been swept away.4. Tried to organise dolphin adventure by this was pretty much all booked up month ahead of our stay with only 1 place available which is useless when minors need to be accompanied. Their solution was to go along to area and wait and hope for no shows!! To give some sort of balanced feedback, I would say:1. The spectacle of the hotel was stunning and the large aquarium is spectacular although would question keeping a small whale shark there!2. The ice cream shop in the mall was great although you couldn't charge to room.3. Large glass display in centre of reception was pretty stunning, but recalled each time a strange chemically burn smell so didn't want to hang around there.On the whole some experience although an expensive one, but would not hurry back.	
Jan 7 2009 	5*HOTEL 4/5*SERVICE 7*PRICES	We stayed at the atlantis from the 26th dec until 6th jan. myself my wife and my 2 girls aged10 and 12, as we drove onto the palm and saw the hotel it was wow,we arrived and were greeted by lobby staff bags out of car and into reception within minutes.the reception/lobby area was grand but i have seen better, we booked into the imperial club which had a seperate checking in area it was ok.i found out after there is a vip lounge to check but it was not open(arrived at 10am).we were ckecked in and in our rooms within 15 mins, the rooms were very clean but nothing special ,bathroom door opened into the bedroom ,26&quot;lcd all the rest was basic, the imperial was on the 12th floor ,i advise if you book the imperial club ask for the 12th floor other you will be in and out of the lift. my impression of the club was excellent well worth the 720 dirhams per day extra. staff,snacks,serviceand the cocktail hour between 6pm and 8pm where most acholic drinks we complimentary . soft drinks and snacks are comp all day,the hotel itself the lobby/aqaurium/shops were to busy for my liking from 10am till 11pm hundredes of visitors,the water park was excellent for all of us especially in the morning no queing got busy from midday onwards ,there were comp buggys to take you to and from every 5or6 mins, never used the beach but it looked very nice with bean bags and sun beds every where. the pools were great first couple of days we spent at the royal towers pool very quite and then we went to the zero pool kds loved it around the pool there was a trampoline basket ball net 2 pingpong tables all comp, the pol itself was vast with a basket ball net also at appr 4 pm the pool started to heat it was brill, the food in and around the pool was ok and expensive ,there are 3 tennis courts which were free to use but you had to hire the rackets(not a problem) but then you had to buy the balls (what a con). the restaurants ,we ate in most of them, seafire was the best for me the steaks were out of this world service was very good aswell 10/10 next Michel Rostang very good next Giorgio Locatelli,not very good at allservice was none exsitant had to ask all the time until i called the manager then it was the best ever ,next nobu everything fantastic,next Levantine we went here for breakfast god food service was ok (not 5*standards by a long way)the atmosphere was very hectic ,for breakfast aswell next the Saffron same atmsphere as the levantine but the service was a lot beter and the food was ten tims better, next lunchtime which we ate either at the water park useally water park food , or round by the pool we ate pool side bars not 5*at all. the kids club i refused to put my girls in there as it was £44 a session 2 two sessions a day (never known a hotel to charge for kids club)my over all expereince of the atlantis excellent staff nothing was a problem for them. very very very expensive (i have stayed in just as good for a lot less)i would not recommend this hotel under 4s apart from the pool as there was nothing for them . i think i have covered everything apart from saying a BIG BIG THANK YOU TO RIO AND WALTER in the imperial club	
Jan 6 2009 	Great- Nanny of six children	I am a Nanny of six children and this is how I found it for the children. Food- Excellent, some of the children are quite fussy that I look after and even in restaurants they didnt do chicken nuggets and chips they made them for them. Definately go to saffron for breakfast. Highchairs always came with in seconds of reaching the table apart from once out of 2 weeks. Also highchairs were very clean. Staff made a real effort with the children. Lifts- beware of the doors! they shut rather quickly, did manage to loose a child in one thank god it was the oldest and was sensible to wait at the bottom. The children were quite scared to get in them first if you were not stood by the door. Never had to wait long for a lift. Rooms- very clean, lots of space, linen changed everyday. Fresh bottle of water left each day aswell, fruit bowl full at arrival never got filled up though.Waterpark- A buggy would take you to water park, couple of mins drive. 10 mins walk but a easywalk all flat with pushchair, pushchair access is great all over hotel. Life guards are everywere, every few metres. Great fun for all children, could do with a baby pool. Has got one but water tips over it, not very ideal as scares young children. Lockers are at the entrance and cost 10 pounds. But as hotel guests enter at other end of park and have already paid alot for there holiday should be free. Also to trape 6 children across the park and back again is a pain. Towel use is free to hotel guests.Lost Chambers- great to look at fish! But once you have been round once, thats it really. Only one activity to do which is to put your hand in the water to feel a star fish. Could do with a activity room. Also a shop half way round, and staff around telling you about the fish. Shops- Very expensive! there is a gift shop with alantis written on everything even crocs! Cold stone ice cream shop, can only pay by cash cannot put in on your room! Fab place for the children tho, staff sing, dance and throw icecream to each other. Children love to watch.Swimming pools in hotel- clean, life guards all the way round and not to deep. Service is around to pool is excellent, towels are brought over straight away, sunbeds are always available and moved to where you want them to be. No umberellas though u have to make a tent to keep children in the shade. What to do for children in the hotel- around the pool is basketball, table tennis and trampoline. Tennis courts are easily booked, have to rent rackets and buy balls. No shade so best to book after 4. On the beach is football nets, sand pit for young children (No shade), table tennis and voleyball nets (mostly used by older boys and men). Kids club- very expensive! the girls wanted to go for a Hannah montana competition expecting a afternoon of fun and games and when they came out it had been a computer game! a little dissapointed! Do have movies and popcorn nights, also have rock climbing and computers, both girls and boys enjoyed. Club rush- again very expensive but has fully equiped computers and gaming consols. The boys loved club rush! Also there is a buisiness centre were internet access is free. The entertainers occasionally pop up then go! In the daily activity sheet it said limbo at 2pm we got there at 5 past and they had finished and then for the next 50 mins the children ran round the beach with a ball. Also no childrens Disco! or entertainment of a evening you have to make you own. Could do with a soft play area for young children and parents. Room service- Fast, but can wait for it to be collected again. Check in- As we had 5 rooms was a mix up at first but got sorted quickly as we wanted them in a row. House keeping- Fresh linen everyday, plenty of towels. Always hot water, large bathroom. Very helful, I smashed a bottle of purfume were there in mins with a hoover and a mop. Overal children did enjoy themselfs, bits of the hotel open to the the public and walking with 6 children was a nightmare in the day as its very busy. Security are good checking room keys cards but not if you forget them. The family do want to go back in febuary, Hope its been helpful. x	
Jan 3 2009 	Bad value for money	We stayed for a week to celebrate new years eve with my family, and we will not come back. The building is like a fantastic sand castle and it is a good place for kids, but it is far away from a 5 star hotel.Rooms are clean and mostly quiet, but quite ordinary. You don't even get a newspaper. Internet worked only once in a while and was very slow. Restaurants are overprized, overcrowded and nothing special. We had to wait up to 45 mins to get a table for breakfast. They also try to screw you on almost every occation by adding extra items on your bill. On checkout they tried to overcharge us about USD 7500 in total (4 rooms) on all kinds of things we did not have, ranging from breakfasts (that was supposed to be included) to big dinners and drinks we did not have. We had payed USD 800 per perosn for a NYE gala dinner in advance. The hotel messed up with our tickets and after fighting with the management for 3 hours we got a table, There was hardly any food left. The fireworks was cancelled (that's what most people paid for) and the management offered no refund. To top it all of, they tried to charge us extra for that dinner. I could go on and on with disappointments. The bottom line is: Don't stay at this hotel, stay somewhere else and visit the Aquaventure for a day or two instead (good fun for everyone). This hotel would be a decent choice if you paid 1/4 of the price and expected charter tourist quality.	
Jan 2 2009 	Best Holiday Ever!	We are now back in the UK following a 10 night stay at the Atlantis over Christmas with our 2 kids ages 6 and 1. After reading a few of the reviews on Tripadvisor following the opening of the hotel we were a little concerned, but once we were there we found none of the things that people complained about to be true for our stay.The hotel is quite magnificent and the facilities are excellent and everything is so well maintained. The staff couldn't have been more attentive and friendly and every one of them went out of their way to make us feel at home.The hotel is huge and so reviewers comments about there being a lot of people around are true but we didn't feel it was too much and it certainly didn't have a negative impact on our stay. There was plenty of available chairs on the beach and around the pool and we never waited more than 5 mins for breakfast or for a taxi outside.I have read some of the recent reviews and have to disagree with them as this was not what I encountered at all. This is a theme hotel and very family orientated so maybe they wanted something more intimate and boutique like. Our stay at The Atlantis was one of the best experiences I have had, and I have travelled extensively and stayed at some of the best hotels in the world (Shangri-La - Bangkok, The Magellan Sutera - Borneo, Hotel de Paris - Monte Carlo, Mandarin - Hong Kong,) so I expect a lot and can compare it objectively.I would definately go again and would suggest that some of the more negative comments in the other reviews be taken with a pinch of salt.Daniel KingLondon	
Jan 1 2009 	Mediocre Hotel	Being a Dubai resident, we wanted to spend a week end in this new hotel in order to have a fair view of this new resort.We came back after the week end with only a mediocre idea of what the Media called a Palace. In fact simply no value for money.I will not call that an Hotel but a Public place with thousands of daily visitors running around and keeping the area so busy that the staff is simply not available for you. Security check points are everywhere and you have to show your room card at every check. The checking is terrible and even if you have paid thousands USD you have to queue like in a supermarket. By the way the check out is the same mess.The Standard rooms where we were are basic and far away from the price you pay. No misunderstanding, rooms are clean but nothing special at all.Beach is private hopefully but back side of the Hotel in the Palm with what I call dead water as there is almost no water circulation. Strange pieces of green stuff are floating around. We stay few minutes in the water and took a shower.Water Park is also mediocre. Better to go to the Jumeirah beach Hotel water Park !Restaurants are OK but again very expensive for what you get and service is again very poor.In short better to go to any of the other 5 Star hotels available in Jumeirah like Al Qsar, Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Westin, Madinat, Meridien or Royal Mirage.	
Jan 1 2009 	Unfortunately the Atlantis fails to deliver..........	As a seasoned traveller to Dubai for the past 10 years and having got married there, stayed in The Jumeira Beach Hotel open its first opening and having stayed at possibly the best hotel in Dubai- The One and Only Royal Mirage for the past 7 years, i was expecting big things from the Atlantis.Regrettably it didnt deliver.....Dont get me wrong, its a 5 star hotel by any standards and if you have not been to Dubai before, you are likely to be impressed by the grand scale of things and the luxury. However, if you have stayed in Dubai before and are aware of the high levels of service and standards, then this will dissapoint. We decided to return to Dubai for Christmas this year and as much as we wanted to stay at the One and Only as we always do, we felt that perhaps we should try the Atlantis as it sounded amazing and the kids would love the aquariums.. It cost a fair bit more and only included breakfast, however it was bound to be a wow experience.Upon driving towards the hotel, it truly does look amazing, upon arrival however, the main entrance was a little dissapointing,quite chaotic and rather disorganised. The Lobby was vast, i was expecing the aquarium to be here, as ,in my opinion it would have provided a wow factor as you walked in.Check in was pretty smooth however and we were in our room within 10 minutes. The rooms are lovely and very spacious too, the doors opening from the bathroom onto the bedroom is a nice touch and the veiws are good too. The french balcony however, is a little unnerving if you have small children,so be aware.The Aquarium is housed in another main lobby area which can also be accessed by the general public, so at times is extremely busy. Late in the evening however or early morning, it is quieter and you do appreciate the enormity and wow factor of this feature.Breakfast was served in Kaleidascope- a restaurant in the West Wing (another restaurant Saffron is also available for this in the East Wing). Fantastic breakfast buffet, however the restaurant itself felt very touristy and less five star. The service was slow and carpeting on the floor was not the best idea.During our stay we ate at all the main restaurants within the hotel, Nobu was by far the best as you would expect. It was pricey, but no more so than any of its other branches. The biggest dissapointment was Ossiana, extremely overpriced, bland food and a rather patronising french manager. Locatelli was better priced and the food was good, however producing a large lego bucket at the table for the kids was a bad and unneccesary idea which was noisy, ended up on the floor and irritating for other guests. The asian restauarant by the pool was good, great food, excellent service and value for money.You are probably wondering what reason i have to complain about this hotel, i mean, its only a few minor things that seem to have gone wrong?...well actually here we go.... we were charged £95 for a small bag of laundry, mainly childrens, the kids club, which is normally complimentary in other hotels was £44 a day for 2 kids, dont get me wrong it is a fantastic kids club, but should be included in the price. The dolphin experience is £450 for a family of 4 for 1 hr. The staff are not trained properly and the the hotel is struggling to cope with the volume of guests to the point of desperation to please by top end managers who have expresed their regret of being there!. Some restaurants are ridiculously overpriced. On the whole it seems that we are being made to pay fro their costs in a big way. They spent 30 million on the opening night and im sure the celebrity guests were treated amazingly, however this should continue for the paying guests too all year round. It is not a value for money hotel by any means. We complained and spoke to the Vice President of the Atlantis hotels who was drafted in to deal with all the problems. They admit they have taken on more than they can chew and it shows.If you want a chaotic hotel with a disorganised feel yet a 5 star surrounding, then the Atlantis is perfect. It has the luxury feel, but its so busy and vast and you feel like a small fish in a very large packed aquarium, that the wow factor is forgotten and you just want to escape for air!If you want a relaxed, 5 star hotel with a personal touch, impeccable service, high standards, value for money,a stunnning setting and warm ambience then choose the One and Only Royal Mirage.	
Dec 30 2008 	Overhyped and Overcharged	I had friends from Bombay who I put up at this resort over the christmas weekend. They did come in with a lot of expectations due to the media hype. Earlier they have stayed at the Burj Al Arab Hotel. They were very disappointed with the rooms, the service and were charged for alcohol from the minibar which they did not consume.Now in an ordinary Hotel we'd overlook these mistakes but when you're paying $1,000 a night for the room, you have expectations. The same hotel room at $250-$300 would not have felt so awful.	
Dec 29 2008 	Loved the Hotel but ...	The attantis Palm hotel is a brilliant excellent Hotel. It is more than a 5* Hotel. the people are helpful and can not do enough for you. The Food is excellent and very fresh. The hotel is amazing with lots to do. Very helpful staff. everyone is always smiling. BUT...what i did not like at all was the hotel is open to public. There were hundereds and hundreds of people walking through the hotel to use the hotel facilities..i.e Resturants, Water park etc... this was very annoying as you have paid lots of money to enjoy yourself and not to see the others every minute .... even though they had some areas as residents only areas.... it seemed every area to do something in is occupied by the outsiders!. The hotel gets busy from morning right untill after 10.00pm and there are always people whereever you go. i would rate the hotel and all the hotel facilities and servcies 5/5. even though it was very expensive and value for money would get 2.5/5. Because the hotel is not for residents only and you feel like you have paid all this money to share with outsiders who entre and use the facilities for FREE!if the hotel was reserved for residents of the hotel only then i would give it 10/10 even though it was a bit expensive!	
Dec 28 2008 	Overrated	Family of four, stayed at the much-talked-about Atlantis for 2 nights in Dec, '08. In summary, the resort doesn't do justice to the unprecedented hype. Perhaps it was just a case of raised expectations, but Atlantis, while a wonderful resort with some unique aspects, is up against stiff competition in a place like Dubai and is far from being 'extraordinary'. Infact, we found it quite mediocre in some respects considering the price tag of US$630 / Stg.420 per night for an ordinary room. Our impressions :- The main lobby does have a 'wow' factor - the huge Morano-ish glass sculptor soaring to the ceiling catches your attention immediately as you enter the lobby. The main lobby is definitely one of the highlights of the property.- The other attraction is the mammoth aquarium rising at least a couple of stories from the ground and housing some spectacular sea creatures including a whale shark, sting ray etc.Definitely unique, although the aquarium at the newly opened Dubai Mall comes close.- The water park is free for residents and is excellent, although being asked to pay about Stg10 for a locker sounded like a joke considering we were guests and already paying quite a bit.Jumeirah Beach hotel in Dubai has had Water Wadi since 2000 and also comes close in comparison. We had stayed there 8 years ago and enjoyed the park much more as it was definitely 'unique' back then. - We did not try the dolphin park as it was extremely pricey. A better value in Dubai is the Dolphinarium at the Creek Park, which may not offer all the experiences but is great value at one tenth the cost.- The hotel has several restaurants, including a Nobu. We decided on Locatelli - excellent ambience, unfortunately ruined by poor service. After 2 reminders and waiting for full 20 minutes for someone to take our order, I finally had to get up and complain to the Maitre d' and the manager. We were showered with attention from that point on, but the evening was already ruined. Needless to say, all restaurants charge 5 star prices.- Lastly, I left a rather expensive cardigan in my room at check out. Entirely my fault I agree but one would expect a hotel of this stature to care for its guests belongings. I have left items in much smaller and insignificant hotels in the past - in New York, London and Dubai and on each occasion the hotels have either found and returned the items or offered compensation. Not Atlantis. My wife followed up for days after we had left, ultimately to receive a call from their head of security who went over the fine print about the guests' responsibilities and how the hotel bore none. We simply agreed. Atlantis was right. Hotels never take responsibility ....specially the unexceptional ones. Bottomline, stay at the Atlantis only if you want to be able to say &quot; I stayed at that hotel in Dubai which spent $20 million on its inaugural fireworks !&quot; Otherwise, you're better off spending a day at the water park which is available for a fee and strolling through the lobby and past the aquarium for a few pics. for free. You can find better lodging / boarding options in Dubai, at least until Atlantis resolves its teething problems.	
Dec 28 2008 	Aqua Venture	I did not stay at the Hotel as it was beyond my budget but my three sons (ages 10, 14, 16) and I spent from 11:00am - 6:00pm around the Aqua venture. The kids have fun day there and they liked it very much. We paid $80 per head to enter the place which I believe it is very expensive. Again you pay that amount regardless if you are using the facility or not. The towel rent is $8, the locker rent is $14 and food is really expensive. If you forgot your swimming shorts a cheap chinese one with the Atlantis logo would coast you more than $110. The service was excellent, they had South African life guards every few meters who are very attentive and they are extremely professional and you don't have to worry drowning even if you do not know how to swimm. Above all, the place is extremely beautiful well managed and expensive. You park the car in an outside parking and they take you by their shuttle bus which is clean and nice. If you do not want to pay any money you can go and see the shops, restaurant, shark tanks and enjoy a nice ice cream at the Black Stone ice cream for 20 dirhams.	
Dec 27 2008 	Give it a try - we found it great!	We (husband and I) stayed at The Atlantis for 3 days, 7th - 9th November. We travelled with Virgin to Dubai on a two-centre holiday. Mauritius being the second destination. Sorry for delay in posting review but computer broke and just had repaired!Never visited Dubai before so do not know how The Atlantis compares with other 5 star hotels, so can only go by what we found.Arrived about 9 am so did not expect to have a room straight away. Went to reception and were given wallets so that we could access The Atlantis guest areas whilst we waited for room. Our baggage was put into the storage area and went to hospitality area to get changed. In no time my husband informed me that a member of staff had found him and told him our room was available, so quick change and back to reception. Went through necessary formalities very quickly and went to storage area to collect luggage. Told bell boys we didn't mind taking our own luggage but one came out immediately and showed us to our room. We had only booked a deluxe room but what we had we were very impressed with, not ostentatious but plainly furnished. Think however we may have been upgraded because our room was on a higher level. Everything we had asked for kingsize bed, non-smoking room and with great views looking out to the sea, Jumeirah beach area and above the tank, with a good size balcony to sit out on. We were impressed with the large bathroom and shower cubicle but felt that as the bathroom was so large instead of just an ordinary bath tub the bathroom could have accommodated a slightly larger bath tub with a jaccuzzi at very little extra expense. We were left complimentary chocolates (huge box) and bottle of wine after our first night.Other tripadvisors have criticised the staff, but we found that all the staff we had dealings with were very helpful and efficient. Perhaps they had been re-trained since the hotel opened! we certainly did not encounter any problems.The food in the restaurants we visited was very good. The breakfast buffets were excellent with everything you could possibly want. We went to both the Saffron and Kaleidoscope. In the evening we ate in the Seafire steak restaurant, Ronda Locatelli Italian and the buffet at the Saffron. The steaks in the Seafire were excellent, the buffet excellent, but we were disappointed with the Italian, very small portions which meant we had no trouble eating three courses! The restaurants were expensive but you would be naive to think that they would be anything else.We visited Aquaventure for some part of every day we were there and think it is an excellent water park and we have visited many. We're not in our first throws of youth! and rode all the rides except the Leap of Faith which we could not pluck up courage to do!We went to the old part of Dubai by taxi and found no trouble at all picking up a taxi from outside the hotel.It is good that you can use all the guest facilities even after you have checked out and the hospitality room is excellent.We enjoyed ourselves very much at The Atlantis. We do intend visiting Dubai in the future when the monorail is in operation and would visit The Atlantis again if the price was right but will probably try another hotel on Jumeirah Beach just so we can compare.Hope this review helps in some way. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to email me.	
Dec 16 2008	Better than Atlantis in Bahamas except no casino	I spent 10 nights here with my husband and two 15 year old son and daughter (twins, in case you were wondering) and we loved it even more than the Atlantis, Bahamas. There is so much more luxury than the other one bacause the other one is old. The restaurants were fantastic. We didn't try the expensive ones because we don't really like that sort but the less expensive ones where breakfast is included are great. The water park is phenominal - we lived there the whole time until dusk every day. The weather was so pleasant, not too hot. This is the time to come.	
Dec 9 2008 	Destination in Itself	Booked 3 nights for two rooms at a rate of 1650 dirhams. Rooms are good sized with big bathroom, separate tub and shower. Not high tech as modern hotels. Stayed in west wing overlooking zero entry pool. Food quite expensive, wasn't included in room rate and was Dhs 365 for 1 adult, 3 children. Kaleidoscope restaurant dinner was 700 dhs for the four of us, was nice though and many different types. Wireless and broadband expensive at Dhs 150/day and Dhs 30/hour. I chose not to use internet there. Room rate included 5 passes to Aquaventure Park and The Lost Chambers. We went everyday and the last day they let us go even though we had already checked out and we took our showers in the hospitality lounge with fresh towels and ammenities after we finished. Didn't do the dolphin discovery since we had already done that in Florida. My family and I have always wanted to go to Atlantis Bahamas but since they brought it to us, the visit was a must. We had so much fun at Aquaventure and this is the first hotel I let my teens explore alone since there was so much to do and so much staff around. It's a little isolated with no shopping around but they do have a shuttle to Mall of the Emirates. Plan your trip well and save up so you get the most out of your vacation if you choose Atlantis.	
Dec 6 2008 	Atlantis lacks the "Wow" factor you get from other Dubai deluxe hotels	After reading some of the earlier reviews on the Atlantis, I was concerned before my arrival but the rooms, lifts and service are all fine. I attended a conference which also was well organised in a great setting. My biggest concern was the lack of small touches available in other Dubai hotels that were missing here. Once you get over being on the first hotel on the Palm, the magic ends! There were no cold towels or soft drinks served on arrival, there were no cold towels or other complimentary treats given out by the pool, there was not even a chocolate on my pillow with the evening turndown service. They never even ask for feedback at the end of your stay. On the positive side, the service I received with a room service meal was amongst the best I have ever received and I thoroughly enjoyed my spa experience.	
Dec 2 2008 	Glad we didn't change our minds	I have just arrived back after a week at the Atlantis with a friend. We booked quite a few months back and were a little concerned about the reports coming out during the Atlantis soft launch and were at one point considering changing our hotel, but after our experience there we are both very glad we didn't.Hopefully this will ally some fears from previous reports of experiences that have happened there.We took the red eye to Dubai and were not expecting to be able to check in until later in the day. However, after arriving at 8.30am our room was ready and we checked in about 5 mins. Although we were not shown to our rooms we had clear and concise directions in how to get to our room in the East Tower. I do not have a great sense of direction but we were able to find our room with ease. Luggage arrived 5 mins later and within an hour of arriving we were eating breakfast over looking the Royal swimming pool.We did have to call guest services on a couple of occasions and both issues resolved promptly and professionally.We have stayed at 3 other Dubai hotels in the past and whilst the Atlantis doesn't add up to the 5 star of the Al Qazar, what it does trump is 1. Activities and things to do and see 2. Amount of staff willing and able to help you. The staff here on every level were courteous, professional and knowledgeable. On one occasion I asked something out of the ordinary and was told 'nothing is impossible here'. This mentality seemed to echo from everybody we dealt with.Taxi's were in abundance which we managed to get within a couple of minutes, the only exception was the Saturday we tried to venture out and had to wait 1 hr, however, this has also happened previous years in Dubai due to the taxi shortage they experience.The room was lovely and spacious and we had no problems with day cleaning or the evening turn down service. A couple of times the lifts were busy but the maximum wait was a couple of minutes.After reading reports about restaurant bookings we pre-booked our restaurants a couple of weeks before our arrival. This was done by emailing the reservations desk directly at the hotel. Nobu was great and I would highly recommend but Locetti was disappointing, we were expecting something a little bit more Italian market but felt this was just a mid-range pizza pasta place. We were there when occupancy was quite low (we would have estimated somewhere in between 25-40% over the week), although it really feels the hotel feels like it had turned a corner and the staff a lot more confident in their ability to satisfy the customer and hopefully this is what is needed when they are running at higher occupancy.Some other takeaways.- The aquarium is totally amazing and superseded our expectations, we probably spent 1/2 hr a day there just watching the fish swimming around- For total relaxation, try the hammocks between the swimming pool and beach. It is so peaceful and away from the hustle and bustle of the pools- Saffron was by far the better place for breakfast, it seemed a lot more chilled and better managed. We couldn't find a toaster in Kaleidoscope but our waitress did help us out by getting some from the kitchen.	
Nov 27 2008 	Great but a few teething problems	We had 2 nights at the Atlantis, just before the main opening, so was a little dissapointed that the main pool area was out of bounds, and it was a little noisy as they were building up the stages for the launch. We also were asked to swap rooms on our second night, as they wanted our room blacony for fireworks. Great but as any of you know, swaping rooms is not easy when you are spread out everywhere. We at first were not going to swap, but the requests got increasingly urgent, so we did in the end. We were paying AED3000 a night (around £590 including evening meal) so didnt feel we got the service but they did offer us a free limo to the airport.Anyway they were the bits that drove us nuts, but put that to one side, and this is some hotel. We stayed on the 19th Floor with Club access and the breakfast on the 12th floor Club room balcony was stunning. The glass Aquarium at one end of the hotel, was something else, a two story sheet of glass with so much going on, you could just watch the fish for ages. As a guest you also had complimentary access to the aquarium with lots of areas, some huge fish, and some pools for the kids to touch the fish.The Aqua park was amazing, the lazy river just goes on and on, and can take some 45 minutes to get aroundm with flumes and rapids, They have double rings so you can go around two at a time.There is also the slides, I enjoyed the 'big dipper' style slide, but missed the one with the huge drop. There is a ride that ends in the shark tank, where you drift through a glass tunnel, with sharks around you. Wierd but amazing.Food was pretty good, the poolside bars sold hot and cold, and towels and beds were plenty, there are so many areas to find and tuck away and catch some sun.Finally we did the Dolphin experiance, which as a guest is good value - we had 12 in our group, and was split up into 3 lots of 4 each, so we had our own 'dolphin' and trainer for around 30 minutes. It was something else, and we really enjoyed it. They 'hard sell' for the Dolphin photos was dissapointing, and the price seemed to change. We were quoted £200 for a photo pack, but they show everything too fast, and we didnt want to be rushed. In the end we settled for £110 for a CD with all the pictures on, so we could print our own. Be prepared to haggle!Would we go back? Yes in fact we did to eat, and just to marvel at the sheer size of everything. Be prepared to spend a lot, but if you just take it as it comes, it really was fun, just marred by the chaos that resides around the admin/service side. Hopefully they will fix that as things settle down.	
Nov 27 2008 	Wonderful Family Break!	We stayed here at half term in October. Myself, Husband,Daughter (13) Son (11). We had the most amazing time and found none of the previous problems experienced in the first couple of weeks. I was very worried to say the least and for me i wish i hadnt read the reviews because i wasnt that excited about going because of them. That changed as soon as we got there. Stayed for five days which was about right to relax in the resort. Yes it is a bit out of the way from the rest of Dubai but what a fantastic place to be in the world and experience a true 1st by staying in the first hotel to open on The Palm. The very last few fronds of the palm near the hotel are still a building site and so is the rest of Dubai. A tour guide told us that plans for building goes up to 2020 so dont go to Dubai in the next 20 years if this is something you dont like, but i think for some people that is one of the things that is so amazing about Dubai.All the restaurants we ate in were fantastic but expensive but as long as you know this then its not such a shock! Seafire was wonderful, my daughter had her first steak here and she loved it! Went here twice second time we went there were two or three american guys there helping out from their sister hotel in the Bahamas checking on how things were going. We did try to book in to Ossiano as my son was amazed by the aquarium as we all were, but as he is only 11 they said they would rather have over 18s only, fair enough.Saffron for breakfast was amazing, no queues at all and we went down between 9-9-30am.Loved the pools and sunbeds (plenty for everyone) great with canopy especially for the kids it was very hot at least 36 degrees. All pool staff friendly and helpful a couple even played with the children in the pool area with the balls etc.Aqua adventure was great loved all the rides, lazy river,rapids and the kids loved the torrent.Beach was lovely but just one complaint the sand is not very nice, could have been a lot softer.Booked two tours while we were there. The Jeep Safari was brilliant through the sand dunes the kids loved it! Also went on a city tour which was great to go and see the spice souk and gold souk etc.All in all we had a fantastic time spending time with our kids and feel very privileged to been able to take them to such a great place..	
Nov 26 2008 	Fabulous family break....	We left the Atlantis yesterday after a wonderful 2 night break on the way back to oz from Europe. My husband and i wonder if we stayed at the same hotel as other reviewers...as we had no problems what so ever. We booked 3 deluxe rooms, and were checked in in under 5 mins by wonderfuly smiling staff who all spoke perfect english. We had a full day in the water park - loved every minute. There are so many life guards ( all very helpful and friendly), and the dolphin experience was magical. I have the deepest respect for the team looking after the dolphins, as their safety and comfort ( the dolphins) was paramount at all times. The orientation lecture was informative and interesting.And the food - loved the buffet breakfast and dinners in the Kalidescope restaurant - both the quality and variety were amazing, as were the attentive staff. I just wish i had taken more photos....but the wow factor everywhere made you forget your camera, and just enjoy every moment.	
Nov 25 2008 	Absolute Paradise	I had a short break at this fantastic hotel, booked as a suprise gift for me for my birthday. Whow what a present it turned out to be. Before my partner and I set off, we had read some pretty negative reviews about this brand new hotel, but we went with an open mind, intent on making our own opinion of the Atlantis. All i can say is,, this place is out of this world. There wasn't one thing that we could fault. The staff are all extremely accomodating and went out of their way to ensure our stay was a good one. The hotel itself is like no other we've stayed in... attention to detail was second to none. Food was excellent and the attractions within the hotel were first class.We cannot wait to return there in the future. We had a fantastic weekend.	
Nov 25 2008	Atlantis made our visit to Dubai a great one!!	Stayed there during the grand opening of the hotel and all i can say was a big WOW!!!we ended the night of our vacation with fireworks, not a simple one but the best i had ever seen. We were not at the party as those were for the invited guests only but we got the chance to see it live on the TV in our room. Some areas during that day was closed to inhouse guest but they had managed to provide alternatives to us, instead of using the Royal Pool, we were then moved to the Zero Entry pool. Beach access is open as well for us. Staffs are very polite and helpful, towels were readily available. We were able to eat on the restaurants that we had booked, NOBU has always been at its best. AQUAVENTURE was fantastic, great unique rides! Lost chambers was amazing, love so much the different marine species in there! Guest Services were very prompt on our request, i wonder how they made it that quick when they have more than a thousand rooms that night occupied. We checked out the following day and requested for luggage assistance and was done promptly. We paid so much as we were staying their for a week, but it was worth it, not tired of shopping in the Avenues!!. And just a couple of minutes ago, my mom called our travel agent to book our family by march next year to celebrate my twin brother's birthday, and i can't wait to go back!!	
Nov 25 2008	Play ground for the rich and famous	The hotel was amazing from when you first step into the lobby with the elaborate glass sculpture, the staff were very helpful and could not do enough for you, carrying bags, opening doors. I admit that the rooms and house keeping were a little dissapointing but the hotel, staff and facilities are fantastic. The lost chambers and water park really set this hotel apart from the rest in Dubai. I did not try the restaurants at the hotel as the prices were very high and there are so many other great places to eat that are reasonable but did venture into the night club, The Sanctury whcih was lovely with great music.It is certainly a hotel that I would recomend but would not stay there again as once is enough to experience its magic.	
Nov 25 2008 	What an amazing hotel!	Had 2 days at this hotel whilst staying with friends in Sharjah and what an amazing place it is. We have stayed in some top hotels and top rooms but our suite - a Regency suite, in this hotel has to be the best we have ever seen. Yes, we queued at reception for a while and no, our room wasn't ready but we only had a half hour delay. We did pay full price for our suite which was a bit annoying since half the beach and the main pool at the front were off limits due to the big opening party the following week, and because of the teething problems, a discount would have been nice. But, we ate in the Kaleidoscope Restaurant in the evening. fabulous buffet style, ideal for the children, and had breakfast in our suite the following morning and all of the food was top class. The water park is great fun, but I imagine it will get very crowded when the Metro opens and it is the weekend or holiday time over there. There are lifeguards everywhere and we felt very safe leaving the children to wander.Tips: if you book a suite with a window on to the aquarium, it is possible to be seen from the other side of the aquarium. When choosing your rubber ring in the water park, make sure it's a good one, not half deflated. I didn't know this and bruised my bum quite badly, and when they say keep your bum up they mean it!!	
Nov 23 2008 	A great holiday	What a difference from the reviews I had read. We stayed over the UK half term in October and yes the Hotel was full and there were lots of locals coming to have a look, but there was plenty of space for us all.Having read previous reviews I made bookings for the restaurants prior to arriving at the Hotel, very quick and easy via the internet, and even though we arrived late due to problems with the computers at Dubai airport, had no problem getting something to eat at 2300.We stayed in an Imperial Club Room and so had use of their lounge but usually had breakfast in Kaleidoscope of Saffron. Only time there we saw queues was about 1030 - 1100 and we guessed this was when people came and had Brunch as a way of keeping costs down. Our teenage son loved Club Rush and would have a meal in aquadventure during the day and then some snacks in the Club Lounge before disappearing there for the night. Only thing I think they could change is the charge for water in Club Rush, you have to pay AUD15 a night to get in and I feel water could be complimentary in here.We knew that we were part of the 'soft opening' so were prepared for glitches, but anything we came up against was resolved quickly, politely and efficiently.We enjoyed it so much that we are already looking to come back!!	
Nov 21 2008 	Great - but expensive.	We stayed in an Atlantis room for 4 nights from 6th November. This was not our first choice of hotel and were apprehensive after reading the reviews.The hotel is HUGE and I would say it’s got the wow factor.Check in was very quick and Myles who checked us in was very efficient and helpful. The room was very nice and bathroom was lovely. Only difference from Atlantis room to Deluxe is the full balcony, as opposed to a French one, so perhaps not really worth the price difference.The Lost Chambers is fantastic and the Aquaventure is really good, although I don’t think any better than Wild Wadi. There are many visitors around the hotel at all times, not just guests and it always seems very busy. We ate in the Seafire restaurant on the first night and had booked well in advance. It was very nice, but steaks not as amazing as I would have thought, considering how expensive it was. We ate breakfast in Saffron each morning and we didn’t have to queue and you really could get almost anything you wanted to eat. Service was great.On our third night we ate in Nobu and this was the nicest meal of our whole holiday, better value than Seafire and our waiter (who came from Nobu in Las Vegas) was so helpful and provided excellent service. The food was fantastic.On our final day we had lunch by the pool, service was good but at £30 for 2 burgers and 7 Ups, very expensive. We had room service on final night and this was delivered in 15 mins and service very good.The sea is clear, but the beach is not really very nice in comparison to Jumeirah.I would recommend this hotel for families and although I wouldn't go back, I'm really glad I've been.	
Nov 20 2008 	Dont worry	We stayed at Atlantis for 4 nights from 13th November. As others we were concerned because of the previous trip advisor reviews.We need not have worried as none of the main complaints affected us.We found no queues anywhere,our rooms were cleaned on time to perfection, the staff were all extremely helpful,the facilities fantastic even though the Royal pool was closed due to Kylies visit. We do understand what people have said about the staff perhaps being inexperienced but they were never rude and if anything perhaps just lacked confidence.We asked for a room overlooking the ocean but on hindsight the view over the Palm is more dramatic and interesting.Ossiano very expensive but worth it for a treat, Seafire best steak ever, Levatine good food fanastic terrace. We had a fantatsic weekend and would love to return sometime.	
Nov 19 2008 	We didn't have any problems - great holiday!	We stayed at the Atlantis early in November and had a great time! Admittedly we had never been to Dubai before, but have travelled a lot. The staff could not have been more helpful, from the moment we stepped out of our taxi - we were checked in immediately, given a room upgrade and taken to our room where the bellboy pointed out all the features - all this at 11am.! Room was great - lovely bathroom, shower etc.The whole place is very clean and the fish are just amazing - it took ages to get anywhere as we had to keep stopping to look at the fish! Enjoyed the Lost Chambers - had to go back a second time to take pictures; we went to Aquaventure, it was quite busy but there were no queues, and there were so many staff around who were all friendly and helpful. The sunbeds were very comfy and pool staff eager to help. The beach was a bit disappointing, needs a bit more sand. It was a shame that halfway through our stay the Royal Pool area was closed in order to get it ready for the Official Opening - but the zero entry pool was great too and still not crowded.Breakfast buffets were brilliant (chocolate fountain for breakfast!) and we did not have to queue at all - again staff very courteous and helpful. Restaurants are expensive, but very good quality - we booked from the UK, but I think we could have got into some without reservations as they did not all seem full. The Cold Stone Ice Creamery is fantastic - wish they would open some in the UK! It was very pleasant to sit on the Levantine Terrace for a drink in the evening.Just a couple of niggles - the daily newsletter mentioned the regular bus to the Mall of the Emirates - but the staff all told us different times and locations - we ended up in a taxi!! Also on our last day we found a brochure of lots of local trips that you could book through the hotel (though organised by a different company) - if we had been given a copy when we arrived we would have been able to see more of Dubai.We had read many reviews here before going and wondered what we were letting ourselves in for - yes it is huge and like a Disney Castle, but that is the point of it! And staff have obviously had a lot more training since the early reviews - but if you go on holiday and look at the negatives all the time, you will never enjoy anything!	
Nov 19 2008 	Overhyped Overpriced	I stayed at Atlantis for one night to celebrate my wifes birthday. I guess based on the Ad campaign we had high expectations but there are certain minimum levels of service one expects from a Hotel that charges $650 a night. Firstly, this hotel is too big and too impersonal to be termed 'exclusive'. We were given a room facing the construction site for the opening party setup. The constant noise made the room's balcony useless. The room itself was quite spacious with a lovely bathroom.The main attractions are where the Hotel comes up short.Lost chambers was highly disappointing ( I feel for the people who would have actually paid for it). Aquaventure was nice but too lax about visitor safety. It is irritating trying to get a confirmed reservation at the celebrity chef restaurants especially when one realises that they are not full. We were told Nobu was fully booked but we had heard that Hotel reservations tries to be difficult so we just showed up when we felt like it and were seated immediately. None of the other retaurants were even half full. The worst part of my experience was the check out. There was an extra 20% charge that had no mention on my booking printout for which I asked for an explanation. I couldn't believe how rude the receptionist was. I felt like Oliver Twist asking for more Soup. Definitely not my moneys worth.	
Nov 18 2008 	faulty towers	what a let down, after reading some reveiws i booked , to be honest i wished i hadnt, not a 5 star experiance, front desk staff polite but useless, taxi from the main entrance a nightmare ques go on and on, to be honest save your cash and head for the mina a salam a much better hotel.	
Nov 18 2008 	Never Again!	My husband and I visited the Atlantis for 5 nights 6th -11th November 08. Very disappointed with whole experience. We have travelled to Dubai many times over the last 7 years and have always had wonderful experiences with many hotels including Al Qasr, Jumeriah Beach, Royal Meridian, etc When we arrived at the Atlantis at about midnight on the Thursday(start of weekend in Dubai) the hotel was packed with local people looking around and the reception was very busy. Nobody greeted us when we were dropped off and we had to struggle with our suitcases. We then waited at reception for about 15 mins, where we were given our room keys and a hotel map we then had to find our own room never had to do that before. The allocated room was a twin bedded room when we had booked a king. We phoned reception but they did not understand the problem so we had to go all the way back to reception and complain. We were told that the hotel was full and no king bedded rooms available my husband being able to speak arabic started shouting and eventually there gave us a king bedded room. The reception staff are very bad and not well trained. The hotel is not what I would describe as 5 star, I know the hotel is only new and maybe they are having teething problems but when you are paying upwards of £500 per night you expect a better service. The breakfast the next morning was mayhem everyone waiting for tables lots of noise not very good, but the food selection and quality was good. The main restaurants were always busy and you need to make a reservation and I thought they were overpriced. The water park is good and if you have children I am sure they will enjoy it. My advise is stay at another hotel and then buy a day pass for the water park and spend the day there. You can go into the hotel and look at the aquariums etc. This hotel is run like an american hotel and if you like good service and a bit of luxury don't stay at the Atlantis, if you like lots of people, noise and tack well maybe its for you. Lets hope it gets better!	
Nov 15 2008 	Unique resort	worried after reading some early bad reveiws but were delighted to have stayed at the atlantis.everything went very smoothly having booked a bargain package through Virgin over the net.Wonderful unique hotel, well worth the five stars, a bit on the 'disney style'.Everything was top class, with the Saffron buffett being the best we have ever had. (better than cruise food)Service throughout the resort was excellentmake the most of the water park (because its free)yes it was exspensive but there again all hotels in Dubai are.well worth going for the experience and dont be put off by some of the 'Dubai snobs' nit picking comments of some previous reviewers.not only me couldn't turn down the air con then and i would agree with the beach not being the best	
Nov 14 2008 	Trouble-free visit	As others have said, we were really worried by earlier reviews, but needn't have been. Yes, it's OTT, it's huge, the decor is incredible and it's full of people - there are after all 1500 rooms - but at no time did we ever feel overwhelmed by crowds. We took taxis everywhere - didn't wait for more than 2 minutes. The Royal Pool was closed (we had been forewarned by our travel agent because the Grand Opening is coming up next week). The zero entry pool is delightful and so safe and we had our pick of dozens of sunbeds. Breakfast in Saffron - what a choice of items - all kinds of cuisines catered for. We did not have dinner in any of the hotel restaurants - hubby is vegetarian, and naturally Seafire, Nobu etc all lean towards meat and fish. We ate out in Dubai. Having been warned about problems with bills, we paid everything - coffees, drinks, ice cream at ColdStone Creamery (fabulous) in cash. The only thing which really surprised us was, at check-in the receptionist took a credit card charge for 3000 dirhams (approx £500) and told us that would offset any charges during our visit and that any balance would be re-credited to our credit card. Have never had this in any other hotel. Having paid all extras in cash (our hotel bill for bed and breakfast was prepaid) we made absolutely sure that we got the 3000 dirham charge refunded. To sum up, we found the staff to be unfailingly polite and helpful, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay in the Atlantis Palm.	
Nov 13 2008 	Not in the same league as the Jumeirah chain	We had 8 nights at the Atlantis and found the following:-Bad points* Beach is terrible and left blisters on my 3 year old toes* Queues for taxis at peak hour, (30mins one night)* Building works and drilling on the lobby roof all day* No personal touches like, chocolate on pillow at turndown, no iced water at the pool, no fruit kebabs and such things which are all normal in the Jumeirah beach, Mina a'salam, and Al Qusar.* Massive hotel, too big too busy.* Ugly views, the palm is unattractive and they are still building and working all day long, even when building works are finished, i cant see it being any better, you will then be looking out at houses and high rise apartment blocks, and its only a stones throw from the Atlantis' beach!* Whale shark was far too big for his tank!* No more than pre packed sandwhiches by the zero entry pool. No hot drinks and plastic glasses.Good points* No wait for checking in and we were shown to our rooms by a very friendly and helpful bellboy.* Beautiful room, lovely decor, only had a juliet balcony which you could just about put your foot on, no chairs on balconies.* floris toiletries, well stocked mini bars and complimentary teas, coffee, and hot chocolates.* Good maid service and turn down service, which only come in if the light is turned on for them to do so, forgot a few times to switch it over and the room wasnt done, no instructions to do this, we managed to work this out after a few days!!* Pool areas are lovely and never seem busy, too many beds, which were unused. Very clean and lots of heplful staff around to tuck big fluffy towels onto the beds.* Waterpark was fantastic, we spent alot of time in here, being taken in directly by a little golf buggy. Although we had to walk miles back along the beach as the buggys dont pick up???? Waterpark was better and cleaner than the wild wadi.* Fish tanks are amazing and it was a treat every morning looking in on the whale shark (who i did feel sorry for), the many smaller sharks and many many different fish, and the divers who cleaned the tank and entertained the kids more than the fish. Stunning. Went to the lost Chambers as it was free but wasnt that impressed, the Blue Planet in Chester is much better!* Room service was fantastic, beautiful food, well presented and very quick, and the wine was cheaper than anywhere else.Restaurants:-Kaleidoscope - Modern decor, had breakfast on the first morning queued for 30mins and then it felt like a busy Disney hotel, everyone rushing to eat as much as they could in the quickest time, didnt go back.Saffron - No queues at Saffron, only it was miles away from our rooms in the East tower, our rooms being in the West tower, but worth the walk, as it was just by the big fish tank and the decor was more traditional and more laid back and didnt seem as busy. We took breakfast here every morning and the food was very good and varied and the nice egg chef made me eggs benedict every morning on request.We had an evening meal in Saffron and it has to be the best buffet style restaurant we have ever eaten in and quite reasonably priced.Seafire - Beautiful steaks, well presented and served. Expensive, but only the same as any other good restaurant in Dubai. We went back to where we know most nights, Shimmers and the Al Muhna both at the Mina a'Salam.We enjoyed our holiday and the kids loved it (they didnt like the kids club and it costs a fortune, dont bother with it), the weather was fantastic, and we loved our time spent around Dubai, but we wouldnt go back to Atlantis, it is not in the same league as the above mentioned hotels. We have tried it, it wasnt as bad as we were expecting after the reviews and hopefully they may get it together. But it hasnt got the X-factor!	
