Oct 6 2009 	wow	its in short words HEVEAN so cozy and relaxing plus it has a great location right behind the uae mall, the stafe are so kind and nice	
May 21 2009 	Plenty of Space Well Located and Good Value for Money	Just came back from a business trip to Dubai and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights.I was given a one-bedroom apartment (this is an apartment hotel) with a sitting room, dinning area as well as a well equipped kitchen with washing machine - plenty of space.I stocked up the fridge with drinks bought from a small supermarket right opposite the hotel.The team at the hotel was very helpful and friendly. They organised airport pickup for me both ways (from Abu Dhabi Int'l Airport).It took me 25 minutes to the Convention Centre and therefore very convenient. It was only an hour from Abu Dhabi airport.Breakfast is served in the cafe area and there is no restaurant for dinner. However, they do offer room service, with a good choice, if required. I found a Thai takeaway round the corner as well.Having said that, I spent every evening out at the food courts at the Hall of Emirates (the one with indoor snowy ski slope) trying all sorts of cooking and then walked back to the hotel - a 10 minute walk.The surrounding area has a lot of building sites but it is the same everywhere in Dubai at the moment. The sound proof was good as I did not hear anything.There was a gym and sauna and a steam room at the top floor although I did not use the facilities.Internet access was availabile free and I made good use of it.	
Apr 16 2009 	five stars for this hotel	arriving late not knowing what to expect,we were suprised at the size of the rooms,the large bedroom with ensuite plus another bathroom off the hall,fitted kitchen with washer/dryer,small bacony unfurnished but a great view of the building work opposite,we counted 13 cranes at various sites all around the hotel,but because of the weather ,rained everyday!! dust and sand was not a problem,a 5 minute walk to the Mall of the Emirates to buy food at the large &quot; Carrefour&quot; supermarket,kitchen had 2 hobs and a microwave so catering /cooking was possible,self catering,crockery and utensils,the reception staff and housekeeping was very polite and helpful,tv in quite large sitting room but only 3 english channels BBC and Hallmark...but hey,we didn't stay here to watch TV..side lighting and standard lamps plus ceiling lights,will stay here again...and again ..	
Apr 5 2009 	worst	the worst i have ever stayed in before. construction sound out of that we had sound from inside the hotel itself. the staffs are sleeping in the reception. during my check out time i saw a bald headed guy standing behind the reception with his national clothes in slippers with the receptionist. he was talking non sense when i asked him regarding the noise of drilling in the upper floors.horrible. he introduced himself to be a manager.first time to see a manager in slippers standing behind the reception. rooms were clean but when i asked for service twice, they didnt provide me. all hotels provide service according to the guest. food was fine but not to the mark.i will never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 4 2009	Best value for money	Stayed at the Star Metro Al Barsha and can't say anything negative at all.Excellent appartment, friendly and helpful staff and a great location for visiting the Mall of the Emirates and Madinat Jumeirah.Highly recommended as the best value for money I have found in Dubai.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great place to stay	My partner and I stayed here for one week. The apartment was cheap by dubai standards, we paid £650 for a duluxe - the bed was so big I couldn't even tell my boyfriend was in the bed! The air conditioning was fantastic, it has everysingle thing you need, a fully fitted out kitchen with washer/dryer iron with board ect. You really feel like your home, we had two full size bathrooms! the rooms were cleaned and sheets changed every single day, morning papers were given to you, and the staff are very very friendly and professional.Now - the downside!! No taxis know where it is, but you find this allot as Dubai is growing so much. The food is absolutely terrible, don't waste your money, just go out, or go to Carrefour a supermarket in the mall of emirates!And there is no swimming pool!But we were there on business it suited out needs very well, I would definately stay there every single time... if it just had a pool.Would definately recommend if you do not want to spend a fortune.	
Jun 26 2008 	home sweet home	T’was my first time in Dubai and my friend told me about this newly established hotel apartment, which is located near the mall of emirates (more or less 5 mins. walk)—very accessible and I’m kinda intrigued what the apartment looks like. So there I went to Star Metro Al Barsha and was pretty satisfied with the room and end up spending a week there. Everything is okay. I honestly felt like I'm not away from home because it feels like I am home. Everything that I needed was there be it spoon and fork to pots and bowls. I could even do my own laundry and iron it my self. I have my own hair dyer which is actually a must-have for women. Air conditioning works properly and a very comfortable king size bed (I got the deluxe bedroom apartment). The apartment is really spacious! High-speed Internet Access. Breakfast available and yummy too! I can use the gym anytime and there's a complimentary shuttle to the mall of emirates, which is really a good thing because taxi drivers are hesitant to take you to the Mall from the Hotel due to the less distance involved. And above all, service is very good... oh no... superb is a better word! I had a good response from the staffs every time I need assistance. They have a very polite and friendly atmosphere and well-trained staffs. All in all, I have no regrets staying in this hotel and if I happen to go back in Dubai, Star Metro Al Barsha is the first hotel apartments on my list to stay.#	
