Jul 13 2009 	great value and perfect location	10 mins away from airport and right on the creek and 15 mins away from the most famous hotel burj al arab	
Jan 23 2009 	On not up the Creek	Dubai [DXB] used to be good. Now it is materialism gone mad. How may we still enjoy DXB? One answer is to stay on a Creek side hotel. Carlton is one of the better value such places. A few yards from the Creek, from an Abra [water taxi] stations, and from the Souks 'Old' &amp; 'Gold'. Good access to the DXB Airport.Excellent Creek view pool, with well equiped gym. Go for a Creek view room if premium price is reasonable. Look out for the Business Centre internet access rip off.Eat in the hotel; good buffet breakfast or outside in the strets to the rear. Good prices in the backstreet shops as well.	
Feb 7 2008 	Nice location Nice breakfast Freindly staff-shame about the service....	I was told this hotel has a nice view, which was true. However I was not told about the type of service. The people at the front were friendly and always smiled but booking a cab would take forever. At the same time when we planned to go out on a trip- which was organised by the hotel, we were delayed by 40 minutes on both occasions both going and coming back! I nearly got into a fight with one of the drivers. Having said that, the breakfast was nice and the room itself was nice, had a great view. We were on the 11th floor which did not have a lift, so we had to take the steps from the 10th. Hotel, was clean etc. Its a nice place to stay, if youre going to be out and about- but dont book events directly from the hotel- you wil get ripped off and the staff will try to undercut each other in order to get you a better offer on a trip- making money for themselves at the same time- offcourse this is a good thing for the customer but it just sheds light on how people operate. It was also 5 mins walk to mcdonalds, KFC, Baskin and Robbins and a few restaurants. Overall a nice place to stay, friendly staff, just dont book things from there.	
Jan 2 2008 	Big mistake !	Arrived about 6 in the morning porter friendly but man on reception miserable took us up to our 11th floor room lift only goes to 10th floor - floors 10 and 11 smelled damp/musty. Nice view pleasant room - No cold water in bedroom sink reported on 2nd day never fixed while we were there 7 days ! - Breakfast first time i have had mash potatoes as one of the choices in a 4* also corned beef ! - time it takes for girls to clear breakfast tables is terrible - no wonder people were kept waiting. Miserable staff. Used their internet connection next to reception speed was never broadband on their machines also didnt look as if they had any virus checkers charged more than 5* in Hong Kong for poorer internet service.	
Jul 28 2007 	Its a nice place to stay	Hi;I would like to say that my stay at Carlton Tower - was quiet pleasant. Yes, i will agree with the other reviews that there is renovation work beign done in the hotel, but it is on the ground level (in front of the hotel), and it had no impact on my stay.I was staying in room 1001 and i was amazed by the view on the creek side. I was happy with the service provided, it was also good to know that they had an in-house health club and a swimming pool. I would say that over all it is a nice hotel to stay, some improvement could take place in terms of providing varieties of cusines for dinner - such as oriental dishes - i do love oriental cusines.I am sure that the next time i visit Carlton - there will a variety of dishes.	
Jun 19 2007	hope it gets better	i've been a regular guest at this hotel, and i'm sad to say it's on the decline. the only thing keeping it going is the concierge staff, always helpful and friendly in contrast to the rest of the staff. i only hope they get their act together. it's one of the few places in dubai that has some human character.	
Feb 22 2007 	Be Brave Staying Here	My goodness. Arrived here at 02.30 in the morning on a business trip with my manager. Arrived at the hotel to a fight breaking out in the front of the hotel. Checked in after a long wait so I would dread to think how long it would take in peak season. The room was terrible and I even had to check the sheets to make sure they were clean. There was no hot water in the morning for a shower and breakfast.... what can you say. Looking at it made me loose my appetite. Tinned fruit looked the most eatable.Requested a taxi and told we had to wait 20 minutes so decided to wonder down the road for one.Decided to drink and eat at a different hotel (Hilton Dubai Creek) as we had stayed here before and knew we could not be let down by the service and quality. Thank goodness we did as upon our return to the hotel we decided to go for a night cap. Thought we would try out the English Bar (no longer English) and there was no one there, so we decided to try the other bar and at least that provided entertainment for an hour or 2. Had a few quick drinks then went back to the room. Booked a wake up call for 06.15 and that came through at 06.45 so I was glad I set the alarm on my phone. None of the buttons on the top of the phone worked, and half the lights in the bedroom did not work. No really great views from the Hotel. I had a view of the creek, but due to no sound proof windows all you could hear were the car horns and my mangers view was of the rather tatty looking apartments opposite the hotel. If you decide to stay here be warned.	
Dec 2 2006 	What a wreck	I`m glad I stayed only 2 nights.Breakfast was like something from 1940s Britain.TINNED fruit salad, TINNED Peaches, TINNED Pears in a 4 Star Hotel.The brightest things in the Lobby were the Black and White pictures of the opening day in 1977The staff tried their best. &quot;Just another 30 minutes , Sir&quot; when the water was turned off until 10.00 a.m. We were told by a note slipped under the door it would be off until 07.00.A fine position though.	
Nov 24 2006 	not a 4 star	was recomended to us like a luxury 4 star hotel. i was there in nov.2006. the staff was ok, but the hotel is almost 3 stars. the position in DEIRA is very good (near the Creek), the rooms are clean but small and i heard all noisses from hall and rooms near me. (no insonorization and i had some bad neighboors). the food was very poor; few kinds in the morning. The pool is in renovation but nobody tell us. The price was the same even the pool does not working. In concluzion, not bad at last. i liked the staff and that the rooms were very clean. sorry if my english was not clear.	
Oct 31 2006 	This is not a four star hotel!	The hotel is located in the Deira district, almost direclty on Dubai Creek. We stayed there for two nights. Our room has been clean and quite large - but nothing special. Breakfast was not really fine either.Would recommend this hotel to everyone, who gets a special rate but don't expect anything special or fine. Hotel should be rated as a good three-star hotel.	
Oct 12 2006 	Not for your dream holiday	Well it's not bad but I wouldn't say 4-star myself. I was a guest for 4 nights and while the staff were all very helpful it didn't feel like 4-star service. The breakfast is pretty standard, nothing that would really make you dash down from your room. I had the lunch buffet once only, I arrived as soon as it opened but many of the dishes were already cold and again not very exciting. I got a really great deal on the room but had I been paying anywere near the rack rate I would have been less than pleased. Things to look out for, they didn't restock the mini-bar or coffee etc each day, the complementary water was not replaced each day, you only get 1 toilet roll, in fact only half on the first day as the rest had been used by the last guest (no-spare in the room). On the plus side I did arrive at 8am in the morning and there was a room ready right away and the airport transfer they aranged was fine is more expensive than a taxi. On the whole it's ok for a few days if you are business or on a budget but it's not a spot for your dream holiday.	
Sep 16 2006 	should be called Fawlty Towers	We arrived recently at The Carlton Towers Dubai Creek hotel, Monday 11th. September for three nights and were extremely disappointed with the room not being ready on our arrival even although we had paid for it from 12 noon that day and didn't arrive until 3.45am. the next morning.after a long 10hr. journey. We were told that the air conditioning had just broken down (as if) it couldn't have been fixed or another room made ready before we arrived so we were told that we could wait in another smaller room as we had paid for a triple room while another room was getting ready and were given free coffee and a room with a view of the creek (which we had requested anyway)to make up for this and we would be in the other room for 4.20-4.30.am,so at 5.15 am we were taken to another room with our luggage only to find that someone else was sleeping there and had the latch chain lock on the door otherwise we would have walked in on them.so we then were taken to another room 1002 this time which was the one at the creek with the view to make up for the stuffing around so around 6am. And after approximately ten hours travelling we managed to get to sleep.At ten am.4hours later I was awakened by a workman on scaffolding outside my window hammering and banging and singing,(and this was on the tenth floor) no privacy as you couldn't open the curtains as he was walking around outside on the scaffolding, the view was obscured by scaffolding and green shade cloth,and also the chances that the workmen could be there did not impress us we did complain only to be told that we could shift rooms again to one without a view as the workmen were due back the following morning again so we decided reluctantly (as it was only a three night stay and we were sick of the upheaval) not to move again.this was our first trip to Dubai and our experience was not good and it is a relief to be back in Australia ,I will be putting our experience on the travel forums and also contacting Emirates who we booked with, but felt to be fair that we should let you know first .  PS. the manager also told us that they had informed travel agents and airline companies about the renovations i don't see anything about it anywhere.	
Apr 19 2006	Jaded Carlton Tower	There was a problem with the transfer from Abu Dhabi -as the Etihad coach actually took us their offices rather than to the bus station, so we had no transfer, and had to pay again for a taxi - worth noting that when you come back the offices book your cases straight through to your destination back in the UK.The Hotel Carlton Tower was a little jaded. The toilet flush wasn't working and broke again immediately after being fixed. The telephone wasn't working, the hairdryer broke during our stay. There were no enough sunbeds to go around so we had to sit on little aluminium chairs around the pool. The fire alarm went off and no one actually left the building!!	
Apr 2 2006	Wonderful Hotel	I have just returned from Dubai, where my husband &amp; I stayed in the Carlton Tower Hotel for one week. Before we went, I had read the previous review on this hotel, and was not quite sure what to expect. We arrived in the middle of the night and the reception staff were extremely helpful, as were ALL the hotel staff. We had a lovely room, with a Creek view, it was cleaned every day, towels and sheets were also changed every day.The food was excellent, there was a good variety of food, to suit all tastes.I am beginning to wonder if the person, who made the previous remarks, was actually staying in the same hotel as I ???At home, I work as a Travel Agent, and I don't take any nonsence, if the hotel had been bad, I would have been the first person to complain.There was only one small, complaint, and that was the Air Conditioning, in the bedroom was very noisy, but this was a minor fault.The location of the hotel is also excellent, right on the creek in Dubai, the main shopping area and the Gold Souk, are almost on the doorstep. Also staying in the city, you avoid all the extensive building work that is being carried out in the beach area.I wouldn't hesitate to stay in the Carlton Tower Hotel again, and will definately be recommending it to my clients.	
Sep 19 2005 	Badddd	It is basically a very old hotel with a very old reception and a very bad service.The reception waked me up 4 times on 4 different wake up calls and i had not book any wake up callThe breakfast is terribleThe bath rooms are dirtyThe rooms are dirty	
