	Good old town location	We decided to stop off on our way to Cape Town with Emirates and wanted a moderately priced hotel in the old town away from the &quot;bling&quot; in other parts of Dubai. We were upgraded to a room on the 6th floor with a view of the Museum opposite (worth a visit).The room was comfortable, reasonably spacious and clean. The only slight criticism was the the Air Conditioning was a little too efficient for the modest November temperatures and the pool area a little small.Staff were personable and efficient. We always received a warm welcome from the doorman with the handlebar moustache.Overall, I would have no hesitation in recomending this hotel for a stay in Dubai.	
	very good	I have been there for five times now. I will come back. There is always the same stuff, very kind and friendly. You feel a bit at home when you come back in the evening from business and when you have a drink in the bar.	
	Great location and value for money excellent service and friendly staff	Had a great short stay, close to all the souks, museum, river, hop on hop off bus and short taxi ride to shopping malls. Accommodation was very clean and comfortable with excellent service, we upgraded to the executive package and it was well worth it.	
	Good location	Good location for a few days in Dubai – across from the museum and the mosque and a short walk to watch the creek with its lively traffic; try going to the creek through Hindi Lane (behind the Mosque). The hotel is stylish and very comfortable. I was given a large family room at no extra cost, with everything one could wish being available in the room. If you have to stay a few days in Dubai and you don’t need the beach, then this is a good place.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Value for 4 Star Hotel	We spent 8 nights at this hotel and found it to be everything desired in a hotel. The rate was very affordable and the amenities were better than our previous experiences in the city. The staff coudn't do enough to ensure our satisfaction. The breakfast buffet is quite spectacuclar and the full service spa adds to guests' comfort level (we got a free mini-massage during our stay). It's about a 5 block walk down to the abra station and the Dubai Museum is right across the street. Also convenient is the stop for the BIG RED BUS tour bus. We intend to stay again when we return. P.S, it's not called Dubai (Do Buy) for nothing--like being on Shopping Planet!	
Nov 24 2009	fantastic hotel in a great location	i travelled to arabian hotel with my 73year old mum and it was a fantastic choice. it was 2mins walk to the shops in Mina bazar. It had great breakfast and service overall was very good. i would definately come back and stay in this hotel. the spa was worth the price paid....there is also a free ride to and from the jumeriah beach	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent hotel great stay	We stayed here twice throughout our trip and both times the service was excellent, the rooms spotless and the staff extremely polite and helpful. The location is really good, right across from the Museum, a 3 minute walk to the Souk and abras and only a 10 minute stroll to the new train station which runs past all the shopping centres and Jumeirah.Definitely one of the better priced hotels we found in Dubai and the quality was excellent.	
Nov 23 2009 	Perferct for being a tourist	Good hotel with excellent staff, very helpful and cheerful. This is not a hotel for people who want to sunbathe all day, but ideal if you want to see the real Dubai and not that far from the Metro (but too far with luggage as we found out)Hotel food is good, but don't be afraid to eat in the local cafe's and restaurants. Food is good quality (mainly indian based) and very cheap, but you won't get any alcohol with it.	
Nov 21 2009 	During my next visit in Dubai I will stay in this hotel again	The location of the hotel is very good opposite the Dubai museum and if you need to go for shopping you only have to go a few meter.The rooms with their Arabian Style invite to be comfortable and to relax.	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent hotel - would highly recommend especially the Exec room upgrade package	My wife and I stayed here for a week early in November. Throughout the week we found the service to be excellent. Very profession staff who were invariably willing to help.We upgraded to a room on the Executive floor at a small premium. Included in this upgrade is access to the Executive lounge which you can use for breakfast and evening snacks (eat as much as you like). The quality of food and presentation was exceptional for the price. Additionally you get three free alcoholic drinks per person, each evening. We typically had wine which was of good quality. For beach goers there is a daily free bus service. Location in the old town is ideal for strolling out in the evening, with the creek being only a few minutes walk away.We used taxi's, the Metro, and the local bus service and found all to be very good value and convenient. Only three stations on the Metro were open but more will be opening soon.Things we did that we'd recommend:- Visit the museum (just across the road from the hotel)- Visit Creek Park (a short boat trip along the creek from the hotel- Go see the fountains beside the World's tallest building (better than the ones in Las Vegas)- It's pricey, but for an ellegent night out book to have cocktails ir Dinner at the Burj Al Arab,	
Nov 17 2009 	A Great Place	What a great place. A perfect location for sightseeing and dining in Dubai. The rooms were really fantastic - Especially, considering the general price for a good room in Dubai. The service was friendly and exemplary. I recommend this hotel without reservation. Although, I recommend you make a reservation as it is very popular.Good Journeys!	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent!	Fantastic location for doing Indian shopping - can get all suits, sarees and indian jewellery on the doorstep! No need to travel to India - its more that conveneint to do wedding shopping here!	
Nov 9 2009 	Worth considering	Excellent staff who try so very hard, but they are let down by a building and furnishings which are starting to look tired and careworn.Good value for money though	
Nov 8 2009 	Good value good service	We arrived late at night and the checkin process was fast and efficient (we also got served drinks while waiting). Rooms were nice, large and clean with a nice touch of free water, cookies and fruits. Aircondition was pretty cold, but easy to change temperature and intensity. We ate at the Indian restaurant in the hotel; food was good and we got a bellydancing show with it. We also tried the English pub in the hotel several times, a nice place to relax with a drink after shopping or before going out. Did not try the other restaurants in the hotel.Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful when it came to practical issues (organizing dune bashing safari; getting taxies; booking table at restaurants; letting us have a shower before our 3am return flight despite the fact that we checked out 18 hours earlier). It takes a while (20 minutes) to take a taxi to the new part of town (malls and nightlife), but it's pretty cheap to go there (choose the white taxis). Can recommend the hotel for anyone who wants good service hotel without breaking the budgets.	
Nov 8 2009 	In transit	Overall I enjoyed my stay. I was in transit from Afghanistan to the US and wanted a place to decompress. The room was comfortable (bed so-so but huge) - great to have free in-room internet. TV channel choices were not so good but definitely something very every culture/language. Was at first concerned about being on 2nd flr but the view was straight out on the Dubai Museum and it was noise free. For a 1/2 day fee I did a 6p check-out since I had a late flight. Cost of room service was higher than other hotels. Location is great for shopping and seeing things (if I'd wanted to) - hotel will also help with tour arrangements. Grocery store down the street. Gym was good. Very friendly service from all staff. Would stay here again easily, especially if I wanted to be more touristy.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great location friendly and very helpful staff	very central hotel. Ideal for walking around creek area and shopping. Very close to abra station. staff extremely friendly and helpful.	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely family holiday in Dubai	This was our second visit to the UAE. Previously we stayed at Ras Al Khaimah but this time we wanted somewhere within Dubai city itself and chose this particular hotel based on some of the favourable comments on Trip Advisor. We were picked up from the airport by a hotel car and we were charged AED80 (£13 approx). The distance between the airport and the hotel is only about a 20 minute journey so we felt this was an excessive amount . We later checked with a metered cabbie who stated that the fare would have been no more than AED25 (just over £4!!) However, when we arrived at the hotel at around 8.30pm we were greeted with drinks and check-in was very quick. We were given a family room consisting of a main room with a very large bed and a smaller living room with a sofa bed.There were also complimentary bottles of mineral water and fruit. While we were discussing how we were going to accommodate our two children (son nearly 13 and daughter 11) a hotel employee arrived at our door with a single bed which he then proceeded to make up along with the sofa bed. The rooms were clean and spacious with plenty of storage space. We did notice a slight smell of stale cooking whenever we returned to the room either permeating from the resaturants below or from outside. There was a TV set in each room which made the kids happy. We decided to have a quick bite to eat and then go to bed. As we didn't know the area we opted for the Mumtaz Mahal restaurant on the first floor of the hotel. The meal was average nothing to complain about although we found the tandoori chicken to be a bit on the spicy side when we had asked for medium heat on account of the kids. However, breakfast at the Bastikiya restaurant, again located at the hotel, was lovely. The chef made pancakes and waffles served with cream to order which the kids absolutely loved. There was the usual buffet of cereals, fruit,patisseries,breads and rolls as well as the hot food buffet scrambled eggs, hash browns, grilled tomatoes,baked beans etc and some Asian specialities. The service was excellent although things seemed to get a bit chaotic when the dining room started filling up. One funny story is when we arrived one morning and were seated by the manager at a seemingly empty table. It turned out that the party before hadn't actually finished but their table had been cleared when they got up to get more food! We and the other couple saw the funny side of it but we suspect the manager was somewhat embarrassed. The hotel services we used were the shuttle bus to Jumeirah Beach Park and the gym and pool. The gym is quite well equipped and the man in charge there was very helpful and knowledgeable. The pool is on the small side but adequate as long as too many guests didn't all arrive at once. There are apartments in the adjacent building which overlook the pool area which was slightly disconcerting. The changing facilities/lockers/showers are excellent. All in all the staff were polite and respectful. They would always greet us with a &quot;Good Morning&quot; if they met us in the corridor. On our last morning, we asked for a 4am wake up call the checking out was very quick and we used the free hotel shuttle service. That and the extra bed we were given helped to make up for the initial transfer charge. Some hotels provide a small breakfast for guests checking out but this was not the case here. Although there were a couple of negative points we felt the positives far outweighed them and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 1 2009	Good position good value	Really convenient position opposite Duabi Museum and on the Big Bus route. The hotel has easy access to the Creek and it was very easy to catch an Abra to the other side to the Gold Souk. Driving there was also easier than I anticipated althougth I did get caught in a couple of traffic jams. Once you are there you don't need a car as there is lots to see in walking distance.Service was friendly, sitting in the Asian Restaurant overlooking the shops and the night lights eating good food was very pleasant.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location	We arrived at the hotel at 8am and were offered an early check in and breakfast for about £25...it was worth every penny. We had a shower and then a nice cooked breakfat and were ready for our sightseeing. We had an executive room which was very nice and it gives you use of the executive lounge which is very nice and where you take breakfast. You can also have afternoon tea and evening canopes and cocktails which are free...well worth it! There's a nice little pool to cool off in after a hard day's sightseeing. The staff are also very friendly and obliging. The hotel is in a great location right opposite the Dubai Museum where the Big Bus(sightseeing) stops. We got a 2 day ticket which is quite expensive but does take you to all the sights. Be prepared for a long trip though especially if you go down to Atlantis annd the Burj al Arab...it's a long way and traffic is quite bad. All in all I think it's a good choice in Dubai as you are`away from any building work and the near to the old part including the Souks and the Creek which are only few minutes away.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great base close to city	Dubai has got to be one of the most expensive cities to stay in so when I cam across the Arabian courtyard I was actually pleased with the price. We flew in very late and checked in at 2am - staff were pleasant and helped us to our room. Room was fine, comfy bed, but this hotel has obviously never heard of bleach. The bathroom tiles were covered in mould. This however was the hotels only letdown.Location is great - near the souk, the creek, and 20 minutes from Jumeriah.One highlight here is the doorman - a real character with one hell of a moustache!	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent central location 	This is a lovely hotel, located on the southern edge of the old town. Opposite the Dubai museum (which is well worth a visit) and near to the textile souq. The staff are very helpful.We had a one bedroom room with a separate lounge. The room was large with lovely Arabian styling. The only negative thing was a slight smell of smoke in the lounge (even though we had expressed a preference for a non-smoking room). The room rate included a buffet breakfast which was excellent, with a good selection available.The pool was adequate but not very large. We certainly consider coming back next time we are in Dubai.	
Oct 26 2009 	As always welcomed back with excellent friendly service	Have been there before - but always there is quiet friendly service and a neat bar to wind down a little - not with wild music, but sufficient to chase the work demons away and set the mood for a relaxing weekend.	
Oct 25 2009 	Very well-priced; great breakfast	This little jewel is in the &quot;old&quot; part of Dubai. If you like visiting authentic downtowns then you'll love this; across from the old fort and near the Dubai creek.	
Oct 19 2009 	Located in Bur Dubai across from the Dubai Museum	The hotel is located across the street from the Dubai Museum and the Bastakia Quarter and two blocks from Bur Dubai Souk as well as the ferry to the Deira district withwith all its Souks.The closest Metro/subway stop is 20min walk away and it can take you for only a few dollars all the way down to the Alladin hotel on the Palm Islands.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great place to see older Dubai	Very nice hotel in the older parts of Dubai. Hotel is just situated opposite the museum of Dubai. Roos are big (we had a 2 bedroom family room), comfortable and designed with style. Aircon worked perfectly. This hotel is a good base to look the more original Dubai. If you need early check inn or transportation from the airport it is possible for a quite reasonable price.The gym and pool are not that big, but they are ok.You can get good internet deals to this hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great service and free Internet	We stayed at the Arabian courtyard for 3 nights. We arrived late and check in was no problem, and we were given orange juice whilst we checked in. Our room was very large and spacious with good air conditioning. Our room was dusty and the mirrors could have done with a clean. Some of the furniture was shabby looking, i.e. handle hanging off the wardrobe, and old style TV with faded remote buttons so hard to use, also the end of the curtains had come off the rail and had not been put back on. In my opinion it looks like the rooms need upgrading and decorating. The worse thing about the room was the bed. It was very hard and I found it difficult to sleep due to this. Don't let this put you off the hotel as we did enjoy our stay, we were just disappointed as we felt the previous reviews of the hotel had built it up to be luxurious.The staff are excellent and gave 100% service at all times. We ate in the coffee shop and food was delicious (you can order take out coffee and cakes for your room), we also had breakfast which was a good standard. We did not use the spa or pool. There is also a room for use to freshen up, if you l have a late flight home, leave your luggage at the hotel concierge, and you can go back later and have a shower etc. Free internet in the rooms, but not Wi-fi so make sure you take an Ethernet cable. We booked the desert safari with the hotel around £35 each which was excellent value for money.The area is good near the gold souk, 24 hour supermarket mins away. If you want a beach hotel then do not stay here as the beach is miles away although the hotel offers a free bus. Also be warned that there is a mosque over the road which can be heard around 5 in the morning. The location is excellent for the souks, malls, and its easy to get to the new metro which is well worth a ride as it goes past the emirate towers, burj Dubai ,and to the emirates mall (we got a taxi to the burjurman mall metro station from the hotel). The sightseeing bus stops over the road and taxis are cheap. Be warned that we were advised by one of the taxis drivers that they do not like to go to the hotel area of the city in the evening as the roads are grid locked. My overall opinion of the hotel is good size rooms, with excellent staff.	
Oct 15 2009 	quick getaway late deal	I had the best week of my life, truly awesome trip, i would highly recommend the hotel, spa and fantastic surroundings within the area of the hotel 	
Oct 13 2009 	very nice hotel with atmosphere many modern 5 * are missing	A great stay, nice clean room, good breakfast and I liked receiving service when needed and was left alone when I did not ask for any. The location is in the old city and just across of the Dubai museum and you can cross the river in small boat just about every 5 minutes to visit the gold souk and older part of Dubai. The new metro is must try out and a 15 minute walk as the closer station is not yet open. all in all I recommend this hotel and competent staff.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Value on Upgrade to executive Suite	My stay was a 5 day break/vacation from work. The hotel was just what i was looking for, quiet, friendly, service oriented, relaxing nice restaurant(s) and bar, centered within Dubai for quicker access to all sightseeing locations. What i liked the best was the great bargain on the price by upgrading to the executive suite. I wanted a breakfast, internet and a nice room. The executive suite upgrade gave me access to the executive lounge which gave me a free breakfast every day which was very good, not just your bagels and or muffins; they had a huge variety of items to chose from. Also, the upgrade gave me free unlimited internet, 3 free drinks in the executive lounge in the evenings with snacks. Additionally i liked the Sherlock holmes pub, the staff was very friendly and the live band was excellent. Me and my friend closed the place most nights. I only ate at the Silk rose restuarant and thier service was outstanding, i felt like a king and the food (Tai/chineese) was great. Didnt try the other restuarant. The bar food was typical british and also very nice.The price was cheaper than most other 4 star hotels even with the upgrade. It was a 4 star hotel, but it was very nice, especially at the price. If you like a quiet, friendly place at a very good price, then i recommed the Arabiyan courtyard, specifically upgrading to the executive suite.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great service	I stayed at the Arabian Courtyard for two nights when I was in Dubai. The room was very comfortable and the bed was excellent for a great night sleep. One of the members of the staff helped me out to contact a tour operator I had contacted on line and the same person helped me get a space to go have breakfast at the Burj Al Arab. They were very helpful. The hotel is in front of the Dubai Museum and very close to some touristic places, but it is far from the New Part of Dubai, where the Burj Al Arab is.	
Oct 9 2009 	Arabian by night Arabian by stay...	We loved our stay. The hotel was typical arabian! Not like a bland hotel in any city in the world. The staff were very pleasant and extremely attentative to all our needs.Booking extra activities was done by hotel staff with much grace.Sherlock Holmes Bar was friendly and the breakfast buffet menu was absolutely delicious. The rooms were spacious and the beds were comfortable.You will most definitely enjoy your stay.Peter and Cherie from Sydney Australia	
Oct 7 2009 	lovely place right in the centre staff excellent	Can only add praise to the earlier comments.Staff were friendly and helpful.English pub was more than adequate after a busy day.Location, right next to the creek, great for getting about.Supermarket 50 yards away, makes things a little easier on the pocket.Room and breakfast, lovely.Word of warning, the local mosque can surprise you with the 4.45 am prayer session, but just added to the whole experience for us.Thank you to all the staff for a lovely 2 night stay.	
Oct 7 2009 	Hotel is excellent but service is bad	I just stayed for a day in and Executive room, my ordeal started from the check in which was very slow next nobody accompanied to the room which is the normal norm for any executive room guest and had to search for the lights and aircondition switches. The response from the staff was very slow, I had requested for a shaving kit which came after three reminders and one hour later. At the executive lounge while having breakfast i had asked for a tea and the waitress disappeared and came after 15 minutes and after reminding her i finally got the tea. Overall experience service is pathetic in Executive rooms god only knows how it will be in standard rooms, but I have to mention that the location is good and the property is very neat and clean, everything is fine except for service.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good value for money	I stayed in the hotel for the first time. I found it good value for money. I arrived at 3am at the hotel.They said that they had no rooms available and sat in the foyer until 7am. Luckily I paid the early booking fee and got my room before 8am. Michael was on duty at the Starbucks at the time of my arrival, what a pleasant guy, I think they should rather put him at reception, as the girl at reception wasn't very friendly. I was happy with the room. The quilt was folded in the cupboard so I never got a picture of what the room really look like. Due to the value of the rand I used public transport, I found the hotel a bit far away from the Metro. I am sure that the hotel staff get commision from the taxi drivers as they didn't really suggest other ways of transport. get a nol card as soon as you arrive in Dubai. Busses and the Metro is very cheap then, you can even use the water bus. The ice machine was always empty I would suggest machines on every floor. The guy at the pool reception was friendly and it was wonderful to cool down after a long day. All in all it was a pleasant experience!	
Oct 4 2009 	Ideal hotel in good location	This was a 40th birthday pressie for me and it was the best pressie ever. To &amp; From AirportWe got a taxi and they were plentiful, well run so you don't have to queue for ages or flag one down. Turn left when you come out of airport and taxi rank is there. It cost us 36 Dhs (about £6) to the hotel and was about a 15 min drive. The hotel does offer a shuttle but it is more than a taxi. Going back to the airport, we argued for all those travelling on the KLM flight that returns at midnight, as the return shuttle is free but the times were no good for us. We spoke to Grace, the Front House Manager, and she arranged our free shuttle back to airport for 9pm..result! If you don't ask you don't get.HotelAbsolutely spot on..we got upgraded to a deluxe room as it was my birthday. The rooms were spacious, bed sheets were changed every day, own dressing gown, slippers and toiletries plus kettle with coffee/tea that was replenished every day, hairdryer was in desk draw. Note there are no handles to open the windows, they said it was to keep the aircon working at optimum but my other half gets claustrophobic so we managed to get a handle from the maintenance guy after mentioning it to the guy who brought the cases up. We had a view of Dubai museum and the mosque which was great for people watching too. The road out front does get busy but we didn't hear any noise and had a good nights sleep every night. The breakfast was excellent, full english plus egg chef who will also do pancakes and waffles on request. Also continental, fresh fruit, cereals etc. It does get busy about 9.15am as we had to queue one day (breakfast in Bastikya restaurant) so go a bit earlier or after 9.30am.Sherlock Holmes pub had the best lager prices around, 28Dhs for a pint of Stella plus emtertainment. We also had a curry one night in the Indian which was a bit expensive. We didn't try the Chinese.The pool area was very disappointing, it was a small pool with only a few beds available and wasn't that well maintained ( loose rail getting out of pool).LocationOpposite Dubai museum and only a 10 min walk to the Creek where you can get an Abra water taxi across to other side where the Gold and Spice Souks are. It cost 1Dhs and it was an experience I can tell you..well worth a go. The hotel do have a courtesy bus to Jumeriah beach park. It leaves at 9.45am and picks you up at 1.45pm. It took about 20 mins approx, shame it wasn't a bit nearer.Loads of shops nearby, not too many restaurants as all based in the hotels but we did try Shawarmas a few nights which are lovely. There was a place on the right that did them and not expensive.Getting aroundWe did the Big Bus Tour and got a 2 day ticket. You can catch it opposite the hotel. If you want to see all the sights and get your bearings then this is a good tour to do as it gives you an idea of places to revisit and how far they are. Other than that we used the taxis which were very reasonable. We walked just past the hotel to get one.Places to visitOf course, the Burj Al Arab hotel which can be seen from the public beach ( a stop on the bus tour). We also visited it at night, it was spectacular all lit up. The 1km Burj tower which is frighteningly high! We also went for a drink in the Emirates tower, the Vu bar is on the 51st floor..amazing but you will pay £6 for half a lager but you do get free mini snacks. Dubai mall which has the huge aquarium and waterfall, Karama village and souk where you will find copy items galore and surprisingly good was Dubai museum right on your hotel doorstep. You get a free entry ticket with the bus tour.Overall, the hotel was in an ideal location, the breakfast and room service were excellent and the rooms were more than adequate. The only downside was it not being closer to the beach and the pool area was quite poor.	
Oct 4 2009 	Exceeded our expectations...	We had a 3 day stopover on way back to Australia. This hotel exceeded our expectations in every way. Being given an upgrade to an executive suite was an added bonus but the hotel was excellent in every respect. The rooms are clean, spacious and very well appointed. The hotel staff are excellent and very friendly. They were genuinely happy to answer all our queries and knew the touristy things very well. The amenities in the hotel were first rate and the breakfast was exceptional.This is not a swanky brand new hotel but is furnished in an Arabian style which is perfectly suited to its location in the old part of Dubai. It is 50 mtrs from the Dubai Museum - which at 3 Dhr (AU$1) entry fee must be the best value museum on the planet - and a casual and very interesting stroll to the Bur Dubai Souk and the Abra stations.Taxis were cheap and readily available at all times of the day and night. The hotel have a courtesy bus to the beach which includes a complementary beach pack with a towel and mat. (Give the beach a go if you have time - the water is incredible).Try the new Metro which has just opened. Although many of the stations are not yet open it is very cheap and &quot;user friendly&quot; and an excellent way of sigtseeing from an above ground rail track.Catch the Abra to the Gold Souk and other markets but allow plenty of time to look around and dont be afraid to haggle!3 days is not nearly enough time to enjoy Dubai and we will certainly spend more time here on our next trip. We would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending this hotel and will most certainly stay here again. Whilst there are many more expensive hotels in Dubai you will be very hard pressed to find a better place than the Arabian Courtyard in this price range. 10 out of 10 as far as we are concerned.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great place for a stopover	We stayed at Arabian Courtyard on our way to Oz in July (two nights) and again on our return to UK in Sept 09 (two nights). This is a lovely hotel and we enjoyed out stay on both occasions. The staff are really caring and helpful. The breakfast was well presented with a good selection of food on offer. The hotel is in a good location near the centre of the old town with easy access to the river and water taxi's. Also opposite the Dubai museum and near the Bastakia heritage centre (art exhibitions in the heart of Dubai, jewellery and cafe's).	
Oct 1 2009 	old fashioned arabian style hotel good value but poor maintenance	I loved this hotel because of the old style arabian feel, the bedrooms had caracter and were very pretty, the area is very central bur dubai down town, a big difference to my usual upscale hotels but it was alot better than the le meridien on airport road, the only down side i had was the bath and toilet kept constantly blocking, and took hours to empty, we did complain about this but nothing was repaired, i would recommend this hotel if you prefer the old side of dubai, great for museum etc and souk shopping, but i still prefer the al murooj rotana on sheikh zayed road.........	
Sep 29 2009 	What A Fabulous Hotel..	On my return to Dubai i will definetley stay at this hotel.. Amazing and friendly staff.Breakfast facilities were wonderful.Very clean hotel rooms.	
Sep 24 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	Stayed in a family room for three nights after flying in from Europe. It's a great hotel right in the heart of the old parts of Dubai, about 15 minutes drive from the airport and right across the road from the Dubai Museum. About 10 minutes walk away is the textile souk and the Dubai Creek, if you're willing to brave the heat.Loved this hotel to bits. The room was HUGE! There was a living area linked to the bedroom proper, which in itself was very large.The family room is actually a big big bed for two in the bedroom and a couch-bed in the living area, which is actually very comfortable to sleep in. There are TVs in each room and the toilet has a big big bath. There was also a kitchenette with a sink, a kettle and a microwave - very useful to us, since we arrived at 1am. Staff are very helpful and always pleasant.Breakfast was lovely, with a good variety of cold and hot food. The location was really good because the Museum makes it easy for cab drivers to find it. The rooms were spotlessly clean every day and the airconditioning really made the room freezing which is a definite plus!We'll definitely stay here again if we're ever in Dubai - it's got to be one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in in all our travelling.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location great staff	If you don't want one of the 'flash' hotels that Dubai is famous for then this one is ideal. Situated in a lively area ideal for shopping the Arabian Courtyard is a clean and comfortable hotel with a bit of character. Couple of good restaurants are in the hotel but it is easy and cheap to get a cab to anywhere else in Dubai. It is 10 minutes walk,through a very interes ting souk , to the Creek where a trip on an Abra is a must!The hotel is right opposite the Dubai Museum and is in the heart of the clothing souk. Some great bargains to be had. Great staff. Swimming pool very small but ideal if you are on business and only have time for a quick dip in the evening. Didn't have chance to try the spa but heard it was good.	
Sep 23 2009 	This hotel was excellent service was always efficient and friendly	We arrived early in the morning we were greeted with warm and friendly service they made an effort to try and get us a room as we had travelled overnight from Mauritius, we were given coffee and while we were drinking this we were given a room which was a blessing as we were very tired. The service in all the restuarants and bar were excellent any question on the city or hotel were answered with no problem could not fault this hotel at all well done to all staff they made our holiday a pleasure.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent hotel would stay again and recommend.	The staff at the hotel were friendly, helpful and professional. Nothing was too much of a problem. The room was spacious and very clean. The advise I recieved about Ramadan was very useful and the hotel iftar buffet was a tasty selection of local cusine. Breakfast was good, I had to leave before the restaurant opened and I was able to have tea and pastries at the coffee shop instead of breakfast. I would recommend this hotel and would use it again on a stay in Dubai.The Concierge was helpful in regards to suggestions on what to do for a day in Dubai. As a woman travelling alone I felt safe. The location was central. Taxis were easy to obtain.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent hotel for price	Arrived at the hotel at 9am to be told check in wasnt until 2pm which we actually knew. We was told that they would do there best to give us the room as soon as possible. We went for breakfast in the hotel which cost 60 dir per person which was good value as there was no limits to the amount or what you wanted.At 11 am we was given our room with no extra charge. The rooms are of a good size and were clean. The only problem with this hotel was although there was a resturant extra in the hotel there wasnt many other places in the area to get a meal unless you like kfc everynight.However everything else you need was there dont let kfc put you off	
Sep 19 2009 	Superb and friendly service	I arrived for the weekend of 22 August with my young son to meet up with relatives travelling from Australia and accompanied by a friend. Upon arrival we were greeted in a friendly way and our keys to rooms allocated swiftly. Room service was fast and internet service efficient. Reception staff were absolutely excellent as were everyone else. My friend then went to stay at another hotel (already booked) but after only two days returned to the Arabian Courtyard as it was so much better, especially the service.	
Sep 3 2009 	absolutely brilliant!	stayed at the arabian courtyard august 2009,absolutely brilliant! staff could not do enough for you! rooms were spotless and cleaned daily,even leaving you complimentary bottles of water,which were needed! only down side was no balcony,but in the heat you can understand why!! sherlock holmes english pub was good,and the chinese was excellent!! breakfast was ok, but our room just had a view of the roof! panoramic lift is amazing! was great to ride up to all floors!! also ice bucket,with ice machine available on several floors,again very welcome in the heat!dubai itself was awesome,you've got to see it to believe it! only thing is don't go in august it is way too hot,you have got to go then to realise what i mean,on the wednesday it was 45 degrees,which someone said was about 114!! the heat when you go out is unbelievable its just like walking into an oven!! however all hotels and shops are fully air conditioned so you can always do lots of shopping!! don't miss the bigbus tour absolutely brilliant,it takes you to all the sights in dubai,not to be missed are mall of the emirates wre you won't believe the ski dubai they have in there,a massive inside ski resort with real snow!! also dubai mall with outstanding waterfalls and aquarium,and the outside is something else! views are amazing!! don't miss the burj arab,jumeriah beach and the atlantis hotels!! they are in aclass of their own!! the arabian courtyard is an excellent base for explorin all these sights and many more,too many to mention! a walk along the creek is also a must especially of an evening,when you can have a meal on the boats!! cannot mention everything about this holiday or i'd be here all week,but if you get the chance go you will never have such a great experience in your life!! the only thing is if you like plenty of bars and drinks you're out of luck,because the only place you'll get alcohol is in hotels and any restaurants you find only sell soft drinks! or you could do like us and get your booze from your departure airport so you've got a drink of a night! but believe me its worth sacrificing your alcohol for such a great place for your holiday!! highly recommended and many thanks to all at the arabian courtyard,keep up the good work!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	lovely traditional hotel - already booked again!	This was my first time in Dubai and I loved it immensely. This hotel was fantastic - we arrived early but instead of making us wait for our room we got a free upgrade to an executive room. We even got a free massage in the gorgeous and clean spa. The pool was great but beware the shallow end is very...shallow! The concierges were extremely helpful and informative and I loved the man out the front in the traditional costume. Endured extremely hot conditions but always had a smile on his face. Breakfast was delicious, American &amp; local with a gorgeous view. Can't wait to try the terrace bar and the convenient English pub this time round.	
Aug 30 2009	Best mini-break hotel i have possibly ever stayed in	I went away for a long birthday weekend with my mother. The hotel was stunning, rooms were a nice size and spotlessly clean, huge bathroom, lots of freebie shampoo etc (always important if you have the same packing skills as me!) The hotel breakfasts were delicious and with it being ramadaan it enabled us to fill ourselves so we didn't have to eat again til after Iftar, as most restaurants shut during the day. Pool area was lovely and clean, pub was nice (although smoky - if you are not a smoker we recommend you sit in the snug around the corner) and downstairs starbucks did fantastic salads and nibbles. It would have been nice to have some proper tables downstairs, and the health spa was pretty dear so we only took advantage of the complimentary message. Lovely location for seeing old dubai but be prepared to splurge on taxis if you want to go further afield. Recommend the bus trip outside hotel for tour of dubai. Museum only across the road and very interesting, be sure to visit!10/10!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Delightful hotel.	Delightful hotel. we spent 6 nights and got a room with a view on top floor. Really enjoyed watching the activity at the mosque, on the river and the streets. My husband worked, and I explored and shopped. a perfect location for all of that. a great stay. We have traveled all over the world and with is a great value for Dubai.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent Value in Bur Dubai	This hotel is really excellent. It is well managed, clean, and for us (not for everyone), a great location. This hotel is in the old section of Dubai, across the street from the wonderful historical museum, and a short walk to the wonderful street markets, call souks. If you are looking for the fancy 7 star hotels in Dubai, this is not one of them, but if you want a great hotel experience in the most interesting part of the city, this hotel is it.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel in the heart of Dubai!!	i am writing from my room at Arabian Courtyard hotel and spa during my 4th nigth here.a realy very good hotel in the heart of dubai.plus point s are much1) it is a very clean hotel 2) it is luxurious 4 star + hotel (many facilities pool,masaz,bar,restorants,internet ets.)3) staff is proffesional and always ready to help with a big smile!4) value for money 5) fantastic bar and restorant s6) but the best of this hotel for me is the area in the heart of dubai with walking distant to the shops,the litlle boats to take you to the other area of dubai(deira) and next to souks.the taxi also is very easy to find to the door of this hotel!! very important...rates are reasonable (burjuman mall 10 dirham - 2 euro, dubai mall 30-35 dirham -6 euro, ) the only negative is the price of the internet, but all the other makes it the perfect place for Dubai this is my 3rd time in Dubai and my 1rst time in the Arabian Courtyard hotel &amp; spa and for sure i will be back here in my next tryp.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent - Will be back.	Great location, great hotel and great staff. We had a fantastic time here at this hotel. We booked it due to it being a lot more traditional hotel rather than all the new builds I have to stay in with my job. Right in the heart of old Dubai, about 3 mins walk to creek and the water buses that run from there. It's opposite the museum (which was surprisingly good). The museum is also on the &quot;Big Bus Company&quot; tour, if you're into that, so you can hop on / off there. It also has a free courtsey shuttle to the airport, which we didn't realise and was a nice extra. We got taxi to the hotel and the shuttle back. My wife &amp; I were the only ones booked into the shuttle, so when we arrived ten mins later two of the attentive staff whisked our cases into the boot and we were off.We found staff helpful. We had booked an early check in which cost somewhere around 30 GBP for us both. I arrived at 6am and we were given a non smoking room instantly with no hassle. Our early check in fee included free breakfast for us both. The breakfast was really good - pleantiful buffet, with choice of full English, contintial or traditional.I used their website to book directly and didn't experience any of the below problems in prior reviews - maybe this has been resolved, or I got lucky? Anyway, I hope to return to Dubai and plan to stay here next time too.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Place to stay	We stayed at the Arabian Courtyard for 5 days and had a great time. Service was so great and the staff were so friendly and helpful. Rooms cleaned everyday and free water supplied daily. Breakfasts and Sherlock Holmes Pub within the Hotel was terrific. Meals were able to be obtained very late at night. Rooms large and well set out. while pool is only of moderate size, it was a great place to sun bath and relax. Great value for money and was better than we expected.	
Aug 7 2009 	Just gorgeous! Will definitely be back!	Stayed in this hotel with my wife, for our first trip to Dubai. The hotel could not have done any more to make us feel welcome. We got checked in earlier at no extra cost due to our flight arriving very early in the morning. Shortly after we got to our room, there was a knock at the door, and there was a hotel porter with a cake for us, as I had told them previously that our stay coincided with our wedding anniversary! How nice!The room was great, overlooking the museum. Very clean, and the housekeeping staff were always really friendly and very courteous, and also EXTREMELY honest. We came back one day to find a 20 dirham note on our bedside cabinet that had obviously fallen out of a pocket or purse onto the floor. The housekeeper had found it and left it for us.The pool is great. We went every day and there were always other travellers there, and we all shared stories of what we'd done that day, or what we were going to do the next day, and got loads of ideas from each other. Very sociable, and never overcrowded. The bars in the hotel were also very nice, and teh staff, as with everywhere else in the hotel, were really friendly. The english bar, Sherlock Holmes was a nightly haunt for us, and we were surprised at just how good the english food they served was.Overall, this hotel contributed massively to making our first trip to Dubai such a special one. We've travelled around the world a fair bit over the last few years, but can't remember many other places where we've been made to feel so welcome. It was like we were guests in their house, rather than just paying customers. We can't wait to go back!Darren &amp; Rani Greaves	
Aug 6 2009 	Great value and well located hotel	We spent 7 nights here and really enjoyed our stay. It proved more than adequate for our needs for what we considered good value for money. We paid extra for a Creek view and an early check in (c. £30) following an overnight flight. We also took the breakfast option, the buffet catered for all needs, particularly noting that there aren't many places nearby where you can get something similar. We also used the restaurant in the evening on a couple of occasions, which served up really nice food at reasonable prices when compared to other restaurants on the Jumeriah beach resort. Couldn't understand why it wasn't more popular as there were only a handful of people in.Pool area more than adequate with a number of sunbeds available and complimentary towels provided.Service was excellent and staff couldn't do enough for us.Really well located hotel in the more traditional part of Dubai. All the attraction are readily accessible given the cheap taxis. A taxi to Burjaman Mall 12 dirham (£2) and Jumeriah (Burj area) 50 dirham (£9) .Would definitely recommend this hotel as a value for money alternative.	
Aug 5 2009 	Definitely Bed Bugs in the room	My partner and I read some reviews and decided to stay there in May. On my first night I had a severe skin irritation. I let it go on this night but on the second night I could not stand it anymore. I was itching all over my body and the manager offered me the hotel taxi to get antihistamine from a chemist. He also moved us to another room but stated that there were no bed bugs. The rest of my stay was comfortable but I would not recommend the hotel to anyone. My room with bed bugs was on the fourth floor.	
Jul 28 2009 	Bad checkin experience	We booked this hotel because it offered a guaranteed checkin 6 hours before the usual check-in...at a price which we happily paid. This was useful because we arrived in Dubai after a 14 hour flight. Also, prior to booking, we contacted the hotel because we'd heard stories about the smoking rooms. Many hotels offered non-smoking rooms but would not gaurantee it. We contacted the hotel before confirming the booking to advise them that I suffer from asthma so it was important that we have a smoke free room as the stench of smoke could cause irritation and make things a little difficult for me. They were nice enough to confirm a non-smoking room due to my circumstances and I have the email to prove it.The problems started on arrival as they said that a room was not available even though we'd paid for the early checkin. We arrived at 6am so I understand that we were early for the early checkin which I understand is from 8am. So this wasn't really a problem for me. I understood that I had to wait until 8am.During th checkin process, they advised that the room would be ready in a lttile while and I asked to confirm the non-smoking room...they said that it was a smoking room. I advised them that we'd contacted the hotel before making the booking to confirm that we could be gauranteed a non-smoking room. They advised that no rooms were available at this time and offered me a smoking room which was immediately available. We walked to the run to see if we could get by but weren't able to take a step into the room because the stench of cigar / cigarette smoke was incredible. We retruned to reception area where I asked for a refund as they weren't able to provide me a non-smoking room. Amazingly, within 15 minutes, we were in a non-smoking room which was quite nice and roomy. I don't understand why this room wasn't made available to us when we first arrived at the hotel. Nobody had checked out in the time that we were in reception so this room must have been available when we arrived.Apart from the above experience, we had to ask that the towels be replaced because they were dirty. It looked like they'd dropped off the cleaners cart and were run over by the wheels.The room itself was quite big and clean and the hotel location was fine. Apart from the checkin experience, staff were courteous and helpful. The pub attached to the hotel is quite good and offers pub style meals.I'd recommend this hotel to smokers...others should be weary...I just don't understand why they lied to us on checkin.	
Jul 22 2009 	A nice and pleasant hotel with good resteraunts	We booked in to have a look at Dubai before flying on to Australia. We were made welcome and the check in was smooth. The staff at the hotel could not do enough for us, even insisting on walking to the museum to buy tickets for us (it is only 200 meters away!). The Chinese resteraunt was excellent and Nurit, our waiter was very helpful and funny.The air con is also a Godsend.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great position pity about some of the staff	This could be a good hotel if the front desk female staff showed the same committment to customer service as the all night waiter in the little Starbucks cafe in the hotel. We arrived early morning, you don't expect a room at that time of morning. As you are tired after a all night flight you expect good customer service and if possible the best staff can do for you. As it was at 6am we were greeted well and by a male receptionist told that he would do all he could to get us a room and just wait in the coffee shop and we would be told when a room was available. 2 hours later we were still sitting there. The only joy was the very friendly and helpful night waiter who was ever so helpful. The female staff at reception now although told about us could not care less. If you want an early room pay extra otherwise wait. Now if I had have been told that two hrs earlier all would be well but the ambivalent way we were treated is not forgiveable. Otherwise this hotel is reasonable ad fair value. There would be a lot better hotels in Dubai but this one is well positioned all it has to do is educate the staff re customer service and all will be well.	
Jul 21 2009 	Good Hotel but dont book thru their website	Hotel is good and they have some great offers in these lean times.But beware - DO NOT BOOK thru their website.I had a similar experience as 'Happybumbum' who had written earlier.I had booked the prepayment special two weeks in advance thru their website for a 3-nite stay.They billed my credit card immediately and they blocked a similar amount as well. This is akin to charging double.I wrote to them immediately and they said it was a mistake and it will be cancelled.We had a wonderful stay at the hotel except for this. When i asked at the desk, they said it has already been cancelled.Well, it has been two weeks now, and it is not yet reflected in my credit card details.So, wonderful hotel, but dont use their website for booking.	
Jul 19 2009 	Value for Money	Reasonably priced middle of the road hotel. Rooms were a good size and spotlessly clean. Staff very helpful. I had an early check in booked and got my room an hour earlier than scheduled. Location is great, across the road from museum and a short walk to boat ferry and the Gold Souk. Dubai however less than impressive, and was glad I only had a brief 2 day stop over. Try to avoid Dubai in their summer - it was hot, 43C in the shade.	
Jul 15 2009 	THE PLACE TO STAY.	When somebody on holiday they expect every thing perfect with value for money.This hotel fills the bill.Cheerful well trained staff.Period setting through out the hotel.Cleansyness in room and restaurants.Starbuck coffee bar in lobby.Directly oposite the musume..In heart of well known Mina Bazar.Walking distance to most aminities including little boat crossing[a must]I WILL NOT HESITATE TO RECOMEND TO ANYBODY.Internet is not included in most roomIts bit expensive at 50 AED a day.Family suit do have free internet..Masum Karolia.York's.U.K.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location and base	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and have to say I had a great stay...great service.The room was clean and well presented and every day was refreshed with toiletries and bottles of waterThe decor was of arabic origin and the beds were clean and very comfortable.I tried all the restaurants in the hotel and they all served good food and the staff couldnt do enough for you.The internet service was included in my room rate and was very reliable.The outdoor pool area was on the small side but nice with comfy beds and clean towels provided.	
Jul 13 2009 	Glad we chose Arabian Courtyard Hotel	We searched a long time to find a good value hotel to accommodate our family of four, basically somewhere to rest our heads while visiting relatives in Dubai. We were also looking for a location with a bit of local colour, and not the 'plastic fantastic' hotels in Jumeriah where we have stayed before. The Arabian Courtyard fulfilled all our criteria, being oppposite the Museum, and near the hustle and bustle of the creek and gold and spice souks. Check-in was swift and friendly at 1am on a Sunday. The standard rooms were both good with kingsize beds and had all the extras you could want, including mini bar, safe, complimentary robes and slippers, etc. even an ironing board. The buffet breakfast had a good choice of hot and cold food with excellent service and plenty of tea and coffee. We had hired a car and therefore appreciated the valet parking. All the staff were friendly and willing to help, whatever time of day. The pool area is smallish, but it was too hot for sunbathing anyway at 42 degs C. Two of us enjoyed relaxing massages in the wellness spa. We also enjoyed the best Thai food we have experienced outside Thailand in the Silk Route restaurant. Check-out was also painless. All-in all a good experience and we would be happy to stay there again.	
Jul 5 2009 	good hotel to start with but ended in dissapointment	great hotel to start with fast easy check in room clean and tidy, until i found out my acc was almost charged double on what i booked upon, when i asked the reception staff about this the following day they advised me its like a bond that they hold and return once i check out, well its been over 4 days and nothing returned to me yetBE AWARE about this as i sighted NO paper work describing that they charge this extra amount or signed any paper work confirming they can do this. very dissapointing as like any visa or debit/credit card gets charged an internetional admin fee to use overseas because they withdrew a larger amount i was charged double in admin fee!! very dissapointing and im still waiting for an explination from then about this situationall my family have stayed at the arabian courtyard and spa and none had this charge so its either a mistake or a change for the worse in managementat the checkout the same reception staff assured me this extra amount will be refunded back to my acc ASAP its been 4 days and NOTHING ??BEWARE TRAVELLERS!!P.S. DIAL UP INTERNET not good it took 6 minutes to load 3 pages very slack!! and you have to pay 30DHR to use their steam room very sad	
Jul 1 2009 	Friendly Hotel	I can recommend the Arabian Courtyard Hotel. The rooms were very nice in the Arabian theme, and clean. Breakfast was good and the staff were very friendly . The hotel is handy for the Museum, Red Bus, and you can catch a small boat across the river to the gold souk.	
Jul 1 2009 	price perfect stay perfect	I needed a less expensive yet elegant hotel where I could sleep between flights and enjoy Dubai--this was perfect. Arrived very early in the morning, and they were not sure if my room was confirmed--so I was a little worried while I waited for an hour or so by the pool...but then they notified me of the booking and gave me a very very nice upgrade to a higher category room. From then on I felt the hotel was extremely professional and pleasant to deal with.The rooms are refined with a little arabian feel...and the hotel is within walking distance of museum (which is better than I thought--and I recommend it also), and the river. Also next to a lot of Indian restaurants, etc. which is nice.I also recommend that you take their safari-camel-belly dancing evening tour. I'm not usually into this kind of thing but being in the desert is beautiful, and althought the camel aspect of it was a little pointless (2 minutes on a camel) the experience made me feel I was, in fact, deep in another arabian county...very nice. ANd worth the money.	
Jul 1 2009 	SIMPLY FANTASTIC. BEAUTIFUL ARABIAN THEMED ROOMS.	My partner and I just returned from Dubai, we spent one night at this hotel. Below is a summary of the pros and cons: PROS1. Rooms are unparalleled - spacious, tactfully decorated with antique Arab furniture and filled with any item you might have forgotten (i.e. combs, toothbrush, conditioner, razor, bathrobe, etc). 2. Service was excellent. Check-in was fast and efficient. 3. No noise. For a hotel on a busy road, we didn't hear anything and slept wonderfully!4. Shuttle service will take you to the airport for free, at 3 hour intervals, i.e. leaves at 6am, 9am, 12pm, etc. CONS1. Location. The hotel is not in the &quot;hip&quot;, new part of town or near any beaches. However it is in the historic part of town, near musuems (and a Big Bus stop), which is a nice contrast to the new part of town. And, taxis are relatively cheap. 2. Age. It doesn't have the biggest or sparkliest lobby, but what it lacks in grandeur, it makes up for with old fashioned class and service. SUMMARYI would certainly recommend this hotel and will stay here again next time in Dubai.	
Jun 28 2009 	Excellent Hotel that fills all your needs	Just back from a great holiday, Hotel was Excellent, will Definitely return to this hotel. The staff were very helpfull could not do enough for you, the Cleanliness off the Hotel was Excellent , The Breakfast was excellent for choice,The pool was a little on the small side but all we wanted to do was cool off so was okay for that. The Hotel runs a shuttle bus everyday to the beach &amp; provides a beach pack for you Free.It is situated quite central. It is walking distance to the Creek, directley over from the Musuim &amp; center of the Material Souk. No matter were your Hotel is in Dubai you have to Taxi there and back to were ever you go, as June the month we were there it is far to hot to walk, However there is the Big Bus and that is very good value for money it take you all over Dubai and you jump on &amp; off were you like and runs every half hour so you get a chance to see all the tourist sites.	
Jun 22 2009 	Better than expected	Overall I was very pleased with this hotel. I thought it was fantastic value for money. Easy check in and no problems with our stay or bill. After having 5 star hotels keep us waiting on the trip this place did well.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fantastic hotel with great staff.	We booked this hotel on the strength of reviews here. We wanted something in the old town, that would make life easy and allow us to relax. The Arabian Courtyard was excellent from our arrival (although our non-smoking room wasn't available for early check in we went and smelled the available smoking room, and it didn't smell at all so we took it!) to our departure. The view from the window was out over the Dubai museum and the local mosque. The staff were fantastic, and if anything a little over helpful! They checked on us every day to make sure we didn't need anything, and we ended up with more soap than we could store! The food in the hotel restaurants were excellent (we did something we don't normally do and ate a lot there due to our circumstances on this holiday, so I was mentally comparing to food you would get in a decent restaurant outside of a hotel, as I don't normally spend time in hotel restaurants!). I recommend the aromatherapy foot scrub in the spa - I fell asleep!So I can't recommend it highly enough if you are looking for a non-beach resort hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Pretty comfortable stay	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during one of my training programs. It was a rather comfortable experience where I found the service very much attentive. The only problem was that I could not get the no- smoking floor during 1st night as the other guest in adjoining room were smoking heavily causing me problem. But then on my request, I was given another room on no smoking floor &amp; the problem was resolved. The food ofered was of high quality &amp; the breakfast was hot &amp; well served.I prefer to stay there during next visits	
Jun 7 2009	Dubai: Arabian Courtyard  BurDubai - Hospitality is absolutely great.	My 3 days stay in this hotel was absolutely great. It is definitely value for money. Since it is just in front of Dubai museum, it is easy to get a taxi back to the hotel at any time..Also, the area is safe since it is in the heart of the city. And the hospitality is really very good. The transport desk is very helpful. Even after I checked out from the hotel, they helped me arrange a Arabian safari excursion and also helped me find a taxi back to airport.I definitely recommend this hotel for anybody looking for a comfortable stay in Dubai.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great value	Stayed here overnight as I was passing through the UAE. The hotel is just a short distance from Dubai creek, on the edge of the old historic heart of Dubai. There is easy access to the few cultural activities available in Dubai. The rooms are fairly spacious, especially for how inexpensive they are. The staff was extremely helpful, though they made several mistakes (charged me for internet when I was told it was included in the room rate; gave me a room with two twin beds instead of one queen bed, etc). There is a really nice English Pub inside the hotel that feels english, right down the the food, football on TV, and cider on tap.	
Jun 3 2009	Fantastic views location comfort and top service	My mother and I stayed here by accident the first time. We had booked at the Orient Guest House (across the street and down the block) where we were disappointed to hear that they had a problem with our room (a broken heater or AC, I believe). They said they would put us up at the Arabian Courtyard (must be the same owner) and originally I was hesitant since I didn't want to stay in a (relatively) high-rise hotel.However, we were so pleased with the Arabian Courtyard that we returned again a few weeks later! Because of the problem, they accommodated us on their Executive floor -with accompanying executive lounge with couches, internet, and serving complimentary breakfast and later drinks and snacks - and we had fantastic views of the creek, the Bur Dubai souk, the Dubai museum, Deira, from a high floor in relatively low Bur Dubai. The room was so classy and comfortable that we had trouble leaving!Returning, we were again treated like royalty, and I have only rave reviews of the tremendously helpful staff -from check-in (quick, helpful and accommodating), concierge (who called the bus station and wrote down the entire bus schedule for me), bellhop/room service (brought me power adaptors twice), executive lounge (gracious and thoughtful), to the spa and gym staff (who gave me a towel and yet me use the showers just before a midnight flight though we had checked out mid-day).This hotel, however, is not one of the shiny new ones in Dubai. It shows its age as a hotel built in the old quarter at some point between the transition from old to new Dubai. . . dating from around then 1970s, I'd guess. Which is why I liked it so much. I felt like I got a true Dubai experience.I would most certainly recommend this hotel to anyone staying on a budget of US $ 150 - 200/night. (Our budget was actually $100 - 150, but it was well worth the extra money for what we received and compared to other comparably priced places in Dubai.)	
Jun 3 2009 	Most Improved...	I stayed at AC a couple years back and obviously enjoyed it enough to return. I love the location and the hotel atmosphere...rustic, quiet and convenient...across from the Museum and on the less busy side of the creek, close to the souks. I was able to firm up a discounted rate for the Business Room (for a week), in line with the downturned economy. I noted the hotel itself had been upgraded since my first visit, but most noticable and appreciated was the improvement in the level of service. At every turn, all the staff....the reception, phone operator, internet service provider, chambermaids, the doorman, to the staff in the Executive Lounge....did their very best to make my stay pleasant, relaxing and memorable. The buffet breakfast and happy hour at the Executive Lounge was always a treat. The staff were top notch...and a cappuccino or a gin tonic at the end of a busy day was an excellent touch! Compared to the rates at some of the 5 star hotels, you do get value at AC. I look forward to returning to Dubai in the near future and will definitely stay at Arabian Courtyard again. I recommend it highly for short or long-term stay.	
Jun 1 2009 	This hotel is a gem	I had to come to Dubai on business and I brought my wife along with me. We found the hotel on Expedia. From the minute we drew up in the taxi till the day we left I could not fault anything in the hotel. We came off the flight at 06:30 in the morning and arrived by taxi, to be met at the hotel door by the porters. As we signee in we were given a welcome drink and really made to feel comfortable.The hotel was spotlessly clean, the service was second to none, indeed the staff pre-empted our needs by remembering what we took to eat or drink.We used the Chinese, Sherlock Holmes pub and the foyer to eat in the food was reasonably priced and very tasty. The pool was smallish but fine for our needs, and like the other staff the pool attendants were very attentive and looked after us from day 1.The hotel is located in the older part of Dubai, but very near to some really old shopping areas, where you can barter a really good bargain.The creek is only 5 minutes walk and well worth a trip across, the boat drivers can be as aggressive on the water as the drivers on the roads!!I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel !!	
May 28 2009 	Good Hotel 	Only ended up with 1 day/night here as part of our intended twin centre honeymoon (Emirates messed up flight as we should have been here a day earlier). We were upgraded to Deluxe room I think it is, overlooking museum and had cake/bottle of wine - a lovely touch. Hotel is in the middle of &quot;local&quot; part of Dubai so be prepared for the sound effects from the close by Mosques starting at 5 a.m (I know its the religion of the UAE but when you are on honeymoon last thing you really want is to be woken at that time). It didnt really effect us though, just making potential customers aware.Didnt have long to do much but I would recommend the Big Bus Tour - it picks up outside the museum (across the street) and we seen all the main sites of Dubai in a day on this trip (all be it very rushed). Bus costs £40 and is literally a hop on/off basis - brilliant trip!Breakfast was very good - included with our stay. Not sure it would be worth the £25 per day per couple tho if had to pre book. Didnt visit the restaurant but did look very nice.All in all a very good hotel and we are planning to return back to Dubai - most probably to this hotel (if price is right). Enjoy	
May 25 2009 	Best place to stay close to everything	My 4th trip to Dubai, stayed at the Arabian Courtyard with the wife on vacation. Best place I have stayed in Dubai so far, very central and close to the ONLY bargain shopping in Dubai, the hotel is in the &quot;Mena Bazar &quot; section of town. Many fun outdoor &quot;indian&quot; foood eating establishments, service at the hotel was great, excellant Breakfast Buffet. Pool a little small but this hotel has it all and decent rates. Very clean and comfortable room, internet cost a bit high but that is in every hotel. Nice pub to hang out and have a few drinks. Will stay there again.More on Dubai in my blog cruisinbob.com.	
May 17 2009 	Central for enjoying yourselves	We have been to Dubai for the last three years, for the last two we have stayed in Aparthotels in Bur Dubai, and this is the first time we have stayed in a hotel. The Arabian Courtyard &amp; Spa was very central in Bur Dubai for easy access to any of the attractions and a courtesy bus was available for the beach, this left at 9.45 and returned at 1.45. I don't think 4 hours in quite sufficient we stayed longer and returned in a taxi. The beauty salon was closed, apparently for renovation, the gift shop hardly anything in it. Not that anyone needed a gift shop and there are thousands of shops in this area, also it is very close to the Old Souk and Creek.The hotel is directly opposite the Dubai Museum and my husband, who is not a museum person spent some time here and thoroughly enjoyed the history of this most wonderful place.The pool area and sunbathing area was great, as two big fans were available to cool visitors down, these also sprayed fine water. This was needed as it was very hot in the Courtyard.One drawback to this hotel was there were no balconies only sealed windows, which after a long day by the pool or at the beach sometimes it is nice to sit and relax with a drink and soak up atmosphere.The Silk Route was an exceptional Thai restaurant. The food was the most amazing and the staff so friendly it encouraged you to go time and time again. Daily in fact.All in all we had a wonderful stay in this hotel and would recommend this to anyone who does not want a whole beach holiday.	
May 16 2009 	very good hotel a bit far from the malls but handy for airport	the staff were very good, the executive room hat we stayed in had free breakfast and bevvy (3 per night between certain hours). soft drinks and tea/coffee were free all the time and our room had free internet access which was pretty handy.the rooms were nice enough, good traditional furniture and spotless, but because of the dark mahogany furniture it appeared pretty dark, didn't put me off though. i just switched the lights on and opened the curtainsthe rooms were clean and the hotel did not overcharge for food which was nice to see. it was around a fiver for a pint which is pretty standard in the Gulf. i'm going back again in june. it's not amazing, but it's very good. the hotel is in 'downtown' Dubai (Bur Dubai - AKA Mumbai)	
May 16 2009 	Excellent location helpful staff	We really enjoyed staying at this hotel and found the bustling atmosphere of this neighbourhood an added bonus. The staff were very courteous and helpful. Breakfast offered a wide choice and was value for money. The rooms were clean and the AC maintained all areas of the hotel at a comfortable temperature. I had the pleasant surprise of a birthday cake courtesy of the hotel. I really did not experience anything negative during our stay and look forward to staying at this hotel if I do visit Dubai again.Nike.	
May 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel and wonderfully warm welcome	My husband and I are just back from Dubai and spent 4 wonderful days at the Arabian Courtyard Hotel &amp; Spa. The attention to detail was superb. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room overlooking the Dubai Museum plus other extras. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the hotel was very clean and the room wonderfully comfortable to relax in after a day in 40 plus degree heat. The location is great as well if you're not after just a beach holiday. We'd definitely go again.	
May 11 2009 	Lovely Hotel and great location well worth staying there	We only had a short stopover and were very impresses with the Hotel and Service of all the staff. Even though our flight was 3 hours late we were warmly welcomed at 4am and upgraded to a Deluxe room. The room was lovely and clean and had everything we needed and more. The bathroom was modern, clean and well supplied with toiletries and good quality towels. Our room overlooked the Dubai Museum which is worth visiting. We chose this hotel mainly for the Price, Location to the Creek and nearness to the airport. Taxi fare was around 40dir	
May 9 2009 	Good hotel good location friendly service	I definitely made a good choice after reading reviews about all the hotels in Dubai. The location was superb for people wish to do lots of shopping. I was there for business trips, so left the hotel in the morning and came back late in the evening. Since the location was within minutes from the textile souks and the abra station, I managed to do the shopping despite the tight schedule. Since I came with 2 other collegues and booked 2 rooms, we were upgraded to executive suite with no extra charge with complementary internet use and free ue of the executive lounge with free drinks all day long. Lucky us....	
May 7 2009 	ideally located a hidden gem you wouldn't expect to find	I selected this hotel for its location, as it is in Bur Dubai, next to the Dubai Museum ( yes they do have one!) I was staying by myself and wanted to be near the shops and the Creek. It is modern, with a traditional decor, clean, efficient, buzzing, there is an upbeat atmosphere and you can tell it is popular, they have won various awards. All guests also receive a complimentary 10 min neck and shoulder massage in the spa. There is a beautiful spa there, they have a small outdor pool also. I would definateley return if i was to stay in Bur Dubai. The rooms are clean, airy, open, just make sure you request a non-smoking room if you're a non-smoker.	
May 6 2009 	Great combination of friendliness and professionalism	We stayed here in the first week of May 2009. I had booked the hotel in February and had managed to get a really good deal on the room rate. Arriving from London at around 09:30, it wasn't possible to check-in until 14:30 but the hotel organised for us to have a complimentary shower and freshen up in the leisure club and to leave our bags with the concierge. They also make other arrangements for guests who arrive early.The hotel is situated literally across the road from the Dubai Museum in the old part of town, which has huge character. Last time I stayed in Dubai, about 4 years ago, I was in the far more sterile newer part of town. Arabian Courtyard's location is easy for hopping on the city tour bus and for visiting the many souks in the area. We had great views of the creek from our 8th floor room. And although it is on a busy street, it is certainly not noisy.It is definitely worth paying a little more for the Executive Room, which we did. For this, you get access to the Exec Lounge where complimentary tea, coffee, juices and pastries etc are served all day. At night, there is a two-hour &quot;Happy Hour&quot; where complimentary drinks and canapes are served. Breakfast, which is included in the Executive Club rate, is also served in the Exec Lounge.The staff are all exceptionally well-trained, helpful and friendly. On one occasion, the card reader that controlled the lights in my room started playing up. I called reception and a technician was dispatched within less than two minutes, rectifying the problem quickly and efficiently.There's a wide variety of restaurants and other facilities that I would normally only associate with a 5-star hotel.And you can't miss the doorman at the front of the hotel--he's a magnificent gentleman, wonderfully attired in an &quot;Aladdin-type&quot; costume with pointy shoes who knows absolutely everything about the surrounding area and beyond.In short, this excellent hotel combines big-hotel amenities with boutique-hotel warmth and friendliness. What a great combination!	
May 3 2009 	locationvaluequality	right hotel right quality for walking old dubai and the creek.Excellent quality excellent value with friendly helpful staff.A hotel with all you would need from the swimming pool restaurants and very good size and quality rooms.If we go back to Dubai we will happily stay there again.	
May 3 2009 	Definitely not worth it	My parents stayed in this hotel in May 2008 as part of a Dubai stopover en route from India. I am surprised that this hotel is rated 4 star as I found the furnishings and service shabby. The sheets on the beds had holes, the carpet was dusty and tired looking and the staff were largely disinterested.	
May 1 2009 	Great Location in Old Dubai	I stayed in this hotel for 4 days on my way to the UK. I upgraded to the executive level with views over the city and was not disappointed. The Arabian Courtyard hotel is in a good location across from the Dubai Museum, and a short walk away from the textile souks and the abra's to get across the river to the gold and spice souks.The rooms are a good size (although the bathroom could have been bigger), the bed is comfortable, shower is hot and the room is clean. The advantage with the Executive floor is that you get internet connection, breakfast and snacks throughout the day.My only complaint would have to be the slow check-in. After arriving after an overnight flight, all you want to do is get to your room, and you are quite impatient to get served (especially if you have booked an early check in).I would definitely recommend this hotel to any other travellers.	
Apr 24 2009 	A fabulous hotel with fabulous staff	At first we thought the hotel was a bit out of the way, but that's Dubai, everything is so vast and spaced out, everything is a taxi ride away. The hotel itself is excellent, and the staff very friendly and helpfull, they couldn't do enough. The facilities are top class too, except for the pool, it is a little small and does catch quite a bit of shade in the middle part of the day, but that's my only negative point. The restaraunts are superb, and the entertainment in the Sherlock Homes pub was spot on. Overall I thought it was a 10 out of 10 experience.	
Apr 19 2009 	Pleasant experience for those seeking more true Dubai location	The hotel's location is what really distinguishes it from many other Dubai hotels. It is in the center of Bur Dubai, close to the Creek and the Dubai fabulous markets and heritage villages (plus an interesting Dubai Museum, is just in front of the hotel). If you stay in this hotel, you will experience more true Dubai, as it was in the past and where current expatriates live and trade. If you would like great Arabic atmosphere and food walk up along the creek to the heritage village for a very late dinner (not earlier than 10PM) and enjoy food and shisha among locals, Arabs, which are hardly seen elsewhere. But if you are looking for easy holidays with private beach and large swimming pool, this is not a place for you - the pool is very small and you need to take taxi to the beach (not a problem though, as we did it every day).As for the hotel itself, it has its own Arabic character. The service (apart from excellent concierge) was just OK, though. The hotel has spa, but after having a 10-minute complimentary massage there, I felt more stressed than before - do not use it.	
Apr 18 2009 	No Frills Hotel....	Positives...+ Location+ Beach ShuttleImprovements needed...- Swimming pool way too small- Bathrooms way too crammed- Not enough English TV channels (2 out of 40+)- Why do you charge 30dhms everytime to use the Sauna/Steam ?- No WiFi- Daily newspapers to the rooms ?Overall, if you plan to spend most of your time away from the hotel and only need somewhere to sleep, book the Arabian Courtyard !!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed here in 2006, very clean hotel. In the middle of al fahidi street. The food we ordered on room service was very very nice, plenty of choice and cheap. We spend about £10 per person per night, considering room service is usually expensive in other hotels here was really good value.	
Apr 9 2009 	an oasis of luxury and excellent service	We spend 4 days in the hotel. Staff could not do enough for you, nothing was a bother. There was even a &quot;turn down your bed service&quot; at night with wee chocolates left for you. The food was fab, alcohol was reasonably priced and we loved the location, just facing the dubai museum and a mosque which gave as a cultural experience. The wellbeing spa was fantastic, packages of all sorts of treatments, I opted for a full body massage and facial which was heavenly and very very reasonably priced. There was well establised local shops nearby and we were near the tradional souks (markets) refreshingly traders were not to pushy and let you walk on by without to much pressure. But not to be missed is the water taxi, a couple of pennys and it is like going back in time.We will be retunring to our oasis of luxury.	
Apr 7 2009 	Ten-star location excellent value	I booked the last 6 nights of March at the Arabian Courtyard back in January based on wanting an inexpensive hotel in a good location near the creek and one that was kept well. The reviews here seemed to back all that up. Now having stayed there, I have to agree with much of what others have written: This hotel offers a ton of value for the price paid. Here are some of my thoughts on things that stood out:BOOKING – I booked at Hotels.com since the price was great and the cancellation policy was friendly. After that, I kept tabs on the price periodically to see if I should rebook at a lower price. The price went up and stayed up, so I recommend booking well in advance. When we arrived, the hotel was fully booked according to the front desk.LOCATION – If you’re in Dubai to get a mix of old and new, this location is 10 stars. The Dubai Museum is literally across the street. The Bastakiya Quarter and SMCCU are a couple of blocks away. The Bur Dubai old souk is also a few blocks away along with the abra station to the Deira souks and historical sites like the Heritage House and Al Ahmadiya School. You can walk (or take a 1 AED abra) to many of the restored historical sites. You can also walk to Basta Art Café and Bastakiya Nights restaurant, two touted restaurants. Taxi rides from this location are very affordable (see TAXIS below).ROOM – We stayed in a standard non-smoking room with a king bed. As a place to sleep and drop things off after a trip to the souks, it got the job done. The room is moderate size, not too small nor all that big. The furnishings aren’t all that comfortable so if you plan on hanging out in the room, perhaps the standard room isn’t your best option. The A/C vents were in the ceiling facing down over the pillows so cold air blew in our faces at night; We turned off the A/C while sleeping because of this. Outlets are 220V with 3 prongs, but plug converters (not voltage converters) were on some of them for both US and European devices. The bathroom was small, but the water pressure in the shower was great. There was no outlet in the bathroom except a “shavers only” one so expect to dry your hair in the main room (a hairdryer is provided). There is an in-room safe.Tip: Insist on staying in a room numbered 500 or higher and should that fail, insist on a room on the south side of the building. The north side of the hotel is adjacent to a nightclub and the lower-floor rooms on that side have the bass and music come through the walls without much resistance. After a 20hr travel day and hoping for a good night of sleep, that first night in room 204 was brutal (and sleepless).FRONT DESK/BELLHOPS/DOORMEN – This hotel tries really hard to give the appearance of a 4- or 5-star property with dedicated doormen to open doors for cars/taxis and the front door of the hotel, bellhops, concierge and front-desk personnel. I give them all high marks, especially the front-desk. They were kind enough to move us after the first night next to the nightclub. They also called restaurants and bars for us if we needed addresses or operating hours. The bellhops stored our luggage after checkout until our flight late that night. We did not use the concierge service nor the on-site tour booking agency, but such services are available. The front desk offers currency exchange services, but they keep a high commission and do not take travelers checks. You are better off changing your money right next door at the dedicated currency exchange.RESTAURANTS – We did not book the breakfast package (~$15/person extra at the time…now ~$11/person when I look on Hotels.com), but we ate the first morning at the Bastakiya Café buffet. It is spectacular, but expensive if paid for separately (~$21/person). If you want to load up on breakfast every day, I suggest booking the breakfast package if the price/person suits you. We also tried the Starbucks lounge behind the lobby one morning for a quick coffee before heading out. It’s way overpriced as expected as they ding you for extras like whipped cream. We did not try any of the other restaurants, but looked at the Mexican restaurant’s very pricey menu for yuks.Tip: For a very affordable breakfast, exit the hotel to the right, turn up the first alley and head into the Indian/Pakistani “Family Restaurant”. Order two “Double-roasted eggs” and two coffees. You’ll be full AND out only 13 AED for the two of you. The place is a dive so don’t expect a lavish restaurant, but it more than gets the job done. We had 3 breakfasts there and were probably the only tourists they’ve ever seen inside ;)MAID SERVICE – The room was very well kept by the cleaning staff. Toiletries were restocked routinely, towels replaced and the bed turned down every evening with complimentary chocolates provided. Along with the rest of the service staff, they also get high marks.TAXIS – The hotel offers pre-arranged airport transfers to/from the hotel; Do not use them. The hotel also offers private taxi service for guests; Although not an awful deal (not horribly pricier than regular taxis), still do not use them. Use the city taxis. You can flag one down within 5 minutes (typically 1-2 minutes) out front and they’ll take you anywhere you want to go for a very reasonable fare. Before getting in, confirm that the driver knows where you are going, though, as not all of them know Dubai inside and out. From the Arabian Courtyard, here were some sample fares we experienced:- Jumeirah Mosque: 12 AED (nearby)- Dubai Mall: 26 AED (moderate distance away)- Madinat Jumeirah (a must-see): 40 AED (far out in the heart of the upscale beachfront hotels)- Atlantis (tip of The Palm): 60 AED (very far out)Take taxis as you might get an ulcer driving yourself around if you’re not used to bumper-to-bumper action at high speeds.CASH/CREDIT CARDS – Do not bring travelers checks, or bring them only as a backup/last resort. They are actively discouraged by the currency exchange places as they give you a poor rate (e.g. 3.5 AED/USD instead of the typical 3.65 rate) and hassle you with needing to copy your passport, despite getting electronic confirmation that the checks are valid. You will need AED for the taxis, bargaining at the souks, payment at the smaller restaurants (e.g. Basta Art Café and the restaurant next door to it whose name I forget are cash-only) and payment at some of the smaller tourist traps (e.g. the abra canal tour at the Madinat Jumeirah was cash-only). We did not go on a souk shopping spree so we ended up spending only around $400 USD cash for all of the above and put everything else on the credit cards. I did not use my ATM card so I don’t know what the ATM fees are for US tourists. Credit cards are accepted at most places without hassle.Tip: If you’re looking to squeeze every last penny out of the currency exchange, change only a small amount at the airport upon arrival for the taxi ride to the hotel, then exchange more at a currency exchange bank in-town. The airport rate was 3.6 AED/USD while it was 3.65 in-town almost everywhere.I think that’s all I have to say. It’s a lot and I’m sure I missed plenty. I hope you find this useful.	
Apr 2 2009 	Don't go or if you do keep your expectations low!	We booked at the Arabian Courtyard on the recommendation of a good friend that travels alot. We also booked &quot;early check in&quot; online (as advised by the confirmation email) only to not have a room after we had flown all night from our prior destination. That was the beginning of a serious of relatively minor irritations... we did get a room after waiting in the lounge for about 1 hour and buying two cups of coffee and two pastries to the tune of $25. We were told we got an &quot;upgrade&quot;, but in fact we were in the exact type of room that I booked originally. Have no idea what the upgrade was. When we finally were able to check in, I asked (three times!) if breakfast was included with the early check in price ($55!) and the front desk staff (3 different people, 3 different times) said YES, it's included. It was not and I had to argue over the course of my 3 day stay with a number of incompetent front desk staff about removing the charges for breakfast. We had another snafu trying to sign up for the shuttle to the beach. Not worth going into all the detail... but they kept saying the shuttle was full, the shuttle was full... and it turned out that there were 15 + EMPTY seats on the shuttle. Then the concierge that put us into a private taxi, when a regular meter taxi was right IN FRONT of the hotel. We paid 1.5 times what we should have to go to Madanat Jumeriah. UGH. Did not like staying there!!!!	
Mar 30 2009 	excellent stay	Our stay started 21st March and we left on 26th March. The hotel has a good location as it is near the creek and not too far from the main interesting sites in Dubai. All of them can be reached by taxi directly from the hotel entrance. We booked the executive room and it was really nice, spacey and clean. All the hotel look nice and comfortable. As we have an executive room the breakfast was served at 7th floor in executive lounge. It was nice as our room was at 8th floor. Having breakfast in the lounge was much better and taster than directly behind the reception. There were really plenty of food choice during the breakfast. Also free internet connection in the room was included. We had not our own notebook so PC with an internet was offered in the executive lounge free till 10.30PM. A few things were complimentary in the room......and the chocolate candies put on the bed everyday were absolutely great!The hotel staff was absolutely polite and helpful. Their effort started during the online room reservation, visa processing assisstance and continued with extra rapid check-in and check-out. They offer also an airport transfer if you like. The beach transfer was free and we got also the beach bag.We would definitely be back in that hotel in case of another visit of Dubai.	
Mar 30 2009 	perfect hotel for experience Dubai	I spent 4 nights here. Was traveling with spouse and 2 young children. Every positive comment already made on this hotel stands as is. Excellent location. In fact, if you have a little patience (say 10-12 minutes), getting a taxi is no problem either since there is always traffic heading in to the museum (which is right across the street from the hotel).Only GOTCHA - beware the hotel doorman talking you into taking the taxi run by the hotel. It is a LEXUS and has a meter, sure, but you will end up paying about AED 10 more per ride.	
Mar 29 2009 	Bug Bugs and Stolen Credit Card	We had bed bugs. Got bitten all over. Hotel staff didn't seem to believe it could be true, despite the bites all over our body and pictures we took of the little critters on the mattress in the morning. They didn't give a discount or apology.We checked out but our flight wasn't until the night, so we left our bags in storage. When we came back in the evening to collect our bags and go to the airport, one of the suitcases was totally bashed in.A week after we returned home, I got a call from the credit card company. The back-up credit card I had stashed inside my suitcase had been stolen and used throughout Dubai.	
Mar 27 2009 	excellent hotel	Very good location and value for money. Chinese restaurant excellent. Great free shuttle to beach.	
Mar 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Got back from my stay at the Arabian Courtyard 10 days ago. We got in at 1:30 a.m. and were greeted by a smiling Tareeq at the front desk. He ordered juice for us before proceeding with our check-in and much to our surprise upgraded us to an Executive Room on the 8th floor. The room was very clean and everything was in order. All the staff, particularly Abdul Gupran in housekeeping. Yaneem (concierge) and Tareeq (front desk) were very helpful in whatever we wanted. Our room was cleaned twice a day and new towels and toiletries were replenished. The location of the hotel is excellent so if you want to shop in Meena Bazaar or eat, you just walk there and there is no need for a taxi. Overall I was very satisfied with the hotel and the staff and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to visit Dubai	
Mar 26 2009 	Second stay just as Good	We can't recommend this hotel highly enough. This is our second visit to the Arabian Couryard, on both occassions stopping over on the way from Sydney to the uk. The reception staff bent over backwards to get our room ready even though we arrived at 5.30am. The room with a view over the museum was of a high standard with nice touches to make our stay comfortable. The staff are friendly and helpful and couldn't be faulted.The location in Bur Dubai is perfect as it is not over developed and has an authentic Arabian feel, centrally located for the airport and the more well known attractions Mall of the Emirates etc. Taxis are the only way to go as they are quite inexpensive about 10 quid from the airport.Give this hotel a go you won't be disappointed	
Mar 18 2009 	A wonderful experience	We arrived at the hotel around 9.30pm and were welcomed with juice and were upgraded for free to a delux room. Our luggage was brought up for us and room had welcoming toiletries, sweets and services list. The room was nice and cozy and the air-con had already been turned on for us. We had a really good nights sleep and went down to the buffet breakfast the next morning. The food was great, there was quite a selection on the food, for American to Chinise, fresh juices, fruits and lots more. During the course of my trip I also had the chance to use the spa services. I booked the total wellness package which was 1st class. The pricing was as much as it would be back here in London, but it was well worth it. The atmosphere, equiptment and service was of a very high standard. I would definatly go again. The location was also in my opinion was of the best, it was close to Mina Baazar in which you have lots of cheap and tasty restaurants as well as clothes, jewellary and electrical stores. It was a great place to shop but beware of fake perfumes and watches and be ready to bargain lots. The hotel restaurants were very nice and of a high standard though a little overpriced. You would be paying more for the atmosphere than the food. The only point to look out for in the hotel is making bookings. Taxis are more expensive if booked through the hotel as are trips elsewhere. A taxi ride to the Wild wadi water park was less then 90AED but the hotel was charging 200AED for that. I also checked on other trips and soon found out they could be booked for much cheaper myself. I was recommended by a friend and would definatly go again.	
Mar 11 2009 	Forget this if you are in Dubai for business	I realy wanted to like this place and take in a more cultural experience from Dubai....if thats possible.Poor staff at the front desk took over an hour to check in lost my bags for another hour.More of a package holiday place, good location for the creek and attractions in the old part of the city, not in the best area unless you want to buy a lot of fabric.Deluxe room O.K , the bar stinks along with the beer and very expensive too	
Mar 8 2009 	Fantastic value for 5* service and customer care	Booked direct with the hotel - good rates. Excellent online booking and pre-arrival support/query response. From arrival to check out a first rate service and care from all the staff, without exception.Stayed in executive room which was spotless and well maintained. (Included free internet access, quality canapes and drinks in Exec lounge).Location perfect to tour Older areas of Dubai (cross creek using local ferry - 1 dirham) Plenty of local eating places of all types to suit all pockets.Book a free place on the free hotel shuttle to beach and back with towels and mats provided - great. Would have no worries about visiting here again!	
Mar 8 2009 	Great value for your money	I stayed 5 nights in Arabian Courtyard Hotel &amp; Spa with my two teenagers and I am happy to say that this hotel offers really good value for your money. We stayed in Business Room, which is around 60 sqm and suitable for three persons from same family. The staff service attitude was very good and they were proactive instead of being reactive. All the facilities were in line with the four-star rating, including the pool area which is small, but still big enough. The service included even daily &quot;Beach Packs&quot; i.e. beach towel and &quot;beach rug&quot; for each of us.The location is ideal for someone who wants to explore the Bur Dubai and Deira. If you have your own car or rental car, the hotel offers free valet-parking. Parking by the way in Dubai is a nightmare.The only thing which was not in line with the overall standard was the sofa-bed which was not as comfortable as one could expect. But while being on vacation, that was not so drastic.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great location for sight seeing	A great base for sightseeing - opposite the Museum and within 2 minutes walk of the Creek and old town. Family rooms are huge with added bonus of a microwave and free internet access (chargeable in other rooms for some odd reason). Helpful staff - not a great pool. Go to breakfast early as the later you are, the more frantic everyone gets, staff included!	
Mar 4 2009 	No way a 4 star hotel with only 1 star service	Having just returned from a 5 night stay at the Arabian Courtyard we were very disappointed. Have been visiting the UAE for a number of years and this was the worst hotel we have every stayed at. We paid the additional supplement for the Exec Club Room, which gave us access to the Exec lounge, the staff there along with the rest of the hotel were very disinterested and had absolutely no idea about customer service. The breakfast relied on the customers asking for buffet to be replenished resulting in a long wait for the basics such as eggs. On the first night we asked for a Gin and Tonic but they had run out of Gin as they could only order once a week. They would not check any of the other bars in the hotel so there was no gin for the first 2 nights, as an alternative they offered Tequila! Avoid the wine - we observied them mixing 2 different white wines into the Chardonnay. The Sherlock Holmes bar was no diffenrent, one person on the bar who was also the waitress waiting on the tables and collecting the food from the kitchen - resulting in long waiting times to be served. The food in the bar was awful unless you like reconstituted chicken, however described at a succulent and home made. Avoid the peanuts and popcorn, these were recycled when collected from the tables and bar. The iron in the room was dangerous with exposed live wires - we did ask for a replacement iron from receiption by day 5 it had still not been replaced. 27 sunbeds round a pool approximately 4 x 20 metres and in desperate need of maintenance. On the last day half way through checking out the receptionist walked away from us and then dealt with 2 phone calls.The best part was the room attendant who did a good job of cleaning the room. The rest was a major disapointment in what was described to us as an award winning hotel, I know what award I would give it...................	
Mar 1 2009 	Poor value for money	Booked this hotel for 4 female friends for a week in Dubai at the begining of Feb 09. Should have listened to the previous reviews as the customer service in this hotel was poor. Reception could not provide an answers in regards to Tourist things. This was my second trip to Dubai and as I had previously stayed in Jumeirah i decided a hotel away from the beach would be different. Finally the decor in the rooms could do with an update. Value for money - you could do a lot better Service - need to provide more training to staff Location - OK; however trying to reach other parts of town is expensive from this Hotel - average taxi to Malls, Beach would cost £13.00 each way. Would not chose this hotel or recommend to anyone who is looking for a relaxing trip. Only plus point of hotel was the Mumtaz Indian restaurant which provided in-house entertainment.	
Feb 28 2009 	Excellent hotel	My wife |&amp; I stayed at the Arabian courtyard hotel for 4 nights during the Mens' Tennis Tournament and had an excellent stay.The room was clean, spacious &amp; comfortable with all the amenities that we required.All the staff were courteous, friendly, efficient and helpful. Newspaper was provided every day as was fruit.Breakfast was substantial with a variety of choice and all in all we would thoroughly recommend the hotel &amp; hope to return next year to see the Ladies' Tennis in February.	
Feb 27 2009 	perfect stay	We stayed at Arabian Courtyard for 5 nights mid February and we could have not chosen a better hotel. As we arrived very early in the morning and didn't pre-register the room, we waited for our room until 12hours.That wasn't any problem at all, after a delicious cup of coffee in the lounge we took a walk around the surroundings. We were delighted about the friendliness and attentiveness of the whole staff, special thanks for the reservations, reception and housekeeping staff for making our honeymoon a very special one. Never have I experienced such a effort; roseleaves on the bed, arabic sweets and wine... perfect way to start your holiday.Breakfast was fine, I'm happy we tried the arabic one as well!Room was clean and cleaned daily, and even though we had a room facing the Dubai museum (and busy street) we didn't have any disturbance at all.The english newspaper every morning was also nice touch.Everyone was friendly and made us feel at home, if we plan to go back to Dubai we will definately consider staying at Arabian Courtyard as well.	
Feb 27 2009 	Probably the best hotel location to learn about Dubai	Since Dubai is still under construction I would stay in this hotel because is located in the old area next to Al BAstakiya historic district and the creek. In my opinion this is the best area if you want to really understand how this city evolved into the ultra modern development it is today. Yes, the new modern hotels are nice, but you won't be able to walk outside the lobby to feel the city like in this hotel. I will return to Dubai in two years to see the majority of the projects completed and would definately return to this hotel.TIP: Visit the Bur Juman Mall: 10 minute cab ride.	
Feb 23 2009 	definitely recommended - nice room friendly staff	this hotel is definitely value for money and adequate for a nice stay in dubai. we arrived early in morning but our room was not ready so we waited in lobby. we had booked executive room on 7th floor for our anniversary. when we were taken upto our room we were pleasantly surprised to have the bed decorated with rose petals in a heart shape and bath filled with bubbles and roses. it was a nice touch which started our holiday in dubai. the room was cleaned everyday, the sheets changed etc. dont think they brushed up though as room was quite dusty. when i dropped some socks on the floor, they were covered in dust balls but apart from that room looked clean. the bed was sooo comfortable we slept better there than we do at home. all the staff were always smiling and friendly. the doorman/traffic controller bakhsish was the best. he always put a smile on our faces. just seeing him made us smile. we definitely noticed his absence on his day off. the reservations team was very helpful too in helping us confirm our booking as we had problems with our travel agent. but faisal in reservations was a gem and sorted everything out for us so we could relax.checkin and checkout was fast- the only downside being that we had to wait a few hours to checkin after a long flight. we also decided to enquire about booking a dhow cruise dinner through hotel, but we were given reciept and charged 470dirhams for 2 people when we knew from our research that it would be much cheaper had we booked it ourselves as we did with desert safari. moreover, the cruise was disorganised and the worst part of our holiday as it dragged on forever and food was bland and tasteless too. in contrast thesafari which we bookd our selves was brilliant, well organised and the highlight of our holiday. so we were very disappointed with the cruise and annoyed that we paid over the top for something of such a low standard. anothercouple from the hotel who booked the same way felt the same said they could have had much better entertainment and food for the price we paid. we have emailed our comments to the hotel who are looking into this.but despite this we cannot fault the hotel itself, as we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and we felt very welcome and would not hesitate to stay there again. the free 10minute massage was a delight too and if we had more time we would definitely have used spa facilities more although we did feel they were quite expensive - massages were dearer than in uk. and they always seemed to be booked up whenever we rang to enquire. when we did find a slot on our last day, we were told full body massage didnt include feet which is strange as usually this is not the case. so we just decided to cancel as was overpriced anyway. the pool area was clean although water was cold so we didnt use it. the hotel is in bustling area of bur dubai which you either hate or love. there was lots to do all around, whereas in the beach hotels there is nothing surrounding so you have to stay inside the hotels, but here we went for nice walks in evenings when the area litup.the salon was closed whilst we were there which was a disappointment as i had to go out to get blowdry but if the spa prices are anything to go by then it probably would have been overpriced anyway. so in conclusion, this hotel itself and the staff are excellent and recommended but we would not use hotel to book tours etc as highly overcharged.we would love to stay at this hotel again. infact we miss the hotel and dubai very much!!!	
Feb 22 2009 	Nice location Great on Executive Floor	I stayed for several days at this hotel. I can't speak to the other room types, but the exec floor including internet and breakfast was a good deal. It is across from the Dubai Museum (be sure to go downstairs at the museum; some people miss the entrance) and near the old markets and the river. There aren't many restaurants in the vicinity but there are a few. There are several supermarkets within a few minutes walk. The staff was very friendly and accommodating.	
Feb 10 2009 	Super hotel	Arrived at this hotel 10.30pm and check-in took over an hour. We wanted a non-smoking room, and the Receptionists were arguing between them. In the end, we were upgraded to the Exec floor. We had booked full board, and at first the Receptionist said we could only have B and B. I showed her my confirmation from Internet booking, and she finally agreed. After along flight, there was a lot of hassle and we didnt get a good first impression of the Hotel. Nice room, and Breakfast in the Exec. Lounge was good. Ate twice in the main Restaurant which was very good. One evening ate in the Chinese, food again very good, but very slow service - took over 2 hours. Hotel is well situated in &quot;old&quot; Dubai, close to the Creek. Staff (apart from the Receptionist) very helpful. If you want an authentic arabian-type hotel, you will not be disappointed with the Arabian Courtyard	
Feb 9 2009 	Remember to take an extra change of clothing!	I was coming to visit Dubai for the first time for a four day trip with my best friend, and we arrived at the Arabian Courtyard hotel at 10 in the morning. However upon arrival, we were told that the room wouldn't be ready for us until 2pm that afternoon, which was slightly annoying as we had no change of clothes and we didn't want to go through our suitcases in the public lobby in front of the many others who had arrived before us and were waiting for rooms as well. However to compensate, we were allowed to use the health spa to freshen up but it still felt like half the day was wasted, as we couldn't relax/refresh ourselves properly. This was the only negative part of our visit. The positive - the staff at Arabian Courtyard were wonderful and provided first class service, they were extremely helpful and very polite. The service offered exceeded any that I found in any five star hotel that I've stayed in by far. The room facilites were good and very clean too, and the beds so comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small but nevertheless very clean. The location of the hotel is in a good spot, opposite the museum and close by to the Water taxi (Abra) station and Gold and spice souks. Even if we wanted to go to the new areas of Dubai, the hotel staff would hail taxis for us almost instantly and the overall journey would only cost around £5 tops.	
Feb 7 2009 	Good Clean Hotel	I have just read a review of this hotel where it was given a poor rating and I felt i had to write a reply. I am a well seasoned traveller and have stayed everywhere from sleeping in a tent in Namibia through to luxery cruises and I felt that the review was unfair. One thing you have to remember about this hotel is that it is in old Dubai not the new part. For this you must travel by taxi ,trust me dont walk as i found out much to my cost as this is heat that you have never experienced before! Taxis are very cheap and called to the door by the porter while you wait inside. On arrival at the airport we were picked up by the hotel, which although more expensive than a taxi I felt it was well worth well as the flight is long and it was great not having to ask taxi drivers rates etc.On arrival our rooms were ready and bags taken up for us.Excellent check in, polite and professional. Yes a credit card is needed but arent alot of hotels asking for these now-a-days? The rooms are large and the bed is huge! Im 6'5&quot; and i thought all my dreams had come true! The bathroom was large and the shower was very powerful. The view was different, not of white sands and blue seas but of old Dubai with all of its buildings. Be prepared to be woken by the call to prayer because there are at least three large mosques in proximity to the Hotel.The food was good we ate lunch twice here over the five days and breakfast ever day. Breakfast was a large buffet with everything from cold meats, fruit to a full cooked breakfast. Lunch was off of a menu and very reasonable although not the best cuisine I have tasted. The pool was of a good size and the sunbeds were readily avaliable, but as a female prepare to be looked at as my wife found out. The spa is very good and well worth a visit. The hotel was very clean and rooms well looked after.It certainly isnt the Burj Al Arab but then you arent paying £1000 a room. If you want good, clean accomdation and a reasonably priced hotel this is it. If you want 5 star treatment then new dubai is for you with the Western attitude. We couldnt fault it, but as I said from the start this hotel is in Old Dubai, new Dubai is a 20 min taxi drive away that wont cost you more than £5.I cant comment about the bars here as we went during Ramadam so there was no alcohol!	
Feb 4 2009 	Loved this hotel! Great staff and location.	Booked on their website on line. Stayed on &quot;club&quot; floor where we ate breakfast and had happy hour in the evenings. Staff was exceptionally nice and accomodating. Room and bathroom were small but pleasant and included the usual immenities. Had a nice view of the port area and also the creek. Location is excellent--right next to museum and a stop for the &quot;Big Bus&quot; tour and also close to area to catch boats to the spice and gold souqs. We were very pleased.	
Feb 4 2009 	Very nice room but a bit noisy	I stayed in Dubai when returning from Egypt so I was pleased to find that a genuine 4 star hotel when compared to the somewhat shabbier and slightly unclean 4 and 5 star hotels in Egypt that had still cost the same as a 4 or 5 star hotel might anywhere else in the world.The room was spotlessly clean and very large with nice furniture, a comfortable bed and generally well appointed. The bathroom was dangerously small (even compared to those in Europe) but everything was working well and their was plenty of water pressure in the shower. The complimentary bottled water was a nice addition. The staff on reception were pleasent and called to see if I needed anything and to make sure everything was ok. I had previously emailed the hotel to let them know I would be checking in after midnight and there was no problem with the check-in when I arrived.Only issue I had was that I could here the noise of showers running and toilets flushing through pipes on all sides of the room all night which made it difficult to get any sleep (particularly with people coming and going for late and early flights). Luckily I had the luxury of sleeping in on two of the days but I was really tired when I hadn't slept on the last night and had an early start to leave Dubai.The other issue occured when I was checking out and was charged for drinks from the mini-bar (allegedly two Pepsi's) which I hadn't taken. I explained that I had left two empty soft drink cans in my bin that I had purchased at the supermarket but hadn't taken anything from the mini-bar. Eventually the costs were dropped from my final tab.I dined in the &quot;Sherlock Holmes pub&quot; and the food was nice enough. It was a nice laid back place for a drink and the staff were very attentative and friendly.Also, the location is very good being close to cafes in the lovely Bastikiya area as well as the Dubai Museum and it is a short trip across the Creek to the downtown.I paid $330 AUD per night which was quite expensive for a standard room on the second floor with no view - but it would have been reasonable had the room not been noisy. If I stayed again, I would make sure that I asked (and checked) to have a quieter room.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great Deal  well worth it	Already booked the hotel with the travel agents before i saw some of these reviews so initially i was a bit worried. But the hotel seemed to be well worth it for the price. my stay was enjoyable, i was there with my husband and daughter. Ofcourse visiting Dubai , the last place you spend yor time is in the hotel!Its located in the Old City so its quite busy (but you dont hear the noise in your rooms) , very friendly staff, we only ate in the hotel and not immeadiate surroundings, spent most of the time in the malls and site seeing and always ended up eating there. Easy access to taxi (right outside) , room cleaned everyday , food was ok., buffet breakfast free with room. Im a bit suprised people were trying to walk in their immeadiate surrondings , i thought the whole holiday idea was to see the sites. Went to the beach as well. Overall great fun , and th ehotel was value for money .............hence i had more money to spend in the shops!Aimee, UK	
Jan 30 2009	THE Best Location for Accomodation in Dubai	This is the best location in Dubai, in the heart of the electronics souq, and opposite the Dubai Museum. A fantastic hotel. We stayed in the executive room - furniture/decor was fabulous and service exceptional. A short walk to the waterfront to catch an abra to the gold souqs and Deira generally. Best bit - opposite - Bastakia Quarter. Try Basta Art Cafe and their cool and refreshing Mint &amp; Lime drink - soothing after a long day walking in Dubai's September/October heatwave.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Place loved it!	Loved the place. went for a short girly getaway and was on a budget when booked the hotel. did not expect much considering how much we paid but was really really glad we booked it when we arrived.Great service , spacious clean room much bigger then i have ever had when travelling. the staff were all friendly , helpful and very welcoming. the location was great for exploring the older part of dubai, the museum was opposite the hotel the Abras (water taxis) to take you across to the gold souks etc were a short walk (5mins) and there was plenty of hussle buslte about to explore. the only downside was that if you are going out in the evening to the clubs, bars restaurants in jumeirah area it is a 15-20min taxi ride and traffic can get bad. despite this i would stay here again as you got the real feel of Dubai not just the glitz and glanmer of the extravagant malls and lavish hotels!Plus they have a great dessert and coffee area in the lobby which was great after a day of exploring!	
Jan 26 2009 	I'm a honeymooner get me out of here!	We booked our honeymoon with Hayes and Jarvis to the Maldives and on our return back to the UK we were told there would be a significant delay in catching our flight back to the UK from Dubai. We were offered a nights stay at this hotel and jumped at the chance to visit Dubai. After having ten glorious nights in Maldives we landed in Dubai and were greeted pretty promptly by the taxi service (laid on by H&amp;J) to transport us to our hotel. Maybe naively I was expecting to stay closer to the 'new Dubai' but when I got out of the taxi and looked at the hotel my heart sank. The hotel was dumped in the middle of dirty, dusty back streets full of drab, brown buildings. I thought I'd landed in Baghdad! Inside the hotel was hardly 4 star. Gaudy and tatty. The reception desk staff were aloof and unfriendly and after finding our reservation which we'd paid for with H&amp;J, asked us to hand over our credit card for any further purchases we would make at the hotel. I refused to hand my card over and told them I'd pay cash if I wanted anything. We got changed and decided to take a walk around the hotel to find something to eat. Big mistake. There was nothing but fabric shops around the hotel and not one place to eat. I was looked at by men in the street as though I was an alien, despite being completely covered up and there really was nothing around this hotel to see. We ended up returning two hours later back to the hotel hungry, having not eaten since the plane journey. We found the Sherlock Holmes Bar situated in the hotel, where we had two drinks and decided to go to bed. Inside the bar were Arab men ordering jugs of beer and chatting up the prostitutes. Americans on the next table told me the food was just okay, but by this time I just wanted to go to my room and for morning to come. The room itself was bare, stark, cold, dark and smelled musty. We scoffed at the 'view' from our room- endless flat rooftops of the same drab, brown buildings covered in satellite dishes. Thoroughly depressing. We'd pre-paid to have breakfast the following morning, but as we were leaving fairly early to catch our flight they said the kitchen wouldn't be open. We finally ate at Dubai airport just before departure! I couldn't wait to get on the plane and leave Dubai. It was a disappoinment, full of building cranes and massively spread out. As the plane took off for the UK, me and my new husband happily waved Dubai goodbye. Perhaps the new part of Dubai is better, but please don't waste your money at this hotel.	
Jan 18 2009 	Loved the arabian courtyard	Just back from a 5 night break to Dubai, staying at the Arabian Courtyard Hotel.The trip was a romantic getaway with my partner and a chance to visit my sister and her family in Dubai.I really liked the Hotel. It's very centrally located in the Bur Dubai area. Walking distance to the Creek and near the Bastakyia area. The hotel staff were all very friendly and we were more than happy with our room on the 5th floor with a view over the Dubai museum. The breakfast was included in our package and very good. There was complimentry fruit, bottled water and newspaper delivered to the room which was nice.The pool area was slightly disapointing and fairly small, but the hotel has made the most of the limited size and it is quite attractive.My only slight gripe is you have to pay for internet access, which I think is a bit mean in a four star hotel.We enjoyed our stay although may choose a beach hotel if we return to Dubai, to see a different side of the city.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel with some issues	I reserved a non smoking room and got a smoking room, It was very musty when we went it, it was hard to discern the smoke over the must. The next morning I could really smell the smoke in the room, was an irritant but by that time we only had one more night. Make sure you get what you pay for when you get there. There are a lot of restaurants in the hotel, which is nice. We ate at Barry's Bench for dinner, I got Gazpacho and it was just tomato soup with cut up fresh cucumber and the happy hour 2 for 1 drinks were well at best. for lunch one day we hit Sherlock Holmes bar , prices are high and the drinks were not bad, the new bartender had a tough time figuring out what a gin and tonic was, can't go wrong with bottled beer. Had the chicken burger and I would not order it again. The waitress ignored us as well as the bartender we had to get their attention to get more food and drinks. Dinner one night was at Bastikiya and that was excellent. had the fillet and it could not have been better, if I ever went back I would def go there for dinner. The gym was ok, the equipment was more like home equipment that professional gym equipment. It was hot enough for the pool and to lay out but we decided to site see instead. The bathroom in the room was very nice and clean and lots of room in the tub/shower, even a phone in there but no hairdryer. They had an iron/ironing board and nice robes in the closets. The attention to detail was very nice, very nicely done rooms and hallways, the inside is a lot prettier than the outside of the hotel. The bed is a bit hard and it took us some time to figure that the lights were run by the keypad by the bed... we were turning them on by hand for a bit. Our view was out the back onto the pool...it was fine. Nothing to be excited about..but ok. Its very centrally located and minutes from the creek, souks, textile area, Abra's, Dhow cruises and across the street from the Dubai Museum, which is a must see for only 3 dirhams per person. Would I stay at this hotel again, not likely, if we go back we will stay closer to the Palms and main line...to see the other side of the city.If you decide to stay at the hotel, go to the Basta Art Cafe, you can eat breakfast/Lunch and dinner there. They have excellent food. The moroccan tea is a must have. Its an cafe that is surrounded by 4 walls but open to the sky, its lovely and very relaxing. Out the front doors take a right and cross the street you will walk right into it...5 min walk if that. I was not impressed by this hotel, nor was I repulsed...it was very average I would give it a 3 star rating not 4	
Jan 5 2009 	Pleasant enough.... but a 2 star	I paid way too much for this hotel (from their web site) so beware.The location of this property is in the Indian/Pakistani part of town; you won't see any UAE locals here!It is right across from the Dubai Museum which is pleasant enough.Plan on taking 15 to 30 minutes to obtain a taxi as it is almost impossible to get a taxi right-away. The front doormen of the hotel, though, do try to help hail one down.The hotel was probably very nice in its heyday. Now it is tired and old. The rooms are of a respectable size however, the bathrooms are alice-in-wonderland small. The room quality is no more than a two-star, if that.The staff were all pleasant and friendly, especially at check-in.There is a Starbucks on property which is a nice touch; however, I noticed that they charged my credit card $26 for two coffees. Ouch!	
Dec 18 2008 	Seriously messed stay. 3 Star at best 1 Star Service	I don't know where to begin...For starters, this is a good location. Like everyone says, right across from the museum &amp; a short distance to the abras and the creek, but that's about it. The room is large. However, there is something funky/fishy in the air about this place, and I couldn't wait to leave this hotel or Dubai, for that matter! The sourness started at another destination when I kept getting e-mails saying that my reservation would be cancelled &quot;without my knowledge&quot; if I did not provide a &quot;valid credit card number.&quot; I kept e-mailing back and forth saying that my credit card &quot;was valid,&quot; that I use it practically everyday, including for this trip, in fact, I e-mailed that I used it for the hotel which I was currently staying at. They kept e-mailing back to send a &quot;valid credit card,&quot; which I thought they must have punched in the numbers wrong. Thus, I responded by saying that I was unable to do that as I was traveling and had no way of providing the numbers in a secure fashion. I.e. I did not want to give the numbers over my international cell phone, or through an e-mail. I finally requested that my reservation be cancelled, and I made a new one through their own website, which was secure. I tried calling to cancel on the phone, and this seemed third rate, as I was told the reservation desk was not open until the morning, and it was 11:00 pm UAE time, 3 1/2 hours later than where I was at. I was further surprised after viewing their cancellation policy that it was a 2 day cancellation period. To their credit, they received my e-mail and cancelled my original reservation. To my benefit, my original reservation was 800 dh and the new one was 450. I guess the world economy, and I was told upon arriving to Dubai, that many tourists cancelled tours, etc. recently, is why the price went down? Anyway, this was a nice surprise, the difference in the room cost was about $227 to $127 USD. Fast forward to an approximate 7.5 hour overnight plane rides. I arrive at the hotel and the check-in staff person was very rude &amp; hostile. Not friendly or welcoming at all. He seemed put out that I showed up with a reservation, which he could not find in his computer. The whole thing seemed very 3rd world, not technologically advanced at all. One tired computer at his desk and some papers somewhere. Anyway, he kept getting on the phone to &quot;someone&quot; and asking me where I made the reservation. I said, &quot;On your website,&quot; which I showed him the print out. I think he was not happy about the low rate which I showed up with. After a long time, with no smiles, not being welcomed or anything, he finally had me fill out some paperwork, &amp; ran my credit card. During this time I explained about the back &amp; forth e-mails that said my cc did no work, when in reality it did, which seemed to make him even more angry. After two attempts to run my credit card, he said in an angry tone of voice that it did not work. By this time I was getting really angry &amp; told him that it did work, I just used it for dinner prior to getting on the plane &amp; there was nothing wrong with it. I then proceded to use my international cell phone &amp; call ed the US to the cc company, who assured me that there was nothing wrong with it, that they showed no attempts of it being swiped by the hotel, &amp; maybe he was swiping it too fast, or it got demagnitized being next to a cell phone, hotel key card or something. I relayed this information to him, further relaying what my cc company told me was that if he punched in the #'s manually, then it should work. I told him to run it again, which he angrily refused, saying, &quot;No! I already ran it twice! I'm not going to run it again!&quot; I insisted &amp; told him that I did not believe him that it did not work, which he angrily, and reluctantly ran it again, not punching in the numbers, just swiping it, then asking for another cc card, or telling me to go to an ATM machine. At this point, I was very suspicious, as it seems they just wanted cash? I don't know. However, this person was adament that other guests cc's work ed &amp; it was just mine that didn't. What kind of screwed up service is this??? It supposed to be a 4* hotel? Ha! During all of this, a girl came with a cup of juice with a straw in it, &amp; placed it on what looked like a used paper doily with a stain on it. By this time, I was so angry, I wanted to catch a cab back to the airport, &amp; change my ticket, get on the next flight out of Dubai, &amp; return to my onward destination, all of which I told this desk clerk, which seemed to infuriate him more. I then asked if there was an internet cafe around &amp; he reluctantly said they have a &quot;business&quot; center in their lobby, which was 20 dh for one hour. I gave him the $ &amp; made a reservation with the cc that he insisted did not work on orbitz, pre-paid, at the same rate of $127/night, $147 with tax. When I return with this printed reservation, he did not seem happy about it. Again with the phone calls to someone far off. He finally said that &quot;they&quot; had not received the reservation confirmation and to &quot;wait&quot; until they received it. He &amp; the person on the phone did not offer to call orbitz or e-mail them, or just to look at my reservation and see that it was pre-paid. Nor did they offer for me to sit by the pool, have a drink or anything. They did not give any sort of timeline or offer to look into it, or check me in, until they got the reservation confirmation, etc. All in all, it was a very strange thing. No hospitality at all. In fact the exact opposite. Very rude &amp; hostile. After flying all night, needing a shower, &amp; very tired, I called Orbitz in the US on my int cell phone. Orbitz got on the ball &amp; called this hotel, with a lot of long holds, with Orbitz having to call them back. That did the trick, &amp; the angry front desk attendant finally got back to me that that received the confirmation reservation. To his credit, knowing I flew all night, he offered me a room, albeit a smoking room, although &quot;check-in time wasn't until 2 pm.&quot; And to his credit, he said that I could check out the room, as it &quot;didn't smell that bad,&quot; and there would be a non-smoking one available at 2. The room smelled bad, so back downstairs I went with the porter. Miraculously two other rooms were available, which I might have gotten upgraded to. There were ashtrays &amp; the porter said it was a smoking room. It smelled a little stale at first &amp; he offered to &quot;spray it,&quot; but it was okay. Fast forward, the room itself was pretty nice. It was just the way I was treated, like a criminal, who they think didn't have a valid cc is what soured it for me. Oh yeah, after saying the confirmation was there, he said he still needed a valid cc &amp; asked if I got my cc &quot;sorted out.&quot; I reiterated that it was valid, &amp; I just pre-paid that Orbitz with the same card. He said he needed a card in case I wanted to make phone calls or charge things to the room. He seemed very angry that I gave him that same card, which he quickly swiped again, &amp; it did not work. Very fishy. Well, after getting to my room, I hopped in the shower. During my shower, I heard someone pounding loudly on my door, on 2 separate occasions, then phoning my room. After my shower, being so tired, I unplugged the phone, &amp; crawled into bed. This seemed to be the norm of this hotel, however, very poor/harrassing service. One night, after laying in bed with ear plugs in, the AC going, &amp; the bathroom fan until 2:00 AM, I called the front desk to see if there was music left on in the pool area. I got a rude reception, where at first he said, &quot;hello,&quot; then hung up, then took the info &amp; said he would look into it. No follow-up, so I got dressed to see where the music was coming from. Approximately 15 minutes after my call, security was headed to my room to come inside &amp; check out the noise. Also very strange. I think they should have found the problem and not have some strange man come to my room. I was told there was a disco below my room &amp; that was where the noise was coming from. Thus, I got about 2 hours of sleep before getting up at 6:30 AM for an early morning tour. Right after returning to my room after my tour to take a nap, I received a phone a 2:00 PM, the day before I was to check out, by a male voice, front desk staff, demanding that he come up right then and there to &quot;check&quot; my mini-bar. I was infuriated &amp; aghast &amp; said loudly &amp; firnly, &quot;No! I am taking a nap right now! I haven't used anything out of the mini-bar!&quot; The male voice kept insisting as we went back &amp; forth &amp; he said that he would &quot;be right up.&quot; Again, I yelled, &quot;NO!!! I'M TAKING A NAP RIGHT NOW!!! YOU'RE NOT COMING UP!&quot; And, I hung up the phone. This was about the most messed up stay that I have ever had. I felt harrassed by this front desk clerk. When I saw him briefly once during my stay, he gave me an angry, hostile look. Seriously, with the world economy the way it is, travel will probably be down, and this hotel touting itself as a 4*, what a joke. They have no concept of how to treat guests. Nobody ever did open up a map and show me where I was or how to get to anything. When I asked one of the Asian front desk clerks where the gold souk was at, she did not speak English very well, and made gestures with her hands. The whole cc debaucle seemed like a ploy to hold me hostage and get me to spend $ only on their restaurants. The angry desk clerk made a big deal of telling me that he would put &quot;pay cash only,&quot; if I wanted anything from the hotel. The whole thing was just very fishy and unprofessional to me. As far as Dubai, it's the &quot;Emperor where's no clothes&quot; as far as I'm concerned. Ugly buildings. People seemed depressed &amp; unhappy. Like going to a milltown where people are just working to send $ home. Since 80% are Indians, Shri Lankins, Phillopenos, there was no local scene. I have nothing against immigrants, &amp; I would like to go to some of those places, but I just found Dubai very depressing. The museum was hokey &amp; people just seemed angry to me. The hop-on bus, the guide just walked away while I was trying to get info from her. Plus, they seemed like aggressive. Almost every stop there was someone getting on the bus asking to see our tickets &amp; making a big deal about &quot;no ticket, no ride.&quot; Dubai just seemed like a black hole where $ was dumped in, with no transit system, everything was far away, &amp; it had none of the glitz which I thought, &amp; virtually no history. Sorry, but I couldn't wait to leave Dubai or this hotel!	
Dec 18 2008 	Over Rated	We choose this hotel by it's reviews and also because it had availabilty over eid, the hotel looked lovely and a great location to see all the sights but this was not the case, when asking the reception what the area had to offer she couldn't offer any information and failed to give us a map of the area, eventhough the Dubai Museum was across the road !!!! as to the complimentary fruit and dates on arrival we didn't get any, the room was nice view wasn't, pool very small more than 5 people in it would feel crowded, jacuzzi you had to pay extra to use it, all in all i wouldn't recommend this hotel. The four star rating is over rated for this hotel.	
Dec 11 2008 	Very nice hotel	Hotel was in my opnion 4 star plus, with nice room, very good breakfast. Staff were customer oreinted. Good location. I will definitely stay here. I had checked previous reviews and selected this hotel.	
Dec 10 2008 	Great location	Sayed here for three nights 4th-7th November as a stop over on way to New Zealand. We chose the hotel for its central location and could not fault this. A mere 100 yards to the red bus stop and a very short walk to the Creek where I recommend a local Abra (water taxi) to the opposite shore for 1 Dirham - so cheap and they run all day to various points on the other side. Get a good map, plan where you want to go and use the local transport where necessary. Taxis are cheap too.The hotel was lovely and in its heyday it must have been very opululent. Now it is overshadowed by some of the more modern glitzy places. We were made very welcome at every turn, the staff were pleasant and efficient. We ate at the Tex Mex restaurant and found it good value for money with a wide menu. We also used the Asian resurant and although a bit more pricey was still good value.The pool area was a reasonable size and well stocked with chairs and tables.My only criticism would be that the soft furnishings and linens could do with being replaced. They were not dirty or torn - just a bit faded and in need of an update.	
Dec 8 2008 	Perfect Location	This hotel is in a great location for the indian Meena bazaar shopping. The staff are excellent as are the facilities. The rooms are of a superior quality and your are treated to complimentary fresh fruit and dates on arrival. The breakfast which was serviced on the Mezzanine floor served a wide variety of dishes and the waiting staff were pleasant and attentive. The Sherlock Holmes bar is a typical English pub in the hotel - the prices for drinks are a little steep. All in all a pleasant stay, I would return there.	
Dec 7 2008 	great location!	We had a brief stopover in Dubai on our way to Egypt and we were excited to see how Dubai had changed in the years since we had left after living there 1990-92. We wanted to stay near some of the older historic areas and we picked the Arabian Courtyard for its location. We were very happy with the hotel. We booked an upgrade room on their website which gave us breakfast included, access to the business center, which was nice for free internet and drinks and canapes, which substituted for dinner after a large, late lunch. We liked the proximity to the water taxis to cross the creek to the markets. I loved walking around the bastakia area, just down the street from the hotel. Beautiful architecture -- and it was so nice to see a little bit of the old Dubai character still around. It was nice to have the museum and things to do within walking distance of the hotel, so we didn't have to take a taxi everywhere, though taxis are very cheap. We thought the room was fine, though the roll-away bed for my son was quite hard and uncomfortable. We really enjoyed the breakfast and thought there was plenty of variety.	
Dec 4 2008	Fantastic	We stayed at the Arabian Courtyard hotel for a week in November, we had seen a number of mixed reviews on this hotel, but the hotel was of very high standard, and everything in the hotel was exceptionally clean.The rooms were very spacious, comfortable with good aircon. The bathrooms were also very clean, there were complimentary newspapers every day and bottles of water, the staff were very friendly and always willing to help (as you will find in most places in Dubai,) the hotel is right opposite the Dubai Museum in Bar Dubai. The location was fantastic just 5 mins walk from Dubai Creek where you can get water bus to the other side for 1 Dhr. This took us to the Gold souks a must if you like a to barter!The hotel has 3 restaurants, a pub, a cafe and a spa which were all very nice. I would recommend you eat in this hotel as the food is exceptional whether it be the buffet breakfast, Chinese or at the Sherlock Holmes pub as the food was very good large portions though,The hotel provides a free service to Jumeira beach and also brings you back (just the place to relax from all that Shopping,). They also provide a beach pack which you can take with you which is available from the spa, Overall it was one of the best holidays we have had and would have loved to stay longer we will be looking to return as we would love to see the changes to Dubai, We would recommend you book the desert safari an absolutely amazing experience!	
Dec 4 2008 	Great Hotel And Service	I was in Dubai for 2 days for business and not sure of where to stay that was central. Arabian Courtyard had loads of reviews and mostly good so I decided to try! I was not dissapointed! I flew into Dubai from China at 5am and arrived att he hotel at around 6am. Knowing that rooms are not usually ready until after midday at the earliest, I was prepared to just dump my bags and mooch around until then. However the hotel went out of their wa to get a room available in about one and half hours..no extra charge! Brilliant! I jst waited in the lounge and enjoyed the coffee!!The location is great as you can walk to places and as other reviews said, the creek is just about 5 mins on an abra - the best value 1 AED ever spent!! I only ate in the Asian restaurant and had Thai what was very good.I would defianlty stay there again if in Dubai - well done Arabain Courtyard	
Dec 3 2008 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at the arabian Courtyard and have to say we had a fantastic time. This hotel is situated in the old part of Dubai. You can get to the creek within a 5 min walk. You can take a small boat across the creek where you will find the Gold Souk. I cannot fault the hotel. Everything eceptionally clean &amp; all staff were very helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. I throroughly recommend you eat in this hotel as the food is exceptional whether it be the breakfast, chinese or at the Sherlock Holmes pub. Beware the meals are huge. If you dont fancy anything there you can find a Kentucky 5 mins walk away. This place is fantastic as you get to see all the culture but the doorman will call you a taxi and take you to the state of the art places such as The Burg &amp; the great shopping centres &amp; Atlantic Hotel. People are so friendly &amp; its so safe. I thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone. I also recommend going on desert safari. Absloute delight! I really want to go back in two years time. Also you can book a free bus from the hotel to take you to the beach. It costs 5 dirham to get in but well worth it. The bus will then pick you back up &amp; back to hotel. The spa in hotel will supply you with a towel &amp; beach pack free of charge.	
Nov 30 2008 	Good hotel - but not best Dubai has to offer	I stayed at the Arabian Courtyard for three nights with a female friend. It was our first time in Dubai and we weren't sure what area to stay in so opted for a few days &quot;downtown&quot; (Bur Dubai) and a few days at Jumeirah. Mainly booked this hotel due to the good reviews on this site.First impressions weren't great, chiefly due to the location. It's downtown and very close to Little India, which means lots of shops, markets etc and doesn't look like the most salubrious area (it is in fact very colourful, interesting and safe but as a first timer to Dubai it looked slightly seedy initially). We had requested an early check in and they did their best to accomodate us, we only had to wait for half an hour or so. The rooms was really nice. We had opted for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room and it was quite large, very clean with a nice big bathroom, so no complaints on that front. The pool area is quite nice but one thing I was surprised/disappointed by is that you have to pay to use the sauna/steam room which I thought was a bit mean. The staff are really really nice and helpful, absolutely fantastic (as you will find in most places in Dubai, the staff are great - although you get the impression that they don't have the best jobs in the world and are probably paid/treated quite badly, although that's just a guess). However (and this is the case in a lot of places in Dubai), the staff aren't that well trained, so you do get a few misunderstandings etc but this is not the fault of the staff, just the fault of the language barrier - the staff were always very well meaning and tried their absolute best on all occasions.The one thing I would say is terrible about this hotel is the breakfast! We arrived early on the first morning and there wasn't anywhere nearby (or so we thought...more of this below) to eat so we had breakfast in the hotel.....it was pretty rubbish (tinned fruit, juice from concentrate, not very nice bread,wierd things like cottage pie...) and we were charged the equivalent of £15 each for the privilege of having a slice of toast and some tea! Breakfst was included with our room from the next morning onwards but it was so bad we chose to go to the Bastiyaka cafe, which is a gorgeous cafe about five minutes walk from the hotel (turn right outside the door and walk for about five mins, then cross the road). All in all, this isn't a bad hotel and we didn't pay that much for it (about £120 a night) but having stayed in other hotels in Dubai, it really isn't the best that Dubai has to offer. We spent a lot of time in taxis going to places like the Dubai Beach Resort, the Madinat, places on Sheikh Zayed Road etc, so I'm a bit confused when people say the location here is great, as there isn't that much to see nearby, all the action really takes place more towards Jumeirah or near Sheikh Zayed Road. There are a few bits and bobs to do here, like the Bastikaya quarter, the Dubai Museum, taking an abra to Deira, and it's close to the ethnic neighbourhood of Satwa (good for getting clothes made) and Karama (good for shopping for fake designer wares) but otherwise there's nothing happening, i.e. no good restaurants/clubs nearby. If I came back I would stay somewhere that is in between Bur Dubai and Jumeirah, perhaps on Sheikh Zayed Road or the Dubai Marine Beach Resort. I would also pay a bit more money to have the full Dubai five star experience as although I have no real complaints about the Arabian Courtyard, it's not really very flash and I feel that we missed out a bit.	
Nov 25 2008 	A Great Value in A Great Location!	In researching hotel rooms in Dubai, we were surprised at how expensive most rooms were. In reviewing hotels on Trip Advisor.com, we came across the Arabian Courtyard Hotel...and 23 of 24 reviews &quot;recommended&quot; the hotel, and said what a great value it was, so we decided to stay there. I can't state enough how pleased we were with our stay at the Arabian Courtyard. The location was fantastic....being directly across the street from the Dubai Museum in Bar Dubai. The river was only a few minutes stroll away, just past the Grand Mosque, and your are by Dubia Souq, hence great shopping could be had just down the street from the hotel. The hotel room price was fantastic, the room they gave us (overlooking the museum and the river) was terrific and really well decorated, the buffet breakfast was far better than most, and the hotel staff was extremely helpful and very friendly....and the price was far less than most of the hotels we had seen online. We will stay there again. Unfortunately, the fourth night we were in Dubai we had to move out of the hotel as it was oversold we and leave Bur Dubai and the Arabian Courtyard behind. We ended up in the &quot;new&quot; section of town with all of the new hotels...i.e. The Shangri La, The Four Points Sheraton, etc. and while those hotel command top prices and may have excellent rooms, the location is awful. If you leave your hotel there is nowhere interesting to walk, which is the exact opposite of The Arabian Courtyard...for their is life, and soul, outside of the Arabian Courtyard. If you need to stay in Bur Dubai, trust me, you will be happy you stayed at the Arabian Courtyard. And ask for a room overlooking the Museum/River!	
Nov 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel! (D 	We stayed at the hotel for a week in November and went in with an open mind as we had seen a number of mixed reviews.We arrived early morning and hotel check in was not until 2pm. The hotel staff did everything they could to accomodate us until a room became available and we were pleased to have been lucky enough to get room by 10am.The hotel was of very high standards, everything from the reception, the staff to the rooms and restaurants.The rooms were very spacious, comfortable and very clean with aircon. The bathrooms were also very clean and nice a little small but adequate.The staff were very friendly and always willing to help.The hotel is right next to Mina Bazaar and just 5 mins walk from Dubai Creek where you can get abra (water bus) to the other side for 1 Dhr. This took us to the Gold souks and the spice souks.The hotel has 3 restaurants, a pub, a cafe and a spa which were all very nice. The hotel provides a free service to Jumeira beach and also brings you back. They also provide a beach pack which you can take with you.On arrival we received a voucher for a complimentary 10min massage. There were complimentary newspapers every day, bottles of water and a bowl of fruit.Overall it was one of the best holidays we have had and would have loved to stay longer. We would recommend to all!	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Hotel	I didn't expect a 4 star hotel to be fantastic but Arabian Courtyard is an exception. The location isn't bad, just a bit far from the Big malls and Sheikh Zayed road howver its walking distance to the creek and meena bazaar (asian textile bazaar). The rooms are first rate; honestly they were comfortable and well maintained. The bathroom was also nice. I loved the service we recieved as it was always quick and with a genuine smile. The breakfast ithe Basthakiya cafe was always interesting with so much choice and the Silk route restaurant was amazing. I also tried barrys bench within the hotel which was a mexican restaurant and i could not finish the food; it was in such generous portions. The concierge service was always simple and friendly for advice and help and helped us arrange many things. There is a shuttle service that runs in the morning on most days which drops you to Jumeirah beach and if you want to go the malls or city centre; its cheaper to take the shuttle to the beach and catch a cab from there. Overall i didnt have anything to complain about and would stay here again.	
Nov 18 2008 	fantastic	we were visit in this hotel for four days in august 08.service was excellent and the staff was very helpfull.the main attraction of this hotel is that its near the market.u can get each and every thing with in few step away.we have found the main problem of dubai was availabilty of taxies.but if u r staying in this hotel u can get a taxi within a minute.buffet breakfast was excellent especially different kind of curds. our experience was very good.it is not a very big and specious hotel but it is good.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great hotel in a busy district	I stayed there for 4 nights with a friend over a business/vacation trip. I did not much know about Dubai at the time of reservation, and reserved just based on the nightly rate and Travelocity reviews.I reserved a standard room, but for an unknown reason was upgraded to an executive suit for no extra charges; which was MARVELOUS. A clean, spacious, quiet and beautiful suit.Bur Dubai location was great for business, not for a holiday trip. In case you there for fun, beach or mall shopping make sure you get rather close to Jumeirah. By the way, I liked the service, kindness and helpfulness of the staff. Every time we needed a thing it was there within minutes, and they actually make follow-up calls to our room to make sure that we received what we had asked for. There was a free Wi-Fi.However, if you rent a car, which I strongly advise you to do because of the long queues for taxi and cheap gasoline in Dubai, be aware that the valet parking service in this hotel is quite slow. Call concierge 20 minutes before you leave. The parking lot is remote, and at busy hours you may become frustrated with the valet system. There is almost no temporary parking around.And, getting Alcohol, is another challenge in Dubai generally. The mini bar was full, but you will have to pay much for each sip of your drink. We were charged some extra 800DHS on check-out due to the no-liqueur-shop policy there.I just have to mention that at the time of check-out there was a confusion in the concierge and we had to wait for 30min. before our luggage was carried down-stairs. I can, however, neglect concierge confusions, because every-thing else was extra0ordinary. I can not guarantee though that I would have been as satisfied had the room not been upgraded. Still I guess the hotel deserved the traveler's choice award of top 5 percent hotels.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great location for exploring old Dubai	Our family of four including 9 year old twins enjoyed our 6 nights at Arabian Courtyard. We booked the family suite and were a little concerned when we arrived to find that the sofa bed had not been made up and was probably too small for the twins to share. This was fixed promptly by Housekeeping and a portable bed was also provided so that the twins could sleep comfortably. The king size bed was firm but we are used to that because we live in Thailand - others may find it too firm. The decor was dark, heavy furniture with unusual wardrobe with cutouts reminiscent of mosaic - to me this seemed more authentic than the usual hotel room decor. I can always picture the rooms better in hotels where they decorate differently. There was quite a lot of dust under the heavy curtains and the bed but otherwise the housekeeping was fine. The reasons we stayed at the Arabian Courtyard were location, price and the family room. I always have problems finding hotels that will guarantee interconnecting doors so tend to look for the hotels that provide quad or family rooms. The location is excellent - right across the street from the Dubai Museum (which has enough to keep the kids interested as well as the adults). It is also within walking distance of two abra stations. Food was no problem - there are shawermas available across and down the street. We also ate in the pub and the Mexican restaurant at the hotel. We enjoyed the breakfast at the hotel - there was variety including cereals, breads, cold meats and cheese, yoghurt, middle eastern foods as well as eggs, sausages and some other hot foods. The assistance provided by the concierge and the doormen was good, although be aware that it is difficult to get taxis at some times. We did have noise from the room next door - some man on his mobile most of the night and then sleeping through his alarm. We enjoyed hearing the call to prayer although it meant the children were awake before 6am. We were very happy with our selection of this hotel, particularly the location.	
Nov 1 2008 	Friendly helpful staff	My husband and I have just stayed at the Arbabian Courtyard Hotel and enjoy it tremendously. Lovely room, quite spacious and clean. Husband enjoyed the use of the gym, sauna and pool.The cooked breakfast was the only part we did not enjoy, but could have just been personal taste. Would recomend this hotel for the central location, staff and amenities. Good choice for the price.	
Oct 23 2008 	Business Dinner	I hosted a business dinner here for 50 executives in October. Must admit, I was a bit nervous given that it was (only) a four-star hotel. This group is used to 5+ rated hotels/restaurants. The reason I went with this venue is location. We wanted to incorporate the Dubai Museum into our trip and since it was directly across the street, it made it an ideal choice. Our dinner was a great success. We used the courtyard by the pool for our cocktail reception. The staff did a wonderful job in transforming this poolside area into a charming environment for the guests to enjoy drinks and appetizers before dinner. And although it was hot, I was surprised how many people chose to linger out there. The food was good (not incredible) but given the cost, it was fine. Everyone seemed to enjoy it. Of all the restaurants we visited in Dubai, the staff at the Arabian Courtyard were the most hospitable and efficient. They really rolled out the red carpet for us.	
Oct 19 2008 	LOVED THIS HOTEL	my hubby and i stayed here for 6 nights , from the moment we checked in to checking out everything went brillwe had a lovely room at above the pool area , you could hear the call for prayers from the nearby mosque here which we lovedthe room was very spacious and clean , the aircon was brill and the bed was sooooo comfy , very high thread count beddingthe breakfast was lovely with everything you could want and more,it was ramadan when we were there so the indian restaurant was closed but we tried the thai/chinese and it was lovely and well priced and the sherlock holmes bar was good for a light bite and a drink or two, again well pricedthe pool area was quite small , but we couldn't complain we had the whole area to ourselves every afternoon , it was like having a private pool in a villa :)we had coffee in the ahlan lounge everyday , they do lovely cakes as well , not good for the waist line though ,so be warned :)the staff were all polite and willing to help but not intrusive we booked a couple of trips including a desert safari and we did the big bus tour which stops over the road , good value for money although the beach tour seemed over longwe also walked to the abra station grom the hotel and went to the gold souks in deira , we walked back through the tunnel and walked round past the heritage centre then back up to the hotel ,we felt completly safe although very very hot , take some water out with you we shopped nearby to hotel and got some fantastic silk bedding , worth having a look locally instead of just doing the mallsi thought dubai was fantastic and would stay at the arabian courtyard again, in fact i've been looking to book for 2009happy holidays to you all :)	
Oct 17 2008 	Good hotel perfect location	The hotel is located right in the center of Bur Dubai, next to the Dubai Musem. Perfect for tourists! The room was great with a view onto the museum. Friendly and helpful staff. The Sherlock Holmes Pub in the hotel is a bit overprized and smoking should be banned but a great place to relax anyway.	
Oct 8 2008 	Good for a stopover	We stayed at the Arabian Courtyard for a one night stopover on the way to Cyprus. It was clean, in a good location (i.e. away from construciton sites in the new areas), and the rooms were a good size and reasonably well equipped.However, the one glitch was the quality of the service. It's possible that this may be because many people in Dubai working in the hospitality industry appear to be from other countries working there temporarily, and there seems to be an underlying sense of impermanence. Almost like a caravanserai mirage.We wanted to book the rooms the night before we flew in to have them available for us when we arrived at around 7.00am in the morning. We spent quite a bit of time communicating this to the hotel before we travelled, including flight details and arrival times. When we arrived they could'nt find our booking until someone found it in a &quot;No Show&quot; tray under the counter. Unfortunately I didn't take with me a copy of the e-mails and confirmations of what we had arranged. We did get our rooms after some explanation, but only after some stress on our part (having flown overnight for 11 hours) and without apology and at full charge.As for Dubai, we found it over-priced, over-hyped, and vaguely dissatisfying. Yes, everything was eye-popping - the Burj, the Mall of the Emirates, the indoor snow field, the Palm Islands, the tallest building in the world - but once your eyes had popped your brain dropped back to neutral and into &quot;yeah, okay, so what's next&quot; mode.There was no lasting searing impression that would stay with you the same way as, say, seeing Hong Kong from Victoria Harbour, or having breakfast on a rooftop terrace in Istanbul overlooking the Blue Mosque and the Sea of Marmara. It was hard not to conclude that Dubai's reason for existence seems to be the same reason why a dog licks itself... ... because it can. As Gertrude Stein wrote about Oakland, there's no there there.For us, Dubai is a shorter flight stopover/spring point when heading west from Australia to Europe/Middle East than Singapopre or KL. As a destination in its own right, probably better to check it out on the internet - it's a lot cheaper and leaves the same impression, at least you don't need to pay to see the interior of the Burj.We would use the Arabian Courtyard again for a stopover and recommend it for that reason. In the context of Dubai generally, it is good value and above average.	
Oct 8 2008 	very good	This is an ideally situated hotel in the old town off Dubai. The rooms are large with all amenities, our air con was not working and we had to move rooms which was a bit of hasle. It was ramadan while we where there and this was a bit strange but that is there religion. The breakfast was fine loads of choice. They put on a courtesy bus to the beach which was perfect, it did't seem long but was fine has it was hot. There was always taxi's outside and this would be only a few pounds to get back to the hotel. We used Taxi's alot you go for miles and it's only £3-4 pound, there meter stops when they stop so bargin, we walked to the creek and went to the museum which was interesting. We also took the boat over the creek which was an experience. we booked a table at the Burj hotel but we did this indepedantly and this is a must in Dubai. We also ate at the Renassaince Hotel spice island and would recomment this also. The pub in the hotel was good. Shopping was dissapponting but enjoyed the whole exoeraince of Dubai and would go back for no more tha 4 days.	
Oct 1 2008 	A Little Over-Priced For 4 Star	Just got back from AC, was there for 1 week during ramadan,which i was fully aware off. on arrival at 8am (had previously requested early check in due to overnight flight and this was on all documentation) had to wait in cafe area no room ready, not a good start and not even a welcome drink or coffee.Room wasa standard room big enough and clean. as i was half board the breakfast was buffet with a good selection, dinner was also buffet but a bit repetitive. complimentary bus to beach only once a day with return at lunch time. Every body has stated pool was small and i have to agree, also it gets shaded early afternoon. starbucks coffee shop with hiked up prices, i thought the benefit of going 4star instead of 5star would be in the drinks etc but no pub prices for soft drinks and alcohol i thought were overpriced given that you wer'ent exactly in luxurious surrounding. Positives though was a good location, most expensive taxis were to the atlantis and mall of emirates about £10 and £12. Staff were very nice and for the bargain price i paid i think i got value for money.	
Sep 29 2008 	Just about meets 4 star rating.	The hotel is quite old but reasonably maintained. There was no 'welcome' drink, which was a disappointment. Room cleanliness varies with each housekeeper. Kingsize bed was very comfortable. Drinks in their pub are overpriced. Buffet breakfast is good. My only complaint is the stale/damp air smell when you enter room 502.	
Sep 28 2008 	great place excellent location	Excellent location, directly opposite the Dubai Museum and five minutes walk from the Creek. Clean, well equipped, well maintained. Unfortunately we weren't able to sample all the facilities as we were there during Ramadan, but what was available was great. The staff - especially those on the Concierge desk - were extremely helpful.	
Sep 28 2008 	Arabian Courtyard.....Fantastic!	I loved my stay here. The staff were friendly and helpful, the Restaurants good and affordable and my room interesting and well equiped. Everything I needed was within the hotel including a fantastic day spa that was not expensive. If I get the chance to stay at The Arabian Courtyard again I will take it.	
Sep 27 2008 	Happy Place	This a clean nice Hotel that feels &quot;Happy&quot; It is in the old twn part of dubai. Not alot around it but shops full of material.I would stay ther again. Don't bother with the Red Bus Tour. It's Expensive and only goes to the shoping malls. It is better and cheaper to go by taxi	
Sep 24 2008 	Good location and great service	We truly enjoyed our stay at the Arabian Courtyard and Dubai. Service at the hotel was exceptional from the minute we checked in. Check in and out was quick and I even received an email from the hotel upon my return thanking me for my stay and for completing the comment card.Breakfast buffet offered lots of variety and dining staff was attentive. We ate our best meal at breakfast, as we were limited during the day due to Ramadan. Lobby cafe offered a select menu during the day that you could take-away or eat there. Mexican resturant next door was pretty good and opened at 4pm.Rooms were spacious, clean and offered all the amenities that I felt a four star hotel would offer. Loved the Arabic style.Taxi cabs were a must to most sites.We were able to walk to the creek and cross to the gold &amp; spice souk, Heritage center and the Dubai Museum from the hotel. Taxi's were inexpensive and most driver's spoke English. Hotel offers currency exchange, but found the rate at the foreign exchange company right next door was a little better. Hotel does not cash traveler's cheques. You always want to try and have smaller bills and coins, as you will find that many do not have change. Overall a great trip and I would return to Dubai and the Arabian Courtyard.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great hotel good location service abit disappointing	This was not a bad hotel to choose during Ramadan (whilst we were there) as the hotel has quite a wide selection of places to eat (chinese/thai restaurant, english pub, ranch type snack bar, indian restaurant, breakfast &amp; lunch buffet). We found it better to eat in the hotel on a night rather than going out. Most of the bars in Dubai are actually in hotels anyway. If you go out use a licensed taxi-they are readily available.Getting around Dubai is easy as taxis are cheap and most people speak English. I would recommend the city bus tour (red line) as it helps you get your bearings and stops right opposite Dubai Museum - outside hotel. The blue line of this tour is not so interesting and takes a long time.With regard to dress during Ramadan I would say knee length skirts are ok and sleeveless tops you can get away with but revealing more flesh than that does attract alot of stares!We stayed in the hotel for 4 nights. The hotel itself is very clean and the staff in the restaurants and bell-boys were very friendly and helpful. However the reception desk staff were not exactly forthcoming about dealing with queries and the travel desk staff gave very confused messages on the trips. Hot air balloon trips don't run April to October even though we were told they did.We chose two trips whilst in Dubai. The desert safari was good value for money. The guy who actually took us on the trip was great and made sure we were safe and comfortable. He was a very competent driver.The second trip we took was to have cocktails in the Skyview Bar at the Burj Al Arab. This was a great experience but alittle pricey (cocktails were about £15 each, minimum spend per person for the trip was 275 Dirhams-just short of £50). This meant we could have about 3 cocktails each but it is worth it and is a once in a lifetime thing. We were really glad we did this trip and it was one of the highlights of the holiday.I would strongly recommend paying cash for all trips the hotel book for you. My main gripe with this hotel was with their travel rep. She made a mistake when putting the price of one of the trips through our credit card (4700 DHs rather than 470). Instead of sorting this out for us we had to spend an hour and a half on our last day sat in reception asking for this to be resolved. She did not apologise at all and the manager was also unable to sort the refund out promptly which did not instill my confidence in using this hotel again.The hotel itself had all the amenities you could ask for and was clean and well located. I would have recommended this hotel to others but the nightmare with the travel rep has coloured my view somewhat and I think improvements do need to be made with their service. Certain staff need to become more attentive and responsive when dealing with problems, and do so promptly, which you would expect from a 4* hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	Very similar to a Holiday Inn experience	First and foremost, this is an excellent VALUE hotel - average accomodation for a reasonable price. For some reason, it is rated as a 4 Star Hotel on Expedia but my husband and I agree it is much more comparable to a 2.5 / 3 star hotel in the US, similar to a Holiday Inn. We stayed 3 nights at the Arabian Courtyard to experience the old section of Bur Dubai. The location is excellent for this as the hotel is directly across the street from the Dubai Museum as well as within walking distance of Dubai Creek and the Gold and Spice Souks. However, the area is not exactly picturesque. It is crowded with traffic-clogged streets at most hours of the day. We were disappointed with the apparent level of poverty in the area and it was not as clean as we had hoped and thought that it would be. Dubai in general is a lot different than we expected. Half of the city, if not more, is still under construction and it feels as though civilization arrived about 5 years too early. Dubai markets itself as an established, glittering hub for chic tourists and business travelers. I have also heard it described as Las Vegas on Steroids. Whoever thought that up must have been deaf and blind, especially since Dubai is a conservative country with a very conservative official religion - ISLAM. Drinking alcohol and wearing revealing clothing are definitely frowned upon. And don't even think about eating or drinking (water!) in public during Ramadan - the entire month of September! I made the dangerous mistake of carrying an iced americano out of the hotel, only to be informed 1.3 seconds later that I could be fined 10,000 Dirhams (about $3,000) for drinking in public. Restaurants are CLOSED all day until 6:30pm every day of September, as Muslims fast for breakfast and lunch. Dinner feasts (the Iftar) begin service at 6:30pm and these cost a pretty penny - typically around 150 Dirhams and up. A la carte dinner service is difficult to find unless you are at one of the many Malls in Dubai. In fact, of the 20 tourist stops on the Double Decker Bus Tour of Dubai, 15 of the stops are at Malls - and that is the point of interest! - the Mall itself.	
Sep 13 2008	Best Hotel in World	the Most amazing hotel with excellent Location and more than perfect rooms and very service was super , reccommend to all family travellers Jack Stephens	
Sep 8 2008	Great location	This hotel is in a great location. Walking distance to the musuem, gold souk, shops, old souks and indian markets. We stayed here for 3 nights and everything went smoothly. The rooms have an arabian feel and I found to be reasonably priced having regard to the cost of other hotels in Dubai. Dubai is a funny place, as the city is so big, you dont necessarily feel like you are close to everything. Having said that we still could walk to alot of places from this Hotel. For other tourist places in dubai we caught a taxi which is quite cheap.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Location 	We're currently on a 2 night stop over in the Arabian Courtyard and it's an oasis after a very long and tiring journey.Like another recent reviewer we had to pay 150 Dirham to check in early. However, considering we arrived no less than 7 hours before the allocated check in time - we consider it to be money extremely well spent.We are staying in one of the executive rooms which has a beautiful view of the museum and the harbour. Given our horribly jetlagged state, we love the fact that there are so many restaurants and amenities on site. We haven't managed to get far today as all our energy is going into staying awake.The food we've had from the foyer cafe has been extremely well prepared and very tasty. I am very impressed and would totally stay here again!	
Aug 27 2008 	Good Hotel in nice location	We booked to go to the Arabian Courtyard after reading good reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. The hotel is located in a busy part of Dubai about 200m away from Dubai creek and within easy reach of most of Dubais tourist attractions. We arrived at the hotel early in the morning and check in was not until 1400 so we had to pay to check in early which disappointed me a little after a night flight but the room was fine once we had got in.Staff and facilities were great and the air conditioning saved us from the 50+ temps outside. Great alternative to some of the more expensive Dubai hotels.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great hotel - Feels Like an Arabian Dream	This hotel was fantastic for 3 girls in Dubai. Its not right in the middle of the city or near the beach but cabs are so cheap and easy to get we didn't care. It was a little hot for my liking (50 degree humid heat) but this hotel would be good if you want something thats not too far from the city and gives you that real holiday feel. The buffet is amazing! I've never seen such a breakfast buffet and the Mexican restuarant is fantastic. Dubai was fine but definitely not somewhere I'd stay for more than 3 days, especially in summer! I'd go back to this hotel again as it was lovely, clean, the hotel staff were so friendly and its a great hotel overall.	
Aug 17 2008 	Crap Service and very small hotel	i booked my holiday with a conning company called southall travel in london first of all that company is ripping people of they charged me well above the required amount i could not back out as i had paid non returnabale depoist.They recommended me this hotel as i told them i have small children and i need somewhere that is compatable for kids this hotel i would not recommend to families. There are absolutley nothing for children here even though i had booked extra bed for kids i paid for it i still did not get it. It was too hot outside in the afternoon there was nothing for kids to do they got completely bored. Only one cartoon channel that is american one most uk kids dont watch that one. The hotel is not very big it looks big online. I got misled by the fact it said awarding winning hotel that is completely not true that is just another was of getting innocent families like ours conned. The man manager is very rude and ignorant and does not care what the famiies want. He is very greedy and selfish even though we paid for everything he wants us to pay on top of it. The hotel is not suitable for someone who wants to enjoy their holiday while in dubai.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great location executive room not worth the extra money	We loved the setting of the room, very exotic. We stayed in an executive room on the top floor, but unfortunately we were given a room right under the ventilation compressors which made it extremely noisy. Also, we were looking forward to the executive breakfast, but it was closed during our stay so we had to eat the regular breakfast. Furthermore, evening canapees and drinks were only available during late afternoon, so we never got to take advantage of them. All in all, the executive room upgrade was not worth the money during this stay.The check-in receptionist was also very rude, however the rest of the staff was really nice and attentative.All that being said, we enjoyed our stay in the hotel, but mainly because of the location. It's such a cozy neighbourhood and I am sure that other hotels of the same standard are much more expensive.	
Aug 10 2008 	Lovely hotel	This is a lovely hotel and extremely good value for money. We stayed for 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it.Room was really spacious (although bathroom abit small) with very comfy beds. Water was replenished with no hassle and clean and fluffy towels. Swimming pool area was very clean although the spa was expensive.Breakfast was excellent and service in the restaurants was faultless. Excellent location and a brilliant hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Air Con PROBLEM!!	Hi,I recently stayed at the hotel after reading excellent reviews. The hotel is all round great except for the air con. The air con vents are directly above the pillow cases which is a huge problem. This caused your face to get freezing cold during the night. The problem was so bad that we had to place the pillows in the other side of the bed in order to get some sleep. Other than this huge design fault the hotel is great in every aspect. It even has a complimentary car service to the airport which is great. The person at the door is very helpful in calling taxis. Excellent restaurants and shopping areas nearby.	
Jul 28 2008 	Do not stay here if you arrive before check in time!	Having stayed at this hotel a few years ago and encountering a positive experience i decided to stay at this hotel again. However within minutes of arriving at this hotel i knew i had made the wrong choice.Our transfer from the hotel arrived on time. We arrived at the hotel at 6am and check in time was not until 2pm. We were not given any indication of how long it would be until a room would be available.In addition a welcome drink was not provided neither was any other facility. We sat in reception for the next few hours just waiting until a room would be ready. We were finally given 1 room out of the 2 booked 5 hours later. Despite our non smoking room request, we were given a smoking room with an absolutely putrid smell. However after a long flight, having a room seemed better than not having anything at all.We were told a second room would be available on the same floor as our first if we waited a few hours longer. After agreeing to this wait, we were later disappointed. Despite having waited until 4pm for our second room, we were not given rooms on the same floor.The service in the hotel has all deteriorated compared to what was experienced a few years ago. The staff, especially the reception staff were rude and unhelpful. The quality of the food offered at breakfast was good, however the service from the staff at the restaurant left a lot to be desired.The sauna and steam room is no longer free. Despite it being a 4* spa hotel, these facilities come at an extra charge.All in all a bad experience at the Arabian Courtyard and I would not stay here again when coming to Dubai.	
Jul 25 2008	Arabian Atmosphere	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights last March and I had a great opinion about it.I was looking for a quite cheap and central hotel beacuse I wanted to visit the city of Dubai. After a long search I decided to book the Arabian Courtyard Hotel. The price was interesting (about 70 Euros per night per person, delux room, breakfast included), but the position of the hotel was the thing that attracted me the most. You should chose Arabian Courtyard if you really want to visit the city, especially the old center. From our bedroom window we could see Dubai Museum and the Grand Mosque. Dubai Souq, Bastakiya Quarter and the Creek are all within short walking distance. The hotel is a typical Arabian palace: here you won't find the international setting you find in almost every hotel in Dubai. However, the staff can speak English and you won't have any problem of comprehension.The rooms are quite large, all furnished in Arabian style. They all provide air-conditioning, telephone, tv-sat, hairdryer, minibar. The first day we found a fruit basket with apples, oranges and banans and everyday the staff brought us 2 bottles of water for free!!International breakfast included croissant, cakes, bread, marmelade, cornflakes, eggs, ham, cheese...everething!The swimming pool is really small, but there's a good wellness center.Inside the hotel there are also an Indian and a Chinese restaurant, an English Pub where you can also eat hamburgers and chips, and 2 bars where you can drink a cup of tea or Starbucks cofee.The seaside and beaches are just 10 minutes by taxi and if you want to organise a desert escape or a guided city tour, you can ask the man at the information point in the hall and he'll show you all the different opportunities.One other thing we appreciated was the kindness and helpfulness of the staff.Surly I would recommend this hotel to my friends and to all the people that want to visit the real Dubai.	
Jul 23 2008 	Not what I expected	Booked through expedia and got a great rate after reading other reviews. I then booked a transfer to the hotel directly with the hotel. After numerous emailsto the info email, I receieved no response when booking and later confirming my airport transfer. It was only after trying to contact the Asst. Hotel manager, that i indeed received a response. After a reconfirmation on time and flight details, i was disappointed to find the hotel transfer vehcle or rep nowhere in sight after landing late. After checking with airport info to try and locate him, I decided to take a taxi almost an hour later.On arrival to the hotel, we were welcomed warmly(no assistance with our baggage was ofered till after check in) Welcome drinks while checking in were a nice touch and staff were realtively friendly. The situation about the transfer was explained, but no apology offered. We were then shown to our room, nicely upgraded to one with a view of the Dubai Museum. Staff helped to take up luggage and pointed out various features of the room.Once in he room, we recieved a phonecall, saying that the hotel rep was at the airport to pick us up, asking how we got to the hotel- after explaining the situation to the receptionsist on check in, after 10 minutes, a fruit basket was brought up to the room-despite one already placed in the room earlier. Rooms are relatively large, good ammenities and nice bathrooms. Rooms were spotless and tidy.Wakeup calls were prompt and breakfast was adequate. No member of the breakfast staff made any attempt to explain the buffet and offer orders for eggs not on buffet. They did seem a it irritated when i asked for an apple juice not on the buffet and they had to walk to get it. A passing manager greeted us with a simple morning. All in all it was OK.Next night, rooms werent turned down with chocolates etc, but we never had the energy to complain. Very early check out was swift although besides taking room number, no other communication was made. I asked are we done and they said yes. That was my goodbye. A local taxi was called and that was the end of my stay at the Arabian Courtyard. The hotel has huge potential, but I would think twice about staying there on my next trip 2 Dubai.	
Jul 16 2008	Excellent	We stayed here for a one night stop over between flights and its fantastic for that purpose as everything you could need is in the hotel. They have a variety of restaurants, an 'English pub' and Starbucks coffee. There is also a great pool and spa area and beauty salon. The staff were friendly and obliging and the room was comfortable and clean.	
Jul 11 2008	The only hotel in the world i loved :-)	OMG loved this hotel, was simply superb, thought everything about this was brilliant and the Spa was great, i booked me a package on the spa was really really cool. Staff excellent, food brilliant, rooms plush and ever so quiet, love the lift!!! I booked through laterooms.com as always, always have cheap rates x	
Jul 8 2008 	lovely hotel in a good location poor wireless	Lovely hotel! Only stayed for 2 nights for a quick stop over wish I could have stayed longer! Arrived early morning but couldnt get into my room straight away. All the early morning arrivals were falling asleep in the cafe area on comfy sofas whilst waiting for their rooms. Reception was quite helpful with trying to get my room ready asap. Managed to get about 10am. Book directly through the hotel website for the best deal. Stayed in executive room on the top floor- gorgeous. Fab bed, lots of space. Great view of the museum and the surrounding area. Bathroom was very small though and was a bath-come-shower type. Would have been better with a walk-in shower and seperate bath perhaps. Basin way too small in that there was no where to put your toiletries!! But nevertheless you worked around that minor detail. Broadband is included but had problems. After trying the 3 cables reception gave me they sent the technician up. Broadband - not quite as fast as it should be. Location - great for wandering around as the river is very close so you can catch the water taxi to the souks on the other side and so is a lot of shopping areas. Just have a wander - cant really get lost! Plus the dubai museum is literally a stones throw opposite the hotel so just look for the signs to the museum! Breakfast also included - buffet - not too bad. Also included with the room for the evenings are 3 free alcoholic/non-alcoholic drinks in the executive lounge and canapes which was great! Though one night a request for an alcoholic drink at around 10:20pm was refused as the lady on duty wanted to pack up and go home!! (The exec lounge closes at 11pm) Wireless connection in lounge is free but really bad. You get a strong signal but its extremely slow and cuts out frequently. Great guy on the door who will call a taxi for you using a whistle. Check the other reviewers pics - the guy in the traditional dress with the fab beard and mush - Loved him!Didnt get to try the hotel restaurants! Maybe next time!	
Jul 6 2008 	great time	Hi if you have never been to dubai, this is a city hotel, the staff are very helpfull realy nice place. Rooms were good. We took the executive room, they have their own check in and out, you have the whole of the executive floor to yourselfs. Beer, wine and whisky is free from I think 9 to 10 everyday. They make realy nice fresh masala tea when you need it free of charge. The pool is good the sunbeds are usually full.Usually get one after a few minutes.Seperate kiddies pool. The pool area is not that big but it is ok. The steam and sauna room is good they have seperate timmings for men and women so that was no problem. You also get a free 15 massage. Which we both enjoyed and had booked ourselfs for a full body massage nice and soothing. The musem is across the road. Not alot to see from the windows no balconys. Meena baazar is walking distance so is the river. Across the river is the spice suk. You have to go to the wild wadi water park it is great. The desert safari is great, they now serve achoal in some camps but it is expensive, we went in febuary and the desert gets very cold at night so take a jumper. The river cruise it good the entertaiment was good . Sorry i do not have any photos left to share. Was a great holiday. was very safe not drunken louts or people shouting abuse.	
Jul 5 2008 	The most amazing hotel i have ever stayed at.	Well what can i say about this hotel.... absolutely amazing!!! ive stayed in a lot of hotels and wow this one just stands out so much. We arrived around midnight, was checked in swiftly by Lucky, she told all about the hotel and the room we booked, which was a business suite. our bags were taken to the room and told about our suite and how things worked.The staff in the hotel are amazing so friendly, professional, hard working, there are so many staff wanting to help and please every single guest your never waiting for more than a minute for anything.we were supposed to stay for 4 nights then move onto the Radisson in Deira, but we loved this hotel so much we cancelled the Radisson and stayed at the Arabian courtyard for our enitre stay.We ate in a couple of the restaurants and the food is out of this world, so tasty and not expensive. the best place we attended was the sherlock holmes bar, we had such an a amazing time, and was always welcomed into the bar by each member of staff by our first names, i hate being called sir. michael on the bar can show you some magic tricks, some are good (keep trying michael)the rooms/suites are big, very well cared for and comfy. you can get some amazing deals for this hotel, we found out that a standard room is actually more expensive sometimes, if u include the free drinks and breakfast, and internet so look out for the exec rooms and business suites. we found these on their website.The exec lounge is lovely, free soft drinks/tea/coffee/water throughout the day, in the evening you can choose any 3 alcoholic drinks for free, all branded spirits and there is a small buffet you can help yourself too which is quite delicious. its small but friendly, we managed to speak to a couple of guests who were lovely and down to earth, i love hearing other peoples travel stories and about their home country, you can get the real information, not just hear stories on how big and powerful people are, we couldnt care-less!!!again the staff are at hand, one on the reception and one on the bar. you can reconfirm your flights and print your boarding passes out in the lounge.We treated ourselves to a massage, which was so good and again very inexpensive for 80 mins, total relaxation. little piece of heaven...the hotel is in an excellent place and the tour bus stops right outside, the abras (water taxis are about 5 mins walk) and with with everything so close by and taxis being so cheap even being stuck in rush hour traffic, its an ideal place to stay.so.....If you want an amazing place to stay whilst in dubai then i suggest the Arabian Courtyard and Spa for a very memorable Holiday or Business trip.We would like to thank the Hotel Management and their very hardworking staff for their kind Hospitality and we look forward to staying with you again soon.Happy travelsPreston and Carl	
Jul 5 2008 	Conveniently located	We arrived early in the morning and whilst our rooms were not ready the checkin process was efficient, we were offered a complimentary juice, the use of the hotel fitness centre showers and were told they would call when a room was available but official check in time was not until 2pm. After some time and no call we checked and they were unable to advise when a room would be available so we used the travel desk to book a city tour. The desk would only discuss &quot;their tours&quot; even though we mentioned others avilable, hence it was clear this was not an impartial hotel desk but a service provider. We did use this service for a 4 hour city tour which was efifciently organised and a good way to see the city quickly and get ones bearings.We arrived back at the hotel about 2pm and our room was ready. They are a little dark but clean and tidy. Beds were &quot;very firm&quot;. Tea and coffee is in the room and a mini bar, all adequate.The only real complaint I have is the the hotel is very noisy, phones ringing and children in corridors and people in the adjoining room were all interruptions to ones quiet enjoyment.The Starbucks coffee shop is extortionately priced and I would strongly recommend stepping outside the hotel, turn right and walk a few 100metres to the great little art cafe on the other side of the street. They also do great breakfasts, lunch and dinner.This hotel is very convenient, walking distance to the Burjman shopping cente, walk to the creek and catch an abra over the creek to all the souks.Good showers, hardryer in room and willing staff.Value for money.	
Jun 25 2008	Great hotel	We stayed at the Arabian Courtyard and Spa , Efficiently greeted and in our bed after arriving at 2 am . Great breakfast , My omettes were great .Hop on Hop off bus just across the road . This was a great thing to do to get our bearings on the first day .We then crossed the creek ourselves and walked around the old area . Staff excelent , we ate in the Tex Mex and the English Pub , food and service excellent . Transfers to the airport on time .If you are arriving like us at 2am I would definately book my transfers with the hotel . It great not to have to worry about the taxies at that hour .We were ripped off by a taxi so tranfers with the hotel are the way to go . We are seniors .	
Jun 20 2008	Stay in this hotel	We arrived for our holiday late at night and exhausted. The staff at the hotel could not have been more courteous and supplied us with complimentary drinks while we checked in and efficiently got us to our room. It was stunning! Our hotel was very central for everything that we wanted to do, the big bus tour stops across the road, the museum is directly in front of the hotel, the creek is a 10 minute walk and the markets are on the doorstep. The hotel even runs a bus daily to the beach.There were 5 eateries in the hotel and every one that we tried was very good value for money. The pool is not the largest that I have seen but it is sufficient for cooling in the heat of the day and I certainly would not let this prevent me from staying in this hotel again.We found all the team in the hotel to be non obtrusive but extremely helpful and knowledgable. We have already recommended this hotel to friends and family and have decided that on return to Dubai, we would not stay anywhere else.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Staff - Great Holiday	I cannot speak highly enough of the staff at the Arabian Courtyard. From the very welcome mango juice at check in through to the speedy checkout. Nothing was too much trouble. The hotel itself was immaculate - the rooms cleaned, towels and sheets changed daily and all done without any interruption to your time thanks to the electronic 'do not disturb' console by the bed. We ate at the Mumtaz Indian restaurant twice-the food was fantastic (best Lamb biryani I’ve ever had !!) and they treated us like royalty even giving the pretty lady (ha- me!!) a rose as we left. The Tex Mex diner again served up excellent Burritos and the Boys and Girls who worked in the Sherlock Holmes Pub made us feel so welcome that we partook most nights before going back to our (free upgrade) room.Our 7-night stay went without incident or upset and I would gladly recommend this hotel to anyone. My husband and I will definitely stay there again when we return to Dubai.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Service Great Location	Our stay at the hotel was amazing. Staying in one of the executive rooms is definitely worth the small extra to paid.The location, right opposite the Dubai Musuem, is great to explore the old souks and the river nearby. And only a 2 minute walk to the refreshing Barasta Art cafe.All the staff were very friendly and helpful and went out of their way to make our holiday special.Even the small things, like the bar staff remembering what drinks you were drinking the night before, makes the stay at the hotel even more pleasant.Would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone wishing to stay in Dubai.	
Jun 19 2008 	Wish we could of stayed forever	Lydia and Lee IsaacWe have just got back from ten days in Dubai, and have had an wonderful time. The hotel was excellent and value for money. I love that the rooms were cleaned every day and the free water was well recieved. All the resturants in the hotel were amazing and provided a great atmosphere. The english pub is great to and the picture on the site do not do it justice. The pool is suitable for all needs and very relaxing, we had heard it was too small but there is so much to do in Dubai you hardly use it and when you do it is fine. I would recommend a treatment as they make you feel like a mini star I have never been soo looked after,All the staff are very helpful and friendly- we arrived late and was upgraded to a room which was bright clean and a good szie, we also had an excellent view of the Museum.In Dubai you must have afternoon tea at the Burj, it is to die for. you must hop on the big bus as it is the best way to see Dubai and you must do the desert safari this is thrill seeking and value for money. One thing I did not enjoy was Ski Dubai however my husband loved it - be warned if you have never skied before have a lesson as the slopes can be scarry.We had an fantasic time and would go back again, we would like to thank all the staff at the hotel for making our time memorable.	
Jun 18 2008	Mixed response	I've said it before in one of my reviews that I believe in the gospel of Tripadvisor. The reviews are a great tool to make sure you get what you expect based on the feedback from others - positive and negative. My wife and I traveled on Emirates from South Africa to New York City and was offered a great stopover package. Based on the reviews of this hotel we decided to stay at the Arabian Courtyard. We arrived from New York City just after 8 in the morning and after all the normal administative processes, were in the hotel just after 10:00. The hotel keeps a policy of checking out at 12 and check in is at 2 in the afternoon. A number of people mentioned on Tripadvisor how they were allowed to check in earlier and even how they were upgraded. We were told to hang around until our designated room becomes available. We decided to visit the Dubai Museum across the road in the meantime and upon our return after 12 was informed that our room has still not been vacated - after the lady at reception could not remember me. So we sat in the Ahlan Lounge. At around 13:20 (in my jet lagged state) I inquired again about my room and was told by the same lady (who again could not remember me) that &quot;You must remember that check in time is after 2 in the afternoon&quot;. Yes I knew, but my problem was that I thought she knew I was sitting and waiting. I would have expected her to use her initiative and arrange for prompt cleaning of the room and not make me feel insignificant and having me wait longer than really necessary. Then I learned that I was booked into a smoking room despite my specific indication for a non-smoking room. I did not take this offer up after she proposed that the room be &quot;sprayed&quot; whereafter I was offered a twin room. I asked to speak to the General Manager, a Mr Habib who declined my request. Eventually at the official check-in time I was given my room - this time a double non-smoking room. The rest of the stay was okay for the calibre of hotel the Arabian Courtyard is (by my standards definitely not four star as they claim to be!). The rooms are good and clean and the bed was comfortable. The resident restaurants are fine with the exception of the Sherlock Holmes Pub. This restaurant had the honor of serving me with the worst steak I have ever had and my wife almost broke a tooth on the pizza crust.The hotel staff are not friendly at all and my greetings were never acknowledged (except for the doormen). My check-in receptionist could hardly speak English and so did most of the other staff. Don't try the concierge either. Apart from us being given the wrong directions to the Abra station, I was told to make a phone call from my room to confirm my airport transfer when I approached the concierge desk to arrange this. (That was after he finished his private conversation on his cellphone.)I assume the reason for the indifferent treatment I received was because my accommodation was part of the stopover package from Emirates Airlines which offered me this hotel at a discounted rate. I say this, as I witnessed while checking out on the 17th of June, how another couple was accommodated to check in just after 07:00 in the morning. They were obviously paying the full rate and not the Emirates stopover rate. (The lady also mentioned like me that they've spent the whole previous night on a plane.) It should be mentioned that I never got the impression that the hotel was very full during our stay, based on the number of people at breakfast and in the restaurants in the evenings. I stand to be corrected ...Apart from the fact that this hotel is actually quite decent, I would not recommend it to my worst enemy due to the way I was treated by the hotel staff and the hotel General Manager who completely ignored my request to see him. Really not worth it at all. In a city that prides itself on being a premier tourist destination, you can certainly find a better four star hotel at the same rate.	
Jun 12 2008 	I loved my stay	I arrived Arabian Courtyard from Lagos Nigeria on the 5th June. I arrived at about 4am after 9 hours of flying to the welcoming smiles of wonderful staff. I was immediately upgraded. The room was simple but beautiful, small bathroom as well but lovely. Everything worked! The hotel staff were amazing! Curteous, non intrusive, helpful and respectful. I must admit I was a bit aprehensive coming to Dubai on holiday seeing that I am a black, single woman.I'm definitely coming back and that's a promise! Oh I forgot to mention, the hotel itself is beautiful and near loads of shops.Kelechi Okeahialam, Lagos, Nigeria	
Jun 12 2008 	Amazing place	I am disappointed to see this hotel had slipped down the rankings as it really was an excellent place to stay. Fantastic location, great Arabic rooms, friendly staff, efficient, clean and great restaurants. I went to Dubai, to spend quality time with my mum and it was the ideal place to stay. We went to the in-house Spa and had wonderful treatments at reasonable prices. The hotel itself was also fantastic value, the best thing to do is book directly from the hotel website. I especially loved the way you could see the old buildings from the hotel wondow, which made it even better. Really I have nothing bad to say and hope you have a good trip!	
Jun 1 2008 	Fantastic Hotel - great staff and location	I wouldnt stay anywhere else in Dubai - unless I win the lottery and can afford the Burj Al Arab!!!	
May 25 2008 	Would highly recommend	Wonderful hotel which due to its proximity to the Dubai Museum means taxis always know where to drop you off which is a big bonus in ever changing Dubai!. Staff are always friendly without needing to be tipped all the time.On arrival we were upgraded to an executive room (814) on the non smoking eighth floor without charge and with a stunning view of the Dubai museum . On my wifes birthday and again on our wedding anniversary a complimentary cake and bottle of wine was delivered with the compliments of the house. Breakfast was taken on the executive floor and was reasonable. The choice was excellent but beef bacon and veal sausages are not the same as the real thing (this is not a criticism of the hotel as it could be said for all hotels in Dubai)All in all I would go back tomorrow and would thoroughly recommend the hotel to anyone not requiring a ‘beach’ holiday.	
May 23 2008 	very clean comfortable hotel	i have just returned from a week long stay at the arabian court hotel and spa. We did not arrive until 2.00 am and the hotel staff were quick to induct us and show us to our room, on arrival we were upgraded to our surprise with no hidden extras! The staff were helpful and if you are staying in dubai on a budget this hotel offers everything you could need. A bar, restaurant, chinese and indian restaurants which served reasonable priced food. The hotel rooms are cleaned daily and towels and a linen change were undertaken every day, which also included refills on water, shampoos etc. There was no noise from surrounding rooms or the bar. I really couldnt have asked for a nicer hotel at the price! we opted to stay for a further night due to airport flights and all was accommodated. I would def stay in this hotel again.	
May 20 2008 	Great Service nice hotel	Stayed for 2 nights here, central location, did all our trips and moved to a beach location for 3 nights to relax.Lovely hotel, service excellent, rooms were lovely, breakfast superb.Couldn't fault the hotel at all.	
May 18 2008 	Recommended	My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in early September 2007 as a stopover between the Far East and the UK.The hotel is well positioned in the old part of Dubai, and faces the Dubai Museum. The museum itself provided us with a fascinating couple of hours for the tiny price of 3 dirhams each. It’s also walking distance (less than 5 minutes) to Dubai Creek. You can get the ferry across the creek for 1 dirham each, and that places you well for the Spice Souk, the Gold Souk and some of the smaller shopping malls. We also paid 50 dirhams for a private cruise up and down the creek, which was also very interesting but in a temperature of over 40 C half an hour was plenty.The hotel is in an interesting building, and inside is very atmospheric. Unfortunately the kind of restrictions on smoking that now prevail in Europe and elsewhere have not taken hold in Dubai yet, and there is a general lingering smell of tobacco smoke everywhere, but that’s not unusual for the Middle East and wasn’t particularly bad.There is a choice of restaurants and a lounge. The food we had there was good and at a reasonable price. The breakfast service was excellent and the choice and quality of food was good.The twin room was a good size, although the bathroom was rather small. Overall everything worked, and the standard of cleanliness and maintenance were good, as was the housekeeping service. We also used the laundry service, which was prompt and efficient.We used the internet facility in the room. It wasn’t the fastest broadband, but it was as good as most in hotel rooms.The staff at the Arabian Courtyard were generally very helpful and friendly. The only major exception was the “travel advisor” (Kaisar Amin of Desert Link, a company in its own right), who turned up only when it suited him, and who managed to place us on a private tour which was less than successful (see below). It was the only business he got from us!Our tour was arranged for 2 p.m. and was to involve 3 to 4 hours in a private air conditioned car. The driver turned up at 2.30 p.m. He then drove us around some parts of Dubai. The main features of the tour (in order of time spent) were:· The driver making several phone calls· The driver taking us to sales offices for accommodation in Dubai· The driver leaving us in a gallery for 25 minutes while he went to do some business of his own· The driver bemoaning his situation in Dubai and detailing his plans to emigrate to Canada· The driver listing all the ways that foreign workers in Dubai are taken advantage of· Some brief looks at a few of the landmarks in Dubai and some background informationHowever, we managed to enjoy the interesting aspects of the drive around Dubai, and we did get a good impression of the city. The tour was much less than it should have been, and I do object to being driven around by somebody who spends so much time on the phone while he’s doing it. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay (but with a couple of gripes), and although some of the hotels in the newer parts of Dubai look great and are probably very plush and luxurious, we found the location and more traditional feel of the Arabian Courtyard suited us very well.There was one other problem that’s worth mentioning. We had booked a non-smoking room via Expedia, but were assigned a smoking room. As usual, the hotel said that Expedia had not passed on the request. (Expedia always say that they are not accountable if the hotel does not satisfy requests. We’ve discovered that it’s always best to book direct with the hotel rather than via Expedia if you have any requirements at all, even if it’s just for a non-smoking room. The hotel will usually at least match the rate that Expedia quotes!) The hotel did offer to move us to a non smoking room on the second day when they would have had one available.	
May 14 2008	Great Place to Stay	I have just returned from a week long stay at the Arabian Courtyard and it was excellent - we booked airport transfers and the very helpful driver was waiting to pick us up. The hotel staff are all very friendly and can't do enough for you. The hotel is immaculately clean, the rooms are comfortable and spacious - we had 3 adults in 1 room and the size was great. Don't be put off by the size of the pool - the area is beautiful and the loungers are very comfortable and it's never very busy. If you like the beach Jumeirah Beach Park is gorgeous and only 20 minutes away by taxi which costs about £2! The water park is a must as is afternoon tea at the Burj. Can't wait to go back and would definitely stay at this hotel again - excellent value for money.	
May 11 2008 	Excellent hotel	Had a great stay in this hotel. After a long flight from Sydney, Australia we arrived at the hotel at around 9am. Check-in was slow and the reception area is not quite what I expected (but don't let this put you off). We had paid for the previous night's acommodation so we didn't have to wait long to get our room. The family suite was on the 7th floor overlooking the Dubai Museum and it was large and very clean. The location of the hotel is very convenient, everything is a short taxi ride away (depending on traffic conditions). Taxis are very reasonable so getting around is not a problem. The buffet breakfast was great. I would definately stay there again and would highly recommend it.	
May 9 2008	don't wait JUST BOOK IT!	Top hotel. The location is good; its in Bur Dubai and very close to the creek. You can catch a taxi very quickly from outside; and well; the porter will do it for you. The lobby is very welcoming and the staff are very friendly. The highlight is the room! excellent design, rooms are decently sized; very clean and the bathroom is good too. . .has the most loaded toiletry i've seen. As for the negatives; my friends claimed the swimming pool is too small; and the tv isn't loaded with premium cable package.	
May 2 2008 	Great location and loved the Middle Eastern charm of the hotel	Superb location, right across the street from the Dubai Museum and just a few blocks from the Grand Mosque and the Bur Dubai Souk area. Near a water taxi stand, too, so easy to get from the hotel across Dubai Creek to the Gold and Spice Souks! Enjoyed the Middle Eastern charm at the hotel from the room decor to the lobby decor to the great doorman who looked like he just stepped out of Arabian Nights! See the photo I've attached.	
Apr 25 2008 	abarian courtyard - good location	Arabaian courtyard is a good hotel in the centre of dubai close to the dubai musem and the bur dubai souqs and water taxis (abras).A comfortable hotel with all the amenties -. the only draw back as others have mentioned is the small pool (and noisey children in the day we went) and the crappy house wine at the pool bar.the rooms were comfortable and the shower was great. good hotel facilities, 2 water bottles per day and a paper. We had breakfast include which was a bonus! buffet breakfast each day had enough variety to get you through to lunch.A good comfortable hotel that i would recommend in the heart of the Bur dubai region.	
Apr 21 2008 	Good location	This hotel is by no means luxurious but it is adequate comfortable and clean.All the staff were friendly and helpful.Our room wasn't ready when we arrived early in the morning so we decided to upgrade to an executive room on the 7th floor and were able to get in straight away.The executive rooms have their own lounge where you are able to have free soft drinks and tea or coffee during the day and alcohol in the evening,although these are limited to three per person which is understandable.The rooms are spacious and we had water and fruit every day.You are offered a free ten minute massage at the spa which unfortunately we didn't get time to have.The pool area is very small as previous reviewers have mentioned but we did spend a couple of afternoons relaxing on the loungers.The location is excellent for discovering the old city.The souks are all nearby as is the creek and the abras(water taxi) are fun.The sherlock holmes pub is pleasant and the bar staff friendly and eager to please.The hotel runs a courtesy bus to the beach which should be taken advantage of.So, a good budget hotel for exploring the city and perhaps a first time stay.	
Apr 16 2008 	Fantastic hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights recently in March 2008. Check in was very quick. We were in a room on the 1st floor looking out at the Dubai Museum. The room is really spacious – the bathroom is very small then in comparison but we were very impressed with it. The only complaint I would have was the noise from the air con – even when it wasn’t on! Nothing ear plugs at night doesn’t block out! The road outside is also busy so I would also recommend ear plugs for this reason. We went to the Sherlocks Holmes pub for a bite to eat as it was a long flight and late in the night. Breakfast in the hotel is fabulous – there is a big buffet of eggs, cereals, meats, cheese and crackers, breads, cakes, pastries, yoghurts, juice etc. Set us up nicely for the day.I loved the location of the hotel in Bur Dubai. You are a short stroll away from the Bur Dubai Textile Souq and also the creek and the abra’s which cross the creek over to the Spice and Gold Souqs. Taxi’s are reasonable enough to get around to the other sights in Jumeriah and the malls.The staff in the hotel were very friendly – we were made to feel at home.We ate in the Indian restaurant in the hotel, Sherlock Holmes pub and the Tex Mex – we would recommend them all. The Ahlan Lounge is open 24 hours and does gorgeous cakes if you get the midnight munchies!!There is a pool on the 1st floor of the hotel also – there was some building works going on when we were there so it was no relaxing but it was a nice surprise. There is a gym and also a spa. You get a free 10 min massage coupon when checking in and it was great.All in all I would highly recommend this hotel for its friendliness, location in Old Dubai if you want the culture and its value for money.	
Apr 15 2008 	Smells like a wet dog	Ugh, thank God we stayed in this hotel for only one night! Thanks to other people's positive comments, travel brochure's praises and categorization of four stars I had a high hopes for Arabian Courtyard.At first I noticed nice location near Dubai Creek, yeah. But the first disappoiment came immediately in the reception. We had just stay few nights in Fujairah, hotel Le Meridien Al Aqah, and falled in love with the amazingly friendly staff. So we thought that most arabians are helpful and nice. But this hotel changed our views. Woman at the reception was rude, at first she said that there was a quiet weekend in the hotel, so most of the rooms were empty. But when we asked can we keep our room for four extra hours because of our flight, she looked at us very surprised and said that we must pay 400 dirham extra &quot;This is a popular hotel and we can't say ´no, we don't have any rooms` because of you&quot; . That was a quite weird but finally we promised to pay 400 dirham. And then she started to claim that the total sum was 800 dirham. So we gave up and went to our room.Room was an arabian-stylished which was okay, but the bathroom was sooooo small! And the view from our window was depressing. The worst thing was the awful smell: like a mix of cigarette, mould and wet dog! Horrible. Our room was somehow exclusive - And I don't want even know what the standard room was like.We didn't want to eat in any of the hotel's restaurants after our visit in the cafe/bar/or something on the seventh floor. We read in some information paper that there would have been served cookies. We waited for those biscuits for about half an hour and what we got: three ridiculous tiny cookies! And when we went to the same bar in the evening, there was still something more terrible. Bar was full of people who were tired and impatient and the bartender was.. Can't find words to describe him. For example, he made one drink for fifteen minutes. Still today I can't understand why the hotel took him to work here - I think it would suit him better to work in an old people's home.I don't recommed this hotel to anyone and I think it's overrated.	
Apr 14 2008	Just OK	We stayed here only one night and for that we are grateful! On arrival we discovered our room not ready. After a long drive in the heat this was more than disappointing as we only had 24 hours in Dubai and wanted to make the most of it. The chap on reception was not at all apologetic and in fact smirked as we asked why it was not ready for the 2pm check in we requested. He just kept telling us to sit down! Never at any stage were we offered a coffee or snack while we waited. We then observed we were not the only ones waiting as several others were in the same boat. Eventually our room was ready and again, no apology for delay. The rooms are average and as ours faced the front, very noisy. Ours smelt of stale smoke. We couldn't use the bar as children are not allowed in, the restaurant staff were very polite but did forget the childrens meal which mean we were well finished before they could start so it was a long long meal. The pool was tiny - we never set foot in it but just took a look. In short, its an ok hotel but not great by any means. The staff generally are very pleasant and the girl on reception when we checked out was lovely but the check in was a bad memory. Would I stay there again? No! The chap outside hailing taxis, etc. was very helpful and polite also.	
Apr 6 2008	Busy location and a nice bar	The hotel is a fairly decent place to stay for an overnight. Rooms are roomy enough and if you are a heavy sleeper you wont be bothered by the noise of traffic that is present 24h a day. Unfortunately to the those that have little interest in prayer times, there is a mosque located right next door so prayers are announce 6 times a day and boy is the early one early. Some of the rooms did have a problem with the Airconditioning and doorbells. I remember staying on the 2nd floor and when someone rang a doorbell, all bells would ring and about 20 doors open. It was actually quite hilarrious but not at 3 am. I do believe that this problem has been fixed.Sherlock Holmes is a pub on the 2nd floor and a good one. I enjoyed quite a few evenings there with Bangers &amp; Mash and perhaps a beer or 2. The friendly staff was the best.Breakfast is nothing to write home about but filled the empty spot.	
Apr 6 2008 	Grat staf good location ( away from beach) tidy rooms great food	Stayed here at end of march 08, for our honeymoon. Picked up from airport, welcomed at hotel and upgraded to a huge suite. Provided with complimentary wine on arival and free drinks on first night at one of the good quality restaurants.Food was great throught, as it is in many of the hotels here, though alcohol can be a bit expensive.Great location for wandering around dubai, but a little way out for beach and some ofthe malls, though taxis are cheap.We liked the sherlock holms pub too!	
Apr 4 2008	Good hotel	I live close to the beach so I am not interested in a beach stay but a downtown stay.The hotel is basic but with good restaurants and very well located if you want to stay in the city .A big and clean room and a fantastic breakfast, the best I had in yearsI would not stay here for a week or if you want to relax but if you want to experinece Dubai is a good point to use as a base	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Dubai Experience	The hotel could not be faulted. Staff were very friendly and always willing to help. The food in the restaurant and pub were excellent and good value for money. They have a travel desk for booking excursions or Dhow restaurant cruises.It was a great location for the nearby creek and souks. Local restaurants were even cheaper than the hotel and food just as good. This hotel is situated in downtown Dubai and 25 mins drive from beach. There is a free shuttle bus to Jumeriah beach each day provided by the hotel.Dubai is truly an amazing place with loads to do. Only wished I had more time to see everything. Desert safari was the ultimate experience.	
Mar 10 2008 	Loved Dubai	Booked with Lastminute.com as they were the cheapestArrived at 5.30 in the morning and had our check in and room straight away very swift check in great hotel good position for the gold and fabric souk and rooms and beds very large great breakfast with a vast range to suit everyone’s taste but a good way out from the beach area about 8 miles and 1 hour taxi ride in rush hour.Good range of food and great bar at Sherlock Holmes tried the Indian and Mexican food all you can eat and drink in the Mexican restaurant for £29.00 best in Dubai but Indian restaurant too authentic for me cant beat a good home balti would book hotel and Dubai again	
Mar 9 2008 	Good first impression - but not top score because of staff	The hotel was great - friendly and helpful. The disappointment was that a pair of new boots that I bought in Dubai were missing at the day we were leaving. Upgraded room because we arrived early in the morning and our room was not ready - we got the upgraded room after 6 hours waiting in the coffeebar.The spa was top with very good service. Very, very good breakfast buffet. Recommend the hotel - but keep valuable things in locked suitcase or in safe.Eileen	
Mar 5 2008 	Executive Floor - better to upgrade	Stayed on the Executive Floor. Room was beautiful. Great to be able to eat breakfast on the same floor. Great benefits for the evening (nice buffet + you get 3 alcoholic drinks each). The staff were very helpfull and friendly. The location is perfect if you don't want a 'beach front' holiday. The male locals stare at you (if you are a woman) but you get used to it - my advice is to cover up. Felt perfectly safe walking around at night. Used the 'locals' water bus service - great experience. The Indian restaurant downstairs was one of the best Indian meals i've ever had. I would stay there again but on the Executive Floor. Would recommend the 'ultimate afternoon tea' experience at the Burj Al Arab. It's worth the money (around £55 each) for an extra special treat. We had around 6 courses.	
Mar 2 2008 	Superb service great location	This hotel is in a superb location, minutes from the creek (&amp; water taxi's) &amp; old town (done the beach before). Hop on hop off tour bus picks up opposite hotel next to museum. Good choice of restaurants &amp; bar (food &amp; service very good). Room large, clean &amp; airy with all extras, view from rooms at rear of hotel rather naff. Would recommend for city stay, unable to find fault.Phil Harris, Maesteg, UK.	
Feb 6 2008	Excellent hotel	- cosy, staff absolutely lovely and friendly, good location in Bur Dubai - great local shops.	
Jan 26 2008 	we loved it	We spent a few nights at the Arabian Courtyard over the New Year period…We loved it. Our room was not ready when we arrived at the hotel in the morning so we were offered a complimentary upgrade to a room on the Executive Floor with access to the Executive Lounge offering unlimited free drinks and snacks in the evening. Could we have asked for more? Oh, yes, on my friend’s birthday we were surprised with a gorgeous birthday cake and a bottle of wine! Brilliant.The room was nice, large and bright, with wooden floor and teak furniture, commanding a sweeping view over downtown Dubai and the Creek. Double glazed windows reduce street noise to a minimum. The bathroom was somewhat small but very well appointed. Virtually everything of interest in Bur Dubai is a short hop away: the Museum (right opposite the hotel), the Old Souk, the Bastakiya Quarter, and the Creek. Even the BurJuman shopping mall is within reasonable walking distance. Those after a beach holiday should betterlook elsewhere though: Jumeirah Beach is a long, long way (it took us about one hour to reach Madinat Jumeirah by taxi). Breakfast was lovely, even if sometimes the small restaurant felt slightly crowded. We were really impressed by the variety and quality of the buffet, definitely something to look forward to first thing in the morning. There was even a non halal section with pork products fornon Muslims! But the best asset of the hotel has to be its staff. From the moment we checked in we felt welcome and looked after, and throughout our stay we got the impression our custom was highly valued. As a result, we would not hesitate to stay at the Arabian Courtyard again, or recommend it to anyone looking for reasonably priced quality accommodation right in downtown Dubai.	
Jan 24 2008 	good location but poor service	A friend and i spent 5 days at the Ariabian Courtyard in early January. Having spent 4 days at the Novotel we were really pleased with the location - it was great to be able to walk to the souk and abra station and just see a little of proper Dubai life. The main areas of the hotel seemed a little dated, but our room looked like it had been refurbished and was done out very nicely. The room was a good size and we looked directly out over the Dubai museum. There was a window in the room which we were unable to shut ourselves as it didn't have a fixed handle. On our way out to dinner we asked for the window to be shut to block out some of the street noise. On our return it was still open and it took 2 more calls before someone came to close it. The problem with service was repeated again and again. After 3 nights of struggling to sleep due to a strange squeaking noise in the room (I couldn't work out if it was a mouse or the air conditioning) I asked to move rooms. I spoke to a receptionist in the morning before we headed out for the day about this - she told me the hotel was full, but I pointed out that it was 10am, and from the pile of prepared bills in front of her i could see that there were plenty of people checking out. We told her that our bags were packed and asked if they could be moved to our new room. On our return that evening, we found that we had not been moved and the new receptionist had no record of our request. She suggested that they send housekeeping to investigate the noise. I explained that as you only heard it in the middle of the night there wasn't much point, and again asked to be moved. We were told a room would be available in an hour, so went to shower in our old room ahead of dinner reservations. After an hour, we had not heard anything and contacted reception - it took speaking to a few people to be told that the bellboy was on our way up with the new room keys and to move our bags. 10 minutes later we were still waiting, and after even more phone calls we were still waiting. I eventually had to go and track the bellboy down before we could move. After all that we returned that evening to find that our new room was directly above the function room, where a party was going on with loud music blaring until the early hours, and that there was still a strange squeaking noise in the room in the middle of the night. On top of this, the wooden floors combined with a connecting door meant we could hear someone in the next room shuffling round half the night and hear very clearly (they may as well have been standing in our room) the conversation they were having early the next morning. If it hadn't been such a complete hassle the previous day, I'd have moved rooms again.The pool at the hotel was a real disapointment - and you could see why there was only a very limited shot of it on the website. Although there weren't many sunbeds, we found that it wasn't busy so this wasn't an issue, but the pool itself was as hot as a bath. I'm all for heated pools, but it would have been nice if it had just been slightly refreshing when you wanted to take a break from the sun. We found that the cold water in the room was also always warm, so maybe it's an issue with the water supply to the hotel. The bar by the pool was mostly unmanned (you had to phone through your order if there was no-one there) and service could be quite slow. We were told on Friday afternoon that it would be difficult to serve us food &quot;because it's Friday and things are all over the place&quot; - we were also told that it would be a problem to get us drinks, again because it was Friday. We said we'd wait, at which point the barman managed wtih no trouble at all to pour us a couple of drinks - we couldn't even begin to work out why it would have been an issue in the first place, given that he was standing at the bar. We visited the Sherlock Holmes bar one evening, which was a totally unpleasant experience - the thick fog of smoke was unbearable - even for my friend who's a smoker, and the whole bar was just very tired and dated. We ate dinner in the Mexican restaurant one evening - the food was ok with massive portions, although the service was very slow.Checking out was another slow process - my bill had not been prepared in advance, and it took the receptionist a while to track down various bits of paper that she needed. I think I was sat at the desk for about 20mins in all which is not what you need when you are leaving to catch a flight. I think I would have enjoyed my stay at the Arabian Courtyard and recommended it to others if if hadn't been for the service - it really let the hotel down and meant that the other issues we had were just made worse by how they were handled.	
Jan 18 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of November. From start to finish the hotel was just amazing, the staff could not be more helpful and friendly and our upgraded executive room was just perfect. Our rate included breakfast which was in buffet style and everything you could have wanted was there. We ate in a few of the restaurants in the hotel and found no problem with these, the English Pub was comfortable for after dinner drinks and some snacks were available as well. The area where the hotel is situated in old Dubai had so much more atmosphere than near Jumeriah. If you are looking for a beach break this may not be the hotel for you, but if you are looking to soak up some real Dubai culture this is the place for you. I would ignore all comments on complaints that other users have given as this was one of the most memorable holidays I have ever been on and I think that the location and hospitality of the hotel and its staff had a lot to do with it.	
Jan 17 2008 	Good hotel	Great things about Arabian Courtyard: Good service, Great rooms, and great value for money.Not so great things about Arabian Courtyard: Pool area (which is a lot smaller than the pictures and which, at the time I stayed there had lots of noice and workers oogling the girls laying at the pool), location - the Courtyard is in the Bur sour area, so if you can afford it pay a little extra and get a hotel next to the beach.Generally a good hotel if you do not mind not being by the beach and having a small pool.	
Jan 16 2008	Should be a five star hotel	You could not ask for a better &quot;4 Star&quot; hotel. From the time they greet you outside of the hotel until the time you get to your room; they roll out the red carpet for you in everyway. This hotel is so user friendly; they go out of their way to make your stay special. All of the food places in the hotel are excellent and the service is beyond words. I have so much fun at the hotel that I ate all my meals there. This hotel is full of a team of professionals that love their jobs. The manager is onsite at least 14-16 hours a day. They are very proactive and response to your needs or rquirements. I would stay there again in the future. Keep up the great work. James WilliamsCEOQuantium	
Jan 8 2008 	Comfortable and Friendly	My family and I stayed at the Arabian Courtyard over the 2008 New Year period. The location of the hotel is excellent as it is far more convenient for the picturesque and atmospheric Bur Dubai area than the larger 'resort' hotels. The fabric souk, the museum and the Creek are just a short walk away and the streets at night are full of life (but very safe). We arrived at 9.00 am and were allocated our upgraded room within half an hour which was very welcome after a long overnight flight. The staff were, without exception, efficient, charming and helpful. Food and service in the restaurants and 'English Pub' was generally good with the exception of the Indian restaurant which was absolutely outstanding. We would have no qualms about recommending this hotel and we would certainly make it our first choice if returning to Dubai. There is also a small guest house run as an offshoot of the main establishment. Located in the nearby Bastikaya heritage area of restored buildings it offers basic traditional rooms in an old house - very picturesque and cosy!	
Jan 7 2008 	Arabian Courtyard - somewhat disappointing	Arabian Courtyard was sold as a 4 star hotel however I feel that is somewhat generous.The carpets in the hotel have clearly seen better days although much of the other furnishings are nice. The bedrooms are generously enough proportioned however there was holes in the bedding which was not acceptable and the bathrooms are in definite need of refurbishment.The pool area was smaller than represented with limited beds available. Service was also much poorer than I have seen at other Dubai hotals.Despite booking a non-smoking room a smoking room was provided and this was covered up by very generous use of air-freshner which only served to give a chemical odour in the room for hours!!!!On checking in the front desk receptionist was less than helpful but this was not the case with all the staff - and our request for an early check-in ( that had been made on several occasions) went unheeded - I would even have appreciated an email from the hotel confirming this was not possible but that was not received either despite contacting the hotel before departing for Dubai!! Overall the quality of the stay was less than the usually high standard we have received in the region and we would choose alternative accommodation next time.	
Dec 21 2007 	Wonderful hotel in the heart of the old town	Located in the heart of the old town. Lots of action around here, and a bit grittier than other parts of Dubai. The area has A LOT of personality and we loved access to the water, the gold souk, the warren of the old city.The hotel was super clean. The service was great (aside maybe from the reception desk). The rooms were lovely and large. A plate of fresh fruit was left in our room when we came back from strolling around in the evening, with a card from the hotel manager, really nice touch. I highly highly recommend the Indian restaurant located in the hotel, probably the best Indian I have ever had, with outstanding service! Run, and run fast from the Mexican restaurant! I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 11 2007 	Issues in Dubai	We stayed at the Arabian Courtyard for two nights during a stopover in Dubai. We initially only booked one night, but when our flights were changed slightly, we ended up flying into Dubai at around 5am, and we didnt have a room booked until that evening.We got a taxi to the hotel, and enquired at the desk about available rooms. We wanted a non-smoking room, and all they had was an Executive Room. They charged us a half rate for the room (since we were checking in so late).When we got to our room and tried to get some sleep (after having flown all night with no sleep) we ran into big problems. Our room seemed to be right underneath the air conditioning units on the roof, and the noise was unbearable. We made several phone calls to the front desk between 6am and 10am, and they kept taking messages and saying they would call us back about moving rooms.It wasnt until my husband went down to the desk and asked again that they moved us. They only had smoking rooms available, but they sprayed some air freshener/deodoriser to try and fix the smell. It did a little, but not 100%.From there on the service was fine. Breakfast was satisfactory. The location had its good and bad points. It is a fair way from the beaches and other sites like the Burj Al Arab and Mall of Emirates. For these, its best to choose a hotel in Jumeirah.The good thing about our city location was that we were close to sites such as the Dubai Museum (literally across the road). The Sightseeing bus also stops at the Museum so its very handy if you are doing the tours. You can purchase tickets for this on the bus. The city tour takes you to the Gold Souks and a few other good sites, and the beach tour takes you past the Burj, to the Mall of The Emirates, Wild Wadi and some of the other beaches and resorts.As for the Arabian Courtyard, the initial response regarding our room was disappointing, and it left a bad taste. I would choose another hotel if I visited Dubai again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic	I stayed at this hotel in November 2007 . We arrived at 9 am and had a room allocated by 10 am. The room was spacious and has everything you need.Beds are a bit hard ,however I still had an excellent night's sleep. The location is excellent with a short walk to the river taxi's to get to Deira. The tourist bus leaves from just outside the hotel and is well worth it as you go right round Dubai visinting all the shopping malls and sights. The food in the hotel is excellent , especially from the Sherlock Homes bar where a fillet steak costs £7.Breakfast is also good with a lot to offer in the buffet including getting your eggs or omellete cooked to order. The drinks are a lot cheaper than other hotels in Dubai. There is fantastic live music in the bar and the service is fantastic with your drink never going empty. The staff are very friendly and always greet you and ask how you are.It is one of the best hotels I have stayed in with over 25 years of travelling the world. There is a great Mexican restaurant which is next to the hotel.	
Dec 4 2007 	Absolutely worth the price	We got a great deal on hotel.com and absolutely loved our stay. The staff were very accommodating, courteous and friendly from the moment we stepped in to the hotel. We requested a crib for our son, and it was delivered with in minutes. The room was always kept clean. the buffet breakfast had too much food and well cooked. We would stay again	
Dec 3 2007 	2nd Visit - Good City Location	Our second stay at the Arabian Courtyard.Our travel agent booked us an 'executive room' which was pretty much the same as the 'none executive room' we stayed in last year but perfectly adequate and comfortable.As we had a night flight from BKK we arrived at the hotel at 8.00 a.m. and much to our relief and pleasure they had a room and allowed us to check in immediately.The exec rooms have their own lounge where breakfast is served - a nice idea - but as the food has to be transported from the main restaurant it is only lukewarm. Better to go to the main restaurant where the choice is better and the food is hot.The staff are very helpful, maid service is good and the concierge excellent.The hotel is very well situated for the city - a 5/10 minute stroll to the abbra station and a ride across the creek to the gold souk. If you want the best jewellery prices you really have to bargain hard. They will come down to around 75 - 80% of the ticket price. We bought a bangle priced at 42.000 AED for 9500 AED. If you dont get what you consider to be the right price - walk away there are scores of shops so competition is fierce.We visited Jumeriah Beach for the first time on the Hotel bus - this drops off at a park adjaecent to the beach. We stayed for a while and then caught a taxi to the Medina Souk (very expensive) but worth a visit.If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel (if there is such a thing in Dubai !!) away from the Beach the Arabian Courtyard will do the job - not pure luxury but more than adequate.	
Dec 3 2007 	fantastic location	We found this hotel from reading the Dubai forums on tripadvisor and were delighted when it was just as reviewed.The location could not be beaten. We went to the Burj and far preferred the side of town the AC was in. You literally walk out the door and no matter what direction you turn you will find something interesting to see and do, in authentic Dubai.The Indian restaurant was fantastic and we enjoyed the live band - it added to the ambience. The Mexican restaurant was excellent - the staff were terrific and the food was cheap but delicious, attested to by the queues of customers wanting to book tables.The hotel is not luxurious by Dubai standards, but it is clean and well run and of an equivalent four star standard back in the UK. It is the location which makes this, for me, a perfect choice for visiting Dubai, if you want to actually immerse yourself in the real Dubai and all that entails. The souqs and Creek are all within walking distance. Karama about ten minutes by taxi. The musuem and mosque are accross the road etc. If you do go to the other end we found taxis very cheap and the traffic wasn't bad at all - it took us 25 minutes to get to and from the Burj.All in all we found this hotel to be an excellent choice and we will defintely return.	
Dec 1 2007	hotel	we have just returned from dubai,staying at the arabian courtyard.We arrived at 12 lunchtime,room wasnt yet ready so went to eat in sherlock holmes all i can say about the food in there is that it was dire.The chinese was nice and service good.The evening we went into the indian they had a live indian band nut it was so noisy,you couldnt hear what the waiter was saying,other than that the food was good.We went for a massage while there,we had the one that lasts for 2hours and 10 minutes,foot scrub,facial and body massage that was worth every penny.We also enjoyed the free 10 minute massage you get.The rooms were good and housekeeping brilliant.The pool area was a bit of a dissappointment but we managed to get a sunbed every day.The pool guy was a bit funny when we asked for 2 towels each but at every hotel weve stayed in theyve always put 2 on for you.Didnt think much of the pool menu either,you couldnt have cranberry juice but if you went into sherlocks you could.Anyway mixed reviews on this hotel but we would stay again for the location,much better than the other side of the creek.also before we left uk i emailed them and asked if they could lay a suprise on for our sons 30th,he recieved a beautiful cake nicely decorated and a bottle of wine.Breakfast staff also brilliant	
Nov 29 2007	Arabian Courtyard is a great Hotel with good facilities and wonderful location a	Grat Hotel close to the Old Town and right next door to the Museum we were well looked after . Away from the building and beach area but easy to get everywhere close to the Canal very safe .	
Nov 20 2007 	Great Location and Staff	Just back from a fantastic 6 day break to Dubai, was a little unsure at first when booking hotel as it was away from beaches etc but location was actually superb. Located in the Bur Dubai (Old Dubai) area with a short boat ride for the Gold and Spice Souks (boat cost 15p a trip and was really great way to travel).The staff were great we arranged a pick up from the Airport costing 60D's and were met by a respresentative from the hotel and transported in their luxury car. Room free on arrival and again staff very friendly and courterous.There is a free daily transport to the beach leaving at 9.45 and returning 1.45 which is enough time to enjoy the beach and also have time in the afternoon for sight seeing. The hotel also provides a beach pack so no sandy towels.Breakfast was good and restaurants were pleasent esp the Thai restaurant out on the terrace. Only minor niggle was the pool was small and a little cold.All in all a great location at aresonable price for Dubai!!	
Oct 31 2007 	Thumbs up	Although situated in a busy area, the Arabian Courtyard is one of the best hotels i have stayed in. The staff couldnt do enough for you, food was excellent and hotel facilities were great.I would definitely stay there again, as its location is quite good due to its proxinity to Dubai Creek. And they run a shuttle bus to Jumeriah beach each morn which is very handy.Go raibh maith agat!	
Oct 31 2007 	Very good hotel 	We stayed at this hotel on the first 3 nights of our stay in Dubai, and we were pleasantly surprised. It is located in the Bur Dubai area of the city, and convenient for exploring the &quot;real Dubai&quot;, very close to the abras etc.The one thing that stood out about this hotel was the friendliness and efficiency of the staff - everyone we encountered from the accommodation assistants, to the front desk, to the concierge had top class customer service - it was clear that they have all be extremely well trained.The room was really nice, alot nicer than we expected. The only downside was that the bathroom was very small, but that didn't affect our stay.The only other thing I would say that lets this hotel down was its pool area - not great at all, very small and shaded. This didn't matter too much to us as we were moving to a beach resort for the next few nights, but if this is important to you, it is something to consider.Overall lovely hotel with great staff and would recommend.	
Oct 29 2007 	Good Service Good Value	My wife and I arrived at the hotel at 1am. Our suitcases were taken by the bell boy and we were taken to the reception. Had booked a standard room with kingsize bed, all standard rooms are on the 1st and 2nd floor, however no kingsize bed were available on these floors, so we were given a kingsize bed on the 4th floor. Taxis ride from the airport costs about 50 Dirhams and takes about 20mins. The room was spacious and looked exactly like the photos posted by other reviewers. Bathroom was clean and at high standard. The hotel is very close to meena bazaar area. Hotel provide a free bus service to jumeriah beach, sets off at 9.45am and pick up is at 1.45pm. There is a tour representative available at the hotel. We did the sun down dessrt safari (200AED) and the hop-on-hop-off bus tour (185AED). The bus tours provides a free river cruise ride and free entry into the dubai museum. The water taxis (Abra) is only 5 min away near the textile souks and takes you near to hitachi building across the creek. Costs 1 dirham each way. The emirates mall is approx 30min in the taxi and costs about 50 dirhams. Jumeriah beach is about 30min away from the hotel, probably better if you take the bus tour and hop off. Some of the hotel resturarants are closed during ramadan and ie better to buy your own food and eat in your room.	
Oct 28 2007	Good Value for Money	I stayed at this hotel on my last day in Dubai due to its proximity to several places I wished to visit. My bags were taken from the taxi upon arrival and I was directed to reception where I was given a seat and a refreshing fruit juice. My room was not ready (check-in is 3, it was 1), but this was not a problem for me since I wanted to grab lunch and head for the museum.Check-in was a bit slowish, but to be fair to the hotel, I find that to be the case in the majority of hotels in Dubai. I headed to Sherlock Holmes where I had the place to myself, plenty of newspapers to choose from and ordered lunch which was freshly prepared, plentiful, tasty and good value. When I finished up, I headed down to the lobby and was going to leave when I was stopped and informed that my room was ready. The girl behind the counter apologized for the delay (she had nothing to apologize for since I was the one who was early), and told me that she had upgraded me.I popped up to the room which was nice and clean. It was also overlooking the museum. Yes, as others have stated, the bathroom is a bit on the small side, but that is a very powerful shower - so no complaints from me. The TV seems to cater more towards Euro (more French programs than US/British), but sufficient for my length of stay. Beds are clean and comfortable. I think the closets are a bit narrow, but since I had little to hang, it was not a bother to me. The electric kettle was another life-saver and one which I made good use of.The spa, which I used later in the evening, has one of the most extensive opening hours which I have ever encountered. Try out the massage chairs in the waiting room! I had a facial, which while the girl was really lovely, I would not recommend it. Not one of the best facials in the world - but to me - that is more to do with lack of training and technique. All in all, the spa is a nice place, and I believe that it is more geared towards massages.The gym is well equipped and the roof deck area is adequate with a good amount of loungers. The pool is small, but seems fine to me as it is in a city location.When I got up to leave in the morning, I could clearly hear the call to prayers from the mosque beyond the museum - but that added to the experience to me. I don't know if you would be woken up from it if you were a light sleeper. On check-out (this was about 5:15 a.m.), a bill was not ready for me to review. I told the man that I had charged my lunch and the spa to the room. It was not on the bill. I figure I will see that on my statement on Monday.All in all, to me, it was a good location, with good value, adequate comfort, helpful staff.	
Oct 24 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	The start of the holiday initially didn't start the way we planned. We arrived a day late due the incompetence of Air France (I wish I could write a review about Air France on Trip Advisor - NEVER, EVER, EVER fly with them) and informed the hotel of our delayed arrival. We had already arranged our transfers with the hotel and when we arrived we were a little dismayed not to find anyone with a board for the Arabian Courtyard. After a few phone calls and searching we eventually found our transfer guy and after that the rest of the holiday was fantastic.We arrived to a welcome drink and extremely friendly staff. The room was large and nicely decorated. Comfortable beds. A good size bathroom with all of the complimentary toiletries and mini sewing kit, emery board etc which were replenished daily. We also received and English language newspaper at our door every morning. The breakfasts were fantastic. Plenty of choice whether you wanted omelet, waffles, toast, cereal, eggs, different meats, pastries, fruit etc etc. The list goes on. Definitely a feast at breakfast time. Also the breakfast room had a great view over the Dubai Museum.The concierge gave lots of great advice and the door staff were always extremely friendly and courtesy. A little bit of advice is always actually speak to someone in person on the front desk as I we always seemed to encounter a slight language difference over the phone.We tried all 3 restaurants. The Indian is highly recommended with live music, good menu and tasty food. They also had a voucher offer that you get back the money you spent on the meal in vouchers to spend in another restaurant. We tried the Oriental and unfortunately the standard fell far below the Indian. Even though the restaurant was beautifully decorated (go outside to see the Oriental patio - lovely) and the menu seemed varied but both mine and my friends choices seemed pretty bland. We had dessert in the Sherlock Holmes pub which was good. We also received a voucher on arrival for a free 10 minute massage at the Spa which was great as we they are open pretty late so we had a late appointment to relax before we went to bed. The gym is fully equipped with lots of equipment and the sauna/steam room is fantastic. The swimming pool isn't that great as it is a little small but still functionable.Overall the Arabian Courtyard is a fantastic hotel in Dubai. Not as pricey as some of the other ones we were looking at, but the treated you really well and there were plenty of amenities in the hotel. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 21 2007 	Trevor Sussex Excellent Hotel	My wife and I have just returned from our first trip to Dubai a 5 nights stay at the Arabian Courtyard Hotel in an Executive Room on the 8th floor we will definately return to DUbai and the Arabian.The staff were very good and helpful during our stay, we arrived at 9.00am to the hotel the reception said that they will get a room ready for us by 10.00am, (check in time was 3.00pm onwards) we were taken to the Executive Lounge offered a free breakfast drinks etc.Our room was over looking the Museum and view to the Creek (400mtrs), ample room space very comfortable King bed well cleaned with all the facilities adverised, if I wanted to be picky the bathrooms are a little smaller than some other 4* hotels and no bidet.Breakfast ok not special, restaurants in the hotel various and good food, pub have a duo each night good singers. Pool a little small but welcomed in 100 degree heat, staff attentive throughout the hotel. Location great for non beach people like ourselves a 5 minute walk to the Abra station (water Taxi) to cross the creek to Deira 1 drm and you are dropped off at the Spice Souk, which is 5 minutes from the Gold Souk on foot, museum 1 minute from hotel, Silk Souk 2 minutes. Don,t hire a car taxis are so cheap we used them for 6 days and spent less than £60 and we went to Emirates Mall, The Palm, Burg Arab, City Mall, Al Karama, Wafi + 2 airport runs, and many other places.Dubai is a very safe city there is very little crime our concierge said he had not in the 2 years he had worked at the Arabian heard of a guest having a problem with crime.Travel TipThe Big Red Bus is a not value for money, we always try to get our bearings from a bus tour of a new city on the first day, most citys the tickets last for 2 days allow you to hop on and off.In Dubai they charge 175 Drms (£50) per couple last 24 hours, and they only run the service start 9.20 am last bus 5.30 pm use taxis.	
Oct 20 2007 	Astonishingly bad start	I'll start with the good:The room we ended up with was fine, certainly had an Arabian style. The location was good, right next to the Dubai museum and close to Dubai creek. The free sowing kit was of a very high standard.And then the bad:We had booked an airport transfer through the hotel. We came through arrivals at about 0500. We'd actually booked that night at the Arabian Courtyard as we knew we'd need a shower and some sleep. No airport transfer was waiting for us. We phoned the hotel and the response was not very helpful and they told us to get a taxi. Thankfully they didn't charge us for this.We arrived at the hotel at 0530 and then attempted to check in. There were a number of people checking out so we were asked to wait a moment and we were given a drink while we waited. We waited about 10 minutes and then were able to check in. We mentioned the lack of transport from the airport and the staff were a bit indifferent. We spent about 10 minutes at the reception desk. Once we'd finished at reception we were told our luggage would be taken up to the room. Once we got to the room we found it was a smoking room and absolutely stank of smoke. Since we had reserved a non smoking room, I went back to reception see if we could get another room. I think the duty manager realised we had been waiting a while by this time so got us another room which was non smoking, and was possibly an upgrade but I was so tired by this point I hadn't paid too much attention to the first room. I asked if our luggage would be taken to the new room and was told it would be. 20 minutes later the luggage still had not appeared so we phoned the reception and asked where it was. Someone turned up really quickly... wanting to know where our bags were so he could take them away. A further 10 minutes later our luggage was located and we were reunited with it. Given it was 0530 when we turned up and there were no other people checking in I am at a total loss to explain why it took a full hour to be in our room with our luggage. We might as well have not bothered booking the hotel for the extra night.The internet in the room did not work, we had to use the business suite computers instead but after complaining about this we were not charged.	
Oct 2 2007 	Surprisingly good	Usually when I stay in Dubai for work I stay at the chain hotels.This time the company who arranged the course chose this private hotel and although sceptical initially (the reception area is a little dated), the place was a very pleasant surprise.The food hits the spot, no matter what style you go for, and is fresher and better prepared than a lot of the more recognisable places.The rooms are in an older style, but clean, with all the necessary needs for when you travel, some of which you usually have to ask and wait for in other locations.The location isn't in amongst the main centres, but 10 mins and you are at city centre mall and the chaos that is Dubai.If you want a place that is good value, away from the main areas, and a bit more personal than the bigger hotels, this is for you.	
Sep 30 2007 	best hotel in dubai	this hotel is excellent if you want to explore the city,perfect location for culture. staff and service fantastic,hotel facilities excellent,rooms were gorgeous. if i were to return to dubai i would most definitely stay in the arabian courtyard. not one bad thing to say about it.	
Aug 29 2007 	a great way to celebrate a birthday!	My husband and I have just returned from a holiday to Dubai where we stayed at the Arabian Courtyard Hotel and Spa to celebrate my 30th birthday. We had a fabulous holiday and I can't thank the hotel enough for making my birthday so special.Even though we arrived early in the morning they checked us into our room straight away. We used the hotel transfer both ways from the airport which was cheap and reliable. We couldn't fault the hotel or the staff at all during our weeks stay. The hotel was spotless and in an excellant location making it easy to go out and about. We used the shuttle bus to the beach several occasions and again this was reliable. We ate in three of the onsite restaurants which were all very different but all very good. There were various offers on which also made the hotel a cheap place to eat. We would definatley recommend the hotel and would stay there again if we visit Dubai in the future.	
Aug 28 2007 	Surprised	The front office staff is very rude, I believe they need more training and they should be more professional. Bathroom size is small and there is no difference between deluxe and executive room. Very congested area, its took hours to reach hotel from the short distances and you will be lucky enough to get a taxi in an hour time. For me to stay there is wastage of money. The time you reach hotel after that you will be so frustrated only. Construction work is going on in surroundings even you cant sleep there.	
Aug 27 2007 	Loved the Arabian Courtyard Hotel and Spa	My wife and I stayed in the Arabian Courtyard Hotel and Spa for nine nights in August and were truly impressed with the Hotel.The first night we arrived at 1am in the morning they had refreshments ready for us at check in and upgraded us to an executive suite with an excellent view of Dubai Museum.We found the location of the Hotel excellent because much of old world Dubai is actually in Bur Dubai.The Hotel is only five minutes walk from the Abra (Water Taxi) Station which will bring you across the creek to Deira where most of the shopping malls and markets are located.The best part of staying in rhis particular hotel was the excellent level of service at all times.There is a decent English Pub called the Sherlock Holmes in the Hotel which has music most nights and decent food.The Chinese and Mexican Restaurants in the Hotel are both fantastic and worth trying.The Swimming Pool and Gym area are quite small but perfect for our needs and i didnt hear any of the other guests complaining.Overall we thought that this Hotel was a very solid 4 Star with excellent service.The Location is very good if you want to see the older parts of Dubai.Dont base yourself here if you want to be in close proximity to the beach although the Hotel provide a free shuttle bus to and from the Jumeira Public Beach every day.If you are visiting Dubai for the first time here a a few good activities to do Dubai Museum well woth a visit, Go ski-ing at the Mall of the Emirates, go on a desert safari, Cross the creek in one of the many Abras or water taxis, Wild Wadi Waterpark well worth a visit, Afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab.Enjoy your trip	
Aug 16 2007 	Beware updated	Having previously written about the trouble we had regarding our bill, I must now say that, after the Assistant Manager read my Tripadvisor review, he contacted me and the balance owing has now been placed into our bank account.So - give the Arabian Courtyard a try - we DID have a great time there - just check the bill in plenty of time in case a similar experience happens.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Hotel	Wednesday 01 August and the hotel in generalWe arrived at AC at approx 01.30. The reception was excellent. We were given a free upgrade to a Deluxe Room directly facing the Museum. The rooms were exactly as seen on the internet. Complimentary bottles of water were very useful. All public areas have a good standard of décor but the biggest plus point is the customer service. Every member of staff was friendly and helpful and I know many of you will say they all are in Dubai but in our experience against other hotels visited I felt they went the extra mile. The hotel’s restaurants Mumtaz Mahal and the Silk Route were both very good and they are running a voucher promotion until late September where you can eat in either. You are then reimbursed in vouchers for the value of your food for a further visit. We paid DH611 for the Indian meal and received a DH310 voucher meaning we only spent DH184 for our Chinese meal. This made eating in a hotel with alcohol a not too expensive option. The pool has had some bad press but if you like privacy it is shaded and for three hours on the days we used it we had the pool to ourselves. My wife had the relaxation massage in the beauty salon Zaitoon for DH150 and said it was excellent. Internet access in the business area was expensive for just checking emails so we did this for DH2 per hour just up the road from the hotel. Breakfast in the hotel was fine and the full buffet costs DH70. I have had better though but in the heat did not feel the need to have breakfast every day. The free beach transfer was good and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the Jumeira Beach Park. Two beds and an umbrella costs DH40. Towels and a beach mat were provided free by the hotel. Also note that on ladies day the hotel takes people to the Al Mamzar beach instead. I preferred being in the centre of town and this hotel was perfect in that regard. No problems with my bill at the end.	
Jul 13 2007 	Never Again	Never Again! Been there in June this year, I will never go back; The reasons:-If you want to see the WHOLE town (not only the old part) location is awful. If you are thinking about renting a car NO WAY this hotel, very complicated and waste of time to reach the hotel and get from there, no parking at the hotel.-Even if I advised them, and I booked the previous night, (I arrived 10:30 AM) our room WAS NOT READY when arriving, but of course they charged that full night, being used the room 1:30 hours.-We did the checkout at 13 PM, and they charged us another full night, being used only 1 hour, but they didnot advise at the moment, they did afterwards.-Very small bathrooms,and BED CLOTHES WERE DIRTY, and some of them broken.-Swiming pool very small, and allmost unusable.-Breakfast not that good, and a simple chocolate, is charged apart 12 Dirhams.-Internet very expensive, and we were suggested by OWN HOTEL`S PERSONNEL, to go to an Internet Caffe two streets by the hotel.-Summing up, NO 4 STAR HOTEL, unpractical location, horrible client experience..	
Jun 13 2007	Pleasantly Surprised!	I've worked in Dubai for a while before moving to Bahrain and thought I'd visited or seen most of the hotels Dubai has to offer.Imagine my surprise when I came across the Arabian Courtyard in Bur Dubai.Location wise it's very close to most things of interest in Bur Dubai and only a short taxi ride from the airport and Deira.The hotel itself is not opulent compared to others but it still holds a certain charm.For service and value for money you would be hard pressed to find a better hotel in such a good location.The rooms are nicely decorated in Arabian style, we were upgraded to an executive suite so this report is based on this standard of room. The other good thing about this type of room is you get free food and :&quot;beverages&quot; in the executive lounges on the 7th floor.The hotel is nicely decorated and has several bars and restaurants including a spar and gymnasium. All in all I would definately go back again.	
Jun 12 2007 	Remarkable service	We had a great experience staying at the Arabian Courtyard. All Staff is brilliant, very kind and helpful. The room is very cozy, nice view from the windows, quiet and very clean. I had such a great time!	
Jun 11 2007 	A good 4 star hotel in a more exotic location of an otherwise artificial city	At first I was very taken aback by the area where the Arabian Courtyard hotel is located. This was not the modern looking city I had expected, the whole area looked very &quot;local&quot;. But after I had been to more places around Dubai, I really grew to appreciate the area more and more. Bur Dubai is possibly one of the most fascinating areas in the city, with many of the best &quot;must-see's&quot; of the city nearby. I could walk over to an Abra station in about 3 minutes, after having past the textile souk which was beautiful. The Dubai museum is just opposite the hotel and Bastakiya is visible as soon as you walk out of the hotel. Taxis do come by the hotel frequently so I never had a problem going to other places from here. The hotel itself was very nice too. It's not one of the huge luxurious International chains that are everywhere in Dubai now, with everything in gold and whatnot. This is just a really solid 4 star place that exudes exotic Arabian flair. I really preferred this look to the more generic and modern looking hotels in Dubai, so many of which are connected to gigantic malls. Urgh. I liked that I was staying in a place that is more unique than say the Grand Hyatt and Sheraton.....or if we're talking the same level, Ramada or Holiday Inn. The room was very spacious and feels very homely, it was comfortable and had everything I needed, as it was well equipped. The staff here were very nice, especially the cleaning staff who always smiled and greet me everyday (quite rare in Dubai). Internet was not free, but I only paid once and managed to have access throughout my whole stay for a week. They must have forgotten to cut me off. Oops! Well, good for me! I was very pleased!Room service was excellent, try the Arabian Sandwich here, it was delicious. Other items were nice too. However, breakfast buffet here is not recommended. If you want an Omelette hotel-style then don't get it here, it was possibly one of the worst I've had in my life. Unless, you like emulsified liquid egg that's very light cream because the egg to oil ratio was about 1/1. Gross. The gym was ok but give the pool a miss. The real thing does not look like the photo on the website. Also, if you book on the website, better call and make sure your reservation went through, as they seem to have a bit of a problem there. No big deal though, they did find my booking, but might not have done had I not given them my reservation number (normally name and check in date should be sufficient). The concierge guy forgot to check on a trip for me and didn't call my room like he said he did. Doesn't matter, I have internet access and am capable of doing things myself. Overall a very nice stay here for 7 nights. Small glitches here and there but nothing that would prevent me from coming back to stay here again.	
Jun 10 2007 	Excellent rooms and location.	I stayed for 3 nights in May on a business trip. What i liked most was the quality of the rooms, excellent 4* standard with an Arabian feel. The view from the front facing rooms is fantastic. You can even see the creek. The staff were friendy and helpfull, breakfast was good, the atrium could do with a refurb , but it is no way in bad shape, just a little out dated. Overall would highly recommend if not wanting or able to stay on the beach.	
Jun 6 2007	Good reasonably priced hotel in a good location	Myself, my husband and 13 year old son stayed here from 28th May until 3rd June.The stay unfortnuately started off badly when they said that I hadnt requested a bed for my son who was staying in our room. I booked through Expedia and thought that if I had booked 3 flight seats then 3 people would be booked into the hotel. Apparently not. I dont know where they thought he was going to sleep-he is abit too big to sleep between us. Anyway, I was told that we could either pay another 100Dhs a night for a bed for him or a one off charge of 250DHS for early occupency, which would cover himfor the whole week-so of course we chose that option but I wasnt very happy about it.Paid for an Executive room but wish I hadnt bothered. Our room was right underneath the air cooler on the top floor, and it was really noisey. We should have complained about this really, as we needed earplugs to sleep.On a plus side we did enjoy the hotels facilities. The Spa is excellent, and reasonably priced compared to the UK. The swimming pool area was small, but we only used it once or twice to relax and cool off after sight seeing, and it was never crowded. The Sherlock Holmes bar was friendly and welcoming. Mainly with expats. We ate in Bennys one night-mainly Mexican food, and very reasonable (2 for 1 margaritas the night we were there). Also ate in the Silk Route restaurant the last night. Excellent food and vry reasonable, although abit lacking in atmoshere. The hotel was ideally situated for the city-walking distance to the abra station and the textile souks and very cheap to eat locally. Just down the road is the Basra Art Cafe--lovely food.Dont bother with the tour operator operating from thefoyer of the hotel. We werent happy with the desert safari booked through him, and felt that there would be better safari tour operators.Overall a good reasonably priced hotel in a good location for exploring the city.	
May 30 2007 	Good Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights before moving on to the Oasis Beach hotel and we are glad we did. It gave us a taste of the real Dubai not just beaches and fancy posh hotels. It is near the Abra station (water taxis) which take you across the creek to the gold and spice souks worth a visit but it gets very hot! The hotel is also accross the road from the museum although we did not go in. Its located on a main road where the car horns never seem to stop honking but i had ear pugs which worked wonders!The hotel itself was very functonal and we did not have any problems with service or standard. The only minor fault was we did not request a non-smoking room beforehand and we found it very strong smelling on the curtains and cushions etc. We did ask if we could be moved to non-smoking but unforunately the hotel was fully booked. We bought some insence from the spice souk to mask the smell! We ate in the Silk route chinese restuarant and sat on the outside terrace overlooking museum which was nice and we also ate in the Sherlock Homes pub which was average. They have a live singer every evening.Its worth getting a taxi to the nearby Burjuman Mall for other eating options and to visit all the designer shops Gucci, Prada, Tiffany and Saks Fifth Avenue and everything else you can think of. (nothing to do with the fact i was bought a diamond engagement ring here!)The swimming pool is small with only a few beds, more of a plunge pool which we didn't use.Overall we enjoyed our stay here but 3 days was enough.	
May 18 2007 	Great Location in the heart of Bur Dubai	The Arabian Courtyard was well located - the main Dubai museum being just across the street. The waterfront area is within walking distance, which also allows you access to a number of restaurants if you don not want to stay in the hotel for every evening meal.The hotel offers free valet parking, which for a city centre hotel is a real bonus and saves hunting for car park spaces.The hotel has a number of restaurants on site including a Thai/Chinese, Indian, Mexican, International - to be honest we went to the Mexican the first night found the service relaxed and friendly and the food in massive, tasty portions and went back a couple of times more. We also ate within the Bastakia Quarter, a few minutes walk from the hotel at the Bastakia Nights restaurants - serving very pleasnt arabian food (although no alcohol) and is a definate recommedation. Another must has to be a visit to the Burj Al Arab - we had afternoon tea (need to book in advance) and it was a great experience. Due to the size of Dubai a car, or use of taxis is a must to get around (at least until the metro opens in 2009) - to get the the area close to the Burj Al Arab/ Hard Rock Cafe cost about 50 AED (approx £7 GBP) but must be in excess of 20km - so the prices for taxis are very good value compared to the UK.If you want a 'beach' hotel then do not stop at The Arabian Courtyard, if however you want a hotel that is centrally located, amongst the 'real' Dubai then this place is well worth a visit.	
May 12 2007	Great Central Location	The hotel location is excellent, though bear in mind that you have to travel everywhere in Dubai by taxi....its a big city and not designed for walking (regardless of the heat!) Taxis are very cheap and easy to get everywhere you go...airport to hotel was roughly 20AED and takes about 20min. The hotel itself is very clean (which you expect for a 4 star), the rooms a good size, and the staff very friendly and helpful. Theres 3 restaurants and a bar/pub in the hotel...(another point to be aware of is that most of the cities restaurants are in the hotels...and you cant really walk to these regardless of where you are staying...again you take a taxi which is not a problem)The hotel breakfast is good and sets you up for the day, and I also tried the spa (they do a great massage, but forget the facial..not the best) The pool is below average (dont come here if you are looking for a poolside relax) but its handly enough for a quick dip.Across the road is the Dubai Museum which you should visit (cost 3 only AED) and 10min walk away is the water taxi which is also a great way to get over the river (1 AED each way) and to the gold &amp; spice souks. Overall I would definitely return to this hotel .	
May 11 2007 	A good choice - but slightly disappointing	The fact is that this hotel is satisfactory, and you can be confident that you will have a comfortable stay here…. but personally it didn’t quite hit the mark for me as I was expecting a little bit more. I want to be clear that there's nothing specifically wrong with the Arabian Courtyard, it's clean, and of a good standard. Rooms are large and well-equipped, beds are comfortable, bathroom was tiny though. My comments come down to my own personal preference, so if you don’t mind being away from the action and if you are not expecting one of the great hotels of the world, then you should be really pleased with this hotel.Locationwise, it's about 5 minutes from the nearest abra (water taxi) station (Old Souk station). And like every other hotel in Dubai you can get a taxi very easily.So what’s my problem with it and why have I only rated it as average? Because it is just your average hotel! It in no way lives up to the reputation of the &quot;incredible Dubai hotels standard&quot;. You always hear that every hotel in Dubai is a good one and that a 4 star is really a 5 star... well, this really is just a 4 star hotel and it doesn’t stand out at all. For me the hotel loses points for location and that’s what’s fuelled my rating. Apart from being situated opposite the Dubai Museum, there are no other tourist attractions and there's nothing to do in the evenings in the immediate area. Invariably, this means that unless you are planning to stay in the hotel, you will be back in the taxi in the evenings.If I were visiting Dubai again and wanted to stay in a city hotel, I would choose one that was better located and generally more memorable. I stress though that these are just personal preferences and the hotel itself is satisfactory, but I felt slightly on the outskirts at this hotel and that made a difference to me as I wanted to be more in the heart of things on this trip. I would recommend Deira as this is a livelier area with a wider selection of major hotels, restaurants and evening entertainment and most of what you need will be accessible on foot. This will ensure you save yourself a bit of money on taxi fares. Taxis are cheap, but because you are likely to use them frequently, the costs will add up so it’s worth bearing this in mind.I had no major problems at the Arabian Courtyard, and they have two fantastic restaurants (Indian and Chinese) which I would definitely recommend although on both occasions, they did manage to overcharge us. This seemed to be a common theme because as we were checking out, there was another guest querying restaurant charges on their bill. One gripe is that when it came to information, the reception staff were frustratingly clueless. They will feed you incorrect information with complete confidence! But if you ask two of them the same question you will get two different answers. My advice would be to bypass them when possible and ask the concierge for any information.Overall, I feel indifferent towards the hotel, it has not left a lasting impression on me, but all-in-all it’s ok. My stay was pleasant but not quite the hotel experience I had hoped for.	
Apr 30 2007	cultural experience	excellent location for cultural experience - near museums and abra stations to visit souks on both sides of creek - good price compared to equivalent hotels - hotel airport transport is expensive - use taxi - internet is expensive - use nearby internet facility for dhs 2 per hour - breakfast buffet is excellent but crowded on weekends - free continental breakfast in lobby for early departures	
Apr 30 2007	Wonderful location for old dubai and textile souk	Stayed at the Arabian Courtyard hotel for one week in mid-April. The hotel is conveniently located for the textile souk and is across the road from the Dubai Museum which is a must to visit. Also across the road is the dubai grand mosque - watch out for the early call to prayer at dawn (around 4.30am). You will need to take an abra (water taxi) to go to Deira where the spice souk and gold souk are. Taxis for Jumeirah and all other hotels in the city but they are cheap and plentiful.The hotel has several restaurants - indian, mexican, thai, a pub. The Thai restaurant was great, pub average. There is a small swimming pool. However, you will not get a quiet lie down as it is on the same level as the indian and thai restaurant - so you will have the food smells around you as well as the noise from some air conditioning units. If you need to go to the beach, there are transfers to Jumeirah beach offered by the hotel as well as a beach pack (basically a mat and towel in a large bag). Our bedroom was very large and airy - with a mini bar, table and chairs, TV, control of all the utilities from a central point on one of the bedside tables (loved this - you can switch all the lights on and off, control the temperature of the room and use the alarm clock from one unit). We received complimentary bottles of water every day. The hotel was very clean in all the public areas as well as the bedrooms. Staff were very friendly. Clients staying on the executive floor have a complimentary breakfast and 2 free drinks in the bar during happy hour (from 6.30pm to 8.30pm). Breakfast included the usual hot and cold buffets and the not so usual beef bacon (no pork as it is a muslam country) and chicken sausages. Overall, a good place to stay to explore Dubai.	
Apr 25 2007 	Lovely Hotel - friendly staff	We went to Dubai for our first wedding anniversary for six daysWe were not fussed on a beach hotel as we wanted to see Dubai itself that’s why after reading reviews on this hotel on this website we thought to try it out. Got to say the hotel is really nice. The receptionists are friendly, as it was our anniversary we were upgraded to a deluxe room for free with a museum view. Even though the room was facing outside, we couldn’t hear any noise from the traffic or even we couldn’t hear the Azaan. They are polite and very helpfulThe room was clean and a maid came everyday to make up our room which we were impressed with. Breakfast was included in our package and s served from 7.30 to 10.30 and it has a large variety – buffet style. The hotel also offers a coach service to Jumeirah beach free. It leaves the hotel at about 9.45 and picks you up from there at 1.15pm – which I would recommend as the taxi people charge a lot, a large amount of our cost went on taxi money, I would recommend hiring a car as Dubai isn’t that big and you get to know the streets really quicklyOverall, I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 28 2007 	Authentic	3 of us went to Dubai 8/3 to 16/3. I am a wheelchair user and found no reviews that were useful for me in choosing a hotel for this purpose so I decided on the Arabian Courtyard. The reviews were pretty good and it was reasonable. It was advertised as wheelchair friendly and it was except for the bathroom. There was no shower just a bath with one (only) grabrail. This complys with the local regulations and they say allows the room to be classed as accessible. It certainly would not meet the European standard. As the bath was not suitable for me it was a week of me having to wash with a sponge etc....on the whole;-+s *reasonable and flexible as all 3 of us (girls) shared a room. One of the party left to embark on her Australia trip and they let us stay in the same room.* Clean* Great indian restrurant* Breakfast included but room service b'fast was good &amp; reasonable.* Close to the textile markets* Staff very helpful in securing taxis etc...assisting with the wheelchair* Spa was superb* Lobby coffee shop excellent for a tea/coffee/pastry &amp; v good /plesant service. * Opposite the Museum which was well worth a visit.-s*noisy - we were over the indian restruant and indian music was audible until 3am!* The restruant (not Thai or indian - the other one) eventhough was OK at breakfast was not good for dinner* The computer time could have been more flexible -eg a charge per day rather than per hour as we did need to use, and were charged, up to three times a day* Pool not accessible(3 steps up) and sporadic food service there eventhough there is a menu.* Hairdresser (which I had to use due to lack of shower...) was expensive and suspiciously quiet.............Overall it probably wasn't the best hotel for me as a wheelchair user but I do think it was good for the price. Some of the other hotels we visited felt like we were on a film set whereas there was an authenticity to the Arabian C.	
Mar 27 2007 	Fantastic hotel in a great location	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Arabian Courtyard...this was my first trip to Dubai and from the minute we stepped out the Taxi at 2am the staff at the Arabian Courtyard really treated us like kings!Check in was fast and friendly loved the fact that we were seated and given soft drinks, we were then taken to our room on the 8th floor overlooking the museum which was spotlessly clean and had everything that we could need. Room was serviced every day with fresh sheets and towels. As neither me or my partner are beach lovers the location of the hotel was perfect for us, the pool although small was clean, taxis were available at all hours from outside the hotel and with it being across the road from the museum and just a couple of minutes from the abra station you never had to walk great distances to shopping or sightseeing. I didnt eat in either the indian or silk route restautant but the food in the Sherlock holmes pub was good value for money and the service (as throughought the whole hotel) was exceptional.To sum it up if you are looking for a hotel with character and great service in Dubai you will not be disappointed!	
Mar 21 2007 	Nice Hotel	Me and my friend returned from this hotel a week ago. The hotel itself was very nice I did`nt have any complaints about it. The restaurants were very good especially the indian restaurant called The Mumtaz, it had live classical music and dancers on Saturday nights.All the staff were very friendly and helpful. There were tea and coffee facilities in your room and they left you some Oreo biscuits and bottled water each day as well. We found the breakfast buffet was good and catered for everyones tastes, we especially enjoyed the fresh omelettes that were cooked in front of you.Our room was on the 2nd floor and we had a view of the muesuem, we could hear traffic noise but it was not really loud that we could not sleep. The pool was small but we did not use it we went to the beach instead. The hotel gives you beach packs to take to the beach which was very handy.The only thing that I didnt like was probably the location. It was not on the nicer side of Dubai. Also because it was far from the beach or shopping districts we found that if we were trying to get a taxi back to our hotel after around 10.30pm alot of the drivers did not want to do the journey as it was quite far out and has alot of traffic in the area. The taxi drivers are normally finishing their shift and want to get home so one evening we had a real problem trying to get any taxi driver to take us back.I would stay at this hotel again if I had to but would probably pick a different hotel because I would like to be in a more central location.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great location great hotel	We stayed here for five nights and couldn't be happier. For us it was worth paying for an executive room for the free wireless internet, lovely breakfast (they actually know how to keep scrambled eggs moist!), free drinks at Happy Hour and a very attractively appointed lounge. Our room was delightful and overlooked the Museum. The staff are very efficient and friendly - a call to have a toilet fixed was responded to within 5 minutes! The bathroom is small but well maintained and the toiletries are generous. The only disappointment was that we would have liked more Arabic food such as hummous, kebabs and so on - the restaurants pride themselves on serving excellent international cuisine but we would have liked more traditional food. Be aware that this a Muslim country and you will not find bacon, ham or other pork products among the breakfast offerings. We agree with the comments from another reviewer about the tour desk advisor. The Big Bus tour is excellent value and includes admission to the museum and a dhow cruise, and it leaves from just across the road from the hotel. The abra station is a short walk away. We would certainly stay here again.	
Mar 9 2007	Great Hotel	Stayed here for four nights from 9th Feb. Loved it. Great location overlooking the mosque, museum and creek in the old part of Dubai. Near to textile soukh and Abra station (great fun for 16pence!). Glad we were staying here rather than the Jumeira area which although has the beach and the malls close by seemed a bit too much of a construction site for us. Really clean, comfy room. We had an exec room. Wasnt huge but was fine for us. The exec floor is a bit of a gimmick. There is a room at the end of the floor that you can go to for buffet brekkie (ok but nothing special), free soft drinks and coffee all day and free drinks (certain whiskies, vodka, beer etc) for a hour or so before dinner. They have 2 computers you can use there for a small charge but the internet connection is very slow. Not sure I would bother paying the extra next time. The restaurants in the hotel were great, we used the Mumtaz (Indian) twice and it was fab, not expensive either. The sherlock homes pub has a happy hour and is a nice place to sit for a while. Staff very courteous although not always as helpful as they are trying to be. Woke us up in the middle of the night by mistake so delivered wine and snacks to our room the following afternoon. Taxi out to Jumeira area if you missed the courtesy bus is about £6. Would definately stay here again.	
Mar 6 2007	lovely hotel shame about travel advisor	Just come back from 4 nights here, location excellent for seeing the city, staff very friendly and helpful, room was good size and quiet - the mosque was more 'backgound' than alarm clock. But the travel advisor in the lobby is to be used with caution, he charges different rates if he thinks he can get away with it and some trips really over the top - book meals at Burj al Arab indepently at half his price.	
Feb 28 2007	Stop over review	I decided upon a stop over on the way back from business in Singapore, well if you’re in Dubai you might as well take a look see. Seeing as it was a single night and I wanted to take a look around I thought that the Arabian Courtyard looked to be in the perfect area for my needs. Having read some of the other reviews on this site I was a little dubious but booked anyway, what had I got to loose staying only one night?I cant say what the place would be like for a long stay but if you’re doing a stop over or a short stay and want to take a quick look around as I did, the Arabian Courtyard it spot on. The location is excellent, the museum is across the road, which is also a stop for the site seeing tour bus which takes in a number of souks and all the big hotels. The rooms are clean, tidy and well appointed. As for the staff I have nothing but praise for there level of service. I only got to try the Mexican restaurant but I would recommend it and the bar serves Guinness which is welcome after two weeks of tiger beer!This is a good four star hotel in a great location. Nuff said.	
Feb 23 2007 	Dont do the Executive rooms	ok after reading mixed reviews,i decided to give the courtyard a shot,a nice hotel in the centre of bur dubaistayed in the executive floor is when the issues arosenoisy,breakfast was terrible,the lounge was like a mortuary and not one bit welcoming,not the staff but the whole feel of the lounge,just too drary and dark for my liking,as we had access to complimentary drinks,we didnt use once as i found it depressing to go in there and this is what i said in my comments card and after speaking to many other guests,this was their impression alsothere was a girl working in the lounge,Malinda and she was excellent and had a smile everytime you passed or used the net,she was the best thing that the lounge had to offerfor the net there is a charge of 20 dirham for 30 mins and 30 dirham for one hour,but this was so slow,it wasnt funny,i found the executive floor to be a bit of a joke really but heard nothing back from the manager.maybe in time i might get a responsethe hotel is nice and has some great bars and restaurants but the one recommendation i would have is if you go there..dont stay in the executive lounge and get a room at the back as you are awake in the morning with prayers and traffic and horns beeping all over the place,not funny if you r looking for some sleepwud i recommend a normal room in this hotel---YES as its in an excellent spot and clothes,etc are so cheap and the ladies can get stunning dresses made up for a fraction of the priceas for the area and position to the gold souk etc,its great and i will go back but i wud give one bit of advice and dont waste ur money on a executive room,its just a total waste of money,its like a ghost has taken over the spirit of the place and the managers just dont have a clue to perk it up a bit	
Feb 22 2007	Excellent location good value for money	I stayed at Arabian Courtyard with my wife for 5 nights (10-14/2) after a lot of reading, in which Tripadvisor material was really helpful. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Bur Dubai, close to a textile souk and the abra station through which gold &amp; spice souks are in walking distance. Hop-on hop-off bus station is across the museum. The personnel is very friendly and concierge helpful, even though in some cases english comprehension is relatively poor.Overall if you are not particularly interested for the beach, you had enough of western-type hotels and like some local colour for your staying in Dubai, seriously consider this hotel.	
Feb 21 2007 	Full of culture	I returned from my week long holiday (which was way too short) from Dubai last week and so I'm feeling seriously depressed to be back in gloomy London! I stayed with my family at the Arabian Courtyard hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. I'm not saying it was perfect, but for a 4 star hotel, it does its job and I would go back. The staff (including reception, contrary to what others have said) were very friendly and helpful no matter what requests we had or the time of day/night. Check out the hotel at night when it's all lit up and looks rather magical. We stayed in the standard rooms (with the museum view) which were stylish and comfortable, but my one complaint would be that I noticed that dust gathered quite easily on the surfaces (though I could tell everything was cleaned regularly). The pool is a decent size and gets quite busy during the day when the sun is shining, but for those like me who like to go swimming in the evening (I just like the atmosphere at night), I'd warn you that the cold water really hits you (that's probably why it's less busy then)! They should really make it a heated pool since it's on the roof. The hotel also gives everyone a 10-min complimentary head and neck massage (lovely) at the Zaitoon spa (located inside the hotel) when you check in, which you should definitely make use of. I also got a luxurious facial and the staff there are really nice; they're also open till late so you can fit in getting pampered between all your sightseeing, etc. In general, the hotel has a wonderful atmosphere which is suitable for families, couples, whoever really. Again, contrary to what others have said, it was wonderful to hear the beautiful Azaan (call to prayer) coming from the nearby mosque; you hardly hear this in London nowadays so it was really wonderful to be part of this sense of faith and spirituality. As it is a Muslim country, you will hear the Azaan wherever you are in Dubai (e.g. shopping malls, etc), because it is played out on speakers during prayer time. The hotel provides transport to and from the gorgeous Jumeirah beach which is nice - silly not to make use of that. This hotel is great for anyone who wants to make the most of Dubai because it is in a central location next to the meena bazaar, Dubai museum, beautiful mosques, and other shopping areas. As you can probably tell, I loved everything about Dubai - for me, it was the perfect balance of traditional Islamic culture and Western living - Arabian Courtyard helped to enhance this experience.	
Feb 15 2007 	Excellent hotel for that price GREAT location	I stayed in this hotel 8-11/Feb - thanks to tripadvisor.com, which I browsed for couple of days and the hotel was #33 at that time. I paid some extra money for Deluxe room, which was on 4th floor - but still only about 170USD/double room. Bed was excellent (hard enough but not too much, this is what I like), everything clean, stylish. Arabs started to sign their songs in the midnight and 6am, but it was from outside meshita, so I cant blame the hotel.Hotel has really good coffeeteria with big cakes for very reasonable price (3 coffees, cake - less than 10 USD).I tried Chinese restaurant Silk Route, very good food. I tried Indian, good too, but not my favourite.Located in the centre next to Dubai Museum (look at ther for 15 mins, better collections are in shopping malls), there are lots of shops around, souks (markets), nearby stop for boats (costs only 0,35 USD to get to the other side of town, via the creek.)Hotel also offers free transport to the beach, only once a day (public - Jumeirah Park), its okay, but you can always take cab to public beach. Cabs are very cheap (to the beach it will be like 5 USD) and you can decide when you go.My next visit of Dubai (2010 I suppose when the huge Dubai Land will be finished, and so most of thousands of skyscrapers) I will stay in the same hotel.I know why I am giving full rating, last 2 nights I stayed in the most luxurious Madinat Jumeirah - which I write review as well (also full stars) - but Madinat is over too expensive (1000 USD/night) and too snobby. But I just wanted to see it :)) Its simply for different sort of people, to my heart is hotel for normal people closer.	
Feb 11 2007 	Great location service and ambiance	We stayed at this hotel with our 7-year old boy. This hotel was centrally located in Bur Dubai and close to the souks and creek. The front desk, concierge, and overall hotel service was outstanding. The room was very &quot;Arabian&quot;. The breakfast buffet which was included was very good with a wide selection of foods and an omelette station. We also ate at the Indian restaurant. We walked in at 3 pm when they were officially closed and they accomadated us with superb service and food.We would highly recommend staying there.	
Feb 8 2007 	Terrible noice	I stayed at this hotel in January 2007. I'm sorry to say that I hated it. When I'm staying at a hotel I demand two things: The bed has to be confortable and the room has to be quiet. This hotel failed on both. The bed. It was the worst I have ever experienced in a hotel. It was stone hard - literally like sleeping on a desk. This bed will make you suffer, if you have problems with your back.The noise. Do not accept a room in the 8:th floor. There is a an air conditioner on the roof of the hotel and it is really noisy if you stay at the top floor. I could only sleep for 4 hours a night, because this noise kept me awake. The possitive side: The restaurants at the hotel are excellent and very moderatelly priced. It recommed them highly.The location is good, if you want to stay at the city center, but if you are on a holiday, you don't want to stay at the city center - you want to stay at the beach! This hotel is not located at the beach - and the pool is tiny.	
Feb 3 2007	nice hotel	Nice hotel, the chinese restaurant was really nice , the rooms were tidy as well i would stay in this hotel again, staff were friendly as well, the pool was a bit small and not enough sunbeds there.	
Jan 29 2007 	Earplug Courtyard Hotel	The location cannot be beaten if you want to stay near the old town and the souqs. We loved having Bastakia, the Creek and Deira on our doorstep. Also, a cab to the airport is only AED18.00. The Chinese restaurant on the 1st floor has a great roof terrace with a lovely atmosphere. the rooms were clean and come with all the trimmings (bathroom accessories, fruit basket on arrival, free bottled water and even free Oreo biscuits!). However, the reception staff was very moody and literally next to the pool you have a kitchen extractor fan pumping out fry-up smells whilst humming like being on a 747... also, we had asked for an early breakfast for 0630 and it was not ready. maybe it was a silly coincidence, but for the two nights that we stayed there, there was a party in the ballroom every single night until 3am with music so loud, I had to put ear plugs in... Will I stay there again? Yes, but only with earplugs, and if tehy have a cheap deal going...	
Jan 23 2007	Hotel would take some beatin	Stayed for four nights had great service Everyon e willing and helpful Room immaculately clean and serviced Good situation for sights and to get the Big buswhich is well worth using to see more of Dubai and then decide what to see Good value Breakfast at Hotel wonderful In fact noo complaints at all	
Jan 21 2007	Fine for moderately priced Dubai hotel	Having sampled the higher quality hotels in Dubai in the past, I was pleasantly surprised by the Arabian Courtyard. I stayed for a week on business and was very pleased with the cleanliness, style, location and general ammenities of the hotel.The front desk staff were the only downside being helpful and friendly but basically useless and slow so avoid interacting with them unless you have to. A few of the concierge staff were pretty good.I stayed for a week on business and would certainly stay there again for business or pleasure.Note it is a town centre location ideal for the markets and only a taxi ride for most things including the trade centre.	
Jan 18 2007 	Restaurant review	Walking around the souks, we decided we wanted to sample some Lebanese cuisine. A free guidebook we had picked up recommended a restaurant at this hotel and, as it was just across the creek, we thought we'd try it. Imagine our disappointment to find that what the guidebook had recommended as a Lebanese restaurant was only small stand in the lobby selling assorted Middle Eastern pastries. We were also amazed to find that the many restaurants in the hotel served Indian or Thai or Chinese or British food, but not Lebanese or any sort of Middle Eastern food! With it getting late, and two small kids in tow, things were not looking good. However, when we confessed our disappointment to the young waiter all on his own in the upstairs &quot;coffeeshop&quot; (with a great view of the Fort), he very kindly suggested that he could arrange for us to order Lebanese food off the room service menu. We did, and it was excellent! The young man made our day, proving that personal initiative is best. We'll certainly stay here on our next visit to Dubai.	
Jan 6 2007 	If you need Visa forget it!!	As a hotel, it is in good location. The staff is nice BUT....Never ask them to get a visa for you. All our problems started with it. They told me by phone that they could only apply within 2 weeks but that in 3 days we would have a copy of the Visa.But 24 hours for us to travel we didn´t have the Visa. After a lot of phone calls and e-mails, they finally send me my Visa. After our 3 days of visiting Dubai, time to check out.They charged us AED450,00 for the Visa (until then that was ok). I asked how does it work to be refunded for the AED 5500,00 used for the VISA guarantee. The very nice front desk attendant told me they were connected directly with the immigration. That it would be automatic.We came back home after 1 week I checked my credit card to see if they credited the AED5500,00. Well, nothing. So I decided to call them. They told me that I should have send a copy of my exit stamp. Nobody instructed me that .But I scanned my passport with the exit stamp and e-mail it and faxed it. I thought they will receive it one way or another.But what really surprises me that they have ONLY 1 E-MAIL for the whole hotel. They told me that it was a holiday and that the banks were closed.They could only credit to my CREDIT CARD after the holidays. When they debited that amount, they did instantly. Why couldn´t they do it the same?SO,patiently, I decided to wait after the holidays. Well nothing. I called them and they told me it took 7 to 10 business days to be credited.Told me also they were sending me the credit slip. They send me after 2 days os calling them insistently. And believe me, it sure wasn´t clear the amount.I wrote them an e-mail asking what was the amount. Of course they didn´t answer. How can they when they only have an e-mail?I checked again my credit card and there it AED 5000,00. So I wrote them and waited 1 more day for their answers. Nothing.Called them back and they told me that the amount credited was AED 5000,00. I asked them what about the rest AED500,00. They answered me that it was for Bank deductions. How can that be if they debited/credited straight to my credit card?I believe I don´t have anything to do with their bank deductions.Be prepared to pay AED 950,00 (more or less US$260,00) and a lot of headaches to have your money back...if you get it back!!!Good Luck!!!	
Jan 4 2007	Go if you want food poisoning!	Despite the overall good reports posted on here, our experience was one of bad value. Situated in a bustling area, there was a constant stale smell of cooking in the air. My adventurous choice of the 'Oriental breakfast' gave me food poisoning that had me bed ridden for 2 of the 4 days we stayed there. The Indian restaurant despite its initial charm fell short when it came to the food (cold plates and almost as cold food). Silk route Thai restaurant fine and the health club recommended (especially the massage). There are better value hotels to be had in Dubai	
Jan 4 2007 	Absolutely Wonderful	My husband and I are from Perth Western Australia and went to Dubai for the Autumn fair as exhibitors. The hotel was booked through a Singaporean Agent and we did not know what to expect....what an amazing surprise. The hotel is quite new and very nicely appointed...we stayed on the 8th floor in an executive room. The view was fantastic, overlooking the Grand Mosque, the Dubai Museum and over the creek to Deira, a to die for shopping souk area. The staff were so friendly yet professonal, they looked after our every need and more. The restaurants are very good, we ate in every one of them, the Indian restaurant is especially nice. We had the use of the exective dining room where we could access wireless for free which was fab and the happy hour was great, we could also go there anytime a receive free orange juice and cups of tea and coffee, absolutely wonderful after a day of shopping or working. Everyday our room was filled with water bottles, fruit and cleaned to perfection. The hotel is very central and we used to catch an abbra (boat) across the creek to Deira, cost about 1dh (so cheap), a real adventure with the locals. There is also Meena Bazaar close by which is filled with beautiful fabrics, jewelley etc and the street is also home to everything electronic. Didn't use the swimming pool as was quite cool everyday, but looked nice. All in all I would have to say that everything was perfect and look forward to returning and staying at this hotel again. Cheryl &amp; Mark Tonkin	
Jan 1 2007 	OK for a basic hotel	Arrived at the hotel which is not far from the airport and checked in promptly. We had a family suite which consisted of a bedroom with king size bed and a seperate living area with single pull out sofa bed. Not ideal if you have two children!!! We ended up all sharing the one bed (two adults and two children).Room is clean on arrival HOWEVER we stayed at this hotel for six nights and the room was only cleaned on three occassions. This was despite continuous requests to reception and housekeeping. Not a plesant stay with kids and no clean towels, toilet rolls and overflowing bins!!!!!!!!!!Hotel is across from the Dubai Museum. About half hour away from Jumeira beach which cost you about 35 Dirham ( 5 quid). If you are looking for a holiday where you can access the beach and wild wadi water park for the kids easily and be able to relax by the pool in between the overwhelming shopping opportunities this is NOT for you. Stay at Jumeira Beach if you can. If you are looking for a budget hotel and are more interested in sight seeing then this hotel would be good for you.	
Dec 27 2006 	Brilliant city central hotel!!	Myself and my husband stayed here mid November for 3 nights (4 days) and loved it. All the staff we chatted to were very friendly and helpful, from the check in to the room boys.We tried the Indian restaurant, and although this was practically empty, there was still a great atmosphere and the decor is lovely. The food was great and quite spicy which was good. We also ate (and drank!!) at the Sherlock Holmes English Pub and once again were not disappointed. Very reasonable prices too.We were able to walk around the area, and right along the creek and at all times felt totally safe. We also took the Red Bus Tour one day which is real value for money - be prepared to be tired at the end of the day though, as there is a lot to pack in. Worth buying tickets for this as you do get free entry to the Musuem(opposite the hotel), free boat ride and discount shopping vouchers at some of the huge malls!!Can also recommend going on a Desert safari - we booked ours with Arabian Adventures via the internet from the UK. They are run by Emirates and the day was fabulous - we did the Riddle of the Sands tour, which included hours of dune bashing in the desert, visit to camel farm and driving through wadi's.I am not usually a city person, but we loved our stay here and can recommed this hotel highly - try the tea and mega calorie cakes in the lounge in the afternoon:)	
Dec 26 2006 	Arabian Courtyard is brilliant!!	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Arabian Courtyard Hotel. Went with my mum and dad and stayed in an Executive triple room with a museum view. I can't describe how great the place was! Firstly, the room was a good size, even when they placed the extra bed inside, so was very pleased. Also, our room was on the 8th floor and there were no problems with noisy air con which an earlier reviewer had complained about - it was just perfect. The view was lovely too - beyond the museum we could see the creek and beyond that you get a glimpse of the sea. All the staff were very friendly. They never failed to smile or ask how we were. They really did their best to make us feel at home - and were successful in doing so. I was actually upset to say goodbye to them on the last day!!Our deal included breakfast and as we were staying in an Executive room, our breakfast was in the executive lounge which was very comfortable and private. The choice of breakfast was good with a large selection of hot and cold continental food. The location of the hotel is also great. It was right near the Meena Bazar (textile souk) which offers a huge range of eastern style material shops and restaurants.All in all the hotel was perfect and I would strongly recommend it to anyone seeking a hotel in Bur Dubai.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great Value Great Experience	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel back in June on our first trip to Dubai, and could not have been happier with the hotel and the service. We loved the location in Bur Dubai, as we got a feel for the place and weren't just stuck on a tourist resort. The hotel is close to the Creek and the souks, and there is a convenient shuttle to the beach. Our room was large and very clean, and we loved the dark wood and heavy curtains. The staff were very welcoming and helpful and made us feel at home. This hotel is great value for the money and and a good base for exploring Dubai. We loved our trip and would recommend the Arabian Courtyard for anyone looking to visit the one and only Dubai!	
Nov 30 2006 	Great Location	This is a very clean, quiet small hotel located within walking distance of anything I wanted to see in Dubai. Everyone was very friendly and accommodating. There are several restaurants in the hotel if you don't want to venture too far but do try the cafes down on the creek, at least for a cold drink. The museum across the street is worth your time and I found the gift shop quite good but the Souks are fun to shop in and haggling is expected. There is also a &quot;Big Bus&quot; stop across the street from the hotel and you can buy your tickets from the concierge. The tickets are good for 24 hours and are a bit pricey but a very good way to see the city. We also took the beach tour but found that disappointing - just one 5 star hotel after another and no chance to do more than glimpse the beach. Make sure you have your breakfast in the hotel - it's included in the cost of your room and is a very generous buffet. I thought that, given the cost of accommodation in Dubai, this hotel was great value. I highly recommend it.	
Nov 27 2006 	Memorable Stay	The Arabian Courtyard turned out to be as described in the various travel sites. My wife and i spent 8 nights in the deluxe double room, each day of which was better because we were at the hotel. Within our first day there was the impression of being at home. The staff were naturally, unaffectedly polite (after a few days, one would be able to tell) and helpful. Very nice room furniture with an indegenous, yet mordern flavour, as well as wood flooring with place-rugs, a pleasant difference from the usual wall to wall carpeting. Well stocked mini bar. The main hotel restaurant, together with the Chinese and Indian were quite good, wiht reasonable prices for good food. The English pub serves very good food and has very good live music daily.The hotel is located a walking distance from one of Bur Dubai's shopping districts, Bastakiya. Nevertheless, the immediate neighbourhood is quite and well away from the Bastakiya bustle. The location is central and away from the areas undergoing development. However, the main negative is the rear view. Not very good first thing in the morning, as it overlooks commercial and residential properties. Always go for the museum (front facing) view, as the hotel is directly opposite the Dubai Museum. The small bathrooms required crtain dextrousity of movement to avoid collisions which could hurt. Minor point, though. All in all, a very good hotel. As someone who is comfortable with the familiar, i will definitely stay at the Arabian Courtyard on my next trip to Dubai.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great location and away from the building sites!	We stayed at the Arabian Courtyard for 2 weeks in November and really enjoyed our stay. Overall, If you are looking for a hotel which is by the creek and the souks and away from the key devlopment areas of Dubai (the beach, marina, Sheik Zayed road) then this is perfect. Location: The location is directly opposite the Dubai museum, a 5 min walk from the creek where you can get a boat over to the Gold and Spice markets. For the beach there is a free shuttle bus which goes once a day at 9.45am. If you need to get to Mall of the Emirates, the beach, the water park etc it will cost aprox £10-£15 and can take up to 30 mins in a cab (there is no underground public transport system yet). So, if you're looking for sun and sand i would recommend staying in one of the resorts by Jumeriah beach.Rooms/Facilities: We had a deluxe room and a view over some buildings towards the back of the hotel - so not the most picturesque! But the room was nice, quite simple with dark wood furnishings, TV, small fridge etc. The hotel has quite a few good restaurants, all of which are reasonably priced. The pool is very small and overlooks the surrounding buildings, but if you want a quick dip to cool down then its OK. Service: Everyone at the hotel was very helpful - we were given drinks when we arrived and the door staff were good at getting taxis etc. The only negative comment was that we arrived very early in the morning and despite informing the hotel of our arrival time and requesting if we could check in early - we could only have a room after 1pm unless we wanted to pay aprox £80.Cost: I looked at several hotels in Dubai and found this to be one of the only ones that above 3 star and less than £120 a night. There are some amazing hotels in Dubai but all quite expensive. I think the Arabian Courtyard was relatively good value for money.I would recommend this hotel if you want to stay in the historical area of Dubai and be able to walk to souks etc.	
Nov 17 2006 	Nice location nice personal bad organisation...	Dear all,I visited the Arbian Courtyard hotel in Dubai for 5 nights in November 2006. Organized and booked the trip in the internet via the hotels.com page.As I needed a VISA for my wife to enter dubai, I searched for a hotel which helps with the VISA application. Usually something very simple as it is done electronically via the internet by the tour operator or the hotel. On the hotline the Reservation desk promised me to take care of that. The charges would be 450 Dhs, which is more than the double as stated on the official page at the Arabian Emirates Government page (110,-Dhs). But the pickup at the airport and the way back would be included. Furthermore there were 5000 Dhs (over 1000Euro) requested as deposit. Also fine. Written permission given by fax with all the necessary details including the credit card numbers.So until now nothing was going wrong. Entered the plane from germany and were looking forward for a nice short trip to UAE, a bit shopping and seight seeing.When we arrived at the airport, we were looking for the hotel driver to pick us up (all details, flight No, arrival time, etc were given three days in advance and confirmed by the hotel that they would pick us). But after one and a half hours of waiting in the direct sun, we just decided to take a taxi and go there by ourself. Things like that happen, forgetting a date. No big deal. So we arrived there still in good mood. The sun, new exciting city moving, it was still in the morning... Nothing could change our mood (we thought so until this moment). Arriving at the hotel, we were well received. As other visitors experienced and described it in here, they welcomed us with free drinks and offered us to wait in the hotel cafe, as there were many more persons to check in. After the first hour of waiting in the lobby, we decided to have a short lunch in the town and to return after for the (final proceeding for the hotel check-in). At round 14:00 we arrived back there at the hotel. We filled all the papers as requested and were waiting to receive our hotel room, as we were already really tired due to the overnight flight from germany. But unluckily the guy at the reception informed us that the hotel, which was booked two weeks before, confirmed the day before from their reservation desk, was not availbale. And as the hotel is fully booked, nothing available. But they could upgrate us to the executive suite, which would cost usually 1400 Dhs and we could stay there, if we accept to pay 100 Dhs more. The executive suits in the Arabian Courtyard hotel are on the 7th and 8th floor of their building (last ones). If you are spending your night there, you are allowed to use the facilities in this floor, like social room where you can take breakfast in the morning etc.But I refused to pay more money as the current rate was already higher than the best offer in the internet. Short discussion, all very friendly, call to the manager. And very unbureocratic, I got the room but with the small exception that I am not allowed to use the extra services in the 8th floor. Fine. I was happy, thought now it could start. But unfortunately, the hotel room was not ready to come in. So we were spending another hour in the lobby until we could go upstairs in the room.The hotel room itself was in good condition. Nothing to complain. Nice furniture, really clean. Just that there was a real loud noise in the room. I thought first it would be the room airconditioning. But after turning it off manually, the noise was still here. Spending the first night in the room....and you can imagine, the noise did not appear. It wa horrible. A loud noise like of an generator. Next morning, talking to the reception, they told me that the hotel engineer will come upstairs and try to find the reason. He came, took him 2sec to tell me, sir this is the main generator of the hote airconditioning which is directly on top of the hotel roof, over your room! :-) I was happy to hear that. He told me, the upper back side of the hotel in the 8th floor, their executive suites have this problem. Ok. downstairs again, talking to the manager. really friendly and kind. so got the room changed into the 7th floor. Was happy of the kindness some problems as I had to wait until the late evening to get it. But then changed and it was really silent in there. Also clean and nice room. It did not bother me that it was a smoker room and really smelling tought (as the windows cant be opened manually no way of fast changing the air inside), but the noise was away and we were looking forward for another 4 nights in a quite place to relax...The next nights were really nice. Beside the real too high prices in the hotel for coffee and anything else, everything is fine and in good condition. It is always better to have coffee and breakfast in one of the various places around the hotel. Its nicer cause of the arabian flair, the really cheap prices and the friendly persons.The last part of the story started at the night before the check-out. By knowing how long it took, a flight early next morning to catch, I began my check out the night before. Some minor problems as the hotel stuff typed wrong numbers in the credit card machine and I paid way to much, all ok. I recognized and they changed it! So, whenever you pay there, check your bills!Hotel transfer planned for next morning with the reception. Seems all fine. 6:35 hotel personel should get the luggage in the room, 6:40 planned leave to the hotel with the private owned hotel car. Fine. Next morning, all fine, had a good night, the hotel personal did not show up. No problem, for 5 nights you don't have lots of luggage. Not heavy. Brought it down by myself. But I could alrady wait for it. When comming down there was nothing ready. The hotel driver was not here, the car either...even if we were 30 min later than planned. fine... Waiting there for the guys to decided who should go to the airport now. They wanted obviously to pick another one at the same time there when going, but the namesign was not ready. So they were showing really hurry to finish and to pay their attention to us, wanting to catch our flight at the airport. Finally we were in the car and they brought us to the airport. As they knew our flight and dates, bringing us directly to terminal 1 of dubai international airport. But unluckily when being there, the driver away, they told us that we are wrong and have to take a taxi to terminal 2. That was not funny anymore, as you need to drive with a taxi through the really heavy morning rush hour to come there. But we did it in time. So, ok. All in all you see that they are not the best planners or organizers there. Not for check-in nor check-out. If you enjoy full service and would like to take care of nothing, I am not recommending you this hotel. There are sure better ones. But it is clean an really has arabian style furniture.Which proofed me again the professional skills of the hotel staff, was when checking my credit card statement today. Arabian Courtyard Hotel charged the deposite and took it over 5000 Dhs. Then charged the hotel room with over 5800Dhs. Charged the visa three times (including once the government)! And one funny thing (for which the hotel has no responsibility) the car rental which was organized by the hotel (more expensive but more convenient) should charge 180 Dhs, but in fact they changed the last 0 to a 9 and charged 189 Dhs! Just watched the original paper, its really a 0, no way to misinterpret anything. But this it how it got to know them there, if there is an opportunity, well! This is more funny and I am not giving the fault to the hotel.So my resumé:- the hotel is offering a good stay unless you are using the 8th floor in the executive suites back side. So I just give you a good advice to persist on other rooms, when paying more for executive rooms.- check steadily your credit card bills. the personal is very often not able to make the correct billing.- if you plan an early arrival, try to take another flight in order to check in later or just look for another hotel. This can prevent you from many hours waiting in the lobby and asking yourself if they forgot you. By the way, we were not the only ones waitiing. The hotel lobby way every day busy with waiting guests. So there is something wring in the hotel procedures. I dont even think its the hotel personel as they are really trying to be friendly to the guest at any time in the day or the night. And this is not easy when the normal working day lasts 16h! So they have my full understanding and I am not complaining about them. But the hotel orginizations itself is all but not efficient nor correct.- when you bring time with you, then there is nothing to do wrong.I am trying to get my money back. Hope it will not cost me too much negotiations or expensive calls by phone. Just lets hope the best.The location of the hotel is ok. There are a lot of shops around. One thing I forgot. I did not use the hotel pool during the days, as we were all day long outside and visiting the town. But in the last night before leaving I tried it out. It has open until 11:00pm. So really something for night owl swimmers... But be aware. The chimney of the hotel owned asian restaurant (which serves really good food) is directly next to the pool (round 2m). So at night when there are guest, you can smell while swimming everything they cook. :-) Wishing you nice holidays and hope when you decide to visit this hotel you have more luck. Maybe I am just a real bad example. I am not claiming to give the general picture of the hotel. Just my own experience with my wife there.Martin	
Oct 28 2006	Lovely Hotel great location	The Slacks, Coventry, EnglandWe have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Arabian Courtyard after choosing this hotel from the many excellent comments on Trip Advisor. We could not fault it. The staff are really friendly and helpful and our rooms were ready by 11.00 am altghough we knew we could not check in until 2.00 pm. We paid for a standard room which was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, our friends were on the 1st floor at the front. All rooms on the front are overlooking the creek and are classed as deluxe and the ones overlooking the back are standard. There is really no difference in the quality of the rooms which are spacious and welcoming, in fact our room was much lighter than our friends as it was on a higher floor and let in sunlight.There are plenty of restaurants in the hotel in which to eat. The pub serves really good basic food and has a big screen showing sport for those who cannot be away from it. I would recommend going into the nightclub one evening. It is a floor show of girls dancing traditional and disco dance to aisan music - they are really good. Be prepared for maybe being the only other women spectators though.As mentioned in other reviews this hotel is in an excellent location in the Indian quarter with easy access to the souks, museum and the local bus pick up point. I would recommend you take the bus tour which gives you a good view of the city and also includes a free trip up the creek. The local people are really friendly and it is one of the safest citys I have ever visited. Try this hotel, you will not be dissapointed but if it is a beach holiday you want try one of the larger beach hotels but be very careful which one you choose as most of them are in the middle of a huge building site.	
Oct 26 2006 	Couldn't fault it!	Stayed here for 6 nights in May / June this year. It was fab! We arrived early in the morning and were given our room immediately, after enjoying the refreshing drink at check in! The staff were friendly and polite at all times.Our room was great. It had that Arabic feel, which is what we wanted, as we had been to Dubai before and our hotels before, although they were nice were too 'typical'. By this I mean we could have been in NY or London as they were typical hotel rooms!Here we had wooden floors, lanterns, chests and nice dark wood furniture. Breakfast was nice, a good choice on offer. The food in the Sherlock Holmes pub was pleasant and good value. Granted the pool was not that big and there was building work going on around the hotel - however, you'll struggle to be more than 15 metres from a crane or building site in Dubai at the moment, wherever you go!We found the the pool was pleasant enough and never that busy - but if it is not for you then book in for the free shuttle bus to the beach - be warned though - it gets a tad on the scorching side at the beach!Overall I'd recommend this hotel to anybody!	
Oct 13 2006 	Great location and rooms patchy service	We stayed on a two day stopover and like other reviewers were pleased to be able to check in early. The room was lovely, an executive room (808) with a huge queen bed and great view over the museum. Loved the dark wood decor which made a welcome change from the chain hotels. The executive louunge was useful for free drinks and a place to chill out. Service was patchy though, after asking for our bags to be sent up three times we went and got them oursleves, and restaurant and bar staff varied from great to useless. However, for location, price and room quality and cleanliness this place is hard to beat.	
Oct 5 2006 	Treated like royalty	We stayed at this hotel from Oct 1 till Oct 4, 2006. We booked an executive twin room at AED 540 per night over the hotel's web site. We arrived at around 8.00am and check in was fast, though not unexpectedly we were told the room would not be available until 11am. While waiting, we were invited to have breakfast in the hotel cafe and use the Executive lounge (7th floor) from 9am.In the executive lounge we were offered free coffee and cakes, TV and 30 minutes free access to the internet. At 11am we were shown to our room and the staff member waited to see if it met with our approval. The room itself was very spacious, excellent air conditioning that you controlled (so you could make it as cold or warm as you wanted) and a brilliant view over the museum. Throughout our stay, whenever we encountered any staff, they always greeted us and called me &quot;sir,&quot; which became embarrassing after a while. The hotel restaurants were excellent and the Ramadan Iftar feast from 6pm was exceptionally good value at AED 59 per head. The hotel's strong points are its well appointed rooms, service and location close to the Creek, so you can go exploring the souks on foot, take an abrah or visit the interesting mueum. Deira City is also quite close and there is a complimentary bus service to Jumeirah (but only one return trip per day). The hotel is also relatively close to the airport and the hotel provides a limousine service for AED50. The Big Bus Tours stop at the museum, so it is very conveniently located for their tours. I agree with previous remarks that the pool is not a strong point. It makes a welcome relief after walking around in the hot sun, but it's not the sort of place to spend hours and hours. There is also a sauna and steam room. I loved our stay here and would definitely come again, but if you want sun, sand and sea then a beach hotel might be better for you. On the other hand, if you want to be near the Creek, souks, plenty of local colour, this is the place to stay.	
Sep 25 2006 	Great rooms shame about the service!	Having read the reviews on Trip Advisor before booking, we felt on balance it was worth a try - we still feel that. The location is great for walking the wind tower area, the creek, the textile souk and getting to the abrah ferries and there is no building work within view of the front facing rooms, unlike the Jumeirah area where it is difficult to avoid. However, on arrival at the hotel at 9am and after forewarning of an early check in from the booking agent, we were shown to a waiting area in reception. Reception staff did not acknolwedge our existence or apologise for the delay on check in. When someone did see us it was suggested we go and take breakfast (not great value for money at 60dhr) and our room would be ready by 10.30. At 10.45 it was suggested we return at 12 noon, and on that return the night manager took pity on us and said our room would be ready in another 45 minutes! We did not necessarily expect to get our room so early, it was more the fact that the staff were so unwelcoming. The reception staff continued to be ambivalent to waiting guests throughout our stay - only one person on duty at check in and out!! No-one asked if we enjoyed our stay. Food service staff were much more friendly and welcoming.Rooms are nicely done and bathroooms although compact have everything you need. Breakfast is okay, but not a very extensive buffet. Pool is small and has no shade, but we did not have time to use it.	
Sep 25 2006 	Good Central Location	Just returned from a 2 day stay at the Arabian Courtyard.The hotel is in a great spot for exploring Deira and Bur Dubai.There is a free bus to a beach park about 10 K away. (But it costs 5 dirham to get in.)The staff where all friendly and willing. We arrived at 9am and tried to check in. We were informed that check in was not until 2pm (Which we knew from the booking) but they said as soon as a room was available we could have it. After a short walk we arrived back at 10.30 and a room was ready. The rooms are large and comfortable with quiet and effiecint air conditioning. Which was just as well as it was 40C outside. As others have said the pool area is basic and is overlooked by a construction site. But there was not any work in progress so there was no noise. The pool itself looked OK but the water was so warm and the outside temperatures so hot that there was little point in going in. The bathroom is very nice, but a little on the small side. Taxi from the airport was 42 Dirhams and took about 15 minutes in fairly heavy traffic. The return trip was only 20 as it appears that an airport tax is added on taxis from the airport.This is a perfect hotel to explore the old City and ideal for a stop over. If you are going for a beach and sun holiday then look elsewhere.	
Sep 6 2006 	What a shame...	What a shame! The Arabian Courtyard seemed to promise us everything we needed from our ten day trip to Dubai, a well rewiewed 4* hotel including breakfast ,at a great price. Arriving at the hotel in the evening we were met by fantastically courteous and welcolming staff, not to mention a refreshing (complementary) drink. The interior of the hotel is lovely, the staff are charming and helpful to a person. Our room was resonable although for a year old slightly more worn than one would expect, the bathroom well equiped but small, however adequate for it's 4*rating. The breakfast and dining facilities are good, the food is well prepared, fresh and varied. The Mexican especially serves decent food, great drinks and is excellent value; 2 can have more than they could possibly eat and some drink for less than a tenner a head.The gym is excellent, the spa facilities are excellent and the lobby and lounge are very comfotable, the problem here is the OUTSIDE!!From the photos the pool area appears to be spacious and well equiped, it is however VERY small, the area surrounding the pool, two bars are unused. The most important part is the location, on the side of the building the pool is now totally overlooked by a construction site, about 15 yards away and towering above it. During our brief stay it meant there were many builders looking into the pool area, creating lots of dust and making huge amonts of noise. Most importantly for us, the new building means by half three most of the pool area is in the shade, not good for a break in the sun! We complained about this and were treated really well, we were moved to the executive floor, not much different, just higher up with a wooden floor! It didn't change the pool however so we left after two nights. The hotel is lovely inside, it does not compare to Dubai's numerous 5* hotels but it is very good value, the staff are faultless and friendly. In conclusion don't stay at the Arabian Courtyard until the move the pool onto the roof!!!	
Aug 17 2006 	Great location	A lovely hotel in an excellent city location. Service is great with the rooms well kept , comfortable and perfectly clean. We were upgraded to an executive room which gave a view over the fort. The breakfast buffet contained a good selection of well presented and nicely cooked food. The only drawback was the rather small pool which lacked shade. The complimentary massage session was welcome though.Recommended things to do within five minutes walk of the hotel:Visit the museumTake an evening water taxi (with the locals) for half a dirham across the creek to the gold and spice souqsEnjoy a meal at the Bastakiah nights restaurant and wander around the quarter to see the wind towered houses.Also book yourself on a desert tour, fairly touristy but great value for money.	
Aug 4 2006	perfect	One of the nicest hotels ive stayed at!! the service from the staff at this hotel is better than a 5* hotel. had a few problems with the bathroom as we cheked in at 5am but we rang reception and it was sorted out straight away and were given loads of freebies for the inconvinience. a free massage is complimentary wen cheking in. at the end we brough the staff some chocolates because of their excellent service and they organised a free airport transfer for us. better than any 5* hotel ive stayed at...PRIME location to absolutely everything!! it costs about 20p to get to the gold souk via boat which is about a 5 minute walk away...the shopping centres are close aswell and only costs about £7 to get to them by taxi.. the beach is about £2 to get to by taxi!!! Highly reccomended..worth every penny!!	
Jul 22 2006	great service	The Arabian Courtyard Hotel Bur Dubai, We have just returned from 7 nights in this hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff were so friendly and helpful we knew we would enjoy our stay.Dubai is wonderful and our hotel helped us in finding any of the attractions we wanted to visit. They also arranged for our desert safari which was thrilling! We used taxis most of the time as it was very humid, these are very cheap and always available.The only thing we could fault was that we had upgraded our room and the only difference seemed to be that we had a view of the museum, the bathroom too was dissapointing, very small and the first morning our shower didn't work however we reported it to reception and it was repaired instantly.We would reccomend this hotel as it is very central, and as we have said the staff were so friendly.	
Jul 7 2006	fantastic	Stayed here with my hubby for 4 nights in the executive room. Our stay was fantastic. Enjoyed every minute.. The room has a truly arabian feel to it. Breakfast was very nice with a lot to choose from the buffet and omelette made to order if you wanted one. The location was very good, only a few minutes walk to the textile souk and 10 minutes drive to the gold souk if the traffice was not bad. The staff were very helpful and would go to any length to make sure you were very comfortable. Didnt get the chance to have a meal in the Indian Restaurant but most guests who had used the hotel previously recommended it. The swimming pool was small but nice and the sauna was fantastic, shame could not go in with my hubby as men and women were not allowed in at the same time. Had 10 minute complimentary massage by the hotel which added a nice touch to the visit. The staff could not do enough for you. The rooms were nice and cleaned everyday. Shuttle to the beach was available and trips were easily booked by the a rep on the reception. All in all, I would definitely use this hotel time and time again.	
Jun 26 2006	The Best!!!!!	We have just returned from the week at the Arabian Courtyard. The hotel is BRILLIANT!!It has got a nice location, the shops are near and the creek is not far aswell.The staff are very nice and helpful and the service is great. We had no trouble at all when we stayed there and everything was perfect.When ever we had to go out shopping or just like a tour, the Arabian Courtyard use to take us.In the future i would definetly come here.	
Jun 3 2006	Great Hotel Highly Recommended	Excellent Hotel in a great location next to the museum in the heart of the City. As two travel agents on a well deserved break we would certainly recommend this hotel to our customers. The staff were always polite and helpful and nothing was ever a bother. Breakfast is served until 10am although we didn't make many of them (have you tried the nightlife in Dubai!) typical city centre hotel type breakfast. The rooms are well appointed and very clean and comfortable, if we had one suggestion to make a radio or an mtv music channel would have been a bonus. I have to say the mexican restaurant in the hotel is fantastic, they do buy one get one free main courses on certain nights, the total for both of us including soft drinks was only a tenner and the best mexican ever tasted I can tell ya. Its not the Jumeriah Beach Hotel but if your looking for a good quality 4* city centre hotel look no further, excellent value for money you won't be disappointed	
May 27 2006 	not a wink of sleep	I was attending a conference in the Bur Dubai area and chose this hotel for it's location. Unfortunately I got no sleep. The hotel was busy with repair works which for some unexplained reason was done throughout the night. I called the night manager and the reception several times to complain about the horrible noise of drilling and hammering.Each time they apologised and assured me that it will stop but it did NOT. The drilling continued all night. It was enough to make a person go crazy.This hotel seems to care less about peaceful sleep and guest comfort.Rooms were nicely furnished but bathroom was small.Breakfast was pleasant enough but waitresses were surly.I will not be staying at this hotel in the future.	
May 26 2006	Lovely hotel perfect location	My friend and I have just returned from a 4 night trip to Dubai where, after alot of searching and researching, we stayed at the Arabian Courtyard hotel in Bur Dubai. The hotel is lovely, breakfast was spot on lots of choice, and the location is brill if you want to try and see as much as possible. The hotel provides a free shuttle to the beach but taxis are cheap and there is a pool at the hotel but it was so hot by the pool you may find the beach more comfortable. We didnt eat at the hotel at night but it all looked very reasonable and a good choice. All in all if you are looking for a reasonable priced hotel, with friendly and helpful staff and the option to spend the day on the beach and explore at night then the Arabian Courtyard is perfect. Would stay again.	
May 25 2006	good if your on a budget		
May 9 2006	Loved it		
Apr 19 2006	Loved Dubai		
Apr 10 2006	Good hotel in a fantastic location		
Apr 4 2006	Executive???		
Mar 20 2006	A great Arabian Experiance		
Mar 3 2006	Great Hotel		
Feb 27 2006 	Fantastic Hotel		
Feb 8 2006	Good Value 		
Feb 4 2006	high marks for arabian courtyard hotel		
Nov 20 2009 	Ottima posizione buoni servizi		
Nov 9 2009 	Bonne location pour visiter Dubai		
Nov 1 2009 	HOTEL A RECOMMANDER		
Oct 20 2009 	Rundherum zufrieden		
Sep 21 2009 	Buona qualità/prezzo...lo consiglio		
May 22 2009 	Bon Sejour		
Apr 4 2009 	Hotel très agréable idéalement situé.		
Mar 30 2009 	??????????????		
Feb 28 2009 	Lo consiglierei ai miei amici		
Nov 17 2008 	Bah state alla larga		
Sep 14 2008 	Très bon hôtel vraiment !!!		
Aug 29 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Aug 1 2008 	Alcuni inconvenienti....		
Sep 3 2007 	Un'ottima sistemazione nel centro storico di Dubai		
Feb 10 2007	Excellent Hotel		
