Nov 23 2009 	Beauty and the beast!!	Arrived earlier then the usual check in time (around 8 am) as my flight was early BUT was not allowed to check in early unless I payed a fee. VERY DISSAPPOINTING!! The room was obviously available. After having a long flight with a young child you dont want to be in that situation where you are put on the spot. (a bit sad if you have to pay all that money for just a few hours especially since we were staying for nearly 2 weeks)I have stayed at many hotels and have never had a problem with early check in's. This hotel really needs to look into that cos there will be many customers they will lose if this keeps happening even though everything else in the hotel was perfect from the room to the roof top pool... I loved it all!! P.S. I would NOT recommend this hotel to a friend if they have a child and an early flight!!	
Nov 21 2009 	Great hotel Great staff More than what we were expecting	sorry about before, i left feedback for a different spot sheraton at dubai by mistake, any ways this sheraton at shiekh zayed road is in good location, the arriving did'nt start as pleasant as we would have liked... we arrived 5 hours before check in time and we had told them this a month ago due to early flight...when the reception saw the sleepy children...they thought they can get some extra money and we were charged us$100 extra NOT FARE WHEN YOU STAYING 6 NIGHTS AND PAYING PREMIUM RATES ....every thing else was so nice and clean...the two bedroom apartments are massive, as first time in dubai, we didnt book any sieght seeing but the tourist booking centre guys were great. the children absolutely loved the pool on the roof and the bar was great...The wifi although is dissapointing on roof...cant get connection ... all taxi driveres know where the hotel is.... we will be returning to dubai every year and i will not look at any thing else apart from this hotel if they can solve the two little problems i mentioned.... excellent apartments...excellennt pool, excellent staff... happy customer.	
Nov 16 2009 	IMMACULATE !	We have just returned after spending 6 nights at the four points.We were given a preferred room on floor 12,it was very spacious and spotless.The whole hotel just feels brand new.We are looking to return to Dubai and would have no hesitation in going back or recommending the four points to anyone.The staff were all very friendly and polite,nothing was any trouble.the views are great from the rooftop and is a great place to relax in the evening.Fantastic value for money !	
Nov 16 2009 	Simply the best.	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the hotel for 3 night during our stay in Dubai and this is simply one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at.Good service, nice breakfast buffet, nice rooftop pool and at last the view from the top.You can be in the pool and see &quot;the world&quot; (the small islands in the gulf) and the Burj Al Arab hotel. Good clean hotel rooms and nice service at all time and all day. A little bit noise from the Sheik Zayed Road if you live on the lower floors but nothing to bother.Top nice and very high rating.Will absolutely come back again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent Value and Location	Stayed at the hotel for 6 nights. Booked a classic room but we were upgraded to a buisiness suite on the 5th floor. The room was excellent with a king size bed and a walk in wardrobe. The living room was comfortable to unwind after the day. The morrocan restaurant was excellent. Overall it is a superb base for Dubai, especially with the proximity of the financial centre metro station.	
Nov 3 2009 	Cool	Location in ideal for vacations in Dubai.The family suits are big with kitchen, Living, two bed rooms &amp; a dinning.Rooftop Pool &amp; gym is a must visit.Perfect for families with young children	
Oct 29 2009 	Great stay in Sheraton Sheikh Zayed Road	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend at the beggining of October for 3 nights. The room was very nice and clean, the breakfast was very nice , too. I booked the dinner also and first time when the receptionist told me that the dinner won't be buffet I was kind of dissapointed. But I enjoyed vey much this meal because we ordered a-la-carte , the main dish and dessert were delicious - the chef is really great . The view from the rooftop is also nice .I have one complain regarding the amount which was blocked on my credit card for the minibar. The amount of 520 Dhs is still blocked and I cannot use my money. I sent an e-mail to the hotel to solve this problem but I didn't received any answer and it past almost a month.	
Oct 20 2009 	PERFECT - Wouldn't stay anywhere else	Me and my friend stayed at the hotel for 4 nights for a short break in Dubai. We were two females and so wanted a secure place in a good location. In a nutshell the hotel was a perfect base to explore the city.The hotel was a 10-15 min drive from the airport and taxi drivers never had a problem finding the property. Check-in was very smooth and our twin room was ready for us on arrival. Staff were always very polite. The hotel has a rooftop pool and a pool bar with amazing views of the city esp. at night. A gym and sauna room are also located on the rooftop. Our room was a good size (see pix) with a minibar, hair dryer, iron and iron board, kettle and complimentary tea/coffee supplies, LCD tv, coffee table and 2x chairs. Complimentary bottles of water were provided every day and was very helpful and the room was serviced to perfection on a daily basis. The bathroom was of a good size (see pix) and contained the usual amenities. Staff at the concierge desk were extremely helpful. We got most of our local information from them and they also booked our safari tour with just 2 days notice at no extra cost. They sell postage stamps aswell. A free shuttle bus to Dubai mall and Jumeira beach is available thought it has a limited service. The location of the hotel is particularly good for a tourist. There is a metro station (financial centre) 2 mins away and taxis are very easily available. Next door to the hotel is a Nando's and KFC that are open till 2 or 3 am. Down one block is a Subway that is open 24 hrs and further down is a McDonalds and TGI's (5 min walk max). The eatieries come in very handy given that you might be shopping till late. Small grocery type stores are located behind the hotel where you can stock up on water and drinks. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning on visiting Dubai.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel in avery good loacation	My wife and i visited this hotel in October 2009 for 5 nights and upon arrival we were upgraded to a preferred room after booking a classic room. The room was on the 16th floor with superb views over Sheik Zayed Road. The bed was huge and the room was very well equipped with everything you need for a comfortable stay. The roof top pool was small but very nice and the views from the pool area were breathtaking. There was a very well equipped Gym and a pool bar. The breakfast at the hotel was very good with Hot and Cold buffet choices and freshly squeezed juices. The tea and coffee was also excellent. The hotel bar runs a happy hour which was very good and popular amongst the guests and there are nice restaurants serving Moroccan and Italian food.The staff at the hotel were absolutely brilliant and very helpful with any queries. Courtesy buses run to some locations and there are always taxis outside ready to take you anywhere at a very affordable price. There are 2 Metro stations within a short walk. Overall this hotel is an excellent base for exploring a vibrant city.	
Oct 17 2009 	The best Ever	I stayed there the first week of March 2009. We had a group of 12 people. It was the best hotel ever. Very new hotel, modern, very clean, the best service, they get the elevator and push the floor button for you. Very friendly. The you frooms were beautiful with nice furniture. We are going there again next March. Check out the view from the roof. Woooooooooow. We felt we are in a five star hotel. The only thing we did not like is the fact their lobby is not a 5 star hotel lobby.	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean good accomodation in good location	Clean, good accommodation with pleasant design. Not exactly near anything but well-located to get everywhere in Dubai. Rooftop pool good earlier in the day (when sun hits it) although not big - towels provided. Open-air hot tub was nice. Small fitness centre. Acoupld of restaurants in the hotel although we always ate out. Taxis always readily available.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great For Families Amazing Value	We are a family of 5 and stayed in a 2 bdrm apartment. It was very spacious, with a separate kitchen ( though a negative with his was that there was no utensils or crockery so could not be utilised), 3 toilets, 2 bathrooms, open plan living/dining, laundry and 3 flat screen TV's. It was spotlessy clean. It had a lovely roof top pool with 360 deg views of the area. It is in a great location if you want to shop at Dubai Mall or catch the train to the beach.The only main negative was that the hotel did not have a concierge, and to find out information was almost impossible. Also the apartment was not serviced for the 3 days we were there.This was why I gave the service a low rating.	
Oct 10 2009 	Amazing hotel great value with such friendly and attentive staff	From the moment we pulled up at the hotel, I was impressed. At a great price I was really looking forward to seeing my room and the facilities that the hotel boasts on their website. We arrived before the check-in time but the friendly staff did their best to make us comfortable and prepared our room two hour earlier than the allocated check-in time.Our first stop had to be the rooftop pool bar, which really lived up to expectation, amazing views of the city, and on a clear day you can see the Burj Al Arab and The Palm. The hotel also has a bar open until 3am, where the small team make you feel really welcome (and the complimentary bar food is also a plus!) With so much to do in Dubai this hotel is the perfect place to stay and enjoy the city and all of the local must do tourist attractions. In a taxi you are just a 5 min drive to the biggest mall in the world, Dubai Mall, a metro ride for 15 mins away from the Mall of Emirates and only 20 mins from the airport. There are so many good things to say about this hotel, and I would go back there in a heartbeat. We stayed at the hotel for four nights, bed and breakfast. I've posted a few images of the room, which was a Classic King Bedroom.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great stay !	We got an excellent deal, and overall the stay in this hotel was just perfect ! Room, fitness, pool area are nice. The main swimming pool however could be a bit larger. Otherwise, we did eat mainly outside, there are couple of restaurants on Sheikh zayed road. Only negative point : Breakfast very expensive !	
Sep 28 2009 	A hotel with positive 	A hotel with positive &amp; negative points:Positive points :good location,kind &amp; polite staff,good breakfast,housekeeping give you a very good service,they bring you everything you need rapidly,they let passenger check out late(even 4h late than check out time without any charge).hotel’s manager is very careful,he read reviews &amp; he try to correct the negative points.I wrote my review about smoking &amp; non smoking room(I had a problem last year),but at this time we have a non smoking room that we would like.Negative points:king’s room are very smaller than twin rooms &amp; there isn’t no seat &amp; no table in king’s room for taking foods or drinks.My husband &amp; I,we sat down on the bed!!!only there is make up table &amp; seat .the first day when I took a shower &amp; I wanted wipe myself,I saw big spots of women make up on the towel.there were three big towels in the bath room that two of them had women make up spots,one of them was black &amp; you could even see the trace of both hands of that woman &amp; other was red!I called housekeeping &amp; they changed all of towels big,medium,smallThey washed the towels but it rested the spots,I think perhaps it became shabby.but it was not good to use it for other passenger!The sheets were shabby,the first night my husband pull it on himself but it became torn!The rooms by Sheikh Zayed road are noisy ,we were on 12th floor but we heard noises.The cups are clean but I don’t you why they smelt coffee!when we washed them,there isn’t smelt coffee.I think the system of washing in this hotel is not good!I don’t recommend this hotel only because of cleanliness!	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Stay	I recently stayed at this hotel for a week on holiday with my family and was very pleased with my choice. There were two couples in our group and I was originally looking at two rooms but booked the two bed exec suite here for the same price, a great decision as the apartments really are first class and bigger than my flat at home!!The hotel is located on Sheikh zayed near to the the metro station which was still not operational during my stay, the apartments seem brand new and are huge with seperate kitchen, 3 bathrooms and a large lounge area with big tv.. internet is available and the room service is ok,but a bit expensive. There is a wrap around balcony around the apartment but the doors are locked ( not sure why )The buffet breakfast is pork free but plenty of choice otherwise but again is a bit expensive at 90dhs each. There is a medium size swimming pool on the roof ( OK for a dip but not for serious swimmers ) with plenty of sun beds and a well equipped gym . There are two hotel bars, one on roof top which has some stunning views down sheikh zayed road and out to sea ( the world islands can be easily seen ), and a small pub on the mezzanine floor which is ok for a couple of drinks but a bit quiet for a night out.. there are a couple of other restaurants in the hotel which I didnt try.The dubai mall is a short taxi ride away and there are plenty of other hotel bars and restaurants in the area for variety.Overall a great stay in a good location and if you are in a group then the 2 bedroomed suites are a great choice...	
Sep 22 2009 	very nice hotel good value for money centrally located	we stayed at the four points for 2 nights during september. the hotel is right in the middle of sheik zayed road. you have a wonderful view (from the 40th floor) of the road and the big buildings around it and even the newly built burj dubai. on top of the hotel there is a nice cool pool and at least 20 sunbeds. so enough place to get a tan or just lay in the shadow. there are also two fitnessrooms, one for the ladies and one for men. they are both very well equipped. we had our room in the 15th floor, facing the sheik zayed road but you don't hear the traffic at all. the breakfast is really nice and they offer a lot of different dishes. the location of the hotel i thought was also very nice because it is in the middle of the burjaman shopping center, the mall of the emirates and the dubai mall. so it takes about 20 aed to get to one of these points from the hotel. they also offer a free shuttle bus to the dubai outlet mall. i would higly reccommend this hotel to everyone.	
Sep 8 2009 	Ideal location	4 Points is an ideal location, hotel service is average, restaurants are way to expensive so we ate out most of the time. For something local - Nando's is next door and food is great.Room was great and clean, we found the bathroom a bit too small. Rooftop view and swimming pool is amazing!I've been to Dubai several times now, and knew where to go and what to see. I hope the following info helps - go for Vienna Tours for your desert safari tour (140dirhams), its a bit more cheaper and we didnt have any issues at all. For our dhow cruise (160dirhams) we went with 4 Star and again - no issues. Of course do go to the Mall of Emirates, Ibn Battuta Mall, Gold Souk, Burj Dubai, Dubai Creek, Wild Wadi Park. ENJOY!!!!	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent hotel/apartment	We stayed in a 2 bedroom-apartment on the 28th floor. The view is magnificient. The apartment had a WOW-factor, just like we should decorate our own house. Each bedroom has its own bathroom. There is a third toilet, very convenient, we were with four people!!De livingroom is spacious and light. De kitchen is great, but the equipement is behind lockers. You have to hire the pots and pans, but we were not planning to use them. There is a big fridge, a microwave and oven. There is also a watercooker. They clean the apartment every day and every day you got clean towels. On top is the swimmingpool, sauna, hairdresser and gym. There are several restaurants and bars. The staff was very helpful and nice. We were very satisfied and we recommend this hotel to others.	
Aug 21 2009 	Best 4 star on Sheikh Zhayed Road	I booked a preferred room from 13 to 18th August 2009. I must say that this is a great hotel, one of the best 4 star I've been in Dubai. The rooms are clean, with comfortable beds and a great view if you are in a room facing the beach. There is a great pool on the 41th floor with a pool bar, and u can ask simply for a beer or a cocktail.The staff was very helpful: on the last day I asked for a late departure, they gave me it with a discount price.Great experience at this hotel!Recommended	
Aug 19 2009 	Reception Problems - Nice hotel	Positives: Spacious Rooms, Nice breakfast, descent prices, nice service at the restaurants.Negatives: Bad service at the reception: I am an SPG Gold Member. I booked and payed for a non-smoking preferred room. When checked-in I was told that since I am a Gold Member I was &quot;upgraded&quot; to a preferred room. I told them that I was paying for such a room so do not tell me that you upgrade me! ! ! They did not say or do anything after that to fix their false statement! When entered the room, I realized from the smell that this was a smoking room. I called the reception and told them about this problem and their answer was that the preferred rooms were all full and in the next days if there was availability they would change us. However, when i searched through SPG.COM 10 minutes later, I found out that there were more than 3 available non-smoking preferred rooms. I went immediately to the reception and told them that. Their response was &quot;The rooms were just been freed out&quot;!!! . I had to search the internet to find out about their lie in order to change us room into a non-smoking! This behavior is unacceptable!	
Aug 18 2009 	Bad Service	I was really disappointed with the service I got from the staff and management of the hotel. The first day we came to the hotel, we expected the staffs to help us with valet parking or to pick up our luggage, but instead they just stood around and ignored us, until we approached them. The price of the hotel is not worth the stay. You can stay at a better hotel on the same street for a cheaper price and quality service. The staffs are very rude in this hotel. Every night the security would stop us form entering the hotel elevator, because they thought we were outsiders. Did I mention the fact, every time you request a room service favor, the receptionist will call to follow up, it gets really annoying after a while. In addition, the hotel did a pre-authorization on my credit card, however after I left, I discovered they charged the pre-authorization on my credit card account. The staffs in the front desk tend to confuse you with piles of receipts and they are very unorganized. They need to update their technology and match up to the hospitality industry of the western society. One more thing, we did not know that our room included free parking, I asked the staff on the front desk several times, &quot;What does the price of our room include?&quot; and not once have they mentioned parking they should tell all their customers about the services offered within the price of their room package. Very, very poor incompetent service. Please change management or get someone from North America to teach you how to run a hotel. PS: The staffs speak English, however it is really hard to understand their English, because of the accents. I suggest they hire a native English speaking staff to avoid the frustration of language barriers for customers like myself.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great Place!	My brother, friend and I stayed at the Four Points for over two weeks on a vacation to the area. From the moment we pulled up to the front door the staff were very helpful. Check in was a breeze and the room rate was very good. The rooms were very big (we had two) and my room (a starwood preffered guest room) was very spacious. The room was equiped with a nice bed, a very nice TV, a spacious desk and very nice closets. It even has speakers in the very large bathroom so you can hear the show you are watching while in the bathroom, great if you are an avid news fan like I am) The parking in the garage is free which is a nice touch in Dubai, the only disadvantage is that you have to drive up to the eigth floor every time you want to park. The staff were always so friendly, even the security guards. The man who cleaned my room, Sikander, was very professional and friendly. He even cleaned my watches and glasses and placed them all perfectly on my bed stand. It really is the little things in this hotel that make the difference. The pool has amazing views of Dubai and seems to be a little bit cooler than the rest of the City which is a nice touch. The views from up there are breathtaking, especially the sunsets over the gulf. I would recommend this hotel to everybody whether you are staying for one night or two weeks. GREAT PLACE!	
Aug 9 2009 	Always service with a Smile	Me and my family stayed here for 5 nights (2 adults 1 baby and 1 teen), overall everything was good, we were in a twin room which was exceptoinally large, the staff were always friendly and polite (even with all my trouble!) the manager on during my stay was the lady (im unsure of the name spelling) and even though there were some issues, she always managed to sort things out for me and seemed genuinely annoyed when she found out we were being overcharged when getting a taxi back from the mall. Walter was wonderful as others have said, thats not to say the others are not nice, but Walter was a bit more chatty, the only reason I have not given a full 5* was due to the location, although there are shops within walking distance, I think I may have been better off at a beach hotel as the area is not the best with kids in tow, plus when I was reseaching into this hotel a few of the booking sites mention thats its close to the mall, and i suppose it is, but with the way Dubai roads are there is no way of walking, maybe once the train is finished you might be able to use the walkway to get to the other side of the road and then maybe it will be within walking distance.We never had breakfast there so cant comment, but the lunch buffet was nice, again not really a buffet as the only &quot;have as much as you like&quot; section was the starters and drinks, but it was all very nice. Hubby was delighted with the free Wi-fi in the public areas, and wish other hotels would adopt this.	
Aug 8 2009 	Acceptable	I was there last year, just a few weeks after the opening of the hotel.The hotel itself is well located, either for business of for leisure.The check-in and out where incredibly long and inefficient.The room was nice and well appointed, featuring a nice view on the city.There is a little pool on the roof top, but, they did not provide any umbrella, which is incredible when you know the outside temperature in Dubai in summer...Finally, an acceptable stay because we got a very good rate (maybe it was a new opening rate?)	
Aug 4 2009 	Amazing views with great sized rooms	The hotel was fantastic in terms of its cleanliness; the double rooms are very spacious and comfortable, however, it could be said that the hotel was not within walking distance of any major attractions but the frequent free shuttle services do help. Also the pool and gym have ample amounts of room and the gym; despite being small it was equipped with the main fitness equipment. All staff were very helpful especially all waiting staff in the breakfast room and ‘Walter’ was never less than eager to ensure that my stay with the hotel was exceptional. On a bad note the balcony is kept locked at all times which is disappointing considering the view is nothing short of amazing. It is understandable considering the sheer height of the building and the extremely hot temperatures. If you do book a room at the 4 points, I recommend that you also get the breakfast included in the price; it is a buffet service with a large range of food. There are many taxis, and even more places to eat; all the names from McDonalds, Nandos, Pizza Hut, TGI Fridays and more. The location of the hotel is good; with many tall building all lit generously it can be a very enjoyable place to stay.Room service can be slow and a free Wi-Fi service is only available in the lobby and by the pool side. Another chargeable wired internet service is available in the rooms. Overall a very comfortable stay at the hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good hotel great location helpful staff	Stayed at Four Points Sheraton and had a wonderful experience overall. Room was a Our 2-bedroom suite was huge, complete with washer-dryer, 2 and a half bathrooms and giant oversized bedrooms. The suite appeared brand new and had marvelous panoramic views of the city skyline. Concierge staff was very helpful in terms of setting up excursions for us. The only minor issue was regarding the minibar: it is worth comparing the minibar inventory on arrival with the sheet you're given. We were billed for items we had not consumed and it took multiple phone calls, a visit from a slightly skeptical room service manager, and a few more calls to the front desk till the charges were dropped. Excellent fitness center to help work off some of that Dubai cuisine and the pub on the premises has great ambience, although the drinks are on the pricey side. In room internet is very pricey. There's free wifi in the lobby, but that wasn't an option for me since I had to check work email late at night.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great room and discount terrible service	Booked online and saved significantly. Rooms are great - neat layout and good facilities. Location of hotel fine for Dubai - not much within walking distance, but very abundant taxis.However, service not good - staff consistently fail to fix basic things (e.g., kettle) and vary between very helpful and completely disinterested. Also, charges for internet, laundry etc. are very high, even relative to top US hotels - fee for 1 week of continuous internet access is higher than one night stay.Go here if someone else is paying, but be careful if you are paying for yourself.	
Jun 30 2009 	decent hotel but....	when we arrived at hotel check in was quite simple and straight forword, we had been given an upgrade to a preferred room which was a nice touch. The room was nice and spacious with 2 leather bucket seats aswell as dressing area. The mini bar was stocked however we chose not to use anything as the prices where really high. The bathroom was also spacious and had a full size bath asn shower. The cleaners came daily however the times varied alot for example being british we did like our afternoon nap but some days the cleaner didn't appear until 4.30pm so we couldn't rest on those days. There was a volleyball tournament going on in Dubai and a olot of teams where staying here which was a pain at breakfast as the hotel decided to &quot;reserve&quot; a section on the dining area for them which I think was unfair after all we we're paying guests to! Couldn't fault the breakfast here always fresh and kept stocked up the only downside was that waiting on staff didn't always refresh the table with full cutelry so some some days things where missing.The rooftop pool was good apart from during our stay it was windy which made sunbathing difficult (can't stop the weather tho). The pool bar was also quite pricey.Charlies bar had an happy hour 6pm - 8pm which offered some drinks 2 for 1.Never ate at night here so can't comment. We walked up to Crowne Plaza as they had an offer on that offered the days Temp as discount off your meal so worth it in the steakhouse there.	
Jun 27 2009 	I could live in this hotel....	Amazing from start to finish. This hotel has the friendliest staff I have ever met. We were offered an upgrade and our room was massive! Facilities at the hotel are brilliant and the rooftop pool is the most amazing place to sunbathe. Location is excellent and taxis are easy to get to anywhere. We walked to the beach and it took around 40 mins (mainly due to the heat!) Breakfast was nice and Charlie's bar is a nice place to have a drink and watch some sport. Having already been to Dubai before, this hotel made our 2nd visit even more enjoyable! We will be back!	
Jun 19 2009 	(i would have mistaken it for a 5 star)	i thoroughlly enjoyed my stay in the business executive suite, which i guess has the added benefit of a seperate lounge room with an lcd tv, comfortable leather sofas work desk, more storage space and a small kitchen work area (with no cooking facilities) i think a larger minibar or small fridge would be nice and even a small microwave just to make things more perfect. however the room was delightful and surprisingly very spacious. the decor and facilities were also good (i would have mistaken it for a 5 star). the bathroom was spacious and well presented and we also had a walk in wardrobe.(not sure of the facilities in the standard rooms, i will just comment on my experience). the staff were very friendly and always ready to help (even though someone helped themselves to 2 drinks from the minibar) which was dissapointment to the other staff who really outweighed that incident, they were informative and keen. although i know the security issue i think it would have been nice to open the balcony in our room so instead we went to the rooftop which overlooks with nice views and a nice breeze in the 45 degrees we stayed in. you can also go for a quick swim in the rooftop pool, have a drink, use the gym or even sauna. i did not get the chance to dine there. however there are great amenities near by so you get the best of everything. i would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to rebook myself.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Stay at the Four Points - avoid NYE or booking trips with the concierge	The Good:Good location for price, very central on Sheikh Zayed Road (runs right through Dubai)This hotel is great as it is very close to the beach as many hotels on the Beach front are astronomical in price especially at New Year. New Hotel, rooms are great, clean and spaciouspool on roof is good but not greatThe Bad:The Trip desk...We booked a New Years Eve Safari through the hotel desk. 5minutes before we were due to depart we were told it would return at 10pm...defeats the purpose of 'New Year'...it was £200 per person and obviously a scam. We said we wanted a discount or a considerable refund and were told this was not going to happen. We were not informed of these changes earlier. Also, the trip had no fire works, drink or substantial food as advertised.Furthermore when i complained about this the male on the desk told me to go to hell...this was innapropriate and completely unprofessional.Please beware of being ripped off here as the trips are not as described and the staff very rude.If you can afford to be on the beach i would advise it.Best For:Business Travellersnot very family orientated or tailored to couplesTips:DONT BOOK FROM THE SCAM ARTIST ON THE DESK!	
May 29 2009 	Nice Hotel	Very nice 4 star hotel, conveniently located for Dubai Mall and burj tower as well as for business district. Also close to mena bazaar. However over half an hour drive from Jumeirah beach area. Good value hotel with some nice places to eat within walking distance. Nice roof top swimming pool and bar.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent place to stay between attraction but not alot to do at night around the hotel	Would recommend this hotel to anyone just using it as a base. Excellent size rooms - I stayed with my sister-in-law and room size was brilliant. - two double beds! Exceptionally clean, good service - room service and housekeeping. Buffet restaurant was a bit chaotic on the day we tried to eat there tho! Hotel staff very helpful with directions etc but not a lot of info on where to go and what to do - but we had done that prior to arriving so not a problem!Would def recommend a trip to the 7* Burj Al Arab for aft tea whilst in Dubai - DO NOT eat before going tho!	
May 20 2009 	Picture Perfect!	We stayed for 6 nights 13th-19th May its was great! We arrived early morning and we were allowed to check in early at no extra charge. Hotel staff are very friendly. The room is spacious, clean I cannot fault it great value for money! Location is in the centre of all local hot spots and taxis are easily available. You must must must go on the desert safari!! And also the open beach in Dubai Marina is fantastic. I would stay here again and highly recommend the hotel to anyone. Oh and I almost forgot the roof top pool with breathtaking views of Dubai!	
May 16 2009 	Typically polished Business-Class Hotel	I spent four nights in this Sheikh Zayed Road Four Points and they were very pleasant indeed, especially as I was on a business trip involving long business hours.The hotel is on a very congested slip road that runs parallel to the major Sheikh Zayed main road (5 lanes of traffic each way!) with taxis and SUVs barging in at every opportunity. On entering the hotel, the staff are extremely polite and efficient.The hotel gave me an upgrade to a &quot;room&quot; on the 30th floor - this was in fact a one-bedroom apartment with all mod-cons - huge living space with LCD TV and DVD player, fully-kitted kitchen, laundry facilities and two washrooms. The bedroom contained a fantastically comfy emperor-sized bed and another LCD TV. Very impressive and a view of all the skyscraper development including the tallest building in the world (as of May 2009).If you decide to take advantage of the hotel facilities, you will find a rooftop pool and bar giving great views of Dubai (particularly at night); a cozy bar which shows live English Premier League football; a gym/sauna and business centre. The room-service menu was standard-fare, but still tasted good.As usual, all the standard hotel extras such as the mini-bar and breakfast were not cheap but I got preferential accomodation rates from my company which made it better value.If you are in Dubai for business, then this is an ideal place to stay and I would even recommend it for a holiday.	
May 14 2009 	good SPG business hotel	if you have business meetings along Sheikh Zayeed or Jumeira, this is one of the hotels that you should consider staying. The club room is luxurious.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent place	I loved this hotel. It is at one of the best locations in Dubai and alltogether my stay was so good.	
May 12 2009 	brilliant holiday lovely hotel would go back.	Lovely friendly staff cant do enough for you.Hotel is on a main road but when your in you wouldnt know the difference.Rooms are cleaned everyday sheets changed and clean towels.Hotel has lots of good facilities, gym, pools sauna and womens beauty.Close to everything as in the airport, wild wadi (the water park) dolphinairium, both mayjor shopping centres (emirates mall and dubai mall), creek side, bur dubai, al karama, beach and many other places. The cabs were no more than 30 dirhams to any of those places, (6 GBP). If booking any excursions try to book them yourself as it willl be cheaper, as booking through the hotel is alot more.Sand safari is a must... so much fun. Overall birlliant hotel and holiday had a great time didnt want to come home, would love to go back again and to the same hotel.	
May 10 2009 	A very good find in Dubai	I love the Four Points concept of Sheraton, it's easy and good value for money. I've been to the Downtown Dubai one as well, but this one tops it. The location is super, and the view from the pool deck (i.e. the roof!) is amazing, both in the day and at night. You get the feeling you're smack in the middle of Dubai. I got upgraded a room when I arrived, and the small touch of giving you a voucher for a snack is a nice Four Points touch. The bathroom was uncharacteristically large, so that was a plus. Thought the pool deck was very cool for the view, but the pool's tiny and it was too windy to use it. I wasn't too impressed with the breakfast buffet, especially not for the price. The prices for the minibar are simply outrageous, but that's apparently a worldwide gold standard in fancy hotels. In all, I can certainly recommend this hotel.	
May 6 2009 	Flawless - great value great service great location – perfect base for your Dubai vacation	2 bedroom executive suite on the 23rd floor beautifully finished and appointed at bargain prices (5-6 times less compared to listed price per night – the one printed out on the walk-in closet door - I’m kind of suspecting listed price might also have been bumped up good old marketing ploys imported from across the ocean), recession times must account for a good portion of it. Actually it costed us about the same as a plain old room in Qgonquit where everything closes down at 9:30 pm sharp. Actually MGM room in Vegas looked quite run down and plain in comparison for a price not far from this. On the other hand what wouldn't ? Hmm where would I rather go back to next time for vacationing ? Only thing on the negative side would be the long flight to Dubai from North-America otherwise quite a no-brainer in both cases. But if you're in the Gulf that's a non-issue flight with Emirates Airlines another winner, a 45 minutes ride on cloud #9.3 bathrooms, walk-in closet, huge livingroom everything marble, granite, leather, chrome, all around floor to ceiling glass windows, fully appointed beautiful huge kitchen. Three brand new LCD TV sets – a 52 inch + 2 smaller ones in each of the bedrooms beautifully furnished and decorated. SPG channel (Sheraton preferred guest for SPG) showing daydreaming locations where other member hotels/resorts of the same chain are to be found – travel channel style. Rooftop terrasse on the 41st floor with lounge chairs, pool and poolside bar, with a view right out of SF ficks at night, overlooking a see of shining lit skyscrapers, traffic action on 14-lanes highway underneath but barely hearing any sound coming up. Swimming pool warm water makes for great bathing, just make sure you go before 10 pm when it closes, bar open until midnight. Obscene prices for booze and ice cream, the view must be built into the price I guess. Sipping a cold one with a view to the new world entertainment capital – priceless – for all the rest there’s M…d:). Monorail construction work still going on along the Sheikh Zayed Road (highway), once completed it will be a hell of a ride going all the way to Atlantis across the Palm Jumeirah group of manmade islands. Beautiful gulf views during the day, though quite hot this end of April, it can go up to 39-40 degrees Celsius easily during the day. That’s when you need to hide into Dubai mall across the street where you got Mandalay Bay-style aquarium together with tunnel under swimming sharks, full size hockey rink, food court where fast food is actually quite good - Greek, Thai, Lebanese, Japanese, you name it + take it outside on the terasse next to huge waterfalls and a view to the tallest building in the world, the Burj Dubai. But wait, there’s more, you actually have to re-adjust to the new standards when building a shopping mall, aside from the aquarium and the hockey rink you get to walk around a beautifully designed and decorated gold souq (Arabian décor style area full of fancy jewelry stores) with cathedral/mosque style ceilings and huge atriums filled in by classical music giving it tons of charm. Add some beautifully decorated and posh cafes, restaurants and you get the idea. Mall opens up into a huge outdoors manmade lake where Bellagio-style fountains light up the Burj Dubai façade, Rialto with an Arabian flavor-style bridge and countless terasses on the waterfront along the Arabian-style buildings on the other side of the water. Bocelli, New Age and some greatly entertaining Arabian style music marry perfectly the fountain and light show. Packed with locals and tourists but you always get a spot with great view to the whole show whether on a restaurant terasse chair or simply along the waterfront. Then you get into another beautiful souq and another area of countless terasses on the waterfront on the other side next to the Palace Hotel surrounded by beautiful flower arrangments, fountains and palm trees. All these at a balmy 30 degrees C is that the rich and famous lifestyle for the masses or what ?Very smart move on the Dubai side, get all the expats and locals working and living in the area to visit and spend money there plus hoards of tourists – no oil no problem. The place is really great for vacationing and the main problem while there is really choosing up where to go in the evening to have fun, it’s packed with incredible locations for eating, walking, visiting and having fun until late hours into the night. 5 days proved to be barely enough to get a taste of it.In conclusion, Sheraton Four Points – Sheikh Zayed Road – highly recommended at current nightly rates.	
Apr 29 2009 	Absolutely fantastic	we (4 friends) stayed at this hotel between 11tth - 18th April 09 and I was Absolutely fantastic. our room was 2 bedroom suite . it was a large suite (it was about 150 sq m) The hotel and room was clean, the staff were very friendly and after 2 day we was good friends. The decors where good and the bathroom was really excellent. The Hotel location is in very good place in city . near jumeira and far from any traffic . There are eateries around like McDonalds &amp; KFC restaurants near by. we have a very beautiful Balcony in 29 floor by nice view of Sheikh zayed Road . but threre is not any noise in room when windows are close.Overall it was a good experience, good location and absolutely i will com back again and i advise this hotel to all of my friends that come to dubai.	
Apr 25 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! AWFUL EXPERIENCE.	We checked into the Sheraton on the way back from Thailand and it almost ruined our whole holiday. Upon arriving we were told that we would have to pay half the room cost to check in early, after a long overnight flight with no sleep we desperatly needed to sleep so eventually after they stood their ground we had to pay the charge. On getting to the room we found a dirty room that had a blocked toilet, we moved room and found the same problem, the rooms are not clean. We also asked for a view of Sheikh Zayed road and were told to have that we would have to move to a smoking room, we didnt want this so had to have a view of a petrol station. Soon after coming to terms with the room I receieved news that i would need to travel back to the UK asap due to a personal family emergency, so i went to reception and asked if we could check out and not have to pay for the three days that we signed up for (this was about an hour after checking in, and remember we had already paid an early check in charge, which we were happy for them to keep) we were told that they would be happy to do this but out travel agent would charge us for one night, we called the travel agent and they advised us that they were happy to refund the full amount but the Sheraton are the ones who have demanded a one night fee, we went back to reception and told them this and after arguing with them for about an hour they told me to speak to the reservations supervisor, this guy must be one of the rudest people that i have ever come across, when i asked him 'dont you care about your customers personal circumstances?' he replied 'no' so i said 'money is the most important thing to you then?' to which he stayed silent.At this point i was very very unhappy and asked to speak to the general manager, when reception called his secatery, from what i could make out the receptionist was being given a list of names that we have to speak to before the GM, after putting the phone down we were told his not in his office, which was a lie.After speaking to 10 different people over about 4 hours the 'director of guest relations' came down, this was not the direcotr of guest relations and the name we were told was differeent to what was on his name tag, he said about three words to us and had the same attitude as the rest of them, at this stage i wa son the verge of snapping so i decided as i did not want to get locked up lol i paid the charges and checked out. On top of this i was making phone calls from the hotel to arrange a flight back, the calls were all to toll free numbers and i was advised by the hotel and the travel companies that they were free, then i found out that i was charged £2 per hour for the calls, i called the travel company and advised them of this and they said they DO NOT charge the hotel for the calls so they should not be charging me, i told the hotel this and guess what, they still charged me, i was also charged £15 for using th einternet for about 20 minutes. Makes you think money must be really important to these guys.Also if you are arab or have the arab dress you will get much better service, and this blatantly obvious from what i seen.I have recieved bad service before but nothing on the level of this, i have never had to write a letter of complaint as i am a very patient guy but this is the first time that i have had to conatct the head office of an organisation.No regard or respect for the customer at all.	
Apr 23 2009 	PLEASURABLE	I stayed at this hotel between 4tth - 09th April 09 and I could only say it was a pleasurable experience. The hotel was clean, the staff were nice and the breakfast was heaven sent. The room was good but not enough space between the bed and the tv cabinet. The decors where good and the bathroom was really excellent. The location was good however, I could not use my mobile phone in room because of lack of network connection. Each time i needed to make a call I had to go down to the lobby. The location was excellent as I could get to Gold souk and mall of the Emirates within 2o mins. There are eateries around like McDonalds, starbuks, burger king and other restaurants near by. There is a train station under construction by the mani entrance but you will hardly notice or hear any sound. Overall it was a good experience, good location but expensive.	
Apr 21 2009 	Best hotel apartments !	The view of the Shiekh Zayed road is amazing ! The open air swimming pool and the huge apartments make your holiday totally relaxing ! A Must Go !	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent City Hotel to see Dubai	We stayed here over Easter 2009. Staff very friendly couldn't be more helpful.On our last evening we were able to organise a party meal for some friends on the 40th floor pool bar terrace - excellent food service and view.Room excellent and well placed hotel to be recommended	
Apr 16 2009 	great location....	i had a choice between staying at the four points by sheraton on sheikh zayed road or the sheraton deira hotel....i primarily picked this hotel for the location &amp; i'm glad i did....its within walking distance from many restaurants &amp; shops....the area is extremely lively, no matter what time of the day or night you step out....the hotel itself is very business oriented....they offer free wi-fi in the lobby &amp; have a business center there as well....being a platinum status holder wth spg i was upgraded to a business suite on one of the higher floors....the room was very nice with a separate bedroom &amp; sitting area....very spacious....i was in dubai for work during this trip which is another reason why i stayed here....i perhaps would have picked another spg property had i been on holiday....there is a great spg choice in dubai....but all in all it was a great stay &amp; i would definitey stay here again when i go back for work to dubai later this year....	
Apr 15 2009 	Average experience	The hotel has average service standards. Rooms are pretty ordinary and so is the service. The ground floor restaurant has good dinner options though. The swimming pool is very small and makes you laugh.	
Apr 12 2009 	Lovely Hotel Clean and Quiet	We stayed at this Hotel for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The Hotel is clean, large sized rooms, very quite eventhough situated on an extremely busy road. Check-in very smoothe as was check-out. We asked for late check-out due to flights and was not a problem to the staff. Breakfast was a delight and staff excellent. Only one problem encounted, we ordered ice one night and were told it would be there in 10mins, 30mins later we rang again and we are still waiting on the Ice!! Other than that we would highly recomment this Hotel and when the Metro opens it will be the perfect location. Would definately stay there again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Hotel good location!	My husband , 6month old baby and I travelled to Dubai for the first time. We booked our hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor. We were not dissappointed at all. The room was lovely and very big. The location of the hotel was ideal to get to anywhere in Dubai.The staff were EXCELLENT!!!very polite and helpful- Thank you guys!!Never waited for more than a minute to get a taxi as Sheik Zayed Rd is very busy and the staff ensure the driver knows where you are going.	
Apr 9 2009 	Overall - would highly recommend for a westerner	We are a group of three couples and all stayed at this hotel for a 5 day stay at the end of the QM2 trip from Sydney Australia. We all thoroughly enjoyed our stay, nothing was too much trouble and we were graciously accommodated with early book in and late check out. Rooms were generous in size and very comfortable including the bed. Breakfast was adequate, for a variety of nationalities staying at the hotel, however they need to review the fruit content and perhaps change the menu occasionally. Staff appeared to be well trained in hospitality aspects and therefore were mindful of guests needs. Location when metro completed will be perfect to get around.	
Mar 28 2009	Fulfilled the expectations	Based on positive reviews I had my expectations high and this hotel didn't disappoint me. Location is perfect as it is almost the same to both directions- Deira or Jumeirah and Jebel Ali also around are groceries and restaurants so plenty to sit and shop without moving too much. There's shuttle to Dubai Mall from where other shuttles leave so you can use it to get to Marina for free. The hotel beach shuttle is also good but I would recommend to add afternoon one to get back to hotel. Pool upstairs was small but nice gives a chance to stay on sun or shade as you like. Gym isn't too big but has basic stuff to keep yourself in condition. We got upgraded to biz suite which we enjoyed a lot. I would only add more variety in sizes of towels (missed the biggest one) and bathrobes as my dad didn't fit in their one size for all. Hotel services are very nice once you call there's another call in few minutes checking if you have received what you asked for and if there's something else that you might need. If you don't mind not having garden and staying in high building I would definitely go for it.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great but Marred by Last Day of Poor Service	This hotel is somewhat new and well located. Taxis are eays to come by and especially in the piercing heat, you don't want to stay under the sun for long. The front desk was extremely nice. They upgraded my family to a suite and allowed us a late checkout because of our night flight. Thank you Charly!We were impressed with the suite. Everything was wonderful and we enjoyed staying the room.On our last day, we asked for a cab. The concierge directed us to a non-taxi. Given earlier reviews where warnings were given about being fleeced by these so-called no-meter taxis, I asked the concierge whether this taxi had a meter. He said &quot;Yes&quot;. I then aske dhim how much the fare should be. He replied &quot;20 to 25 dirhams&quot;. When he ushered into the taxi, we asked again whether there's a meter, and the concierge pointed to a box and said it's in there. When we got to our destination, the driver wanted to charge us 45 dhs!! My husband flipped and threatened to report the concierge to the hotel mgmt for being in cahoots with the unlicensed taxi driver in this scam. The driver buckled. Word must have gotten round to the concierge because when we checked out, none of them helped us with our luggage nor hailed a cab for us. It's sad that our beuatiful stay was marred by this incident. Although we didn't report to the hotel mgmt of this incident, perhaps they should look into this. It spoils the image of the hotel.	
Mar 10 2009 	Almost Five Star Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for six days during the Sevens Rugby World Cup. The hotel is located on the Sheikh Zayed Road between the Crowne Plaza and Shangri-La. There is much construction going on in front of the hotel along the Sheikh Zayed Road for the subway system that is scheduled to open later in the year and in 2010.The front desk was very accommodating and friendly, and went the extra mile to ensure that the room meet our expectations. The room (2 bedroom suite) was great. Immaculate and well appointed. If we needed anything during our stay, all we needed to do was call down and request it, and our request was to our door within ten minutes. The restaurants were way above average hotel restaurants. The food servers are very professional. This hotel has a pool on the 41st floor along with a sun deck and pool bar. The gym is located on the same floor. All of these facilities were in great shape, very clean, and being used during the time in which we were there. The staff on that floor is very competent and very much try to make your stay worthwhile. The key thing about Dubai is that nothing is really within walking distance or even a short drive. If you want to get to the Gold Souk area, you need to take a 20 minute cab ride. If you want to go to the Mall of the Emirates (ski), it is 20 minutes. If you want to go to the Buddha Bar, it is 30 plus minutes. It will take 40 minutes to get out to Atlantis. The good thing about the hotel though was it was sort of half way; if you were staying near the Raffles, you would have to tack on 15 minutes. The other thing about this hotel was that there were always cabs to be had - the longest we had to wait for a cab was approximately eight minutes and that only occurred once. A word about Dubai, there is less construction going on now than there was even six months ago so traffic is somewhat better. You will see a lot of steel work though with no activity occurring. Prices in the malls are outrageous in comparison to prices in the US - so be warned. A regular polo shirt was $140 plus dollars whereas in the states it would only be $70, and less if you went to an outlet mall. Alcoholic drinks can be found in the hotels but again it is expensive - similar to NYC or Alaska prices and perhaps higher. Bars are ok but the ratio of men to women is at least 5 to 1 (or higher). As far as the beaches go, I would recommend Florida, the Caribbean, California, or Hawaii - much bigger, more activity, more fun. Bottom line - would I recommend this hotel - in a heart beat. It is safe, it is very clean, the staff is unbelievably helpful, the rooms are great. There is also a grocery store two blocks away so you can pick up soft drinks, bread, and the like if you want. The hotel is well worth the money, the location is good, and the staff is wonderful.	
Mar 3 2009 	We love to stay here because it has huge rooms.	The service was very good. The bedrooms were huge, specially bathrooms. We had three way balcony. We got two plasma tvs in two bedrooms and one in living room. We got eight sitter dinning table. One room with the washer &amp; dryer. We also got a big kitchen with huge cabinets, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker and a four sitter dining table. We were in the middle of the Dubai (Sheikh Zayed Road). So it's more convenient to go anywhere.	
Feb 27 2009 	Exceeded expectations	Family of three with a 9 y.o. child. Stayed mid February. We split our Dubai trip into two: first four nights at the Four Points SZR for sightseeing and the rest at the Madinat Jumeirah for R&amp;R. This worked well for us. The entire experience with this hotel was fantastic. I emailed them before to confirm my booking as it was done through a UAE-based agent and make a request for a room facing Sheikh Zayed Road – love city lights! – on a higher floor. I also ordered The Entertainer, a discount voucher book for Dubai, and arranged with the hotel to hold it for us. (It was about 40 AED cheaper to buy online and the delivery was free.) They were always quick to respond. My room request was granted and – surprise- we were upgraded to a corner room. We got the room straight away even though we arrived early, around 10:30 am. The check-in was swift, the reception staff friendly and efficient. Service in general was excellent throughout our stay.The room was excellent – spacious, clean, well equipped, with a fabulous view of SZR, skyscrapers and Burj Dubai, the tallest building in the world. The king-sized bed was very large and super comfy, the bathroom spacious, shower pressure very good. It was cleaned well and in the evening the curtains were drawn. Two complimentary water bottles were left in the bathroom every morning. The wrap-around balcony was locked, as mentioned in one of the previous reviews. Although I’d love to go out and enjoy the strip of an evening, it was actually comforting that it was locked as we were with our 9 y.o. We enjoyed nice breakfasts, included, at the Mediterranean restaurant on the mezzanine floor on three occasions. It was quiet but very pleasantly so, with a great décor and superb, genuinely warm service. Although, the buffet choice was not the biggest we have experienced, it was sufficient. The food was good and very fresh. We did not use the rooftop swimming pools due to them being on the windy side but loved the rooftop area. It stayed opened until 10pm, not sure what time the bar was open till but it was closed when we were there just after 8pm. On our last night, we sneaked in our own drinks – bought cheaply in Dubai Duty Free on arrival—and enjoyed lounging on the chairs, taking endless photos of the strip, watching the city lights, the great architecture all around and even fireworks. You can walk in both directions from the Four Points, there are lots of eateries close by. We tried Nando’s and Zariya, a Lebanese place next door with quirky décor and friendly service. Also, a walking distance from the hotel, through an underpass across from the Crowne Plaza, is the Emirates Towers, with an upscale shopping mall and some restaurants that get good reviews in Time Out Dubai (Scarlett’s, Al Nafoorah, etc.) which were all buzzing when we there. I can also recommend the Meat Company, a South African steak house at Souk Al Bahar near the Dubai Mall. Four Points was a perfect base to explore Dubai and do the touristy things. Taxis are constantly cruising by so there is never a wait to get one. Airport is 15 min’ ride away (43.50 AED incl 25 AED airport charge); Bur Dubai (Bastakiya), 15 min and 18 AED, Mall of the Emirates 10 -15 min if no traffic and 26 AED; Dubai Mall, 5 min and 8 AED there/15 AED back (has to do a loop on SZR).We had an enjoyable stay at the Four Points and would highly recommend it.	
Feb 25 2009 	GREAT VIEWS AND GREAT SERVICE..WOULD STAY AGAIN!!	This hotel and all the staff was great. We were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite upon arrival. The staff were exremely friendly and helpful. After a long day out in the sun..you actually looked forward to going back to the hotel. I cant wait to return to the hotel for future stays:)	
Feb 19 2009 	Great stay	Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful - they could not initially find our booking (fault of lastminute.com) and so upgraded us to a business suite which was lovely. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on this, but the 'Beer and Wine Room' was excellent and had a 2-4-1 happy hour from 6-8 each night with free bar snacks (spring rolls, chicken legs, nachos, popcorn) where we went every night before we went out!The pool and surrounding area was nice - great views from the roof. the pool was quite small but plenty of space for sunbathing. The gym is also up here too and was always quiet and had great facilities. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel for a purely sunbathing/pool holiday, but it was a great base for exploring Dubai, with some sunbathing time slotted in when possible!Other things we did in Dubai that I would reccommend are: Waterparks: Wild Wadi and Aquaventure, cocktails in the bar on the 50 something-th floor of the Emirates Tower and the international all you can eat buffet at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel.	
Feb 18 2009 	simply the best!	me and my boyfreind booked for this hotel as a part of our valentine celebration. the receptionist are very nice and warm. the last time i checked in i was upgraded to preferred room so we tried my luck again and ask if upgrade is possible and to our delight we have been upgraded to a Business SUITE! :-) The room is beyond we expected. it's modern and chic. it's a 1 bedroom suite with complete facilities. we will be back, for sure!	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent	Very modern design rooms; we stayed in a preferred room, view to Sheikh Zayed Road; large room, well equipped inclduding iron , very clean ; very polite and helpfull staff ; we enjoyed wine and beer room , the pool and the view from the roof . Also we asked to stay one more night and they offered a very good price; We were impressed about how clean was the room, the staff visited the room just to assure for night that the curtains are draw.What is missing to be a 5 stars hotel ? Great value for money spend.I attached apicture from the room and one with the night view from the roof	
Feb 9 2009 	absolutely perfect	We just came back from our honeymoon, which ended with 8 nights at four pointsWe had 4 days of beautiful weather, and 4 days of not-so-beautiful weather. . The food was excellent. I have a severe food allergy, and the waiters and chefs were great with accomodating me and making me feel safe. On top of that, the quality of the food was really good - we had great meals there. food and drink is extremely expensive The resort design was beautiful. It's a very new and modern resort,	
Feb 5 2009 	Very happy from check in to check out!	We were very happy with Four Points Sheikh Zayed Road for our stay during Ramadan with the comfort of a 1 bedroom executive apartment, laundry, kitchen &amp; the comfort that this provided us as well as being two steps from two different grocery store to choose from with an excellent variety of food &amp; drinks.ARRIVING &amp; DEPARTINGOn arrival to DXB airport we took a pink Lady Taxi to the hotel it was a good price and ten minutes drive. On arriving to the hotel we had for hotel staffs come to tend to us and take our belongings inside, very professional &amp; efficient. When we checked out of this hotel we moved to the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach and used the hotel car service that was only 10D more than a taxi but it was convenient. On arrival to the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach hotel the driver demanded a tip from us which took us most by surprise as it was not so friendly! RECEPTION/RESERVATIONReception staffs were courteous and organised. We had facilities of the hotel explained to us, ideas of things we could see &amp; confirmation of our booking that was in order as we had booked on the hotel website direct. We were shown to our room on one of the top floors and shown through our apartment! Throughout our stay whenever we needed to approach the reception desk for information all our needs were met &amp; lovely to see employees take an interest in the guests &amp; very family friendly!APARTMENTThe 1 bedroom executive is so spacious and modern our first impressions were WOW. The photos were exactly as the website however the fridge was larger than the photo. There are tiles through the entrance way has the tea/coffee table, to the right was the dining table and open lounge area with a balcony to go out on 30 plus storeys up! To the left from the entrance was the guest bathroom then the bedroom with second bathroom, to the full kitchen (all goods supplied for guests staying 21 days or more, just basics were available to use as we were there less than 21 days). There was a cupboard that behind it stored the washing machine &amp; dryer. The amenities in the bathrooms were soap, shampoo, conditioner and body was of Green Tea. We prefer a shower to the style shower over bath however that is preference and the bathroom was very modern. The staff offered extra towels as items as we were travelling as a family and all were forward thinking to the needs we may have. That was very impressive. There were two TVs one in the bedroom and one in the lounge room with full selection of satellite channels in many languages; Arabic, English, German, French, and Italian to name a few. We were very happy with this choice to pay the small difference in price for a 1 bedroom apartment to have the extra room and comfort. FACILITIESThe roof top pool is a wonderful feature of this hotel. What a lovely place to have a swim with views of surrounding Dubai! There were change rooms and towels up on the top floor. Likewise the hotel gym was located up the top with a wonderful view. We dined at one of the hotel restaurants “The Eatery” where we enjoyed a very nice meal. It was opened during Ramadan with a large curtain that closed off the restaurant to the lobby area. There was free wifi for internet in the lobby area only, the few chairs provided were popular with many travellers aiming to use it as in the rooms as at a charge. We asked the concierge advice and questions to further plan our time during our stay in Dubai but were disappointed with the knowledge with the answers provided to establish where the nearest post office was to options for tours for example. There was no brochure display so perhaps something the hotel may supply for the future.AREASheikh Zayed Road is the financial district of Dubai. In the immediate area of the hotel are a few restaurants, takeaway food like KFC &amp; Nandos as well as two supermarkets, all in walking distance of a few minutes. Shopping malls and the beach area short taxi ride away and there are some good tours that cover the city. We had a private tour with a driver picking us up and drop off at the hotel in a 4WD giving us half a day tour which we found comfortable &amp; convenient as a family. This hotel was located in what was a very safe area to our impressions.	
Jan 24 2009 	Loved our stay	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The apartment was perfect for a family. The view was great. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. There was a grocery store close by and they delivered to the hotel. It is close to the Dubai mall which has the aquarium and ice rink and heaps of stores.	
Jan 23 2009 	New Year in Dubai	Me and my husband thought it would be nice get away from the grey skies of england and spend new year in DUBAI. The staff are very friendly, But the things to watch out for are... food is very limited in the hotel...but it is in a fab location in that other places to eat are in walking distance, and alot of the sights are a short taxi journey away.only other issue is the cleaners....they dnt really do much by way of cleaning during your stay and often our room was not cleaned before 4pmi thought the hotel rates were very high for this particular hotel but they may have been high because it was new year.also before you decide to go to dubai i would like to warn you about the MASS CONSTRUCTION...you may find yourself walking down a perfectly lovely footpath and the next thing you know the footpath just dissappears and your in the middle of a construction site. i have been told that this constrcution is going to go on until at least 2010. also things like crossing a road can be impossible as there are no overhead walking bridges or subways....so my advice get a taxi to wherever it is you need to go!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Great modern business hotel - spotlessly clean	Great facilties, absolutely spotless, great food and service. Room immaculate and comfortable. This is what a business hotel should be. Would not recommend it for families or tourists as it is not child friendly and is not near any attractions. Bar at first was unappealing and small but actually turned out to be a welcoming refuge after a day's work. reception area is not particularly spacious but that is normal in this part of town where everything is on a small footprint. I write this just after writing a revioew of a London hotel and realise this is how a hotel should be! If you're in town for business, stay here.	
Jan 18 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago and had a fantastic time, we arrived really early and the staff couldn't do enough for us from allowing us to check in early take our bags to the room and gave us a quick care call later that morning to ensure everything was ok with our room.Breakfast was really nice.We had our evening meal on the ground floor on the 2nd night it was eat and drink as much as you like between 7.30-10.30pm the food was great the chef would go out his way and cook what ever you wanted and to your liking. All the drinks where well known like barcadi Breezers or Sminoff vodka all for 145 Dirhams which was really.As you walk out the hotel you can turn right and go to pizza hut or turn left and go to Starbucks further down the road there is TGI Fridays wagga mama and McDonalds. ( This is a nice long walk ).You will get free bottled water if you wish to get anymore go to a local supermarket otherwise the bar on the top floor near the pool is expensive.The swimming pool was nice and warm but you had to ensure you kept under the water as it was windy. The hotel need to get a few more sun beds/chairs.After we stayed at this amazing hotel we went on a costa cruise and from the top floor you can see the ships docked which looked amazing, talking about amazing make sure you take your camera the views from this hotel are out of this world also at night.Great location for shopping malls, not too far from the hotel or port and it will be even better when the Metro line opens late 2009 ( September).If you are considering booking this hotel do it its great.	
Jan 15 2009	A Beautiful Hotel....	We spent four days at the Four Points on Sheikh Zayed Road in December, and had an amazing experience staying at this hotel.The hotel is lovely, and the hotel staff were very helpful and professional. After arriving in Dubai at 6am from a 15 hour flight from Sydney, we were really impressed when the hotel staff allowed us to check in early and upgraded our room to a preferred room!! Our room was located on the 13th floor with a view to Jumeirah Beach, was extremely clean and with a very comfy bed. The breakfast at the hotel was delicious and with a great range of choices, we enjoyed breakfast at the Mediterranean dining room, also one day tried the full buffet breakfast on the ground floor. I wanted porridge for breakfast, however having asked the staff, this was something they normally do not serve. About 5 minutes later however, our waiter came back to our table with a bowl of porridge he had the chef prepare for me, which was delicious.The hotel is in a good location for visiting Dubai... Being on Sheikh Zayed road, it is not too far to take a taxi to the beach, to Bur Dubai, or to the shopping malls. We found that the biggest expense for us on this trip was the taxi fares, as being the only means of transport we caught taxis quite a few times a day. For those who are after a beach holiday, this hotel is not the best choice as the taxi fares will add up, especially with the Dubai traffic jams.The hotel pool and terrace area is really lovely. The weather was warm however quite windy, so we did not swim in the pool during our stay, but enjoyed the sun on the terrace and the views of Dubai.Another good aspect of the hotel was the staff at the information desk. They went out of their way to help us organise our trip, giving us directions for places we wanted to visit, and travel advice.Dubai is unlike any other city we have visited, and we had a really amazing and memorable holiday here. Overall this hotel made our holiday even more enjoyable, and we would love to come back again...I thoroughly recommend this hotel to couples or families, and the location is a good base to visit Dubai.	
Jan 10 2009 	good value for money	we stayed here from the 5th jan to the 9th. we arrived at 6am and were told our room would be ready at 7 30am,so we decided to have breakfast. we were just entering the breakfast room and the receptionist told us we could have the room now,fantastic we could freshen up! the room was a preffered room with veiws on 2 sides very clean and modern with a big bed and flat screen tv. lots of little luxuries. the staff were excellent nothing was a problem. we were greeted every time we entered the hotel like we were old friends espessially by walter! the hotel is in a great location taxis are readyly available to take you where you want to go and very cheap. we will definatly stay there again on our next visit to dubai.	
Jan 8 2009 	So so...	Stayed in Four Points by Sheraton Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai in July 2008. It is a bit of a new faceless hotel with a very impersonal feel. The decor of the rooms is not bad with claen modern lines and a comfy bed. Room sizes are ok but the finishing of decor is ja bit average esp in the bathroom which I guess is typical of the brand The lobby is small and service just average. If the Four Points in Bur Dubai gets a new decor , I would prefer it any time in terms of location, service and restrurants. The good thing was that as it had recently opened at the time ,it was rather sparkling new. I cannot however say that it was a bad experience for the rates offered.	
Jan 6 2009 	Excellent choice great location	We stayed in the Four Points for a week during christmas in a classic room. The room was quite luxurious with a big LCD screen and a nice view on the ocean. I think the side to the main road would be too noisy. The location is perfect, we got a taxi within a minute all the time and from there it costs only up to 5 euro's to get around in the city. We tried the Morroccan restaurant and loved the service and the food (try the Pasta Arrabiata and Tomato Mozarella Salat). When we told the manager of the restaurant that on our last evening we needed 25 dirhams (5 euro's) more to get to the airport but were out of dirhams, he surprised us by giving it to us for free. Room service was also excellent, any time of the day. Breakfast closes sharp at 10:30, and has enough choice to get through the day. The hotel is brand new and in excellent shape. Overall, I think the price, location and quality of the Four Points is unbeatable. Definitely will go there again.	
Jan 6 2009 	Yeah nice..	I have stayed in Four Points by Sheraton Sheikh Zayed Road between the 20th and 27th of december with my girlfriend. Overall experience was quite nice.The hotel is very well located in Dubai´s main road. Staff is very friendly. Taxis are super easy to get... in fact they cruise in front of the hotel at very slow speeds to pick up passengers. I stayed on the 9th floor, facing the beach. Room is quite nice, small bathroom and towels, but that is no problem. Breakfast had a lot of options, though there was nothing new each day. They could get some leftovers from the previous night buffet to make the breakfast funnier. Quite practical to book a desert safari, but a bit expensive from what I saw (260 d-moneys).Now, the main reasons why I give this hotel 3 balls. The ridiculous idea of keeping the terrace locked. Contacting front desk about it I was told that it could only be opened for &quot;longer stays&quot;. Come on! What am I going to do? Jump?The second bad thing is the pool area. First, there was no one to give the towels. The number of seats is very small. I tried 3 times to spend sometime there but always ended up cancelling this idea :)Anyway, if I go to Dubai again, on a limited budget, I would probably stay on Four Points again because of the great location and the friendliness of the staff.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good hotel at great location some minor issues	We stayed at the Four Points Sheraton in Dubai from dec. 25 till jan. 3.The hotel is at a great location. From this spot on Sheikh Zayed road the beach, the creek and most of the malls can be reached easily by taxi.We stayed in a one bedroom executive suite. Nice, large living room, good bedroom, nice flatscreens. The bathroom was a bit disapointing for a suite. Shower/tub combination, very small towels and rather small sizewise. This could use some updating, especially for a &quot;executive suite&quot; one would expect a bit more luxury.Seperate toilet, kitchen with a big refrigerator and a washer and dryer in a small cupboard.We had diner in the restaurant (family room) once, a buffet, and it was good. Plenty of restaurants within a 5 minute walk so it's easy to eat somewhere else if you are not in a hotel-dining mood. Supermarket nearby (Lifco), Starbucks, KFC etc.The hotel has a small pool on the roof, with a great view of Dubai and the Burj Dubai across the street. Nice poolbar with good food. Staff in the hotel was very friendly, we used roomservice once and it was quick and had value for moneyConclusion; not a bad hotel, worth the money but the one-bedroom executive suites (aka apartments) could do with better bathrooms. Tip: when staying here take advantage of the happy hours betweeen 6 and 8 pm in the Beer and Wine Room. 2 drinks for the price of 1 with some free snacks (and aclohol is quite expensive in UAE so this is a good deal).	
Dec 27 2008 	Wonderful Christmas in Dubai	We stayed there together with my boyfriend for one week. The hotel was great, clean, very modern, stylish and the staff there was most helpful and kind. We had a nice business suite of one bedroom and living room and it was on the 18th floor. We both would certainly recommend the hotel to any Dubai traveller who appreciates good service, good location and nice hotels.	
Dec 26 2008 	Good base for Dubai	Just returned from having spent 5 nights in Dubai staying at the four points. It is a very good base for the shoppings malls particularly the Dubai Mall which is going to be the world's biggest mall once completed and 15 minutes away. Once we arrived, we were given a voucher each for a treat which could be a sandwich with a soft drink, or a muffin. The bedroom had lovely views and was cleaned daily.The only meal that we had was breakfast which we chose to include as part of our expedia package. This actually worked out cheaper as it was 95 dhms per day. The buffet had an array of goodies including muffins, croissants, cereals, danish pastries along with hot food as well as Arabic choices.We did have room service and that was good and we didn't have to wait too long!There are a few fast food restaurants walking distance from the hotel and there is actually a Nandos next door!Taxis are always passing the hotel. To give you a rough idea of some of the prices - we paid 22 dhms to the Dubai mall, 38 dhms to the airport. (Obviously this might vary due to traffic).The is a free shuttle to the Jumeriah beach park but this only goes twice a day. If you are planning a beach holiday, I would recommend staying at beach hotel as going to the beach every day would mean additional expenses if you used this hotel as a base. But it is excellent for malls and the variety of excursions that can pick you up from the hotel.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great	We have just returned from a week's stay at this hotel. We had some concerns after reading a review on the tripadvisor about services at the hotel, however, we found the staff very friendly and efficient. Our rooms were very comfortable, with wonderful views from the 2 balconies. We never waited more than a few seconds for a lift to arrive. There was a Happy Hour in the Wine &amp; Beer Room every night, with complimentary snacks and very friendly service. There are wonderful 360 degrees views from the roof top pool. The hotel has its own car park. We had no problems getting a taxi when needed.On negative side, there was a noise from the airconditioning plant. The drinks by the pool were rather expensive and the menu in the Morrocan and Mediterainian restaurants were rather limited. Overall, this is a very good four star hotel with impecable service and friendly and welcoming staff.	
Dec 16 2008 	Nice Place Great staff	i stayed at Sheraton sheikh zayed for 8 nights this month when mum came to visit me , the rooms are warmly decorated, the Beds are Extremly Big and comfi, and Best thing is THE STAFF they are all well trained and very nice n friendlyi had breakfast there almost everyday and it is more like a 5 stars breakfast very good variety !!!my sis is coming to dubai next weekend and already booked us a room there!! cant wait to be back!PS: book a room to Jumeirah side, sheikh zayed side is great view but tend to be a bit noisy, jumeirah side is an amazing view as well	
Dec 12 2008 	Good Location new	My husband was on a business trip and i decided to join him. Location of the Hotel is very good as Sheikh Zayed Road is very central and is close to most malls when traffic is ok. The room was smaller than expected and the bathroom was tiny in comparison to other Hotels in Dubai. Housekeeping was not that great I even wrote my comments and left them to the front desk before checking out. I only had breakfast at the Hotel and it was nice, alot of variety. It had to wait at least ten minutes for the elevator to stop on my floor (10th floor) especially in the morning.Overall it was a nice experience as the hotel is new but i think there is room for some improvement.	
Dec 4 2008 	Fantastic Hotel for Long or Short Stays	I stayed here for 7 days (Floor 35) as part of a business trip to Dubai. All I can say is what a fantastic advert for a hotel.I stayed in a one bed executive suite (more like an apartment!) and everything was clean and the staff from front desk, restaurant to cleaning staff were always very friendly.I am staying here over the next 6 months in 3 week blocks and it is perfect for the business traveller who doesn't want the usual hotel room.Room had a separate lounge, kitchen and dining area, 2 bathrooms and a very comfortable and large bed!All in all a fantastic hotel and i'm not sure what people on here were moaning about!!Back again next week and looking forward to it already!	
Dec 3 2008 	Very good small hotel	A really good all round small hotel on the Sheikh Zayed Road. Good facilities and very very comfortable rooms. Staff friendly as well and only downside was the buffet dinner was pretty bad and the breakfast was only slightly better. I would stay there again though and in fact am next week!	
Nov 30 2008 	Horrendous experience	Disgraceful hotel.Never in my life have I had to endure such rude unhelpful incompetent front desk staff. There was a dispute over our booking requirements and we discovered that despite having booked for 2 people online, they only had a record for one person, also we were told the id we provided was not sufficient. The same ID that has allowed us to stay in other hotels in the UAE so why was this hotel any different? They were also insulting and unable to manage conflict, customer service here does not exist.Neither of these things should have been a problem with staff who knew what they were doing, however the problem escalated and we were given no choice but to leave, and drive the two hours home tired and with no promise of resolve from the staff.They were arrogant and offensive and offered no alternative solutions to the problem at hand. I work for the media and travel frequently first impressions last and if this was how the hotel is represented I cant imagine how bad the rest of the experience would have been.We had already been stuck in dubai traffic for two hours after we had been given poor directions by the staff.The front lobby was untidy and never once was our request to speak with upper management granted. I have also made numerous attempts to speak with the general manager but again no response, yet another failing on the hotel staff's part.I await managements response . This hotel staff should be ashamed of themselves and in no way does it live up to the sheraton name, I would avoid at all costs.	
Nov 14 2008 	Very good hotel	I stayed at the Four Points Sheraton for a week long business trip in November 08. The rooms were great and the hotel was brand new. The view from the gym and the pool is incredible especially at night. The only problem was the front desk staff who took over one hour just to get an invoice done. Besides this I had a great stay and I recommend it for business travelers who need to stay in the Sheikh Zayed rd. area.	
Nov 13 2008 	A long-stayers dream.	We moved into the 4 Points in early Oct 2008, and will be staying 6 months. We are in a 2 bedroom serviced apartment, and we have been made to feel part of the family. Nothing is too much trouble, from the bell staff arranging taxis, to the people who clean the room, to the management team. Any request for help is quickly and efficiently met, and the whole atmosphere is warm and friendly.I can whole-heartedly recommend this hotel for the short or long staying guest.	
Nov 11 2008 	Fantastic hotel from a well travelled travel agent	Stayed at the hotel from the 7th - 10 November 2008. From the airport pick up, arranged by the hotel, to the speedy check-in, everything was perfect! Our room was ready at 0930am.. What a treat after a long flight from Johannesburg. The room itself is really great! 2 double beds and spotless. The bathroom although small, is clean with all modern conveniences. The highlight I think is the roof top pool terrace offering an awesome view of Dubai. Will definitely recommend this well located hotel.Gordon HarrisonTravel Again, Johannesburg, South Africa	
Nov 6 2008 	Should be called 10 points.	We loved this hotel, The location on Sheikh Zayed road is excellent with many restaurants, shops and a few supermarkets just steps away. And once the new Light Rail opens it will be very easy to get around from the rail station opposite the hotel. The booking was easy via the hotel website, and communication i had via e-mail was dealt with extremely promptly and efficiently. We were checked in within minutes, no problems. You also get given a card for a snack and drink to use at the hotel bars or restaurants during your stay, nice touch.The design of the hotel is simple, modern, contemporary, really nice. We booked a preferred room (corner room) the room was large and light. Fantastic bed, Plasma TV, Mini Bar, Desk, Armchairs, Iron, Hairdryer, Safe. Plenty of storage space.Loved the design it was very clean, maybe because of the high gloss tiled floor instead of carpet.The balcony was over 1 metre deep and ran the entire length of the room on both sides, giving us fantastic sea views all the way from Dubai port all the way along the coast past the Burj Al Arab and onto Jebel Ali.The bathroom was large, fully stocked with toiletries and complimentary mineral water. Great shower and bath too. The pool area on the roof is fantastic, comfortable loungers, a pool bar serving snacks and fantastic views over all of Dubai. There are 4 elevators and we never had to wait more than a minute for an elevator. The hotel staff in the lobby area would see you coming and have the lift there waiting for you most times. All the staff we dealt with we courteous, efficient and friendly, Housekeeping were great, the room was spotless, coffee and water replenished, morning and evening. Great job.Check out was equally painless. We have stayed at many hotels in the ME and worldwide and this one really seemed to have mastered providing effectively seamless service without any fuss. All in all a great stay, we really loved how efficient and unpretentious this hotel was, just delivering in what seemed an effortless fashion. Would i stay here again? You bet, i wouldn't think of going elsewhere.	
Oct 23 2008 	nice hotel  good price	nice hotel, longer than average check, reception said we could use the pool on the roof till our room was ready. Our room was upgraded, all the staff very friendly.Located on busy road, plenty of other bars, restaurants and shops nearby within short walking distance, will be staying there on next visit to Dubai.	
Oct 17 2008 	Good location good value but some details could be improved.	I stayed 2 nights at this hotel in mid-October while in Dubai on business. In terms of value-for-money, whether on business or pleasure, this is a very good option in a city where hotel rates can be exorbitant. Furthermore, I received an upgrade to a sea-facing, corner (Preferred) room in recognition of my SPG Platinum status. (I was also offered the option of a smoking Suite, but chose the non-smoking Preferred room instead.)Having said that, there were a few details which were a little rough around the edges. First, the free wi-fi in the lobby causes many guest to linger there, and frankly it's not a very large lobby. There is a small table with 4 chairs in-between the main lobby and elevator banks, and these seats are regularly hoarded by laptop-wielding guests. Not the best impression.Second, I found the service to be friendly but lacking. For example, in one of the F&amp;B outlets, the serving staff would all come over and greet me, but when I actually ordered something it took ages to arrive. So to summarise, this is a well-located, good value hotel to which I would return. However, it does not so far earn an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating in my opinion.	
Oct 16 2008 	One of Best Business Hotel in DUbai	This is a very nice hotel, I really like itIt’s brand new (open June 2008), and well located in Sheikh Zayed Road.The room is reasonable spacious and well decorated.This hotel is one of the best 4 stars hotels in Dubai.There are only two disadvantages: 1- The entrance is not designed to be a hotel entrance; it looks like a normal office tower.2- The internet is free only in the lobby (the lobby is too small), but very costly in the room (about 26$ per day)	
Sep 8 2008 	Excellent!	I stayed one night at the Four Points by Sheraton Sheikh Zayed Road. The room was excellent: spacious, nicely decorated, good furniture, large flatscreen, large bed etc. - all you need is there. The bathroom was large, functional and very clean. The room was in the 12th floor with a nice seaview. I booked the room via Asiarooms for 92 Euros and it was very good value for the money. Breakfast was also very good with unobtrusive yet attentive service. There was a slight continuous rattle from the aircon which could be amended by reducing the fan speed. All in all a pleasant stay at an excellent hotel.	
Aug 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel Very Good Location My best stay in Dubai yet!	I stayed at Four Points by Sheraton, Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai for 8 nights from 21 August 2008. This was my fifth visit to Dubai and it was my best stay in Dubai yet!I had read the reviews on trip advisor and contacted the General Manager to enquire about early check in and car parking and I received a very prompt response.Check in time is normally 3pm, but my flight arrived at 5am and I was at the hotel for 6am. The General Manager had written that early check in was subject to availability and I let the reception staff know, they let my family check in at no extra cost and upgraded my rooms to an executive 2 bedroom appartment.In addition to this, they provided a proper baby cot (crib) ie not a travel fold away cot and an extra bed at no extra cost.As I had decided to rent a car for the duration of my stay, car parking was important and the hotel has a significant multistorey car park at the rear of the hotel which was free of charge for hotel guests.Dubai is getting more congested and taxis do not serve certain areas very well, therefore, I rented a car. Alot of travel guides tell you to be very careful when driving in Dubai, but as long as you have your wits about you, its no different from driving in London or Birmingham. Car hire is very reasonable (compared to in Europe) and I would definately recommend it. It gives you the freedom to explore Dubai and beyond.The breakfast buffet was very good, there was a good choice of breads, croissants, muffins, pastries, cheese, yogurts, cereals, fruits, the chef prepares fresh eggs to your choice. There was also a selection of hot buffet items and juices. (Elena was particularly helpful to us)The staff were also very friendly and always had a smile on their faces.The reception area is a little small, but given how big our room was I don't particular mind! Also there is free wireless internet in the lobby area, which a lot of people used. Really nice idea for people on holiday emailing family to keep in touch.The room was immaculate and very large, excellent facilities including room safe, satellite TV. Complimentary water bottles are left in the room daily. Another nice touch is a complimentary treat which the reception staff give you on checking in. This gives a selection of treats (Hot drink and a sweet selection/ Beer &amp; pretzels/ fruit selection etc)The roof top area gives fantastic views of Sheikh Zayed Road and surroundings. The Pool and paddling pool were a great hit with the kids.The surrounding area is very lively with a selection of international cuisine within walking distance. In addition to this there are several small corner shops to get water, soft drinks and snacks etc open until midnight.Photos are just as their website and as other people have posted.Great Hotel, Great Service, Look forward to going back again!	
Aug 25 2008 	Questions about this hotel	I will be at this hotel tomorrow, what the earliest, i can check in? is there airport shuttle bus? if not how much will a taxi cost me to get to the hotel? answer will be nice	
Aug 25 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Stayed at this property with husband and two kids aged 11 and 16 for 3 nights in August. I was a bit skeptical before our trip as there were only 4 reviews available but was pleasantly surprised. We had booked two interconnected rooms; I confirmed this before our trip via email. Good thing that I had a print out because during check-in they were giving us two rooms on separate floors. As soon as I produced the e-mail they found two adjoining rooms and checked us in right away. They do not have connected rooms only adjoining ones. As the previous reviewers have stated the lobby is indeed very small with hardly any room to lounge. The location of the hotel more than made up for it, very convenient and taxis are easily available round the clock.Our one room had a king bed and the other had two very large twins. The king room was much smaller than the twin room. The twin room was quite spacious although the bathroom was small. Both rooms had a walk out balcony overlooking Sheikh Zayed Road. Even though the weather was HOT we spent quite sometime standing there enjoying the views particularly at night. Both rooms were clean and comfortable. Two bottles of water were provided everyday free of charge. They also have a program where they give you one free ‘snack’ from a list once during your stay. We got chicken sandwiches, muffin and fruit plate. A very nice touch.Once ate lunch buffet at their restaurant downstairs. Plenty of items to choose but the food were at best average except for the ‘lamb’ dish which was amazing.Not to be missed is the rooftop pool area for the 360 degree views. Weather did not permit us to stay much long and lounge around. Will I stay here again? Most probably, unless I want to be close to the beach in a more resort like setting.	
Aug 21 2008 	Good Location and excellent service	Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. My room was very clean and the hotel service was good. The hotel is well located on Sheikh Zayed Road (about 25 to 30 dhiram cab drive to Mall of Emirates, Wadi Water Park, Medinah Jumerah Beach etc and about 20 or less Dhiram to go towards Dora and Old Dubai.). Taxi can easily be taken in front of hotel. Breakfast buffet is excellent and free Wifi internet in lobby area if you have your laptop!	
Aug 13 2008	Eatery Buffet	Ate at the Eatery. The food selection was very small for the hot food. There was only one fish option. The starters were ok. The dessert bar was OK, there was however no icecream. The Buffet cost 95 dirhams, but the drinks were not inclusive, so we had to pay for the drinks seperately. Some of the hotel staff were not very knowledgeable on what the 95 dirhams included, because before hand I called to make reservations, and was told that drinks such as coke and sprite were included in the 95 dirham.Not sure if i will be going back there anytime soon.	
Aug 10 2008 	Very good for Business Travelers	When it comes to location in Dubai, this is the hotel for a business traveler. It is close to the airport (10 min by taxi). It is at the heart of Sheikh Zayed Road. No worry about getting a taxi, the driver finds the adresse easily and most Dubai companies will have their office nearby.The hotel itself is an above average buiness hotel. Their Internet policy is rather strange as it is for free in the lobby and the first floor whereas they charge you 80.000 AED in your room. The views are amazing as you either see the Gulf or the ever changing skyline of Sheik Zayed Road. The rooms are comfortable and I had a balcony as well. The bath room is spacious. The gym and outdoor pool on the top floor are good. Despite the gym is small but well equipped.Food and breakfast are good, whereas the bar (pub and wine bar) is rather disappointing. But in all my stays in UAE I have not been in a single good hotel bar.	
Jul 27 2008 	Stay here for the Gym Pool Breakfast 	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Sheraton Four Points hotel at Shk Zayed Road through June/July 2008. I strongly recommend this hotel for its service &amp; overall experience.1. The guys who run the Gym (Mohammed, Krishna, Jackson) simply rock!! They're with you during training, they proactively suggest useful exercises, and they do seriously help you achieve tangible short-term objectives. Mohammed is especially good. The Gym could however, do with a good music system. Equipment is brand-new. Stunning view - Burj2. The manager at the front-desk, Apurva, and staff, work out painless solutions for the few/many issues around additional billable items, that typically crop up during a stay - takes your mind off stupid things during a business / holiday trip3. The team that arranges/serves breakfast delights you everyday. Superior service repeated without disappointment, consistent menu. No adverse surprises. Equips one quite well for a tough day at work / play. Can offer some more local cuisine though.4. The Wine/Beer room &amp; Moroccan restaurant have good offers. The ambience is inviting. Ideal for the evening.5. Splendid view from the terrace / swimming pool. Not many hotels on Shk Zayed Rd have an open air view from the 41st floor.6. Awesome location7. Housekeeping staff v honest, diligent &amp; meticulous. Respond quickly &amp; with a smile, for special requests.8. Allows multi-level parking for guests visiting you at the Hotel, at an adjoining facility.9. The hotel needs an exclusive Service Lift for housekeeping staff. 10. Wait times at the lifts are a bit unpredictable. Esp if you're at the terrace.11. Located right next to an outlet to buy the spirits, if you know someone in the UAE who has the required permit.Have seen Sheraton hotels in Europe &amp; SE Asia, some of which have lots of catching up to do with Sheraton Dubai Shk Zayed Road.This one has set a benchmark.Many thanks,Bharath Rajamani	
Jul 25 2008 	Amazing new hotel	We stayed in this hotel for three nights and our stay was great! 1. Rooms - stylish, clean &amp; spacious2. Food - various choices, tasty3. Pool on the rooftop - the best place to be. The view over Sheikh al Zayed road is fantastic4. Staff - this is what I liked most about the hotel: The staff was always friendly, polite, helpful and is the greatest asset of this hotel! I felt extremly comfortable during my stay because the staff was absolutely amazing and made our stay unique. I would definitely go back to this hotel. It is value for money and the best place to be if you value an excellent service.Only thing to be improved: The rooftop should be accessible round the clock. it is a pity that it is closed at 10pm. It would be nice to enjoy the great view over the city after coming back from dinner.	
Jul 25 2008 	liked it!	i stayed one night only (last night!), but it was clear its a nice hotel. my room was nice and the toilet clean though a bit small. BF boufet was nice though not large, and the concierge / porters were excellent. well done!	
Jul 18 2008 	Good hotel	I have recently returned from an 8 night stay at the hotel. I enjoyed my stay here and most of the staff are extremely efficient and hard working. I had only one problem with my room over the stay, the manager was extremely efficient in rectifying this and gave us a free upgrade for the inconvenience.As usual the hotel offers to organise certain trips for you, but I would suggest doing this privately as the hotel charges more than double than the ones you can find by looking in the classified section in the free newspaper which is delivered to your room each morning.The breakfast was really not up to a high standard, I have stayed in 3* Hotels where the breakfast has been far better. The staff at the breakfast are good, though pretty slow in delivering your drinks, especially if you want a tea or a coffee. On a few occasions I had finished my breakfast and forgotten I'd even ordered a drink, ready to leave when it was finally delivered. The woman who brings the bills could also do with a course in customer service.The hotel is in a great location, there are many big brand restaurants within a few minutes walk, and taxi's are so cheap everything in the city is easily accessible.The roof top pool and gym are quite small, but the breeze you get at that height is fantastic in the summer heat.I would recommend this hotel to others and I would consider staying here again myself.	
Jul 4 2008 	Loved the room the food  and the price!	We have just returned from the Four points. The hotel is so lovely . The food was lovely... everything was amazing about that hotel... the price was very very reasonable...	
Jun 28 2008 	Nice Business Hotel	The rooms are nice and the staff was rather helpful.The only minus I could think of was the shower in the bathrooms which had very low water pressure.	
Jun 18 2008 	Visitors beware: Ridiculous luggage policy	My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon in Dubai, staying at the FP Sheikh Zayed Road. Rooms were good, clean (but without free wireless internet) and staff, in particular coffee shop staff and chefs were amongst the most helpful and efficient going around. The breakfast was very good in offering an excellent range and quality of dishes - a real highlight.Unfortunately, upon checking out, and with 20 mins before being picked up for our pre-arranged tour of the city, we were first told by the concierge &quot;we don't have any room to store your bags for a few hours&quot;(?), and then by reception &quot;Two weeks ago, the local police has issued a directive forbidding our hotel to keep luggage after a guest has checked out - you must take it with you&quot; (!?). A quick call to 2 competing hotels in the area during our discussion revealed no such policy in practice elsewhere.Escalating our complaint to the disinterested duty manager only produced, in a most dismissive tone &quot;Well, you can take the luggage to the airport and check them in&quot;. We were shocked - a major inconvenience and policy complication affecting all guests, and the management hadn't even thought of alerting guests to the policy change, nor to formulating useful suggestions to offer to guests aggreived by this policy.Our tour bus arrived, and we were forced to pay an additional half day room rate, just to store our bags.(!?)Thanks for souring what was otherwise a pleasant honeymoon experience in Dubai FP Sheikh Zayed Road.	
Jun 16 2008 	very clean and spacious rooms	Very happy with this hotel. The service was good - the rooms were nice and spacious and very clean. The only complain I would have is that the lobby was too small, everything else was excellent.No need to download photos, the rooms are exactly as shown on the four point's website.	
Jun 6 2008 	Very nice hotel for business travellers	This new hotel situated on the Sheikh Zayed Road just opened 5 weeks ago. The staff is very friendly and efficient. They upgraded me to a very nice business suite. There is a small pool on the top of the hotel, the view there on Bur Dubai skyline is fantastic. Be aware that there is currently only one restaurant opened. The others will open soon... The pool bar on the roof of the building is not really effective neither. The food is good, and room service efficient. The lobby is very, very small, and there is no space to sit down there. Nice hotel for business travel in Dubai. I would definitely stay in this hotel again, in order to get the opportunity to test the other restaurants, when they will open.	
Oct 4 2009 	Ottimo albergo "baricentrico"		
Aug 27 2009 	suites da 150 mq al costo di una singola		
Aug 6 2009 	???????		
Aug 2 2009 	????????		
Jul 17 2009 	Nur 2 kleine Fehler Gutes Hotel !		
May 27 2009 	bei gutem Preis absolut zufriedenstellendes Hotel		
Jul 18 2008 	Neuf moderne et personnel aux petits soins		
