Nov 17 2009 	Noisy Nightclub in Basement of Hotel	This hotel is fine as long as you don't expect to sleep during your stay. Can't understand why none of the other reviews (nor the hotel website!) mentioned the fact that a nightclub is located in the basement of this hotel. Loud base music is played until 3am and the whole hotel shakes and vibrates to it. We were on the 2nd floor and it felt like our pillows were vibrating. We eventually rang down to reception at 2am to find out what was going on, the concierge sounded like he'd heard it all before and offered to move us to another room the next day - but we were only staying one night! We got about 4 hours sleep. AVOID AVOID AVOID. There are many other hotels in the same area, and the same price range, that do not have nightclubs in the basement!!	
May 16 2009 	Excellent hotel to stay	I was there in Last year July, with my wife, I found this hotel neat, clean, good customer service, excellent food, excellent varieties at complimentary Breakfast, I would stay again during my next visit.Ramzan Ali Rehmani	
Mar 8 2009 	not satisfied at all	I didn't like hotel at all. The service was very poor. We checked in on Wednsday but our room was not cleaned by Saturday. There are few people to do the cleaning. They didn't have any crib for babyThere was only one restaurant and it was very small and not very clean. They had open buffet for lunch but every day almost the same food. But at night every thing in the restaurant seemed very nice because you should have paid if U wanted to eat there. In this condition you felt like a poor person whom they give food for free at lunch!!!! although they had counted the price of breakfast and lunch on your pakage. At breakfast time, in the same restaurant, you couldn't have more than one cup of tea. In addition the behavior of the waiters and waiteresses was not very satisfactory. It is a 3 star hotel but it doesn't have parking although it is located in a busy street and needs parking.I won't go there any more at all.	
Jan 30 2009 	bon hotel à côté du centre ancien		
