Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel	The hotel look is quiet good when arrival. Lobby is good classic hotel decoration, although this is not modern and grand,but i feeling that so comfortable and silent. I'm reserved the creek view room, the room decoration is old classic but clean. I'm enjoy the coffee, complimentary fruits and the creek view on my sofa, that feeling &quot;relax&quot; !! Some mistake in room is the window is quiet dusty although we can open window. it maybe need to remind hotel's house keeping!! I'm also swim in the pool, it is not big but good enough cuz not many ppls!!  In conclusion, this hotel is near Union metro station, by walk just only under 10mins, we also can get the taxi easily outside the hotel main entrance. Go to some major travellers point by taxi or metro is not very expensive. Some opinions to hotel or travellers is try to don't arrival dubai before 1200pm, because we're arrived at 0600am and really tired of our 9hrs flight, but they don't have rooms told by receptionist, let say you will paid more 25% daily room rate for early check-in, you're also need to wait until 0900am and no any suggestion to you, just only wait or leave your luggage and go outside!! The security staff always smiles and politely, but the receptionist is look smart and professional but not many smiles. Although i think this is business hotel, but always keep the smiles to every guest is important let's on 0600am, if they can always doing by heart and not only is job. I think this is a very good and really need to stay again!!	
Nov 18 2009 	Blah	Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this was most definitely one of them. That's all I can say. Nicely furnished and comfortable, but largely without personality. Check-in and out process was miserably slow. NO FREE INTERNET! They tried hard to up-sell for free drinks and free internet, but it was prohibitively expensive.	
Nov 11 2009 	Friendly staff and comfortable business hotel	Really liked this place for a quick 24 hr stopover on the way to Europe. Had a large comfortable room with all mod cons and a great view of the creek. I arrived an hour or two earlier than planned and had to wait for my room to be ready, front office staff were very friendly and stored my bags and saw to it that I found somewhere comfortable to sit and relax until my room was ready, which was only an hour or so. Ordered room service breakfast (on time and delicious) and utilised the business centre, where again staff were helpful.	
Oct 29 2009 	A Lovely Experience	We stayed at this Hotel, for 3 nights in July 09. We arrived off an early flight, before 7am, and were given our room straight away, also invited to upgrade at a very small cost,which we did. A lovely view of the Creek, from a very spacious room, more like an apartment, with everything one could need. Smiling,very pleasant staff in every part of the Hotel. Food was excellent,seated with best views. Pool was very nice, staff there great as well, we needed to swim in 40+ o.! In spite of this, Dubai was an interesting and very different culture to experience,easy to get around and so much to see and do.	
Oct 28 2009 	Excellent; would stay here again and recommend highly.	This hotel is superb, including the personnel, service, food, room accommodations, Towers Lounge, fitness center. The location is excellent, right ON the creek, which is bustling with business all day. Yes, it is worth every penny or point to get a Towers Creek view room. We received complimentary early check-in and late check-out. I emailed beforehand with Antony Wade, Deputy General Manager, who was most helpful answering all my questions about rooms and reservations. Mr. Andreas Duerkoop, Director of Guest Services, went above and beyond with emails to me handling several reservations for golf, tours, and dining reservations. As a result, everything was done beforehand, so we could enjoy a beautiful, hassle-free stay. I just can't say enough good things about this property and the staff. We would definitely stay here again. The decision is between &quot;downtown&quot; vs. the beach area; for us, this was not a beach vacation, so we enjoyed being in the heart of the business district, close to the dhow wharf and gold souk, and cruise terminal and airport. My thanks again to Mr. Wade and Mr. Duerkoop, and all their staff, for making this trip one of our best anywhere.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good 5 stars hotel	I stayd on SPG floor (5th for Starwood prefered guests). Was surprised that my colleague's room on the Classic floor (1st floor) was better than mine! Classic room on the 1st floor had brand new furniture, very nice decorated, but city view, not Creek view. I reccomend this option ;)Air conditioner works noisy, bathroom is so and so ... Rooms have no balconies, but windows can be opened.Breakfast was fantastic, with lot's of choises, fresh juices, proper coffee mashine where u can make espresso or capuccino, several hot dishes, like grilled tomatoes, different kinds of fried eggs.Didn't try the pool and other leisure facilities.	
Aug 23 2009 	Old Establishement but Great Location and Restaurants	I travel to Dubai frequently, have stayed in several hotels in Dubai, Sheraton Dubai Creek, is one of my favorite hotel to stay. Great location, close to business district and shopping malls, there are 3 good restaurants, the Indian restaurant is one of the best in town, great view, friendly and helpful staff. In overall, this is one of the best choice to stay in Dubai if you are on business trip. The only drawback is it's an old hotel, but it worth staying...	
Aug 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel and Great Location!	I did a lot of research before settling on the Sheraton Dubai Creek Hotel and Towers. We were very happy with our stay. It is just a short taxi ride from the airport. The rooms were beautifully decorated and there is a nice variety of restaurants in the hotel. We were going to swim one night but the extreme humidity outside made it a bit miserable so we passed on that. But the pool area is nice. The only complaint we had was they charged for WIFI...these days, come on...free WIFI is being given at the cheapest hotels around, I didn't understand it. Also, the bathroom door was designed to slam shut, you couldn't keep it open when you got ready, therefore you had to stand in a steamy bathroom...that isn't too bad of a complaint though, we jammed towels under the door to remedy this! It is located in a great area right on the Dubai Creek. We had a blast taking the water taxi (Abra) to the other side of the creek and exploring the area. The Abra is a short walk from the hotel. There is a non-airconditioned Abra for 1 dir or an air conditioned one for slightly more...take the A/C one if it's hot. On the other side of the creek is the Dubai Museum. Really great! And lots of shopping too. We were happy with our stay and paid under $90 a night booking directly from the hotel's website. I think it was a special summer deal! Great place to stay!	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent hotel	Beautiful hotel, friendly staff, central location. The room was spotless and the staff honored our wedding anniversary by sending to the room the most delicious cake &amp; upgraded us to a beautiful room. Creek view is a must. Nice pool. Quiet and a great place to relax and enjoy.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good stay at nice establishment.	My sister and I stayed here, for a couple of days shopping on a Dubai stop over. Lovely Hotel in a good central location. Nothing was too far away from here!The Hotel itself, is lovely and big. The room we stayed in, on the 6th floor, with a Creek view, was spacious and comfortable. We expected two single beds, but had two queen beds in the room. Nice large bathroom, toiletries supplied, hair dryer and ironing facilities in room. Good aircon. Great price found on internet, with buy two nights, get one free night, free room upgrade to Creek view and breakfast included, for $200 AU per night! Worked out well for us, because our late arrival in Dubai, meant we had to stay three nights.Staff very friendly, polite and helpful. Desert safari trip organised through reception, which all went smoothly. Smoking no longer permitted inside hotel, except for bar, which is open till late and balcony off breakfast area. Smoking also permitted out front of hotel and ashtrays are supplied!! Drinks in bar are pricey, but you don't have to buy a drink to smoke in there and the staff soon get used to you popping in, if you are a smoker:)Breakfast was fantastic and plenty to be had! What didn't they have there?! Chef makes eggs as you like them, so no rubbery eggs here. Wait staff very attentive. Didn't have dinner in Hotel, but Vivaldi restaurant looked good.Small gift shop off lobby, with reasonably priced, but limited souveniers. Lovely swimming pool and sun lounges.Taxis to most major shopping malls and souks, should cost around 15-30 dirhams. Taxi to airport, approx. 30 dirhams.	
Jun 14 2009 	Horrible rooms and poor service	This has to be the worst hotel in Dubai, the staff are surly and unhelpful we didn't even get help with our bags at the door, the receptionist continously scowled at us while arranging our keys. The rooms are dark and outdated, the bathrooms falling apart, the balcony was filthy and the 'view' was of the hotel roof. We called reception and asked if there was something else available, we were ignored twice and had to walk back to reception to speak to someone. We were offered another room again filthy balcony, outdated room, no view. We asked to cancel the booking and had to speak to the manager to arrange this. She promised that we would not be charged and apologised profusely. On returning home we have found that we have been charged and are waiting for the hotel to call back and resolve this.	
Jun 9 2009 	My favorite place	Very conveniently located-close to main city and shopping center, and also easy access to main link road to industrial city of Dubai ( Jebel ali ). The hotel staff behavior is extremely curtious and the food on their main floor restaurants is extremely delicious !from the back side windows one gets a romantic view of creek and can oversee Bur Dubai on the other side.I have been to this hotel more than 10 times and would love to visit them again !!	
Jun 8 2009 	Relax stay	We have been to Hotel sheraton dubai creek. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. We stayed on the club level with its own concierge and club lounge where 5 different food presentations are laid out each day, but breakfast was awesome.	
Jun 2 2009 	Way short of 5 star	We were picked up at the airport by the hotel and the driver was both pleasant and punctual. Once in the hotel the lobby is impressive but we had to wait for over quarter of an hour to be served at the reception with less than courteous staff. Despite it being 4.30 in the afternoon no room was available and we had to wait for one to become free. We had booked a towers room, the premium level of this hotel, so had expected better service and certainly not to have to wait till early evening to get a room. Eventually we were shown to the room which wasnt 5 star. It was dowdy, worn and felt very dated. The bathroom was small, dark and like something out of the 90's, the shower wasn't even separate from the bath so we had an awful shower curtain. The saving grace was the view over the creek, but the double doors to the step out balcony were locked and there was no key. I will say the room was clean but of 4 star standard at best. What a standard room looked like I dread to think.No turn down service was given, and the towers lounge stuck off the lobby had no windows and the food offerings were paltry. Be warned the coffee machine in your room, takes the special pods to make a drink - these are not complementary and are charged for at a hefty rate! When I checked out, the surly Indian receptionist was very blunt when I queried the extras on my bill I hadnt consumed. No help was offered with my luggage and I had to struggle down an escalator with my baggage, again is this what a 5 star hotel offers?The location was lovely on the creek and the staff in the restaurant and in the lobby cafe were courteous but for me this hotel fell way short of 5 star for both service and comfort. Never again there are better hotels to be had than this in Dubai.	
May 22 2009 	Sheraton Dubai	Our stay at the sheraton was nicer than we had hoped. The hotel is probably one of the oldest in the country, but nothing reflects it. The lobby area is quite lavish and the cafe on the ground floor is somewhere you can spend those hot afternoons for coffee. The rooms are quite nice and the view is excellent - Dubai creek and Bur Dubai. Despite being on the &quot;main road&quot; the hotel still can be used be vacationers and not only those visiting for business. Its extremely close to the creek, so easier to take those water taxis-abra to Bur and visit the Bastakiya. The staff is ok, nothing out of the ordinary, but we didnt interact too much to be able to give an opinion on them. Overall its a nice place to stay in dubai and we recommend bargaining with the hotel directly.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Location and Very Friendly	We booked this hotel for a special treat on my wifes birthday, we had a great time the lady on the desk gave us an upgraded creek view room and had a birthday cake sent to our room compliments of the hotel. The Chelsea english pub inside the hotel was very good, The outside of the hotel is not as stunning as many of the hotels in Dubai due to its age, but the inside is awesome. Great value hotel ,its worth requesting a creek view room as its so relaxing watching the illuminated boats go by at night.	
Apr 3 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed one night in the hotel - awesome. My room was big, and I took the 'special package', which included free access to the lounge (including wireless internet use), a creek view room, transport to the airport (in a Porche Cayenne, no less) and breakfast. Since my flight would leave early in the morning (before the breakfast lounge was open), I got to have breakfast in my room with no additional charge.The hotel boasts a couple of really good restaurants: the sushi I had in the Japanese restaurant is hands down the best I have had outside of Japan. The Indian restaurant was also extremely good - these restaurants merit a trip to this hotel even if you won't stay there. Unfortunately, I was not able to get a massage in the spa, since it was fully booked.The price tag is a little hefty, but I'd certainly recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Feb 6 2009 	Cool hotel in hot dubai	A faultless property to stay ay from beginning to end.Airport transfers run smooth (even when planes are delayed).Reception and porters are welcoming.Room maintenance and meals are exceptional.The staff really go out of there way to make you feel good.We stayed during Ramadan, which was ok, just had some slight inconveniences such as no meals available during the day in the city. Also the amazing pool was closed in the evening to observe celebrations.Other than that, there is a great english pub on site. If you like a few drinks you may consider stocking up at duty free though, the tax is enough to make anyone think twice.The Sheraton is clean, tidy, affordable, and close to the markets.What makes this place great is the staff who bend over backwards to make your stay enjoyable. Thanks to all service staff, management, and Mr Thomas for helping us celebrate our honeymoon.Dubai is a fascinating city for a short stay...or long stay if you like it hot.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great hotel on Dubai Creek	We spent 2 nights at this hotel over Christmas and enjoyed it thoroughly. Good location within walking distance of the Gold Souk and a short walk along the waterfront to the waterbus over to Dubai Museum and the old quarter. Taxis to the other main sights in Dubai (e.g. Dubai Mall, Mall of the Emirates) were inexpensive. We spent an hour in a traffic jam and the metre barely budged. Our two rooms were in the Tower and included an excellent breakfast buffet in the executive lounge on the main floor plus free drinks before dinner. We ate one night in the Italian restaurant and had good food and service for a reasonable price. We also ate in the English Pub on the main level but found the food of inferior quality and the drinks over-priced. A bottle of water was almost the same price as the beer.Rooms were large, clean and well appointed, and price very reasonable by Dubai standards. The hotel was quiet over the holidays and our rooms were upgraded to suites, with complimentary fruit basket and bottle of wine. Personnel throughout the hotel were efficient and courteous, especially the bellmen. Our rate also included pick up and drop off at the airport. We would definitely stay there on our next trip.	
Dec 10 2008 	$32/day for Internet!	I arrived for what was supposed to be a 3-night stay. Check in was easy with no wait, although the offset chairs at the check-in desks are a little awkward. I prefer an old-fashioned check-in desk. My travel companions were Starwood Gold using points for a free stay and they were upgraded to an upper-floor creek view. I am a normal level Starwood preferred guest and was not automatically upgraded, contrary to what other reviewers have said. I was given a first-floor room with a view over the front of the hotel. Nice room - good bathroom, great shower, comfy beds. However, the location was awful. I barely slept, with the noise of guests in the lobby, then what sounded like someone pounding rocks, then with the sound of vacuuming in the lobby for several hours - may have been normal cleaning, may have been special work? Anyway, stay away from first floor rooms overlooking the lobby if you want to sleep.My first morning I learned that I would have to fly home that evening due to a family emergency. The hotel was very accommodating and waived any fees for checking out early. They even gave me a complementary late checkout. I left luggage with the bellman for a few hours with no problems. Very easy to get cabs from the front. The internet, as others have noted, is ludicrously expensive. 120 AED a day, which is $32/day. There is no excuse for this - that's more than I pay for a month at home. Services in Dubai are expensive, but not that expensive - it costs the hotel nothing incrementally to have more guests logged on. Next time I am going to verify internet rates in advance and not stay anywhere that charges over $10-15/day. Gauging your customers on small things like internet (or mini-bar) is a good way not to get repeat business.So nice hotel - if they bring their internet charges back down to a reasonable level I would consider staying there again. And I would pay a little more for a creek view - anything but a 1st floor lobby-overlooking room would be better.	
Nov 26 2008 	Lovely Creek Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Sheraton Dubai Creek Hotel and Towers at the beginning of November. In summary the hotel stay was really nice and I would probably stay there again...We stay on the 9th floor in a Towers Room. In the room it tells you that the rate is 3200Dhs/night for a Towers Room and about Dhs850 for a normal room.The Towers room was massive, full size bed, LCD TV, DVD player, Hairdryer, Sofa and Armchair, Coffee machine (as part of minibar). The view out of the window was pretty amazing as well, as we had a room that overlooked the Creek.The bathroom is quite large, the shower is powerful, and the mirror is heated so it doesnt steam up!You also get access to the towers lounge, which is a large quite with a few sofas, single computer internet access, and a TV. Here you have access to complimentary coffee, tea and non-alcholic drinks. Canapes are served around tea time, and complimentary alcohol is served between 6.30-8pm.We got this at a discounted price, but I wouldn't have paid the full whack for it.Breakfast is served in the Towers Lounge (continental) or in the italian restaurant in the lobby (full range of items). The atmosphere downstairs is much better, and you have the option of seating on the terrace above the pool over looking the Creek.The Service of the staff is flawless. We had an early flight, and so the hotel had shifted our booking to pay for the extra early check, which I wasn't too happy about. However after a little bit of negotiating, we managed to have that waiived. (I was prepared to wait 5hrs in the lobby until the appropriate check in time).The person that stands out the most was the conceirge. He knew practically everything about where to go and what to do.Having a Towers reservation we were picked up from the airport in a Porsche Cayenne S... Quite a welcome to my first trip to Dubai.I didnt visit the gym, but the pool is nice, and was never too busy. Though some may find it small. The hotel interior is lovely, though I am told its is not as grand as some of the hotels further out of the city.The Lobby restaurant serves excellent food.The Abra crossings are about a 15min walk down the creek, and there is a stop for the air-con boat about 5mins walk away. There is also a Bank next door for cash withdrawals if you require.Location wise, the hotel is on the Deira side of the river, so is quick to travel to from the gold souk, though anywhere else on the otherside of the Creek requires the taxis to cross over one of the two bridges, which lengthens commutting time a fair bit.In a nutshell, really nice hotel, nice views, good location, awesome service!	
Nov 25 2008 	Not what it seems - smile politely then walk away	From before I arrived until the moment I left, this was a horror story, with one redeeming feature. let's get that out of the way right now - the room was fantastic; a Creek view in the Towers - if after reading all these reviews you decide to stay here, make sure you get Room 714!1. Starwood offer a Best Price Guarantee, though I beat the rate quoted by the Hotel by 37%. To prove the rate, I had to make the booking, which then involved a 15% (First Day) cancellation fee. Starwood offered to match the rate I had paid and then beat it by 10% - which would of course have still cost me 5% overall. I asked if this discounted rate or % could be commuted to a future reservation in the same hotel and was told that it couldn't. So, don't trust Starwood's promises then...2. Internet for 13 days was charged 3 times at AED700, which is what I pay for a year at home. That is the weekly rate - I was charged 3 times, but my stay was less that 2 weeks. Go figure! The internet connection is crushingly slow and the hotel are not interested in resolving it, even for AED2,100 (£400).3. My room rate included breakfast and when I arrived there was a letter in the room advising that this could be selected from the Room Service menu. For the first 4 days this was fine, then on the 5th the Room Service guy told me that the policy had changed and I would have to eat in the restaurant. Fine, but why leave it to me to find out? Couldn't they manage expectations a bit better?4. I confirm that a single Snickers or Choclolate bar costs AED32 (£6); so does a packet of chips, nuts, a can of Coke or a bottle of water. I expect Ice Cubes do too, but - as with all the other items - there is no price list and you only find out at checkout.5. 12 black &amp; white pages cost me AED95 (£18) to print out; forget either the in-house printMe service or emailing your document to the Business Centre - the internet connection is too slow and they deny ever receiving it. Get a memory stick and go down in person.6. Huge farce sending a single page fax to Hong Kong - ended up having to dial it myself and having an argument with the Business Center staff about the number. For this privilege - AED35 (£6.75)7. Don't expect any help with your bags after checkout; it's 50 metres to the door, and you will remember every one of them. Door staff surly and refuse to hail local cabs, only the retained limos. Traffic outside the hotel can be very congested.8. Massage and Spa centre agreed a surprise package and schedule for my girlfriend face-to-face with me, then when she turned up for her surprise she was told they were busy, kept waiting for an hour and then turned away and told to come back the next day. She didn't.9. I shouldn't complain about the complimentary fruit bowl, as it was free. I'll therefore just mention that the strawberries had mould on them, and I took them down to reception to prove it.10. Multiple local phone calls charged on my bill; very cheap, but I didn't actually make any local calls. Don't know what was going on there.Conclusion - rubbish and way too much top notch competition in the immediate area (Hilton, Radisson SAS etc) - and I will certainly never stay there again. Oddly, the far cheaper 4 star Four Points by Sheraton in Bur Dubai is much nicer, if apparently less splendid.	
Nov 18 2008 	not 5 star	Just returned from a 10 night stay at the Sheraton Dubai Creek and Towers hotel; having stayed in many starwood hotels my husband and I were very dissappointed with this one.Firstly we booked on the Starwood site and this stated that they only had creekside non smoking rooms available so we duly booked this; but being a starwood prefered guest we would have naturally been upgraded; however on arrival we find that the hotel is far from fully booked and if we had indeed booked a city side room we would have been upgraded to creekside anyway which of course there was availability at the hotel and we would have been paying a far better rate. Perhaps these loyalty schemes are noy what they appear?The staff at customer services were very surly; and should you need a snickers bar from the mini bar it was a mear 31 dirhams about £5 pounds , in the hotel shop 6 about £1 this is outrageous . Such inflation to go four floors up.The only good thing was the Friday Brunch . Will not go there again; it really was not up to a 5 Star rating...	
Nov 18 2008 	Service with a smile	Sheraton may be a bit away from the main action but it's a cozy place to stay. The concierge and the business center staff were very accommodating and pro-active. And, it's always great to see our Filipino compatriots there, as gracious as ever.	
Nov 6 2008 	Fantastic customer service	In June 2008 my wife and I selected the Sheraton Dubai Creek to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary. We booked through what we thought was a reputable website. Unfortunately, unbeknown to us the website cancelled our booking at the Sheraton and transferred it to a far inferior 2* hotel. Fortunately, the Sheraton reservations department alerted us to this and after about 6 weeks of hassle we were assured by the web comapny it had been sorted out. The day we travelled an alert member of the Sheraton reservations department e-mailed us to say the web company had cancelled our last night's stay. On our arrival at the Sheraton we were upgraded to a beautful room overlooking Dubai Creek. The receptionist and reservation staff spent 4 days trying to resolve our last night's stay with our travel agent. Thanks to the hard work and persistence of Miss Maleeha and Miss Honeylet they resolved our problem and made our stay a most memorable one. The hotel is a true 5* experience situated in a perfect location to discover Dubai. The breakfast was outstanding, you could eat outside on the luxurious terrace overlooking the Creek or inside. We had our last evening meal at the hotel's Ashiana restaurant voted the best Indian restaurant in Dubai by Time Out magazine. It was one of the best 'Indian's' I have ever had at a reasonable cost. The hotel management was attentive, without being overly intrusive, to ensure our stay was perfect. The celebration cake left in our room on the first night was a lovely surprise and tasted delicious. Thank you to all at the Sheraton and we would be very happy to recommend your hotel. P.S. I recommend a trip to Al Mamzar Beach Park...far better than Jumeirah Beach Park.	
Oct 28 2008 	Perfect to see the real Dubai	Like many others, I spent about 6 weeks agonising over different reviews and trying to work out what to do: stay in the city, stay at the beach, etc. I couldn't have been happier with my decision. The hotel was a good 5-star hotel standard that you'd expect from any major city. Top quality without the mega-luxury you'd pay three times for. If you want to lay in the sun all day and spend a tonne on room service (and do nothing much else), then stay at the big resorts near the beach. However you can lay in the sun anywhere (and in much cheaper resorts with better beaches!). I recommend staying at this hotel and then you're only a stroll from the creek (creek is an understatement), the souks, the musuem, the river cruises and the open top bus tours (5 mins away). Although don't expect everything at your immediate doorstep - I'm a happy walker and all the above was within a 5-20 minute walk. I went past the beach front resorts on the bus tour and they seemed to be out in the middle of nowhere - you'd have to get a cab to go anywhere. Not my idea of a cultural experience! But each to their own. I was disappointed with the shopping malls - they're just shopping malls! Go to the souks and museum instead. Also highly recommend making a dinner reservation at the italian restaurant in the hotel - just remember to ask for a table on the non-smoking balcony. The breakfast was brilliant. The english style pub was a little disappointing - better to get room service! The hotel was very accommodating with my early arrival time too - they let me sleep out on a sun lounge near the pool (which was also very nice btw) for a little while, and then I ended up getting checked in early by about 1030am. Even got upgraded to a club room on the corner which was awesome. I wouldn't stay anywhere else if I went back. PS - yes, it is worth it to pay extra for a creek view room.	
Oct 12 2008	Perfect!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights - and you really couldn't ask for more. Our room was on the 5th floor and was clean with a great view over the creek (make sure you request a creek view room). Traffic is crazy where ever you are in Dubai but we never had any problem getting a taxi - someone told us before we left that our hotel was far from the city but we found taxi's so cheap and didn't even notice an issue with distance - it was about 15mins from the mall of emirtaes. Breakfast was great - although my husband wasn't allowed in the breakfast restaurant with shorts on. Pool area was clean and we were the only people in the pool most of the time. Staff was very kind and friendly and a small tip goes a long way.I would stay again	
Oct 2 2008	The hotel with the best views in Dubia	We stayed at the Sheraton Dubai Creek Hotel &amp; Towers for 10 days this year in September. It was a wonderful experience. The bedroom was excellent, We had a room overlooking the Creek and the view was breath-taking - both day and night. This was the Dubia we had come to see. The history. The bedroom was cleaned to a very high standard each day. Slept very well and would have loved to have packed the mattress into my case and brought it home!The food excellent and the breakfast was an experience - wonderful buffet style - such variety, the staff were wonderful - nothing was too much trouble for them and they all seemed to be happy and confortable with working at the Sheraton. Happy staff make happy customers and this certainly was true for us. The pool is small but the standard of hygine is very high and the area around the pool is certainly a sun-trap.We felt at home if you know what I mean - it was a lovely experience and we will return to the Sheraton, we felt so relaxed while staying there. The hotel is placed in an ideal situation if you want to see the history in Dubia or shopping if that is what you like. We did both. This is the first time we have stayed in a Sheraton hotel and it will not be the last. Well done Sheraton - excellent value for money.	
Sep 26 2008 	Comfortable Beds Wonderful Food	Stayed here for two nights 4 &amp; 5 September on way from NZ to Rome.Arrived early morning so had to wait a little to check-in. Decided to have breakfast, and once finished we were told our room was ready.Lovely hotel - fabulous breakfasts - highly recommended. Had the best Bento Box in The Lobby Cafe and a great meal and drinks at the Chelsea Arms. Beds were wonderfully comfortable and the creek view was great. Only thing we didn't get was the &quot;fruit basket&quot; promised in the advertising ...A handy walk to catch a boat to do a creek cruise.No construction noise at all which was a relief. Not too far from airport.We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 25 2008 	wonderful hotel	this is a nice. Friendly staffs. Fantasy view.	
Jul 13 2008 	5 star luxury!	We loved this hotel. Upgraded to the Towers Lounge package which gave us unlimited access to tea and coffee/snacks during the day plus alcoholic drinks for 2 hours a day. Also free internet access. The location is fine, taxis are cheap and getting one from the hotel is no problem. The Creek was nice for a stroll in the evening. We ate in the Italian and Indian restaurant in the hotel, both of which were excellent.Breakfast was an amazing spread in a lovely room overlooking the Creek.Weather far too hot in July - Dubai is best enjoyed when it is cooler.Recommend this hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	Love to be here as always!!!	I always choose this hotel because of the location and most of all the staff, which I've known some of them in the last 15 yrs. Although there are lots of brand new hotels in Dubai, but I still considered this place as my second home...The Restaurants are great. I've tried all the Indian restaurant in Dubai but Ashiana is still my favorite...	
Jun 9 2008 	Good stay but there's better out there	Stayed for 3 nights during Oct 2007.Overall, the hotel is comfortable and clean. However, I was not blown away by any aspect of my stay. Check in was fast and our room had a great creek view.The location is perhaps not suited to most tourist's tastes. You will need to get a taxi to most places, however, they are not expensive. If I ever visit Dubai again (although probably not, as there's nothing much to see or do), I would probably opt for a hotel on the beach side. Breakfast at the Sheraton was ok. The selection was adequate and there is a very nice balcony to sit at.As I visited Dubai in the holy month of Ramadan, no food or drink was allowed to be consumed at the pool area, and eating places everywhere were screened off so as not to offend those following the traditions of Ramadan. some bars and restaurants were also closed in other hotels we visited during our trip. This is something to bear in mind if you are travelling at this time. In short, the Sheraton Creek side is an good hotel but nothing spectacular.	
May 30 2008 	Loved the Sheraton and Thomas!	I traveled with 3 other women last week, and stayed at the Sheraton Dubai Creek for 7 nights. I truly appreciated the kindness of everyone on staff, including Thomas, who as you can tell from his review responses, cares more about his hotel than any other manager I've ever seen. The rooms were lovely and clean, and the quality of the food in the hotel was not something I often see at hotels in the states. Our room was 107 and overlooked the creek, which had amazing views. I also loved all the gorgeous, unique flower arrangements around the hotel.I had 2 jet-lag massages while I was there, and they were wonderful and very well priced. For 80 minutes, it was about $90 which is a steal if you've priced other resort spas. The pool was wonderful, as the chairs are all padded lounge chairs and there's plenty of shaded areas to sit. The hotel also arranged for our Arabian Adventures tour, which was a real treat. We never had a problem getting a taxi, which are very inexpensive. The Sheraton is a short drive from just about every destination you'd wish to visit, but really you don't have to leave the hotel if you don't feel like it, as there are Italian, Indian, and Japanese restaurants, not to mention the pub, a pastry bar, and a mid-day mini-gourmet buffet in the lobby.I want to go back already! Thank you, Thomas for such a wonderful stay.	
May 26 2008 	With all the choice in Dubai of Hotels I would pass by this place	The location is a little poor with not much around the hotel, other then the creek. I found the staff very rude for this quality of a hotel. Room was clean. Pool area was okay.Overall I would rate it as a 4 star place based on location, room decor and services. but I will avoid this place in the future.	
May 12 2008 	Great hotel	This was my second trip to Dubai (what a great place!!) and my first stay with the Sheraton Dubai Creek.Firstly, don't be put off by the location of the hotel. Being in the city has many advantages, and regardless, taxis are plentiful and cheap (by Australian standards). Make sure that you book a room in the Tower section of the hotel, and pay (or beg) for a room that overlooks the Dubai creek. This is definitely worthwhile. The Sheraton Dubai Creek is a very comfortable 5 star hotel. It is not the newest hotel in Dubai but the rooms are clean, a reasonable size, and well maintained. We stayed for 6 nights and were always greeted by staff at the hotel by our names, and nothing was too much trouble. Hotel dining expenses are exactly what you would expect to pay for this class of hotel.The biggest decision facing somebody contemplating Dubai is whether to stay at the beach, or in the city. This decision can only be based on what you want from your holiday!! Jumeirah Beach is great, although somewhat isolated, but again, taxis are plentiful. Regardless, I think that Dubai now represents a genuine holiday destination, and is no longer merely a &quot;stop-over&quot;. We had 7 great days, being a combination of activities and relaxation, and could have stayed longer. Must do's are : Wild Wadi; Desert Safari; Gold Souk; Mall of the Emirates; Dubai creek dinner cruise.Many comment about the ongoing building, and traffic, in Dubai. Yes, many areas are disrupted by building, but this is not &quot;intrusive&quot; to the point of annoyance. Indeed, you are witnessing the birth of a totally modern city that will be one of the world's great travel destinations. Secondly, traffic is heavy (particularly during rush hour) but if you avoid travelling in those peak times, the delays are minimal (common sense!). Ladies, your dress should be &quot;conservative&quot;. Bikinis are fine at the beach/hotel pool, but not appreciated elsewhere. Longer dresses (about knee length) or jeans, and covered shoulders are the norm in shopping malls and on the street. The only disappointment was the Dubai Zoo. It was not to the 1st class level I expected of this outstanding city. In fact, I thought it was a bit sad.Nevertheless, Dubai offers a fantastic variety of activities, only limited by your time, and your wallet. Dubai, and the Sheraton Dubai Creek Hotel, are strongly recommended. Personally, I can't wait until &quot;Dubai World&quot; begins to open its' doors from 2010.	
May 8 2008 	good location but nothing else	Before coming to stay at this hotel we had spent 5 nights at the royal meridien in jumeriah beach..it was a fantastic 5 star...coming to this hotel afterwards was a very big let down. Sheraton Dubai Creek good location but that is it. They gave us room 1101 WHICH NEEDS TO BE AVOIDED. For a 5 star hotel I thought it was a very big let down. The rooms are dated, and room 1101 I found was dirty, dated, had stains on the sofa, curtains and carpet, the balcony was dirty and for a no smoking floor the corridor wreaked of smoke. Very big dissappointment. Fantastic views of the creek but I would not bother with a Towers Room which I though was a complete waste. Ok you get a airport transfer, but that's about it. You get complimentary drinks all day which is good but they lounge is so small that you are practically sitting next to strangers, complimentary breakfast is a waste of time limited choice and continental - small selection. I would have prefered to save on the room rate and eat in the Vivaldi resturant for breakfast. Indian resturant was very nice. you get complimentary internet access but that is also a waste because there is only one computer so you have to hang about. Service was just ok.....not fast and they charge 5 dirhams each time you order room service. I have stayed at many 5* hotels and this has got to be the worst - room really spoilt our holiday especially when I paid £620.003 nights !! I will not be staying here again. It is a good location on the creek...so if that is going to be enough for you go for it..but otherwise I would go somewhere else.	
May 8 2008 	Lovely time at the Sheraton Dubai Creek 	My husband, 15 year old daughter and I stayed for 7 nights at the Sheraton Dubai Creek &amp; Towers from 7th April - 14th April. We were booked into a Towers Room via our Starwood Preferred Guests points. After a delayed flight we were greeted and picked up at the airport without any problems at all. Check in was fast and effecient (12o'clock in the evening), and the receptionist was friendly, polite and helpful. We were booked into a Towers City side room, but I asked if we could be moved to a Creek side room. We were told this wouldn't be possible right now but the following day they would move us no problem, which they and was great.The Towers room gave us free breakfast and use the the Towers Lounge throughout the day. We found that wherever we went in the hotel, everyone was curtious, friendly and polite and nothing was too much trouble. We were very impressed.The Concierge was great and arranged for us to have a private driver on our first full day for a tour around Dubai to get our bearings. This worked out cheaper for us than going on a tour with the Big Bus, plus we had the comfort of being in a car and jumping in and out as we like. It was great. :-).Dubai was a wonderful city and being located by the Creek was perfect for us, taxis were reasonably priced and easy to get. In six days we managed to have a tour of the city, visit Wild Wadi, the Snow Dome and Shopping, a day at the Beach, an excursion to the desert (which was amazing and an absolute MUST do), shopping at the gold and spice souk, chilling around the pool and generally having a lovely time.We would all definately recommend vising Dubai and staying at the Sheraton Dubai Creek and Towers hotel, there is something for everyone of all ages..	
May 4 2008 	looking out over the creek	We were very lucky - arriving 6 am and electing to pay the extra half day, we were upgraded to a top floor creek-view room. Magic. Airconditioning a bit inflexible but everything else faultless. Enjoyed high tea &amp; English bar, too.	
Apr 27 2008 	Simply the best!!!	We booked via thru expedia and all I can say is that we had a wonderful experience at this hotel. Having a good location and beautiful view of the creek, all the staff performs an excellent service. Thank you.	
Apr 21 2008 	Fantastic hotel nice place boot expensive city	B4 booking to go to dubai, understand this u can not do Dubai on a budget at all, unless u are T total, love mc donalds,and love water parks we spent ££££ more than expected,lovely place but very expensive 4 the normal things u enjoy on holls.E.g Beer is between £5.00-£9.00 a pintfor 3 orange juices and 3 sandwiches it was over £30.00im not tight or poor but geess to me ridiculous, when u can buy 200 cigarettes for £6.00 or a taxi for an hour for less than £12The hotel was wonderful- we stayed room onlyit was exceptionally cleanexcellent choice of tv chanelsfree morning news paperinternet connection if requiredExceptional gym, and shower areas,Pool ok wasnt the biggest pool, but was nice to have a quick dipMy partner had a massage and said it was wonderful and very reasonably pricedthere are 3 resturants, a cake counter that sells the most beautiful looking cakesWe ate in the Indian restaurant and it was beautiful, the wine is very expensive here, i think about £30 quid for cheapest bottleThe chelsea arms pub, is great just like being at home lovely bar food, free nuts all night, but again the beer is expensive although they do have happy hours.couldnt fault the hotel at all, infact i am looking to go away again and would love it to be 1 of the shereton chain i was that impressed there	
Apr 17 2008 	Wonderful Service	From the moment I was picked up from the airport to the time I left Dubai I was treated to excellent hospitality from the staff of the Sheraton Dubai Creek and the locals (all spoke good english). I had a city creek view room and it was well worth it watching the dhow boats and other traffic go up and down Dubai Creek at all hours and a view of the city, Burj Dubai - the tallest building in the world(still under construction as well as most of Dubai) and other towers in the distance. The pool area wasn't too busy during the day so getting a seat was no problem. The gym was adequate as were the steam room and sauna in the change rooms.A good thing to note, staying at the Sheraton Dubai Creek means you can also use the facilities of the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach for a small fee of 75 dhs. A free shuttle bus takes you there from the hotel at 10.00 and returns from the Jumeirah Sheraton at 16.30. You can use all their facilities, beach, pool, gym and add bills to your own hotel room back at Dubai Creek. This is a cheaper alternative than staying there.The location of the hotel was good for getting around and picking up taxis. They are very cheap and ask for a local taxis as the hotel ones have meters too but they are more expensive and unlike local taxis, the fare goes up while you are waiting. So if you are stuck in traffic moving nowhere, the meter keeps going up.Food wise, there wasn't much around the hotel. However, the hotel has some good restuarants including Vivaldi (Italian) and a Japanese restuarant which is supposedly one of the best in Dubai. Not far, about 5 mins walk away is the Hilton Dubai Creek that has a Gordon Ramsay restaurant worth checking out. Also, you have the Deira City Centre, a shopping centre, just a short taxi ride (10 dhs) from the hotel with a large foodcourt and restaurants at very reasonable prices but don't plan on getting a taxi very quickly back to the hotel. Waits can be from 1 - 2 hours after 4pm.One night, my partner and I went to a restaurant at the Burj Al Arab which gave us entry into the 7* hotel. The skyview bar and the restaurant in the balIroom have views from the 27th floor while the others are near the ground floors. I would highly recommend this experience, wonderful views and service giving you an insight of how the very wealthy dine. To make sure you get a table I would book before you arrive as several of the restaurants were booked out for the whole month of April.The hotel location is also good for the big bus tour (175 dhs) as there is a stop (Stop 7) about 500m from the hotel towards the gold souk before the Radisson SAS. This gives you a good chance to see Dubai, their beaches and shopping malls as it stops at quite a few including the Mall of Emirates and Deira City Centre.The gold souk is a wonderful opportunity to test your haggling skills and also get you out of the heat into air conditioned comfort. Prices on items are just a guide. Remember the prices are heavily inflated and its a bit of fun to see how low you can get them. Aim for about 35 - 40% off the original price and if you don't get your price, don't worry, there are many more shops around and if they really want the sale they will chase you back to the store. Also, if you want to get any goods, electronics etc, don't get it from the airport as you will find the prices cheaper at the local shopping centres.A great excursion in the afternoon is a Desert Safari which includes 4x4 driving over sand dunes, camel and quad bike riding, bbq dinner at a Bedouin camp and a belly dancing performance. Prices can be from 150 - 375 dhs per person. The cheaper ones you get a bus out to the site while the more expensive ones pick you up and return you to the hotel in your own 4x4 or even a Hummer. The food is great, plentiful, the drive over the sand dunes is like a roller coaster. A great way to spend an evening.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton Dubai Creek and Dubai and the great deal I got from DubaiResorts.com made the stay well worth it. I would recommend this hotel to all groups, family, business persons, honeymooners etc.	
Mar 12 2008 	Loved this Hotel	This hotel is wonderful. We booked independently and were meet at the airport quite late at night. Very clean and comfortable, the staff were very helpful and polite, and the food excellent. Makes a good base for exploring Dubai and would have no hesitation in recommending it to young and old alike.	
Jan 23 2008	An oasis of calm	Just over a wall from the bustling dhow wharfage of Dubai Creek, the Sheraton is an oasis of calm. We stayed there at the end of our trip to Oman and Dubai and it was perfectly relaxing. I can't recommend a Towers Creek View room enough, the extra cost is well worth it - you can slide open the glass doors and take in the sights and sounds of the river and watch the sun set over the skyscrapers in the distance. The room was all I expected of 5-star luxury, with lots of little extras to make our stay really special. The staff were all very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The riverside location is also excellent, with the souqs, abra boat stops etc within easy walking distance.	
Dec 9 2007 	A relaxing holiday at the creek	We just spent four nights at the sheraton creek hotel. since this was our first trip to dubai, we were hoping staying near the creek was a good idea, as so many people suggest the beach resorts. The staff was very helpful and pleasant.i I am a starwoods member but unfortunately was not upgraded. we had a city view room but we were not disappointed as i enjoyed checking out the traffic before i went downstairs everyday! we were offered a fruit plate to our room everyday free of charge. there was a coffee/tea service that was also free, but had a 5dhs ( 1 euro) delivery fee billed to the room.we were very happy with the location, as it allowed us to stroll at night along the dock, and also take the dhows or water taxi over to the &quot;old&quot; part, dubai museum, heritage village and textile souks. our return trip to the airport on a friday night at 10.30 pm took about 10 minutes and cost 3 euros (15dhs)!!as mentioned, watching the water traffic was especially entertaining during dinner and breakfast on the covered terrace.the breakfast buffet was very well presented and tasty. there is a chef making eggs and the staff is very attentive throughout the entire hotel. The menu prices were some of the most reasonable of the MANY restaurants we tried. The quality was excellent. Reserve the terrace in advance as outside dining fills up quickly. However, the view from most tables inside is also good.we were allowed to use the health club and pool while waiting for our room, and also the last evening, as our return flight left at 1.30 a.m., we had a steam bath and shower before our long flight home.The area around the sheraton is totally built up so we experienced no construction noise whatsoever.The National Bank of Dubai is next door with a drive through ATM you can use anytime, which is convenient. The building next to that is a government building which has a public cafeteria that makes the most delicious fruit drinks/dishes.The most important thing is to organize your outings in a logical sequence, since, no matter where you are staying, you do not want to be criss- crossing with the horrendous traffic you find on most roads and especially at certain times of day.Golfers wanting to play Dubai Creek Golf Club will be happy with the short ride (5 minutes). This club also has SEVERAL fabulous restaurants. we thouroughly enjoyed our stay here, although it is not a jaw-droppng experience like you find up at the top beach resorts, but we didn´t feel spending more than double or triple what we were paying here was worth the difference for the type of vacation we are used to taking.	
Oct 31 2007	A very good place to stay	Last Summer we went to Dubai and stayed in Sheraton Dubai Creek and Towers.We had a great view at the Creekbecause we upgraded the room to a Tower Room and it was excellent.Especially the Tower lounge,where they served nice food and had happy hour every day. With delicious Chardonnay.The pool was not that big, but big enough because there were not a lot of people in it.The staff was very friendly and helpfull.The location was also great.There is a shuttle-service which takes you to Sheraton Jumeirah and to the airport.When we go back to Dubai, we will stay in this hotel again.Lia SlappendelHolland	
Oct 28 2007	Good value (for Dubai)	In a city of exceptionally expensive hotels, the Sheraton Dubai Creek Hotel &amp; Towers offers decent value for five star accommodation.The hotel room was clean and comfortable. A room with a view of the Creek, towards the new city is very pleasant. The hotel facilities (gym and pool) were of a high standard.Hotel food was excellent.The service was excellent in parts (front desk, restaurants, concierge) and shocking in others (&quot;Towers&quot; lounge).The hotel location is mixed - it really depends what you want to do. If you're a tourist, it's OK but expect to give yourself an hour to get to Mall of the Emirates, Burj Al Arab, Madinat, Jumeirah Beach Hotel etc. If you're on business, the location is a bit of a pain - give yourself a good 30 minutes to get to Jumeirah Emirates Towers or DIFC.It's a good location for the airport (15 minutes), the Gold Souk, and Burj Dubai. It's pretty easy to get a taxi, and the folks at the hotel are more than happy to provide you with detailed directions if you want to catch a boat somewhere (at the rear of the hotel). A few other points about this hotel:1. I noticed that the hotel website makes a distinction between standard rooms and &quot;towers&quot; rooms. I was always under the impression that a &quot;towers&quot; room was something special. However, when I arrived at the hotel I discovered that almost all rooms are &quot;towers&quot; rooms. A bit of marketing puffery, I think!2. The hotel tries to sting you real bad for trying to check-in early - watch out! In my case, they did allow me to check out at 3PM, and store my luggage, and use the health club to shower before taking a late flight.3. If you do check-out, dont try to go into the &quot;towers&quot; lounge, they attempt to charge you for having a drink and a piece of fruit.4. The hotel booking process was very annoying - five emails to get a &quot;towers&quot; room with two beds and early check-in!Overall, I think the hotel offers good value but I would try somewhere else next time.	
Oct 11 2007 	Loved this hotel loved Dubai	Arrived in UAE on 03/10/07, our flight landed early in the morning and we were transferred from the hotel by our ground handlers.We arrived at the Sheraton Dubai Creek hotel and we were immediately impressed by the hotel and the staff, we arrived at 8am and were told that our room would not be ready till 3pm which is the check in time for this hotel, although we were tired and longing for a hot shower we were offered refreshments in the hotel restaurant and a chnce to freshen up in the hotels spa.At 13:30 we were told our room was now available and it was definately worth the wait, the rooms are huge and well furnished, it was also spotlessly clean and welcoming. We had a city view which is a standard room but this did not bother us at all, noise from the city was minimal and did not disturb us at all.The staff in the hotel are always helpful and polite, the hotel concierge was fantastic and very knowledgable.The food within the hotel was superb and the ambience of the Chelsea Arms bar was fantastic.In summary this hotel is an excellent place to stay within Dubai and I would highly recommend it to other travellers.	
Oct 4 2007 	great hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights on our first visit to Dubai.The hotel was very flash and luxurious and the staff were all so helpful and polite it made our stay perfect.We ate at one of the hotel restaurants,the food and service were great and it was reasonably priced.We would definately stay there again if we go back to Dubai.	
Oct 1 2007 	Lovely hotel but location not so good	Stayed in a Towers Room for 4 nights last week. Hotel is great and the rooms are very spacious. The hotel is only 10 mins from the airport and the taxi cost us about 40 Dhirams.However, if I went back to Dubai I would not stay here again because of the hotel's location. I would stay in the Jumeriah area. Jumeriah beach and hotels, Burj al Arab, Mall of the Emirates, Ibn Battutta mall are all far and it takes 30 mins in a taxi. We did this taxi ride in traffic everyday. The traffic in Dubai is really bad.The hotel is convenient for the gold souk, the creek, City Centre Mall and airport. The only problem I had was the location. Well just a small point - no team and coffee making facilities in the towers rooms. You can order comp tea and coffee but there is a 5 dh charge. The Chelsea Arms pub shows English premiership football.	
Sep 6 2007 	Good place to stay in Dubai	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel. It exceeded my expectations of the idea I had after reading another oppinions. Good location, you may take a taxi but if you want, you can go walking to the abra station and the old city (souqs, museums...).Great breakfast, good meals at Arms Bar and nice beverages at lobby bar. About the room, we were upgraded to the executive floor, so our room was huge, confortable and well equiped. Not creek view on the other hand.	
Aug 30 2007 	Very good service	Service as you'll only find it in Dubai! Professional, helpful, with a personal touch. This hotel also has some very good restaurants. The breakfast buffet is more than one could ask for, everything about this place functions to perfection. Stylish lobby, great room, centrally located. Well recommended.	
Aug 5 2007 	Best View of Dubai Creek	Stayed here for our last two nights in Dubai, August 1-3, 2007. Booked a good rate on the Internet (615AED) and upgraded (+200AED) at check-in because we really wanted a Creek view. The upgrade included access to the executive lounge serving non-stop beverages, continental breakfast, tea treats and themed happy hour appetizers with cocktails. There’s a computer with free internet access, had to wait my turn a few times.We arrived a little early and escorted to the lounge for the 30-minute wait for our room. Room 815 has a floor to ceiling view of the Creek looking toward the inlet side. The king-size bed has ample pillows, good quality sheets and night tables on both sides. We turned the little couch and chair to face the windows and watched the boat action on the creek for hours in the comfort of the air conditioned room. The bath room is average size, mostly marble (except the tub) and well appointed with many amenities and soft white towels. There’s an iron/iron board, two bathrobes, slippers, and a safe in the closet. The nightly turn-down service with delicate pastries is a nice touch. The breakfast buffet in the Vivaldi Restaurant is very large with regional and western style food. The fresh fruit is plentiful. Each morning there was a wait for the non-smoking tables. They need to catch on that most people don’t want to ruin their meals by breathing secondhand smoke…and make the smokers go outside! Otherwise, the service was good considering how busy. We had a meal in the English Pub. The food was good but took a long time (about 30-minutes) to arrive, perhaps because it was late afternoon.The concierges were not very knowledgeable about a side-trip to the Hatta Mountains. We were looking for recommendations of what to see and how to get there. They told us the only thing they could do is to arrange a car through the hotel’s service, which was very expensive. We found a taxi for a better price.One of the biggest draws of Dubai is the service. The Sheraton is doing a good job but has not quite reached the level of other hotels we visited. I recommend the hotel for its excellent view of the interesting action on the Creek.	
Jun 24 2007	A Most Pleasant Stay	We stayed at the Sheraton Creek for just one night whilst on route to Perth . After reading previous reviews I tried to cancel and change hotels but would have been charged anyway by our travel agent so we decided to stay albeit reluctantly. I have to say we were really pleased although it was only for one day and night. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. We arrived at 08:30 expecting a long wait for our room but by 11:00 we had a fantastic Creekside room with King sized bed and found the reception staff more than willing to settle us in early and offered us a shower and rest in the health club whilst we waited. We eat in hotel's pub for lunch and the Italian for evening meal and both were good. Didn't make the breakfast due to an early flight departure. I never doubt other reviews but we'd defintely stay again and couldn't fault the staff or room.	
Jun 21 2007	Brilliant Hotel	We stayed here for 7 nights. What a lovely hotel. Beautiful room and very, very clean. Staff couldn't do enough for us. 3 restaurants in hotel, Japenese, Indian and Italian - an 'English' themed pub and a cafe in the lobby.Gorgeous views of the Creek from our room. Short taxi-ride to shopping centre/gold souk etc.Would definitely stay here again and highly recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jun 20 2007	Excellant Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for a week in early June 2007. We had a classic room overlooking the creek which was magnificant . The room was spacious, extremely clean and comfortable with a King bed. Each evening there was a turn down service. The breakfast was extremely good value for money with fresh fruit juices ( not the constituted rubbish so often served) and a good variety of choices. The restuarant ( as was the whole hotel) extremely clean and well presented. The staff were very friendly and extremely proffessional. The hotel has a very well set out gym with clean modern equipment. The pool is small but refreshing. The hotel is positioned well for the Gold Souks and various shopping malls. All up this is an excellant property to stay at for any period of time. We shall certainly be return customers and recommend this hotel to anyone wanting an extremely comfortable holiday.	
May 7 2007 	Would stay there in future	We visited Dubai for the first time and am glad we stayed at the Sheraton. So many people have an opinion on Dubai and some friends were saying we must stay on the beach, others said we must stay in the city. I have to say, whilst the building work continues in Dubai, stay clear of any hotels south of the Burj. To say its a work in progress is the biggest under statement! We visited the Sheraton Beach for the day and were so relieved to be away from the noise and dust- yak.The breakfast at the sheraton is very good, you could opt for anything. The staff were mostly friendly.There are a few restaurants in the hotel and the Creekside Japanese restaurant was just fab. The sushi on sushi night never ending and such good value. The Tepanyaki chef was a real entertainer and agin the food was reasonably priced.also worth a mention is the cake cafe, the cakes/desserts were wonderful.I personally would not rush back to Dubai until they have sorted all the building works, but the Sheraton Creek is worth a visit.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great location	I recently escorted a tennis group to Dubai for the Dubai Tennis Championships and was pleasantly surprised by the staff at the Dubai Sheraton Creek. I have to admit that I was somewhat hesitant about booking 8 rooms given some of the reviews that I read, but I was very happy by the overall total service in the hotel, the variety of food in the restaurants(especially the buffet breakfast), the attention to my clients that was extended by the staff, the location of the hotel and cleanliness of the rooms. As a Starwood member, I was upgraded to a Creek view which made my stay even more pleasant especially waking up to the spectacular view. I realized that our early arrival was not conducive to an early check in, but the staff tried their hardest to accommodate our group and most of us were able to check in by 12:00 pm. Though the hotel is an older property(recently refurbished), it suited our group perfectly as we were only a 5 minute taxi ride from the tenins stadium at the Aviation Club and only minutes by cab from the Gold Souk. It really is the only property right on the Creek so our clients were able to stroll along the Creek front in the evening. Since our group needed to be close to the tennis venue, a stay at the beach or even on Sheikh Zayed road would have been out of the question given the traffic problems in Dubai. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good Hotel In Good Location	Booked a seven night stay at this hotel with Last Minute.Com. The original booking was for a standard double room but we were upgraded to a creekside room on arrival. Check -in,despite being at two in the morning , was friendly and efficient. The room was of a good standard with the exception of two problems 1. The bathroom sink was more or less blocked but when reported a plumber arrived within minutes and sorted the problem. 2. The in-room safe did not appear to be functioning properly and despite being reported was never repaired. To be fair I never pursued the matter. The room had a superb view over the creek and it was a real pleasure just to watch the busy day to day life on and alongside the creek.We found the staff to be friendly and in general very helpful. Taxis were readily available day and night from the front door. We ate in the Italian restaurant in the hotel and found the food of good quality and not overly priced (Tried to get into the Indian Restaurant but were unable to do so as they were busy and we had not made a reservation). Breakfast was available up to 11am and the fare was varied and plentyful. (I was reprimanded for turning up the first morning wearing shorts - seemingly shorts should be below the knee!)The hotel is well sited for walking the city where there is plenty to see and do ranging from watching the Dhows coming and going to wandering the Gold Souk.Not sure if the five star rating is merited - more a good four star hotel in my opinion. Having said that,felt it was a very good hotel and good value for money.	
Feb 27 2007 	Terrible location and a disgusting filthy hotel	Avoid this hotel at all costs!!! I have just noticed my review of last week was removed - probably because it was so bad! Anyway, i thought i would give it another go and make it tamer!...This hotel was full of ladies that worked only at night (if you get my drift!) I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy (actually on 2nd thoughts!) ha ha!Seriously though- AVOIID.Feel free to contact me for more info.Sam.	
Feb 14 2007 	Terrible staff - miserable hotel experience	what a miserable exeperience we had the other day...for a 5 star hotel, the way you are treated is with complete indifference with no sense of care and attention. After being refused a taxi at the entrance (as we weren't staying there but friends were) I asked to speak to the duty manager and was treated with utter contempt -.....how this place can call itself a luxury hotel is beyond me...normally Dubai is very good for service but this place somehow manages to be the worst example I have come across in the 3 years I have been in the city...avoid it if you can !	
Jan 12 2007	Great Hotel	I was been in this hotel on the beginning of january .Once i arrived at the airport I found a Cayenne that picked me up to carry me at the hotel , arrived there I had a quickly check-in .As i saw the room i was surprised on how big it was and about the wonderfull view we had on the creek Next morning we had our first breakfast at the hotel and let me to tell you it was really nice , a lot of pretty recipes accompanied with a delightfull service .During the day great selection for snack on afternoon and aperitiv on the evening , all of this was free for a Tower room . We also tried the japanese buffet that offered a lot of beautiful recipe and really warm service for a cheap price , I never found that kind of quality neither at a half of price .Swimming pool is small but cute and in five days i had so much things to do and view that i hadn't the chance to try it .Every day i could appreciate breakfast , afternoon snack and aperitiv but only the last day i had a little time for the gym where i only went to the sauna To resume my overview of the hotel i only have to say that it was a wonderfull experience for me and my wife and I surely recomend it to my friend	
Jan 7 2007 	No 5 star jewel	Stayed at the Sheraton Dubai Creek for one week over new years together with my girlfriend. I was recommended this hotel by a friend because of its location and decided to try it out. I booked a Towers room in order to get the best possible room as well as access to the towers lounge.As an SPG Gold member I could have taken a chance on being upgraded but since we were staying there a week I did not want to take the chance with an upgrade so I booked towers level. Thought it would be nice to relax in the lounge and have a place to wind down and relax outside the room. Upon arrival we were met at the airport by hotel staff. This was included in the hotel price and the transportation was with a nice Porsche Cayenne, Cool! When we checked in we were given a towers room as booked. Upon entering the elevators I was surprised to see that out of 10 floors on this hotel 5 were towers floor, 2 were SPG floors and 1 was a &quot;standard floor&quot; this was really a little bit disappointing. Towers are supposed to be a little bit special and give you some extra perks. Unfortunately the room was not very nice. Great view over the creek, Plasma TV and small sitting group but carpets and wallpaper felt really dated, big stains on the sofa and it felt a little dirty. Every evening we got some small chocolates or fruits in our room and this was very nice.The bathroom was very small and felt cramped and there was only one sink. Towels were small and bathrobes were of a really cheap quality. Bed was not the nice &quot;sweet sleeper beds&quot; I am used to at other Starwood properties and this was really missed. We stayed at the Sheraton in Moscow both before and after so we really noticed the difference. The towers lounge was a catastrophe, located at the lobby level it was extremely small, the size of a normal hotel room with no windows and 4 sofa sitting groups. From 1830-2030 there were free alcoholic drinks and snacks, but because of the size of the room and the number of towers guests, it felt like you were standing in line at summer camp waiting to get your wine ration. We usual tried to stop by and have a glass of wine, but almost felt like we had to chug it down and move on to let someone else have a seat. You usually had to share sitting groups with someone else. It is by far the worst towers or executive lounge I have ever been too. Our rate also included full breakfast buffet. On the upside they served breakfast until 11 am and this was great since we were on holiday. The breakfast room was however always packed and we usually had to wait 10 minutes just to get a table. Selection was Ok, Nothing more. Of the hotels other facilities, the pool was ok, rather small but nice. Hotel staff were in general nice, but did not really make you feel especially welcome, they were there to do a job and that’s it. The concierge did not work at all. Most of the time he was not there, and the few times we asked for something we got no help at all. We tried to book massage appointment through the concierge and twice they messed it up. It seemed they were mostly interested in selling excursions rather than helping and advising the guests. This review might seem overly negative but for being a 5 star property in Dubai charging 400USD Pr night + I must say we were very disappointed. It was more charter style hotel than anything else.	
Jan 3 2007 	Good hotel but beware	After booking a 3 day stopover in a Dubai 4 star hotel, travel agent came back with an unsolicited irrestible offer from Sheraton. I accepted the Sheraton offer and paid in advance. On arrival at hotel, Sheraton declined the agents voucher and demanded rack rate for 3 days. After a lot of argument Sheraton agreed to something less, but more than was covered for by the travel agent's voucher. Stay coincided with Ramadan. Was not surprised to find there were constraints about eating &amp; drinking in public view. Did not like early closure of swimming pool in order for staff to prepare pool area for evening banquets. One gained the impression that Sheraton was motivated by commercial advantage rather than taking proper account of religious sensibilities.In all other respects the hotel was satisfactory &amp; staff were helpful.	
Nov 29 2006 	Perfectly fine	We stayed here for two nights just on a stop over after week long holiday in Africa. Having read the reviews we really didn’t know what to expect but overall the hotel was fine. We arrived at 0800 and, as expected, were told check-in time was 1500 but to come back at 1300. We were not even offered the room early for a price but were told we could use the facilities of the heath club and pool while we waited. We had breakfast in The Lobby cafe before taking a taxi to the Mall of the Emirates to kill some time. We arrived back at the hotel about 1330 and were given our room straight away. We had booked a classic city view room and were upgraded to a creek view “executive” mini suite which was a nice surprise. The views of the creek were amazing, especially at night. Breakfast in the Vivaldi restaurant was also amazing. Everything you could possibly imagine and the first morning were lucky enough to get an outside terrace table (overlooking the creek). We had dinner the second night in the Vivaldi restaurant and it was fabulous. Again we had a terrace table. The food was wonderful and very reasonable priced. We had two seafood starters, two pasta main courses, two desserts, two soft drinks and a glass of wine all for the equivilant of GBP 55. You would pay that in the UK for a mediocre Italian meal for two where as this was truly something special. Our view on the hotel staff members was that they were “courteous” but not “friendly”. Maybe this is down to the fact it is a predominantly business hotel. We would probably return if the price was right and would recommend the hotel to friends who wanted to stay by the creek.	
Nov 6 2006 	A scam and a very unfriendly one at that . . .	No thanks to the staff at Sheraton Dubai Creek for one of the worst experiences I've had at a hotel anywhere. In stark contrast to the warm and welcoming service I've received elsewhere in Dubai, the staff here were generally unfriendly, unhelpful, and unwilling to do much to improve their guest's experience. I've stayed in enough hotels to know when a place is being well-run - there is an atmosphere of exuberance and friendliness that percolates throughout the staff. At Sheraton Dubai Creek, the opposite seems to be occuring. The employees are surly and, it seems, discontented. They may help you because that's what they're getting paid to do, but just don't expect them to do it with a smile on their face.The facilities are, for a five-star hotel in Dubai, nothing to write home about. The pool is small and unimaginative and the rooms are merely mediocre for the cost involved and the alternate options in the city. Even if you pay the extra money to get a creek-side room, the view is unlikely to be much given the low rise of the hotel. If you decide not to fork over more money to get a room on the river, you are stuck with an uninspiring view of a major highway. And, unless you're in the mood for shopping for electronics, there's really not much of interest near this hotel. Most of the action has now shifted to far down the other side of the creek and getting there is a long taxi ride away. It is relatively close to their airport, but so are a number of other much better hotels.Even more irritating is that notwithstanding their exorbitant room rates, the Sheraton Dubai Creek seems to have a policy of ripping off their customers at every given opportunity. Any amenities you want it - be it internet access, a room with a view of the river, or even such an elementary thing as breakfast - are going to cost you an exorbitant amount of extra dosh, irregardless of the hundreds of dollars you handed over to them for the pleasure of enjoying their company in the first place. I arrived at the hotel at 10am very tired after a long journey, but this didn't matter much to the reception staff; They refused to give me a room until the 3pm check-in time unless I forked over the half day rate. They eventually agreed to let me use their business center in the meantime, but only after I pointed out that I didn't really think this was the way a five-star hotel should be treating its guests. Sheraton Dubai Creek may also have the dubious distinction of having the most ridiculously priced minibar in the world, but you'll only find this out after you get your bill as they neglect (perhaps deliberately) to put a price list ANYWHERE in your room.When you inevitably get upset for the various scams employed by this outfit, you are met with cold indifference, even accusations of nefarious conduct on your part. I was even threatened when I complained within earshot of other guests. All in all, it was a horrible experience and a striking contrast to the lovely and much less expensive experience I have had at a variety of other hotels in the Emirate. In fact, I'd probably rather sleep on the streets than stay at the Sheraton Dubai Creek again. Accordingly, I'd encourage others seeking accomodation in Dubai to exercise their choice among the many other fine hotels rather than patronize this elaborate scam and risk bearing an invidious experience akin to mine.	
Aug 24 2006 	Fabulous hotel	This hotel is absolutely fabulous and is in a great location. The room was brilliant: very comfortable and spacious and had all the amenities necessary.The staff were brilliant and always happy to help with anything. The hotel had some amazing restaurants and the buffet breakfast in the Vivaldi restaurant was great. They had so many varieties of food - something for everyone and a huge variety of fresh juices were also available. The chefs would cook you anything you wanted and the service was impeccable.Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to go there for business or just to relax. All the staff were absolutely brilliant.	
Aug 13 2006	Good Hotel	I got a deal where I had to pay for 4 nights while I stayed for 6 nights. Therefore I booked a suite in Towers Wing. The best thing was that the breakfast was served in the room at no extra cost, which is quite helpful when you are staying with little kids. However, this facility is only for guests in Tower Wing. Room was good with fantastic view. Overall, the hotel turned out to be better than my expectation especially in view of the price.	
Jul 30 2006	Great Hotel Great location but.........	Hi ThereI have spent the last week from the 22nd July to the 29th July staying at the Sheraton Creek in Dubai with my partner and 15 year old daughter. As I have stayed here last year for a week I was very keen to go back with my daughter. As before the accommodation was great, the restaurants were great the room staff were great. The reception staff are a bit cold and disinterested. When we arrived into our room there was a letter informing me that the pool was closed for the week for my stay. I booked this room in May and I feel I should have been informed of this. There was another Hotels swimming pool available up the road but it was not the same. Breakfast was a bit pricy 20.00 Euro per person. The internet charges 12.00 Euro an hour. In the city you can get it for 1.00 Euro per hour. We had a great time and maybe your reception staff and get a few hints from the staff at the pool for the 1 day we were allowed to visit it. Sandra	
Jul 26 2006 	Business minded but fine for tourists	I stayed at Dubai Creek for a week at the start of May '06 with my partner. The hotel itself is a grand place with a large pillared reception area with lots of lounge seating and a business centre.The check-in staff and the waitresses in the lounge areas were all very good, efficient, courteous and professional. There was a delay of around 2 hours upon our arrival at the hotel while the rooms were being prepared (we arrived at around 9am) but we were made to feel at home with complimentary coffee in the lounge area while our luggage was whisked away out of sight. On getting our room it was a good size and comfortable with good views from the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was a reasonable size and again was comfortably appointed. The layout and decor of the rooms screams &quot;business&quot; all the way, certainly not luxurious but nice all the same. The huge sliding door windows can be opened if you ask the concierge to unlock them for you, you do have to agree to not leave them open though (apparently some cataclysmic event will beset the hotel if the doors are open for more than 2 hours!).While at the hotel we sampled the food at both the Indian and Italian restaurants, both were very good and reasonably priced. Beware though that if you buy alcohol in the restaurants it is at a HUGE premium, for example a bottle of moet which would cost around £26 GBP from your local off license sells at around £100 GBP from the restaurant. The drinks are fairly reasonable in the hotel bar, expect to pay London prices on beer and spirits.The breakfast was very good and reasonably priced if you get a room/breakfast package, not so reasonable if you buy the breakfast seperately. The terrace at the back of the Italian restaurant is marvellous and provides spectacular evening dining with views over the creek.The gym and pool area were both very well presented, clean and well supervised, there is a shallow shaded paddling pool for small children and a volleyball court for the more energetic traveller.The hotel itself is fairly well situated and you can easily get to Jumeira and Deira. Deira is a walkable distance (if you don't mind a little heat) but taxis are by far the best way of travelling around and are remarkably cheap too. Driving in Dubai is like somekind of extreme sport and is best avoided unless you really need the stress. Abras or water taxis are a great way to get around and see the city too. I did a lot of walking around the city after dark and felt entirely safe the whole time. There is a small outdoor restaurant on the waterfront if you walk along the river towards Deira that sells Arabesque cuisine until the early hours. On the walk back to the hotel you will probably see many people sleeping rough in the park which is indicative of the extremes of wealth present in Dubai but there is a very low crime level and there was none of the aggressive begging and harrassment that I've experienced in Egypt. Deira is indeed the place to hone your bartering skills with the potential to make huge savings on gemstones and potentially gold depending on the current gold prices. If you know a little about gemstones you can make some easy deductions of the price displayed, my general rule was to only ever pay a third of the original price. At least 50% of the time this price was achievable with some perseverance and on the other occasions you'll pay only slightly more.A visit to the malls is almost inevitable but don't expect to pay any less than you would at home, Mall of Emirates is particularly large and has an indoor ski slope which is quite a surreal sight indeed. A trip into the desert is on most peoples itinerary too and this is easily arranged and reasonably cheap. All in all Dubai is an interesting, diverse and rapidly expanding place. The Sheraton Dubai Creek is a comfortable and good base from which to enjoy the guaranteed sunshine and surrounding activities. If I do go back to Dubai I'll definitely consider the Dubai Creek again.	
Jun 11 2006	An Excellent hotel for business or leisure	We've just returned from 2 separate stays totalling 5 nights at the Sheraton Dubai Creek. We had booked Towers rooms for both stays and were upgraded on arrival both times to larger views with a creek view. Both rooms were excellent with plenty of space and lots of eminities provided. The new flat screen TVs were a nice touch too.What made the hotel excellent though were the staff. Despite the hotel being predominently business traveller based, the staff treated us leisure travellers with exactly the same respect, courtesy and quality of welcome as they did for their business guests. (Something which their sister hotel at Jumeirah Beach could do with learning.)Facilities at the hotel were great too, with a nice pool, spa and fitness centre, plus a good choice of restaurants. If we return to Dubai, The Sheraton Creek will be our hotel of choice in the city.	
May 30 2006	absolute 100% rip off	From the time I checked in which was 3am they tried to do nothing but rip me off. Quote me one rate and charge another. Charge for mini bar I did not touch, charged me for INternet not used.Indian Restaurant was most definitely the worst I hasve eaten at anywhere in the world.Internet for 24 hours is the most expensive anywhere in the world so beware. Hourly is even worse.Rooms are OK but nothing fantastic. TV channel selection is hopeless. I can recite the news backwards.Going to Dubai- give this overpriced overrated over starred hotel a WIDE berth	
May 3 2006	Amazing Views and Great Location	We stayed at the Sheraton in August 2005 for our Honeymoon for 4 nights. This was not long enough!We had a Creek view with amazing views and would definately reecommend upgrading to one of these rooms.We chose a room away from the beach purposly, so that we could visit the city easily. There is a shuttle service to the sister Sheraton on the beach however, which is also well worth a visit.The hotel has a range of restaurants from Indian to Italian. The Indian was especially good. There is evening entertainment with a singer and pianist, but nothing to get excited over. The Creek diner is well worth a try though, a romantic trip along the Creek at night with buffet and belly dancer.The hotel staff are efficient and cater for your needs, even if they do it without the most enthuiasum.Rooms have floor to ceiling glass looking out to the Creek, air conditioning which works and is definately needed as you can feel the heat if you stand next to the window. There are slippers, tv, video, hi fi, fridge, king size bed, desk, sofa - everything you need whilst taking a break from the heat.The entrance/lobby of the hotel along with the the Creek views are what stands out from our stay in the Sheraton Dubai Creek.We would definately recommend it and will be going back this year!!	
Apr 26 2006	Fabulous hotel in a great location	We arrived at The Sheraton Dubai Creek at 3.00.a.m. very tired but excited for our first visit to Dubai. Our first impressions of the hotel were that it was absolutely stunning - the foyer was enormous and once up the escalators, we were transported into a world of luxury and opulence. The reception area was welcoming and inviting - we were offered iced orange juice whilst the receptionist took down our details: this obviously impressed us too!As we were celebrating our wedding anniversary we were even more delighted to find a huge chocolate cake bearing 'Congratulations' awaiting us in our room. We didn't have a Creek view room, but still our room was lovely and spacious, with everything we needed.Breakfasts were to die for - we have never seen a choice like it, in all the hotels we have stayed in, and we spent at least one hour over this, sitting outside on the terrace, overlooking the Creek. Bliss!The hotel's location suited us down to the ground - we purposely did not choose a beach resort because we wanted to see the hub of the city - and we were able to walk to the souks along the hustle and bustle of the creekside, watching the men loading and unloading their cargoes onto the old wooden dhows.Recommended sights to see - Big Bus Tour which takes you absolutely everywhere, desert safari in the white knuckle 4x4 Toyota Landcruisers, complete with camel ride and belly dancer, relaxing by the hotel pool (small but beautifully kept and clean), evening dinner cruise on the Creek.We had a fantastic time in Dubai, made all the better for our stay at The Sheraton Dubai Creek - we cannot recommend it more highly.	
Apr 18 2006	Not for tourists!	We stayed in the Sheraton at Dubai Creek for 3 nights in January.We arrived in the early hours of the morning (5am)and the hotel wanted to charge us a whole extra nights fee to go into the room early (a disgrace we felt) after 6am they offered to let us have the room for half price (probably to move us and our suitcases out of the lobby.) but again we refused, we had already paid enough! It was until our rep turned up at 10.30 that they actually allowed us into the room. As we had been traveling for over 24hours we were by this time very sleepy! So this all in all ruined our first day.The decor is very out of date and the staff do not fall over themselves to help you. The room was well sized and comfortable with big floor to celling windows although the bathroom was a little small in comparisson to the room.The pool area is nice with a good sized pool and area around the egde. Breakfast is worth the extra cost though. Plenty to choose from with eggs and omlettes cooked to order. Dubai itself is very plesant and I would go back but not to the Shereton at Dubai Creek.	
Apr 1 2006	In Sheraton We Trust	I spent 5 days in Dubai with my family, from 2nd March to 7th March.The hotel itself is clean, and the staff were polite and courteous. We had Creek view rooms, and the views were excellent.Will I come back to the hotel? Yes.	
Mar 27 2006 	The very worst hotel we have ever stayed in.	We stayed in Dubai for two weeks. While we totally enjoyed all the other hotels we stayed at, our two nights at the Sheraton were horrible. The staff was rude and incompetent. We were supposed to receive some business information, both delivered to the hotel and by fax. In both cases, the information did not arrive. We were forced to track it down ourselves. As for assistance on where to go or what to do, the bell captain was very helpful while the front desk staff could not care less. The price is expensive, the rooms are small, the amenties are few (and expensive) and the staff would rather you not be there. All in all we would never stay here again.	
Mar 14 2006	not worth it	I stayed here alone for 1 nt I found this hotel very overpriced I have never had a hotel charge me for a late 6pm check out! its £15.The pool is very nice and the gym but not good value for money .	
Feb 22 2006	Win - Lose management team	We have TRUSTED the Name SHERATON for long time.How could they do this to us?The Sheraton dubai Creek have force me to stay for one more night at the hotel instead of spending it with my kids and family or PAY for one more night.and the rate for one night is more than 400$ (1550DRHAMS).i tried to call the management of the hotel and they just dont carethe hotel manager antoni is the worst hotel manager i have ever seen.	
Feb 11 2006 	Good Hotel Great Staff	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here for business. I though the facilities were excellent, and all the staff were extremely friendly. It is also in a convenient location. Extremely efficient and a great hotel. I woudl say better than the average Sheraton	
Jan 17 2006	Another typical Sheraton		
Jan 13 2006	Not quite a 5 Star Experience but pretty close		
Nov 23 2005	Sorry won't go back...		
Nov 11 2005	Impressive Hotel		
Nov 10 2005	Nice but very noisey		
Oct 29 2005	Yes it is very good.		
Oct 16 2005	good hotel and location		
Aug 18 2005	Staff rude charge 200% for the room for check ins before 1500 hours.		
Feb 15 2005	Generally Bad		
Oct 29 2004	Top Drawer		
Nov 13 2009 	Un buen hotel		
Nov 11 2009 	Tolles Hotel		
Oct 19 2009 	Dubai		
Aug 2 2009 	??????????		
Apr 27 2009 	Hotel lussuoso ma non per Dubai		
Feb 23 2009 	?????		
Dec 26 2008 	?????		
Nov 2 2008 	Fünf Sterne zum fairen Preis		
Oct 9 2008	Bon hotel pour voyage d'affaire		
Sep 11 2008 	soggiorno breve a Dubai		
Sep 2 2008 	??????????		
Jul 13 2008 	Tres bon hotel		
May 4 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Apr 29 2008	bellissima esperienza!		
Jan 9 2007 	Hotel eccellente		
