Oct 9 2009 	Fab accommodation good value for money recommended if you know your way around Dubai	Oaks Liwa Heights is definite value for money in terms of room space and comfort. It is in a middle of construction site for now but I foresse that in the next 3 years, perhaps this location (JLT) will have more to offer to visitors. When the Dubai Marina Metro Station opens, this hotel is a great base which will offer a safe and short walk distance to the Metro. It is also a very short taxi ride away from the very fashionable, trendy and interesting combination of shops and accommodations at The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence. As for now, it remains quiet and good for peeople who know their way around Dubai.If you are arriving in Dubai via Emirates Airlines. The best and cheapest way to ge to hotel is take the Metro (from terminal 3 only; dedicated to Emirates Airlines). It will cost you 4.5 Dirhams (about $1.30) and 2 Dirhams to buy your Visitor's Metro card which is re-chargeable. At the moment, you can only get off at Mall of the Emirates and then from there take a taxi to Oaks Liwa Height in Jumeirah Lakes Towers. This is a large area of many buildings and is heavily under construction, hence, some taxis do not know wehre it is. Tell them it is in fornt of Damas (gold factory). It costs about 20 Dirhams (less than $7) from Mall of Emirates to the hotel. If you can't be bothered, taxi from airport to the hotel will cost about 100 Dirhams (about $27) in good traffic. Soon, the hotel can be serviced by Dubai Marina Metro. It is a short walk from the soon to open Metro stop.Places of interests close by are Dubai marina (The Walk), a splendid, Mediterranean styled shops and accommodations by Juneirah beach. It took me 2 1/2 hours to walk the whole strtech from beginning to end including my stops at interesting shops and lunch. Weekend (Fri &amp; Sat) features an outdoor market from 9am to 9 pm. Many interesting finds from here. You can also bring some folding chairs and park yourself along the beach which is situated between the hotels. The best stretch is just after teh Hilton Hotel. Choices of Restaurants- unlimited! Another day, go malling and visit Dubai Marina Mall- nice cosy and quiet-ish. This si literally across Sheikh Zayed from the hotel but you'd need a taxi to take you there. Not far ar Ibn Battuta and Mall of the Emirates. I sugegst to explore the city via Metro and make Mall of the Emirates station your springboard. It is cheaper to travle this way and will give you a good perspective of the city. The hotel only has a coffee shop and Restaurant open for breakfast and lunch. Make sure you buy provisions if you tend to get peckish at night. The rooms have well equipped spacious kitchen and housekeeping will do the washing up for you the following morning. If you have the time, try their gym; a proper one with all modern and working equipments. The pool is indoors and good for family. There is also a covered kiddie's pool. However, you wlll be overlooked by construction wokers in building all around you so think Modesty!Taxi can be ordered by reception, however, they tend to forget (not that there are many guests requeting for them to remember, ha.ha). I suggest going down the hotel ramp entry and flag a taxi from there. Should not take more than 5 minutes. Order taxi only if you are going out very late at night as the road are has not many street lights and could be unsafe in darkness ( in term of motor accident, I feel).Night trips are very good at Madinat Jumeirah by the Abra Lagoon. Try Dubai Marina, particularly Meridien Mina Seyahi's Bartista. Dubai is an amazing transforming city by the minute. My next stop is to explore Old Town.	
Aug 19 2009 	Are you serious?!	Stayed in the place for 1month and I must say I have never met so many incompetent hotelier. Staff doesnt speak proper English. You can only speak basic English and pray to Allah that they got it right!Peopl kept on entering the apartment and doing &quot;maintenance works&quot; (or hell knows what) whenever I left the place.My clothes went missing, my food got eaten from the fridge and no matter how many maintenance work they do the place stinks, household machines kept on breaking down, windows so dirty I can not even see clearly... the contstruction that is 24/7 around the building. The noise of generators and workers around at 2-3AM is unbearable.I havent had 1 good night sleep... and I am missing my things! :(Oh yeah...swimming pool has unidentifiable floating things on top and way too cold!Hotel assosciation should close this place or remark it 2star.	
Aug 12 2009 	Away from home a great place to be	Stayed in a Two Bedroom over the weekend with my husband and 2 kids overlooking patrially finished lake on the side and the Montgomery golf course. Amazing view from the 22nd floor. The size of the apartments are just WOW. Rarely you get a walk-in shower and a full bath. The beds are so comfy you dont feel like getting out of it. Kids just loved the pool and refused to come out. Great gym, could do my routine treadmill. Husband had a round of squash which is unusual in an apartment building. Staff very caring and helpful. Coffe shop....space for improvement is there. Kid's loved the burger and the nuggets. The Jumeirah Walk is at a short driving distance and we loved the atmosphere there so had dinner in one of the restaurants. Construction is all over in Dubai but the apartments were just so quite. Surely its a Quality hotel at affordable price. Request for higher floor so you can get good view and less noise for sensitive sleepers.	
Aug 11 2009 	five-star experience in a standard hotel apartment	stayed in oaks liwa (standard apartment) for about one week when i had a business conference with my clients in GCC areas. such a nice time.i was too tired from the trip and shortly after checking in, i ordered a coffee. the hotel doesn't have a room service yet, but the server came to the apartment and placed my order. when the order came, the server asked me where i would like the coffee to be placed, and told him to put in the table only. he asked about my tv channel preference, turned the channel on and placed the remote control right next to me. he opened the curtains for me to see the nice view of dubai marina. he used my name to call me and asked if there was anything further he could do to assist.had forgotten to bring stockings and had to buy outside, so i asked the reception if there is any place nearby where i could buy. the receptionist took the details of the color and kind of stockings i want, and said that she’d be happy to take care of it. minutes later, someone was knocking at my door. it was the bellboy with the stockings for me to use! by the way, the bellboy also used my name and inquired about further assistance also.keep in mind that these were the coffee shop server, the receptionist and the bellboy. they are not the highest paid employees, but their actions created a 5-star experience.i would personally recommend this hotel not only to my friends, but to all whose gonna read this review! truly this is a place called home away from home.	
Feb 28 2009 	room for improvement..	We stayed here on a great introductory rate of 500 durums a night so we were expecting a few teething problems but we thought that this would be better than spending a fortune on a room we would be doing very little except sleeping in and prefer to be in something new than old and run down... and we find it handy to just have cereal and coffee in our room in the mornings while checking the internet rather than have to go out so having a kitchen is very convenient. The foyer and apartment rooms are quite satisfactory and serve their purpose - nothing particularly super glamorous or fabulous about them.. typical style and standard of this type of accom it was quite comfortable and we slept well.. although be aware construction goes until midnight and starts at 6am (and they do quieter things like concreting through the night..) Be aware also the 'lakes' are not filled yet they are just big concrete holes right now..We did have a few issues .. Firstly you have to switch on the hot water in the bathroom before you can have a shower or a bath.. this takes over 40 mins to heat up! - very inconvenient if you want to have a bath or shower after a long flight and your business associate is coming to pick you up in 1/2 an hour! - the porter had neglected to tell us this when we were shown to our room and I only found out about the switch by ringing down to reception about the hot water.. wasn't a good start for me as I was exhausted after flying overnight for 11 hours and being taken straight out all day .. so looking forward to a hot bath before dinner - I had a cold shower instead : ( But by far the worst occurrence of our stay was the next day when our business associate was tied up in a meeting and asked us to take a taxi to his office... well we went down to reception and asked them to ring us a meter taxi - they informed us that a meter taxi would take a very long time to come and asked would we like to take their hotel taxi.. well we gave them the full address of where we were going and the lady disappeared for over 15 mins - I eventually asked someone else what had happened to her and he went and fetched her - she said it would cost 30 durums to take us to where we wanted to go so we agreed... (it was about 10 durums more than what it would be in a meter cab.. ) anyway we went out to the 'taxi' which was a (not very clean) station wagon - and we drove off in what I was pretty sure was the wrong direction about 3 blocks away to some subdivision! Obviously he was lost so after driving around a bit aimlessly we got him to ring the office of where we were going.. well then he told us that it would be 100 durums to go to our destination ! I said that was a ridiculous amount to pay for what should be an 8 - 10 min journey! anyway he rang the woman at the hotel and I spoke to her and I suggested that I pay 50 durums as I didn't think it fair that I should have to pay such a higher price than agreed since the mistake was on their part certainly not mine! I after all wanted a meter cab! Anyhow the driver had absolutely no idea where he was going even when given directions and managed to drive 1/2 way across Dubai in the wrong direction - very frustrating and made us incredibly late for our appointment with someone who was just about to catch a plane so we ended up having a 10 - 15 minute meeting in the end!! Anyway the office is in an area under development that hasn't really opened fully yet so we needed him to wait for us.. we thought we would make amends with him at this point by giving him another fare (we hadn't realized what a jerk he was at this point!) anyway we have our 10 - 15 minute meeting then go back and get into the cab.. we asked how much it would be to be dropped off at one of the malls - 100 durums he said - how about ANYWHERE 100 durums he said - well how ridiculous - 100 durums would basically get you to Abu Dhabi in a regular meter cab! So we said to him just drop us at the closest place for 50 durums - he refused and stopped on the middle of the highway in the desert and tried to make us get out of the taxi!!! I have never been treated in such a way in my whole life!! and we are hotel guests!! he told me at this point that it was his second day at the job and that he wasn't from Dubai so didn't know where anything was!! Anyway he had to go back to the hotel anyway so I told him I wanted to speak to his boss - he rang him on my phone and he agreed to take us back to the hotel (which took 8 minutes from the office to the hotel BTW!) There I spoke to the manager.. I was incredibly upset about the whole thing.. fancy trying to leave guests in the middle of the desert! And what kind of logic is it to have a hotel taxi driver who doesn't know Dubai driving around visitors to Dubai who probably don't know it either!!! doh!! We then asked for the hotel to ring us a meter taxi - it took ooh about 6- 10 minutes to come..(so it was just a story about having to wait..) the taxi driver told us that the security would not let him come to the entrance - the poor guy had to park on the street and walk up to the hotel!! - well he took us to the old town (to the spice and gold Souks which is right on the other side of Dubai for 40 durums! We found the meter taxis to be excellent in Dubai and very good value.. just a few tips if you are staying here - most will know the Jumeirah Lakes Towers but wont know the Oaks as it is new.. just tell them to go to the gold factory which is just across the rd - most knew this place and just a little further along the rd to the right is the Oaks.. I might stay here again if it was the cheap price I paid but I think it is definitely not worth it for the rack rates they are advertising these days.. personally I preferred the old town where I stayed on my return from NY (Dubai was a work stop over) it isnt really handy to anything.. the other side of the Rd is an interesting area but it is almost impossible to get across! - this might change when the skytrain is up and running later this year as I think they are putting walkways over the rds also..	
