Mar 19 2009 	I m have really good experince	I stayed in Ramee Guestline Apartment 2 in Feb 2009 and was realy satified in such low rate the service is really good and the rooms were very clean the good thing is that one bed room apartment is more then sufficient for single person things were clean and in good shape	
Apr 11 2008	Good and bad	Overall our experience was OK. The two bedroom apartment we had was pretty clean, but everything needed updated. Leaks in the plumbing, washing machine did not work. Electrical problems. TV remotes were missing the backs. The windows were filthy. Very difficult to get a cab. When the hotel called a cab for you, you were over charged quite a bit. I was charged for an extra day, even though I had called three days prior to cancel the first day. Most of the staff were nice and helpful. Location of the hotel is in a bad part of Dubai, but the price was very good compared to other more modern parts of Dubai. Music late at night from the hotel bar was loud and could be heard in the rooms. Personally, I would not stay there again, but if you don't mind an older hotel with a lousy restaurant, I would say give it a try.	
Apr 28 2007 	To be avoided at all costs	We stayed here last week, last stop after Australia. It was overall a very negative experience, our lst room was surrounded by building sites, noise overwhelming so we asked to be changed. Our next room was next to the mosque so we were awoken at an unearthly hour! The rooms were spacious but not clean, the hood of the cooker badly burnt, only one cup! no complimentary tea or coffee or course. All the rooms had a musty smell. The staff were variable, certainly not much of a welcome. The 'complimentary' airport pickup had to be paid for. The bedding smelt of smoke, probably our worst hotel stay. This was more expensive than Ramee Hotel Aptments, which weren't much good either but a slight improvement. This is a very mediochre chain, and just not worth it, much better to pay a bit more.	
Apr 3 2007 	A better hotel would have been worth every Dirham!	I counted a total of two staff people on arrival at 8pm. The receptionist and the Bellman. The AC wasn't working in the first room we were assigned to... it took too long for a maintenance person to show-up, so we packed our bags and were ready to leave before they moved our room. After we requested toilet paper, the Bellman came with an un boxed, unwrapped bunch of facial tissue. Imagine the joy! Apparently, housekeeping was gone for the night and noone could get into the supplies. The following evening, the wait for toilet paper turned from a promise of five minutes to a 45 minute wait. The beds are worn beyond use... but they're still there. The bathrooms had a stench coming from the drainage pipes in the floor. After the first night, went upstairs to the top floor to check out the breakfast.... you'll find that the breakfast room is a room off to the side of the GYM! You have to go into the gym to have breakfast. The whole deal didn't seem sanitary, so we passed on the breakfast offerings during our stay. The Ramee Group is a pretty large, &quot;middle market&quot; chain, and I've stayed at an Ramee in Bahrain (minus the negative experience), but clearly, the qulaity of the property and service is not consistent and is lacking heavily at the Guestline Apartments II in Dubai.	
Mar 28 2007 	Okay if you need the space	We were in Dubai for 3 nights and have 2 children, both under the age of two. The Ramee II was good in that it has a seperate master bedroom and a large living/kitchen area. So with children, it was good to have the space.I have to agree with other reviews, however, that the Ramee II is not worth returning to. The rooms were not very clean and we too had the construction site right outside our window. Sometimes they worked until 11PM! It was only the fact that the jackhammers drowned out the sound of our screaming children that I didn't mind. The reception staff was friendly, but overall not helpful. We paid an extra $25/night for each child which was a disgrace since they didn't even provide extra linen for the children. (I'm debating this with Expedia at the moment.) Plus, we were told that it would be 'no problem' to have 2 port-a-cots (cribs) for the children and when we arrived there was one, very unsafe, wooden bassinet. Either of my children would have easily injured themselves had we used it. Without an alternative, the children slept with us. So it was no holiday.We booked this hotel at a 'sale' price through Expedia. I would NEVER pay full price for a room in this hotel and would consider it to be about 3-3.5 star, not 4.	
Feb 27 2007 	Horrible Terrible and Horrible again	Having had the great misfortune to book this hotel for 2 weeks in January 2007 i feel it is my duty to warn anyone else to try every other hotel before booking here. I could normaly look past the large but filthy rooms, some of the unfriendliest reception staff i have ever experienced and the fact that the place was not cleaned in all my time there.. But the fact that they never warned me that we would be woken up at 6:30 EVERY MORNING by the sound of hammers, drills and cranes from the building site next door was just sneaky..Even when i politely asked to be transfered to one of many spare rooms they had, facing away from the noise at least ,my request was not so politely refused. To sum up: pay $120 + for this place only if everywhere else in Dubai was closed...otherwise try one of the other Cleaner hotels around Bur Dubai	
Jan 29 2007	Very nice	Great rooms with 2 bathrooms and a citchen with all the basic appliances. Very clean and I would reccomend having the balcony rooms. The pool is small and only to cool off in the hottest time´s. If you are going to be traveling around the location is great. The breakfast is basic but served in a very small room next to the Gym, we always took it downstairs on a tray. The desk was helpful and no hassle. Would reccomend to people who are looking for a good hotel that is not expensive.	
