Nov 18 2009 	Budget hotel - you get what you pay for!	This hotel is in Bur Dubai which is not a tourist area. The rooms are big and although generally clean the furniture is old and there were fingerprints around the light switches. My room had a massive king size bed and two air conditioning units. There was also a sofa with coffee table and a television which lots of channels. The bathroom was big but again with old style fittings. The nightclub downstairs can be a bit noisy. This hotel is a good choice for budget travellers on short stays.	
Nov 12 2009 	It was awful. Don't choose this hotel.	Room was noisy, uncomfortable and dirty.Personel was unfelpful and really not friendly.There was a bar on the 1st floor with prostitutes. A lot of prostitutes in hotel at day and at night. There was no bus to the beach. Meal was untasty.Do not recommend espessially for girls which travell without spouse.Choose another hotel	
Sep 23 2009 	Best bet for the money	It is centrally located 10 min from the airport and Burj Tower. Rooms are very clean and big. Breakfast is good. Probably it is best bet for the money. Shops and Supermarket are just in next buildings. We had booked through GTA and it cost us AED 250 per day. They are good in arranging nice desert safari at very competitive price. Only drawback is very costly Internet and no Wi-Fi in rooms. Though they have pub at ground floor, the noise is well controlled. We did not hear any noise even in the corridor.	
Jun 5 2009 	"Very nice staff."	I stayed on two different ocassions for two nights each in May. Nice price with very helpful and courteous staff. The price is affordable and rooms are nice. The Jockey Pub was very cozy and atmospheric. Lots of working girls but I was able to comfortably drink a few beers without being harrassed any more than I wanted to be. The draft beer was poured in a bigger than normal glass and was only 14 dirhams. Security was tight as ladies were not allowed to approach you in the lobby or out front. If a lady was escorted upstairs by a guest an ID was left at the front desk. Mall was close by and Taxi's were abundent. Staff was excellent and helpful. I will definately stay only there as I go through Dubai every 3 months or so.	
Apr 14 2009	I wouldn't recommend	I stayed there in April 2008. I wouldn't recommend it to be honest.The hotel is situated in an ok place to be fair, plenty of shops nearby, including shopping centres, supermarkets etc. Also situated on a main road too.I dont think there was any internet available when I was there, the breakfast wasnt nice and the restaurant stank.There are 2 bars/clubs based in the hotel. One being an indian club and the other being a bar. They are open to anyone, so anyone not even staying at the hotel is allowed in the hotel restaurant in the evening and the bars. The bars are full of prostitutes and they also wait literally outside the front door of the hotel waiting for people.The rooms - the beds were very uncomfortable I couldnt get a good nights sleep, the air conditionig was awful, couldnt sleep because of that too. There is no swimming pool, gym or any facilities at the hotel.There is parking for the hotel, but its small and I think anyone uses it because its free. Buts its always full, so then you have to go around and look for somewhere to park or park nearby and therefore pay.I wouldnt recommend it to anyone, there are plenty of better hotels you go to and better value for money!	
Mar 23 2009 	You get what you pay for	An interesting place. For the price paid (100Dhs for a night including room service) what more could one expect? The room was basic, but clean although the air conditioning was a bit clanky (although I didn't hear any pigeons...) but the noise from the Jockey bar downstairs was very loud. The bathroom although clean was not up to much as the hot water was either off or unavailable and there was no plug for the bath so it was a choice of shower or shower! The bed was comfortable and importantly the sheets were fresh.The Jockey Bar has, I believe, been unfairly slated in reviews on this site. Yes, there are certain ladies of ill-repute ( a varied selection at that :) ) that frequent the bar, but they will not approach you unless you make indications to them that you are &quot;looking for business&quot;. The beer is good and it is a good old fashiooned smokey pub that can be enjoyed without getting any hassle.On the whole I thoroughly enjoyed it!	
Aug 8 2008	A good budget hotel in Dubai..	I stayed seven nights at the Panorama Bur Dubai. Compared to other budget hotels either in Bur Dubai or Deira, i found this one being the nicest. The location is fine since you are close to Malls and not far from the Beach Community ( Jumeirah, Umm Suqeim ).The rooms are acceptable and the staff will clean everyday and change the towels and sheets. The room air conditioning can be noisy, however and since i always sleep with ear plugs i could sleep well. The beds are confortable.If i have an advise to give you, when booking either on the phone or through the internet, ask for a top floor room ( there is six floors in the Panorama Bur Dubai ), you will still hear the loud music from the Jockey's Club, but less than if you would stay on the first three floors ( actually i can barely imagine how people could stay a single night on the lower floors...).The staff is effective so is the room service, the food is good when you order to your room and delivered within twenty minutes. The breakfast at the restaurant downstairs is vey basic and still acceptable for the price.The Jockey's Club at the lobby entrance is a nice place for a drink, howvere be aware that it is a pick-up point which mean that there is a lot of chinese, philippinas hookers, however they will not bother you unless you ask for it....The Philippino girl at the reception and as far as my experience in this hotel, is very unpleasant, she would not even say good morning nor smile, and look at you like if you were not paying the price for staying there... Perhaps she should join the Jockey's Club for a couple of nights....	
Aug 3 2008 	Average hotel - but you get what you pay for	the room had a kind of stale smell to it. that was probably because of the air conditioning that had'nt been cleansed or serviced in years (if at all). It does make a loud noise and you can hear pigeons sitting in it on the exterior side. The single beds are firm and comfortable. I found the bathroom appauling as it was sub-standard, the shower had a leak and there were many moths/misqito type insects and fleas flying around in the bath. so pretty disgusting. The nice philipino girl on the desk is helpful. Good thing about the hotel is the location; bus stop to city/airport within 2 mins walk, major shopping mall with Mc D's and KFC (both open till late) also next door. If you want cheap accomodation without the luxury and not staying more than 3 nights..... then this is just about bareable!!	
Jan 18 2008 	Don't Bother	This place is AWFUL...!! Unless you want to stay in a prostitute-ridden dump of a hotel with original 1970/80's crumbling decor and furniture then don't stay here..! Other 'Benefits' to this hotel include:* Knocking Shop/Brothel/Pick-up Joint right by the front door - this is a late opening bar full of hookers (at least 30) and the associated punters. The front desk claim it has no impact on the hotel - so why are there so many bouncers and why did we find a fight by the front door one night...??* Other nightlcubs pumping out loud music until 3 am (my room was top floor at the back of the hotel - still VERY loud..!* Breakfast is disgusting - the banana's were the only safe-ish thing there. The smell was awful - like a rancid curryhouse.* The staff were useless - every time we asked the desk to do something - book taxi's, wake up calls etc - they got it wrong, were late, didn't apologise etcNeed I say more....???The sheets &amp; towels were clean, and the rooms did get cleaned/tidied every day. But that's hardly an 'extra' though is it...!!BTW - I'm not a fussy type, not bothered about 'roughing it' or staying in bargain hotels - but this place is not worth ANY of your money.	
Sep 9 2007 	interesting place	Our room seemed a little shabby - although it did have everything we needed. The airconditioning unit was quite loud and everything just seemed a little run down!On the positive side though, we got to the hotel at about 6am and thelet us check in early and managed to provide us a room about 8am.Also there is a club/bar on the ground floor so if you're on the first few floors of the hotel it is apparently quite noisy.	
May 12 2007	Disgusting Place!	I was staying in this hotel in May 2007 and my only advise for people is NOT to visit this hotel at all. This place is disgusting! The area is so bad and not safe at all for decent ladies and also for children. This is a famous joint for pick-ups. Husbands -Please do NOT take you family to this place. If you do, you will really really regret it.	
Apr 25 2007 	Cheap Great location Great staff Great stay.	Hotel is in a great location with 3 shopping centres on the same street and 3 big name eating out places too.Cheap to stay in and contained all the facilities you need if you just want to stay somewhere for a while.Clean, tidy and friendly.Staff were helpful, friendly and good to deal with.I enjoyed my stay there and have no complaints. Good bar facility and facility to book trips and excursions out too.Only bad point would be that breakfast was not worth going to.Totally recommend this hotel.	
Feb 13 2007	A Paranormal Experience	The place is basic but the staff are very friendly and helpful. The famous Jockey's Bar on the ground floor is a UAE institution. It is NOT a brothel but it is certainly a 'meeting place' and unlike some others in Bur Dubai, there is an unwritten code of at least reasonable behaviour. So it is safe and fun. In the summer, beware of the 'cold' water in this hotel as it is usually too hot to touch! http://www.paranormal-hotel.blogspot.com for more info.	
Jan 29 2007 	Simple Hotel	The hotel is very basic. Starting with the room, the air conditioning (if that's what you call it) makes a terrible noise and pigeons nest on the outer part. The bathroom is fine, bit if you have a bath for longer than 15 minutes, the water gets cold.I don't know about the breakfast, as I did not have any.During lunchtime, there is an influx of working girls going into the the Jockeys Bar and not good for the family minded.Evening time, there are even more girls and if you are a guy on your own, be prepared for them coming upto you.I spent most of my time out of the hotel and returning at around 1-2am. Even then the noise from the club and disco is very loud and it doesn't stop till 3pm.Don't go to this hotel.	
May 14 2006	Bad hotel	The hotel is a 2 star, fair enough BUT be warned there are 5 night clubs/brothels. The hotel does not offer complementary city transfers even though it says that on the web. VERY loud music played every night till 3.00am. NOT family friendly. Please take my advise and don't book this hotel, you will regret it and it will ruin your holiday.	
Aug 30 2009 	assolutamente no!		
Nov 7 2007	Zweckmäßiges Hotel für kurzen Zwischenstopp		
