	At the time a journey to a building site.	Only stayed here for one night, on the way back from Sydney, we arrived during the morning and was offered breakfast at no extra charge. The rooms were excellent as you would expect from a hotel of this standard. We also went to The Mall Of The Emirates on the free hotel shuttle bus. Excellent.	
	Amazing hotel	Staff was very very helpful, friendly and efficient. Rooms were very comfortable, and house keeping would come daily. The bathrooms were very clean, with a shower as well as a bath tub. Only SLIGHT problem may be that the bathroom has frosted glass windows which leave a silhouette of the person inside taking a shower. But not really a problem as we were all girls! Although we were quite high up, our room view was amazing facing the hotel pool and beach. The pool service and food is really good! The main restaurant however is very expensive! The hotel provides a shuttle service that takes you to all the malls but the shuttle stops at around 5-6 hotels and it has limited seating so make sure you get there on time for when the shuttle leaves as there is not another one that comes! As expected, there is work going on around the area, but the noise never really affected us. Definitely would reccommend it. Amazing hotel and an amazing experience. As the city itself isn't that big, you can pretty much see it all in a week, wild wadi water park and desert safari are the main attractions i would reccommend. For a night out, The Atlantis Palm was pretty good but nothing picks up before 1.30am, and make sure you carry your passport as form of id when going! Under 21's arent allowed in anywhere!	
Nov 24 2009 	Shocking staff 	We arrived at the hotel at around10 or 11 am dubai time and the first thing that went wrong was that they couldn't find the reservation. The reason behind that??? We still don't know it due to the rude reply that we got from Jophin at the reception ' i don't know sir, you can wait there and i will get back to you once it's solved' a shocking reply from a receptionist who was supposed to be welcoming us not making us feel like we are begging for a nice service or treatment. Obviously she forgot us, and when i came back to her after almost half an hour sitting in the lobby with no one checking on us, another rude reply 'i'm busy, i told you that i will call you when it's done' as if she's telling me not to bother her while no other guest was at the reception but probably she wanted to finish some paper work. She called me after 15mns waiting again with no apology at all and no explanation for what happened. When i got my room it was a smoking one while it was clearly mentioned that i wanted a non-smoking one as for i have a child with me. I came back to the very same lady at the reception and asked for a non-smoking one, she said it's available however i have to change the room by evening due to being busy at that time. I asked her other colleague if she could help me, she said that her colleague is dealing with me and she cannot do anything. I aksed for a manager and for a big Shock, the manager was more rude than her staff which was obvious why the staff is acting like that with their guest. when i tried to tell her about the attitude of her staff she ignored me by saying that she apologizes for their behavior without even listening to the problem and again giving me the excuse that they are busy while it was calm on that day. After all she changed my room but what i don't still understand where my problem stands if they are busy and why i should be treated like that by the manager as well if they don't know how to manage their time? I hope my comment will be seen by high management of the hotel so they know how their managers whom they are trusting their business with are treating their guests. I payed so much money to receive that kind of behaviour from a manager who was worse than her staff. I believe that should be taken into consideration. else than that everything was okay in the hotel, the rooms were nice and the hotel itself is magnificent. All other staff were friendly and giving us all the attention that we needed. Restaurant little expensive but affordable still offering good food. Kids Club was great and all the staff at the pool area were so attentive. THANKS TO THEM .	
Nov 23 2009 	Looks the part but service is TERRIBLE...	I have just returned from the Habtoor after a week stay with my family. The hotel looks great-beautiful beach and pool areas and good choice of restaurants. The big down side to this hotel is the service. I usually would not complain about waiting for dinner etc., but when its is everyday and you are waiting for at least 30 mins for a fruit platter for lunch its a bit ridiculous! Also, when you check in, they take a 3000 dollar deposit off your credit card....i have stayed in numberous 5 star hotels worldwide and have never come across this. Some of the staff are very helpful and friendly but others are quite rude and abrupt. Perfume was also stolen out of my room and I was not offered anything in compensation. If your planning on using the internet it cost €10 for 1 hour which is an absolute rip off!!!!!!!!!!!Overall, I would recommend other hotels in Dubai as this hotel is more trouble then its worth!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	been at better	thought the hotel was more 3 or 4 star. the rooms we had which overlooked the outside pub which was very noisy and went on late. Sunbeds where a bit tired and the food at the pool was very average and all served with chips. The cost of a diet coke was shocking. Very pushy in the pub at the spa to have another drink as well.	
Nov 19 2009 	Best beach hotel in DUbai	We enjoyed our HONEYMOON at the Habtoor Hotel. Talking about the location: it was the best beach hotel in the area called Dubai Marina. The zone is totaly new and the hotel's beach is the best in the area (we visited some good hotels).The service was 100% high.The room was very nice, with big nice bathroom, with a view to the infinity pool+sea+city. And it was just a standart room. It was clean all the time we stayed there, cleanig the room twice a day, serving fruits in the first day for free and chocolates every day for free. There are a lot of nice restaurants and bars on the hotel's territory.The food at te main restaurant was various. We liked we could choose from lots of fresh juices (orange, watermelon, carrot...) and the food was also fresh.What we didnt like is that the vacation was over and we had to leave :)If we go in Dubai again - we deffinetely choose Habtoor Grand.p.s. There was free bus trips to all the biggest malls in Dubai which really impressed us.	
Nov 15 2009 	It's a perfect hotel for a short holiday	We stay at this hotel 5 nights, and everything was perfect. We arrive at 8 o'clock in the morning and although check in is at 14 o'clock, they made for us, to get the room at 9:30 because we have a small child with us; Also they change the last day breakfast (because our flight at departure were at 8 AM, so we weren't able to take breakfast in the last day) with the day we arrive. We have a tower sea view room, in club floor, with a balcony, 19th fllor, and the view were spectacular. We get fresh fruits, baclava and water every day. The breakfast was ok- very rich, and specially Mr. Leo and his coleague and the chief from breakfast- club, were very carefully and at high standards- Bravo. You get free towels for the pool and for the sea, which is 5 min from the pool (you travel the pool, and after that a small garden, with green grass, and is the beach).There is also a pool child and minim 4-5 restaurants with very good food (maybe were more but I did'n see them, and a lots of bars, and afternoon tea and coffee services.Also at third floor is a a nice pool were they had some parties, and although it was music, you can sleep without closing the balcony window because is good music.The only inconvenience is that they give you for club room just 1 our internet free by day, and it's not enough, so you must buy extratime. I think they should reconsider this option for the future, because of entire fully service, we just want to keep in touch with our office	
Nov 12 2009 	Amazing Stay	I like the hotel over all, The Room was Excellent, the service was very good, only the area have some constructions near by.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice but disapointed	Good hotel, good service. Nice rooms, the beds were very comfortable and pillows delicious! however, the charges in the hotel were unbelievable. We were in Dubai, initially for work reasons, then decided to stay a few extra days holiday. The hotel charged £100(!) for one weeks internet access, which wasn't even wireless in the room. ( i would not have paid this, but had to because i needed to be online) Upon asking the business centre to print out a map (because my internet had expired) I was told the minimum charge would be for an hours internet use - which was £10!! I found them extremely unhelpful and prices extortionate. There were also very limited Sun Loungers on the beach area, which was disapointing and uncomfortable in the sun with no access to shade on the beach.However, the stay at the hotel was very pleasant, service OK and also a very good location. Seeing the quality on offer in Dubai, the overall feeling of this hotel was slightly disapointing.	
Nov 10 2009 	Lovely hotel and also is good for a small family	I stayed in a twin room with my sister for four nights. I upgraded to club before we both flew out. The serviced they provided was fantastic. We had use of their club lounge wich was excellent for breakfast (your own chef to cook you an omelette), afternoon tea and free alcoholic drinks for two hours in the evening. I also booked half board so there was a buffet dinner which was very good. A great range of variety of food available and different every evening. Tthe Horizon pool bar was opening in the evenings with some dance music. From there at the moment you have excellent views over the palm Jumeirah. It seems there will be building work happening along side the hotel maybe next year. Need to seek advice I think about that with the hotel before booking. Soon as the building work is finnished the view will be obscured. Our room was excellent. I loved the horizon pool. Good family facilities also available. Wild Wadi water park was fantastic. Worth going to from the hotel. Free bus service to major Dubai malls from the hotel.	
Nov 9 2009 	Average hotel for a stop-over	Business trip started off on the wrong foot with a half hour queue for check-in. Was placed in the 'resort rooms', which are more like a Meditteranean holiday location, not like the towers rooms which make the hotel look like other 5* Dubai hotels. All OK generally, so if you get a good rate, nice hotel, but service lacks efficiency. Would go again, but only if others at comparable price were full.	
Nov 8 2009 	BRILLIANT BRILLIANT HOTEL	Absolutely loved this hotel, I couldn’t of had a better stay, the rooms, the staff, the location, the beach, the food was all amazing. Having gone with my best mate, we were looking to have a get away in a nice hotel and were definitely impresses. We had breakfast buffet, which had a large variety of foods. The rooms were big and spacious with both shower and separate bath. The beach was a little walk away but was well worth it although extremely hot. The infinity pool is a must and the sunset in the infinity pool is amazing.There is a free bus shuttle to take you to the fabulous malls, but the Dubai Mall and emirate mall are a must see. Taxi to the golden souks isn’t expensive and there are a number of clubs around however they are a little further away. Karams is a definite place to go for shopping make sure you barta, they take you to secret locations so there is an element of trust however you will not be disappointed.This hotel ozzes class and opulence and is 5 star all the way.I would thoroughly stay hear again and would recommend this hotels.	
Nov 8 2009 	Comfortable 	We had a brief 3 night stay on the return leg from Aus. The ocean front room gave a great view of the habour area. The room standard was excellent, all the amenities were well explained by the hotel staff on arrival. A number of communications were posted under our door during the stay and a call was made to the room on he day of departure asking us to rate the services we had used - all this made us feel well looked after without being oppressive. The is a good choice of restaurants - the thai Munchies is v nice. Dubai is not a cheap place - be warned! Average daily food bill pp for lunch/dinner/drinks - £90.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Due to some of the bad reviews we had read we were rather nervous about what to expect here, but we arrived in the early hours of 19th October. Dealt with efficiently by Reception, received a welcome drink while paperwork processed. Unfortunately they didn't seem to realise we had a Club Room, but it was dealt with smoothly and we went to our room on the 16th floor.CLUB ROOM WITH SEA VIEW: The room was large and spacious with a decent sized bathroom. We had fresh fruit, dried dates and bachlaava delivered every day. Views from the balcony over the back of the property where the pool and beach were situated, could also see the Burj al Arab and The Atlantis hotels in the distance from our balcony. CLUB LOUNGE: Because we had a Club Room we were able to access the Club Lounge on the ground floor for breakfast, high tea and drinks and canapes in the evening. Although there is a difference in price we agreed that it was well worth the upgrade as the food and drink provided meant we spent virtually no money at all. Breakfast was very nice with a good selection of dishes, service was excellent, atmosphere was nice and quiet and relaxed, same again for high tea in the evening and was surprised with the constant drinks topping up when we went for drinks and canapes in the evening. Realised afterwards that I had managed to polish off an entire bottle of wine myself due to the diligence of the staff! Hubby took a quick look at the main restaurant on the ground floor and reported back that it was extremely busy and a bit of a free for all, so we were delighted with the rather more sedate atmosphere in the Club Lounge.POOL &amp; BEACH: Spent most of our time at the main pool which was relatively busy most of the time, but not enough to put you off. Never made it to the infinity pool on the third floor unfortunately so can't comment about that. The hotel had access to a reasonably large section of the beach (albeit with a empty baracaded section that looks like it will have construction work on it at some point, but during our visit nothing was happening). The sea was extremely salty, if you have any kids that want to swim in it make sure they don't mind getting salty water in their eyes (if they do, make sure you take some swimming goggles for them).SHOPPING: We only visited Mall of the Emirates which both of us found to be slightly disappointing. Harvey Nics &amp; Debenhams were both in evidence, the rest of the shops were very expensive designer stuff so nothing really worth bothering with.THE WALK: Met up with my brother and his family for a day and a half and was glad to discover this shopping/eating area was within a 5min walk of the hotel. Restaurants are significantly cheaper than the hotel so unless you have more money than sense, its worth eating out rather than eating in!CONCLUSION: Very happy with the hotel and where it was situated. Only a minor complaint that the bathroom was a little bit less than expected with some questionable DIY'er being let loose in there (i.e looks like somebody took a large hammer, smashed a load of holes and then fitted the electrics without grouting round afterwards). However, this didn't bother us unduly and didn't spoil our holiday or our opinion of the hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	dont stay here	I have just returned from a week in Dubai staying at the above hotel. I have visited Dubai many times in the last 10 years and stayed at many 5 star hotels - this is definitely not the same standard. The rooms are fine and the pool area with a water slide for the kids is good but that's where it stops. The service was the worst I have had in Dubai, especially at breakfast which was terrible, no matter what time we went there was a queue across the lobby and twice when we were shown to our table it was dirty and had'nt been cleaned, the staff were obviously overworked and there wer'nt enoughof them. The dinner buffet main courses were limited and when my son wanted a plain cheese burger, he got melted cheese on a roll! The food was really not very good either except at the Italiain restaurant which if you like pizza or pasta was quite good. It is set quite far back from the beach and at the very end so not as nice as the other hotels which are further up the beach, also Jumeirah Walk which is full of restaurants and coffee shops is about a 15 minute walk which when it's very hot is quite hard work.. They call themselves 5 star but I have stayed at a 4 star that was better. Needless to say I wont be staying there again.	
Nov 2 2009 	Thank you for pleasant stay	I've stayed in Habtoor Grand htl 14-24/10/09 &amp; it was my second stay in this wonderful hotel. I'd like to thank all staff for their work &amp; for their willing to make the guests happy &amp; relaxed. The staff on reception is very proffecional. I'd like to point out Mr Puma. My experience in Elixir SPA was also very good, unfortunately I don't remember the name of the master, who was doing a massage. In a one word this place is for 100% worth staying.Thank you.Wish you prosperity &amp; good clients.Julia Bobkova	
Nov 1 2009 	Loud music late into the night	We're sitting in the airport on the way home after 6 nights at the hotel.We had to get moved after the first night as our room (324) had patio doors right onto the Horizon pool area which is used for a late night entertainment until 2AM 6 nights out of 7. This music is modern 'dance' music with strong bass rythym which travels for quite a distance. We asked to be moved and were quickly tranferred to the 7th floor where we could still hear it. It seems to be turned down (a bit) between 12 midnight and 1AM as a token gesture to guests.I cannot believe that a 5 star hotel would continue to run this sort of entertainment which is at odds with a restful and relaxing holiday experience.This hotel is now starting to date a little amongst the newest hotels in Dubai with areas like to pool looking a bit tired e.g. the sun-loungers.The service from the staff was excellent and cannot be faulted.My only other comment was the expensive internet access - £10 for 1 hour and no free facility to simply do on-line check-in for flights.I would expect free access in public areas and chargeable in the room.The recently opened 'The Walk' promenade containing numerous cafes, shops and restuarants (many with free internet access) will only attract hotel guests away to spend their money somewhere else.Lovely rooms (tower) and great service are great with a couple of changes it would fully justify 5 stars.	
Oct 28 2009 	Better than The Atlantis Palm Dubai!	Having stayed here for 5 nights then on to the Atlantis for 2 nights, I give the Habtoor full marks in every category (except for the music in the Horizon bar). I only looked at some of the reviews after I had booked, and was a bit apprehensive on arrival. I can only say that those who had a negative experience was unfortunate. Check-in was prompt and a cold juice was provided as well as a selection of fruit in the room. The choice of breakfast was substantial with attentive, pleasant staff.I went with my two children as a birthday present for them both (celebrated 4 days apart), and my daughter was pleasantly surprised to find a birthday cake and card in our room after returning from the beach. The same cannot be said of the Atlantis for my son - however I will review the Atlantis in a separate review for it.The entrance to the hotel can become congested with vehicles, so if you're returning to the hotel by taxi ask to get out just before the ramp and pay, otherwise the meter is left running on the ramp until you get to the top.A courtesy shuttle bus is provided to take you to some of the malls in the city, which was very helpful in reducing taxi costs, and convenient to catch a bus tour from Mall of the Emirates.As a parent with two teenagers, my only recommendation is for the hotel to provide teenage - friendly activities. Due to the drinking laws of Dubai, the minimum age of admittance to any clubs is 21, so the average British teenager would be hard-pressed to please during the evening/night. The Horizon Bar could hold alcohol-free times for teens where they could listen to music and chill-out with same age other guests, for example.Having said that, both my children said they would go back to Habtoor Grand after having stayed at The Atlantis, so that's saying something.If you plan to use the Spa facilities within a limited stay period, I would contact the hotel before arrival to book treatment, massage, etc as I couldn't treat my daughter to a birthday massage a day after arrival, due to being fully booked.Internet access is available but it isn't free, which it should be.Thank you to all the staff who made it a very pleasant holiday.	
Oct 26 2009 	Value for money hotel on the beach.	The hotel is excellent value for money with a fantastic location.	
Oct 25 2009 	fantastic hotel in prime location	We have just returned from a 5 day stay at the Habtoor and were extremely impressed with every aspect of the hotel and resort. The service is the best service I have ever experienced and nothing is too much for the hotel personnel. Rooms are spacious and charming with daily maid service and a fresh fruit basket on arrival. The resort has great facilities with a good choice of restaurants and bars we ate in the italian which offers good food at a reasonable price. The champagne bar on the 3rd floor is defintely worth a visit for the views alone even if rather expensive. The hotel is situated in a great location on Jumeirah beach which is a beautiful clean beach offering great watersports and picture perfect sunsets. The location is in close proximity to various restaurants and cafes if you fancy a stroll and an evening outside the hotel. We did not experience any difficulties as discussed in other reviews regarding the reservation of sunbeds as most guests dont venture to the pool areas till after 10am. We were going to stay in the Atlantis however am pleased we instead stayed at the Habtoor due to its superb location. As Dubai is ever evolving there is a lot of construction work and it is difficult to walk around the resort the main transportation is taxis which are very reasonble. The concierge and sales reps arent the most knowledable on the area so stick with your guide books!We would defintely return to the Habtoor.	
Oct 24 2009	Great Hotel by the beach	Recently stayed at the Habtoor with my son for a 3 night stopover.My first time in Dubai, but if this is typical of the standard of hotel, unless you are really picky and nothing is good enough for you, then you will enjoy your stay.The Habtoor is fairly large, with 2 towers and garden resort accomodation.Although large, you never had the overcrowded feeling you can get with some beach resort hotelsWe were in the cheaper garden wing, dont let cheaper put you off, the room was large and well appointed, it was also very close to the pool, probably better than the towers if you have kids. The pool was good and clean with a wet bar,life guard and kids slides, one for the small ones and one for the big kids, yes that includes the dads.Staff were excellent and friendly. when we checked in, i think around 1 in the morning, we were greeted at the door and welcomed with a nice cold glass of fruit juice. don't panic, the bar is open till around 2 or 3.You also have easy access to the beach which was always attended by a life guard.If you are thinking of going to Dubai, I am sure you would not be disapointed if you stay at the Habtoor.	
Oct 21 2009 	"Still a few steps to take to be judged as a 5 star business hotel"	Plus- Excellent room with facilities with a nice view.- Beach and pool area excellent.- Breakfast variety and content excellentMinus- as only smoking room available you have to improve the cleaning as our clothes still smelled strongly by smoke when back in Sweden.- &quot;room charge&quot; policy needs to be revised for business travellers (AED 1000:- per day in up front deposit and if not used kept for 15 days). The hotel still hold the Card number as guaranmtee ???- check in not working properly. A guranteed reservation and rate had to be double chec ked before accepted by your front staff (ca 10 minutes).- valet parking first 2 days took ca 25-30 minutes each time from submittal of the slip until tghe car arrived. Was however significantly improved the remining days.  I have addressed this to my company in Dubai (Siemens LLC) as well as I am hesitating to locate any travellers from my division into this hotel in the furture.With Best RegardsJohan HanssonSr Advisor MarketingSiemens , Sweden[--]johan.hansson@siemens.com	
Oct 18 2009 	Clean hotel friendly staff good food	Stayed here earlier this month and got a bit worried about a few not so good reports before we left. What a waste of worrying time!! the hotel was good, clean and comfortable. The staff were helpful, if a little slow on check in. We were given a bottle of wine and fruit for our anniversary which was lovely. We had half board and the food was spot on, plenty of choice and always hot enough or cold enough. The restaurant was serving dinner until 10.30pm, and there was always plenty of food at the end of the service to choose from.one last thing..... we had booked a tower room, when we arrived we were asked, by reception, if we would like to &quot;upgrade&quot; to a tower SEA view room for £90 total extra for the 2 nights, we said no (the thinking behind this was that if we really didn't like the view we would ring and get the upgrade later) On arriving at the room on the 9th floor we had indeed got a sea view! Had we have paid the £90 would we still have had the same room??? I guess so!!!Lesson learnt, always go to the room first, never say that you'll hae a look at the room first because they will give you the worst to look at so you will pay the upgrade.	
Oct 10 2009 	Really nice stay	Stayed at Habtoor in July 2006. The only downside was the really loud air condition which kept us awake at night. As far as I know they have changed that now.Beach, pool, restaurants etc. was really nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing stay!	An amazing hotel! The staff was more than helpful from the moment we arrived till we checked out. We've booked a triple but our room was a double, so as soon as we asked for an extra bed we were astounded by the speed they brought it up! 5-10 minutes! The room was one of the best I've ever stayed in, just loved the decor, the huge bathtub and bathroom in general, as well as the view! The breakfast was absolutely great, so rich with different kinds of food it sure kept you getting up for refilling! Fruits and bottles of water in the room were very welcoming, and it was a nice surprise to see that new bottles came every day, so much needed for the summer heat! What won me most though was the &quot;thank you&quot; email a week after we checked out, it showed that they care about their clients. An excellent stay!	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent Position	We arrived at the hotel to stay for 10 nights, and have to say we cannot fault it. The location is right next to the Jumeriah Residents Marina with shops and plenty of eateries to enjoy which is all walking distance, the only problem will be choosing where to eat. We had lovely meals in the hotel restuarants, and the Polo bar was lovely to relax and have some drinks before heading out in the evening. The service we cannot fault around the pool, beach bar and inside the hotel. The Underground Pub gets very busy when the football is on with all the locals coming to have a few drinks after work too, which makes this bar have a lovely buzzy atmosphere.We had a lovely room on the 10th floor overlooking the sea, sheets where changed everyday and rooms you so spacious along with the lovely large bathroom, we were very well looked after.We are going back again next year to the same hotel as we enjoyed the stay and would recommend it, we loved the location and the fact that we could walk to the shops and restaurants in the evening so we were not confined to the hotel as we booked many things to do and Skiing at the Emirates Mall was a 10min ride away. If you are going out to shop then you have to visit the Dubai Mall which is newly built, and a fantastic waterfront display is a must see which is only happening in the evenings so check the times before visiting, and this mall is around 15mins away.	
Oct 4 2009 	Don't expect a five star hotel! It's just lower 4 star niveau!	In May we visited the Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort &amp; Spa just next door (and before other five star hotels in Dubai) and liked the area very much. As we like to see different hotels we thought to try once the Habtoor. We booked the same room and paid about the same price: tower room with sea view -&gt; as you will see below even all seemed to be the same our experience, can't be compared at all - it was like day and nightThis hotel is definitely not e 5 star hotel! It's just lower 4 star niveau. Starting with reception: when you arrive no one opens the taxi door and takes out the suitecases. Then reception is very complicated and takes a very long time. Why is it nessary to talk about prices which were all defined in the booking? All in all the reception was very poor and it was the first five start hotel I visited which has not offered a welcome dring nor a cold refreshment towel The room: The first room had only a bad sea view, was above the gateway and had sharming airconditionings view and no balcony. After our intervention we were upgraded to the 17th floor but still there was no balcony and the room was a bit noicy. The service was poor: you receive a free fruit platter only on the first day and they room service left the dirty platter and tissue on a table for two days. Except two bottles of water everything costs (The Merdien offered one bottle of wine per day for free!) and also small things like filling up ice cubes and little coffee bags, cottons pads were not done. Furthermore also cleaning was not perfect like the soap holder was never cleaned.Breakfast: The room was loud as a food court of a big shopping mall and there was no possibility eat outsideService in general: the business center was very expensive (internet was free at Meridien), even though we asked for a 'normal' taxi they wanted always to called us the much more expensive private limousine service, beach: basically there is no service at the beach, in generall most of the staff does not give the guests the feeling that they do everything for their hospitality which is our understanding of a five star hotelCheck-out: The evening before check-out we asked for a one hour late check out but at 12 o'clock the room was looked! It took 25 minutes to open the door and no excuse nothing! Because of this we then had to hurry very much but other hotel in this situation would send someone to help you with the bags proactivly not at Habtoor! Instead in the looby every one smiled when they saw us carring the suitecases, helping would have bein to much! Again the check-out was terrible slow and in my point of view they comitted a big blunder: they told my girlfriend the price of the stay even tought I told them during check-in that it's my present for engagemen and of course the bill was not correct! As well we complaint very much about the whole stay and the only answer was a frosty 'we are sorry' but not more. We just interpreted this reaction as beeing not welcome again what will be a easy task for us. Next time we prefer a real five star hotel like the Meridien or a four star hotel for the half price	
Oct 3 2009 	Good value	We were abit worried after reading some of the reviews on here, but neednt ahve worried because you really cant please all the people all the time! Yes some of the sunbeds were old, but with a towel over the mattress so what! The adult only pool was lovley and the beds newer! Breakfast was fine lots of choice and we got invited to the club lounge for two mornings which made our trip more special! We got an upgrade and a birthday cake (our travel agent did email ahead so find a good agent) Bedroom was very spacious we had a tower room dont think the garden rooms looked as nice, they filled toiletries up every day and there was a free safe. We found the staff generally ok, although yes they did want to get you a hotel taxi, but hey just ask for a yellow cab! Taxi's were cheap and we found some lovley places to eat. We were there duing ramadam and whilst in hotel did not cause a problem, still served food and drinks. Tip go to duty free before you leave the airport take your own booze its cheaper and hotel will give you ice or u can use mini bar. Strange system if u want to use minibar they wanted deposit of 800aed per day (probably the contents werent worth that) but theyll empty fridge no bother if you dont want too. Ues their probably are better hotels but you do get what you pay for and if you get a good deal the Habtoor is great for a stay in dubai!	
Oct 1 2009 	Overall - No Problems!	Upgraded before arrival to Club Room with sea view &amp; small balcony, room was clean, spacious and well maintained.We arrived at airport about 8am and met by hotel staff, yes two and taken direct to hotel, with commentary en-route, on arrival, as in Club Room we were in our room by 9.30am. Must say all staff were friendly, helpful and professional, a theme that was standard throughout our stay. Despite some areas in hotel looking 'tired' overall no problems with facilities, although poolside could do with a revamp... Sun beds and mattresses poor, running repairs to rickety wheels required on regular basis and availability, although we always managed to get a couple, as mentioned in previous reviews, it certainly seems the 'Early Birds' bagged the best located beds, but not used until mid-afternoon. Used the Club Lounge for breakfast, first class service, wide range of choice and quality, whilst had half-board, main restaurant was acceptable both in food choice and service, on occasions could have been better. Due to Ramadan, access was restricted until after 8pm, but this was not a problem.Visted the on site Thai/Japanese restaurant, which was very good, excellent service and food, perhaps a tadge 'expensive' but hey when you are on holiday.....Hotel is in good location and beachside, okay construction is ongoing, but at present that appears to be happening no matter where you are in Dubai.... For those requiring 'retail therapy' Hotel provided free shuttle buses to and from the major shopping malls, which were well used or taxi's a plenty.Overall, enjoyed our stay, Hotel matched our expectations, which enabled us to have a pleasant &amp; relaxing time.	
Sep 30 2009 	An old five star for Dubai	This is one of the oldest hotels in the Jumeirah Beach area, so the hotel is dating. For Dubai standards this is more like a 4+. Overall still good value if you bag a deal. If you can upgrade to a club room do so, well worth it for the extras. The downsides are the concierge (really ignorant!!) and the sunbeds (dirty and old!!!) not what you would expect in a 5 star. On the plus side the gym is fantastic, plenty of restaurants within the hotel, and this hotel is on the beach front. Plenty of choice for breakfast and the food is very good. I would recommend this hotel, but would point out that you can get better in Dubai for a similar cost.	
Sep 28 2009 	Never again at this hotel	Absolutely no service at all, very rude and not willing staff except the business center staff.Very much worried wit putting depositi down for expenses. not user frendly and not welcoming at all. i would not recomend thos to nayone even if the rate was at 10 USD per couple per dayCoelho Gomes Los	
Sep 25 2009 	Nice rooms shame about the pool!	We had a sea view tower room with balcony. The room itself was spacious, clean, modern and bright and with all the facilities you would expect from a hotel on Jumeria Beach. The hotel had good spa and gym facilities.Breakfast was good with plenty of variety to suit all tastes. Service to the tables with tea and coffee was plentiful.Lucciano's italian restaurant was worth a visit, but the British style pub which was themed as an underground station was full of cigarette smoke which detered us from entering as it could be smelled along the corridor.If you want a taxi, walk out of the hotel and down the road a little way as the hotel only offer private hire cars which are almost double the cost of a metered taxi.The hotel location is good with only a short walk to the new Marina area which has plenty of shopping, restaurants and bars.There were regular free shuttle buses to and from the major shopping malls, which provided an excellent service.However the pool area was a major disappointment. The sun beds and mattresses were old and shabby, when you could get one. It seems to be the practice here to cover beds with towels, leave them unattended for hours at a time, only to return later in the day when the heat is not so fierce. If you want a bed around the pool you will need to 'bag it' before 8.30am, or you will be relegated to the exposed beach area. Take your own towels or those from the room, as only 1 old and worn beach towel is provided by the pool staff, who check your name off on a list to make sure you only receive your quota of 1.The service in the pool bar was very slow and the staff seemed disinterested.	
Sep 20 2009 	rip off	we have just got from habtoor lovely hotel but stuck in the middle of building site we arrived at the hotel on the 8th of september in the early hours, staff i found very rude when we arrived it was not welcome it was do you realise it is ramadam and started going on about what you can and carnt do.we were showned to a room which was really nice . we paid for half board but to be honest we should not have botherd there were 5 more resturants in the hotel and we could only eat in the one with our package complete rip. of we were there for our silver wedding and our tour operater did not even email them to tell them which they said they would do but did not very upsetting for us because for us it was a special date for us very expensive need to drop there prices because the tourists want be able to a ford to go i would never ever ever go back which i had chosen some were else for my aniversary	
Sep 20 2009 	Loved it	The hotel was fantastic. We stayed in a resort room, which was large, with couches and flat screen TV. The pool was great and there was plenty of sun lounges for all. Breakfast was also wonderful, so much to choose from, omlettes (cooked to order), sausages, eggs, baked beans, cake muffins, toast, cereal, fruit, cheese....the list goes on. All the staff were friendly, especially the ones that took us to our room on arrival - he was very helpful and full of information. All staff were always smiling etc. The gym was amazing and had all new equipment. Also free shuttle services and pickup to the major shopping centres.All in all - we had a great holiday and would definately go back to the Habtoor again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Never Again	This is not a 5*, this was our 18th visit to Dubai.The staff were grumpy, the only friendly people were poolside and the lady in the lobby trying to sell us an investment. The receptionist didnt have teeth or just didnt want to smile. The staff looked like they didnt want to be there.Everynight we heard a gurgling sloshing noise in the toilet and then a terrible smell in the toilet, we complained, an engineer turned up one night, but pretended everything was normal. This began around midnight until about 1.30am.I think the receptionist discarded our comments card as i didnt recieve an apology from the hotel after our stay.	
Sep 15 2009 	Ok hotel but do not go half board	Accomadation ok, clean and tidy hotel. Buffet breakfast ok, but lunch and dinner in the buffet restaurant appeared to be the same every day and of poor standard. Drinks very expensive in the hotel, but I think all hotels would be similar. Very good gym. Horizon pool very nice and pool staff very helpful. The main pool is quite noisey and the water is not chilled unlike the horizon, so not as nice when trying to cool off. The conceriage struggle to speak english, so are unable to answer many of your questions, which is a nightmare when trying to find out about dubai and places to go. A good holiday all in all, but would not stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Amazing hotel expensive though!	as a regular traveller i have stayed in many hotels around the world in many different stars!This hotel is modern yet authentic arabian touches, clean, very safe, nicely decorated. the staff are pleasant and helpfull. The hotel is well located for shopping and dining. There are a few restaurants and bars in the hotel. the italian was suprisingly good, poolside bar ok for lunch, we didnt think much to the lebanese. The restaurant on the 25th floor was amazing! view and food both to die for! The average price for a bottle of wine was apx £40 though which was disapointing as it was a brand that would be £6 in a uk supermarket! the breakfast buffet i thought was excellent depite otherreviews.The beach and pool are both well kept and the spa area was top class.Overall I would say this was a definate 5 star hotel.I am stay ing here again this november!	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent decor and pool...too many eastern europeans	Very nice hotel in the centre of a building site. Room of very high standard...wonderful views. Pool was also very good although lifeguards need to be more aware of young children on the slides as I had to rescue a three year old from the plunge pool while a 'lifeguard' looked bemused!! Breakfast was very good buffet style but loads of choice. Staff efficient and friendly. Too many eastern european guests for my liking and did make the place feel like a package holiday rather than a very good hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	A 3-star disguised as a 5-star	To anyone used to the excellent standards of Dubai's luxury hotels, the Habtoor Grand will be a disappointment. The Habtoor group owned an ageing low-rise hotel on this site and all they appear to have done is build two new towers in front of it, so once you get past the reception, the pool/leisure and some of the restaurant areas are still decidedly dated - furniture needs changing, tiles missing from the pools (especially the Horizon pool) etc. We had a tower sea view room which was excellent, although the advertised balcony was little more than a window ledge, no room for seating and none provided anyway. But two things really ruined it for us; the excessive prices for food and drink given the standard of the hotel and the disinterested attitude of the staff. A continental breakfast of little more than a croissant and some toast cost 25$, a glass of ordinary house wine in the bar was 14$. The Italian restaurant is managed by an aggressive young lady with a gestapo attitude to customer service - don't go here! On the whole, it's what I would say is &quot;correct&quot; but if you look around you'll see that this is mutton dressed as lamb, meaning they've tried to make something second rate look good. So if your company is paying then fine. But if you are paying, you can do a lot better than this in Dubai.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Went to Dubai for second time and this time stay in a Beach hotel. This one is excellent both for the family room and view we had and the hotel hosiptality. We went on a package tour B/B included. Just can't fault it really.	
Sep 6 2009 	excellent accommodation and staff	Thoroughly enjoyed our stop-overs from UK to Oz and Oz to UK. Excellent staff especially on the beach. Had an &quot;upgraded&quot; room on the way out of UK but not on the return. The return room was just as good if not better. Pool on third floor tends to be hidden away, but well worth a visit. Food very good but expensive compared to UK and Oz, particularly water which is very precious. August is extremely humid and be prepared for sea temperature of 38. Its worth taking short tours, especially on the boat to see the Sail, Wave etc.	
Sep 6 2009	Would never stay here again.	I booked this hotel on a last minute whim and only checked the Trip Advisor reviews afterwards.......what I read was consistent with what I experienced when I arrived.This was my 3rd trip to Dubai and to the Jumeriah Beach area. Both hotels I have stayed at previously have impressed me with their service and attention to detail....the standard of hospitality in Dubai is very good and I was expecting the Habtoor Grand to be no different.We had some issues travelling so my sister ended up arriving before me. She is not particularly well travelled so when she arrived at the hotel exhausted she dumped her stuff in the room, sat outside on the patio and fell asleep. When she woke up the room had been turned down.....she checked the money she had changed at the airport (non of which had been spent) and discovered that 500 dhs was missing. Yes, she should have secured her valuables in the safe but this wasn't the best start to the holiday!We stayed on the third floor and had immediate access to the Horizon pool. The whole area was very dated and rickety - certainly no where near 5 star! The pool was OK but didn't seem particularly clean. The lifeguards and staff were very friendly but I was horrified when I saw them using a large square sieve to collect a buildup of sun tan lotion from the corner of the pool. I saw people that has sat on the stairs into the pool and their costumes were covered in this build up of silt and grime. We only stayed by the pool for 3 days, after which we were too disgusted to use the pool - we paid to use the facilities of another hotel instead.The gym facilities are excellent - there is an abundance of space and equipment which is in good condition and a great selection of machines and weights. The room was a good size with all the facilities you would expect. The bathroom had a large glass enclosed shower. On the second night I heard an almighty crash at about 12pm - my sister went outside to see what had happened - the shower in the room next door had just fallen over with the glass smashed everywhere - luckily there was no-one in it at the time - I am sure it would have been horrific given the amount of glass that shattered.On the 3rd night a funny noise started to come from the bathroom....the water was sloshing around in the toilet.....then the smell came. The stench was unbearable. This exercise with the drains happened every other night and was disgusting.The breakfast buffet was poor - although there was lots of food, the selection never changed and was just left sitting there all morning (the cheese platter was sweaty and curled as you would expect after 4 hours on the side). I had an omlette and it was cooked in so much oil I couldn't eat it. I was not impressed with the quality of the food especially compared to what I have eaten in both the Sheraton and the Mina Seyhai.I would not recommend anyone to stay at this hotel - the service is poor, the facilities (exc the gym) are second rate. For those who have visited Dubai previously you will be very disappointed and for 1st timers - you will not experience the excellent hospitality that this country has to offer.	
Sep 2 2009 	excellent hotel very relaxing enjoyed everything it had to offer..	Two minor points - sunbeds could do with replacing and doorman liked to use un-official Taxis, ( at double the cost of the normal taxi rate) always ask for a proper taxi.However this did not over shadow an excellent holiday, in first class place.	
Sep 1 2009 	superb	got every thing that you would expect from a 5 star and more	
Sep 1 2009 	Best 5* hotel there is in Dubai in our opinion	This has got to be by far the best 5* hotel we have stayed in...and we always go for 5* hotels. The staff were courteous, polite. The hotel was clean, accomodating and the hotel itself very inviting. We had a tower sea view room which was a very large room and was a luxury room. We throughly enjoyed our stay here and will be returning to the hotel again.The location was brilliant and you are at an advantage staying at this hotel as the free shuttle bus that is run by the shopping malls stops and picks up passengers at this hotel first. So you will find that there is always room on the bus if you stay at the Grand Habtoor as you are the first passengers on it.Overall a lovely holiday. Throughly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Aug 31 2009 	'ab' fab	this trip was our honeymoon, we had a fantastic time here.. the hotel staff were brilliant and attentive. the whole place was spotless. everything you need on holiday is all in one place, with several different resturants and bars there's something for everyone.. we were given an upgrade.. and also treated to wine, fresh fruit and a lovely card from the staff offering congratulations on onr honeymoon.. i would definatley return to this wonderful 5* hotel, as location, staff and facilities were fantastic	
Aug 31 2009 	Good staff good short stay	We only stayed at the Habtoor Grand for 3 days and it was a pleasant experience. The room was very clean and well decorated. The main beds were very comfy, however I had to ask for a spare bed to be brought in for my son so we could each have our own bed. The staff were happy to help but the bed was not good; it was horribly hard! The staff were also quick to help when we had problem with the drainage in the shower, the drain was very small so after this we had to keep pausing in our shower to let the water go down. Breakfast was all inclusive and it was great - huge selection. We only had dinner once at the hotel and it was quite good but not worth the money. I think most other customers agreed as we were the only ones eating there! We also went to the underground pub which had a good atmosphere but again expensive, but its what you would except. There were other bars and restaurants within the hotel which we did not go to.The main pool is lovely, although it did get very busy during the middle of the day. There is a jacuzzi area, a pool bar and a actual jacuzzi. The jacuzzi was very warm but strangely it is for over 16s - and they mean this they would not allow my son to come in! The other pool was the horizon pool which was on the third foor, it was a great pool and you could see the Atlantis hotel and the Burj. The beach is also fantastic.Overall a good holiday for a short stay.	
Aug 30 2009 	Not 5* service very poor	This Hotel is got to be one of the worst run hotels on the beach.. We checked in with a voucher and were given a room in &quot; K Wing&quot; kitchen wing a low rise block facing the kitchens thats where all voucher paying guest are sent to first, Its smelly, dingy and dated after returning to reception and refusing the room we were given a room in one of the towers which was sub-standard defiantly not 5*!!! I have stayed at the Westin for the same money which makes this hotel look like amateurs . Staff are rude the food is overpriced and the facilities worn scruffy.The Hotel owner struts around the grounds with his son like a headmaster at school looking the guest up and down. We were also asked to leave the tennis courts as he was playing a tournament on the court next to us as we were not dressed correctly i suggest he concentrates on managing his staff and bringing his hotel up standard instead of walking around managing his guest's!! and if his tennis is anything to go by its never going to happen !!	
Aug 25 2009 	"Simply the Best !"	Me, my wife and 2 children (girls 9 &amp; 6) returned back to visit the hotel for a second year in a row. The hotel accomodation in the tower room was spacious and clean. We love the hotel and the facilites it provides. The kids love it !Nearby there are so many eating places on the along the 'walk' - which we discovered on out last 2 days. The staff put on a special treat for me and my wife as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary.All in all i love evruthing about this hotel from design, space staff services etc. Inmym view you will be hard pushed to find a better hotel at the rates they charge.	
Aug 22 2009 	A 'fabulous-couldn't do enough' 5 Star hotel and Spa..will be going again!!	An esquisite place with amazing spa and resort!..We were upgrade soon as we arrived to the sea view room (normally £466 a night), which was beautiful. Besides, the wonderful room, hotel, resort...what made this holiday an unforgettable one is the people and service. I have stayed in many british hotels but have never been treated in such a respected way, the staff are all trained to make you feel wonderful, from the cleaners, to the receptionists, everyone has the same hospitable attitude and nature. I asked for an iron which was delivered within minutes of the call, bottled water, chocolates and fresh towels were delivered twice a day. The staff at breakfast were effecient, respectful, couldnt do enough for you. Just making eye contact with staff in this hotel is enough for them to attend your every need. I read the reviews on this site before i went and was a little concerned, but i cant express how wrong the negaives reviews are. This is a undoubtly a 5 star with an arab touch, i was offered hilton through my agent before booking and i am so pleased i went for Habtoor. I feel Hilton is the same everywhere, its far to like home, western, Habtoor is a 5 star with a touch of Arab culture, art, hospitality. I loved it and will be going again for sure. It also offers a fab south african grill resturant with all you can eat for 90aed (£16). The breakfast buffet is a full english and more with fab slices of beef bacon...loved it!! There are many resturants, the noodle bar, mexican, nandos and many more places to eat for around £25 for 3. We booked a safari in the desert for 250aed each, cruise for 220aed, parasailing for 200aed, speed boat around the palms 300aed, a slim and scult wrap at the gorgeous spa for 2hours 800aed was excptionally all at the hotel and not forgetting 250aed for tea at the Burj Al Arab..and im very particular with standards!! I definitely recommend this hotel which is by far a 5 star!! A wonderful stay!!	
Aug 20 2009 	Gorgeous hotel with a superb white sandy beach	My husband and I booked to go to Dubai for to celebrate our 1st Year Anniversary and we had the best time ever!The hotel upgraded our room to a Tower Sea View Room as it was a special occassion and on the day of our anniversary they left us a bottle of champagne in a bucket, fruit and card which I thought was oustanding.The hotel is so clean and the staff are always at hand to help, we ate at different restuarants during our stay within the hotel and the food was gorgeous.We used the spa treatments and it is recommended to book a few days before to get the time that you want, we both had a back massage which left us so relaxed.The hotel has a bar pool which is ideal for those who want to relax in the water and grab a drink at the same time, for people with children they do have a water slide which looked really good as well.The beach is linked onto the back of the hotel and it can be accessed by a path from the pool, we went at the beginning of September and it was scorching hot! The sand was so hot so make sure you wear your flip flops and dont burn your feet. The sand is gorgeous and when you get into the Gulf Sea it is really nice and you just want to stop in it all day as its really warm. Water sports are available as well.The room was spacious with a Plazma TV and also has a mini bar if you feel thirsty or hungry. The Bathroom was very clean and modern.A free shuttle bus is available from outside the reception area which takes you to 3 different shopping malls, I would definetly recommend taht you visit the Mall of Emirates as it has a indoor skiing centre where my husband and I took our first ever skiing beginners lessons and it was a lot of fun.The hotel is in a really good location, but if you do plan to go to the Gold Souk and Spice Market please note it is 45 minutes away in a taxi and it can get quite busy during Dubai working hours. If you get a chance do take the opportunity to go.I would definetly return to this hotel and recommend it to all my friends and family - it is ideal for couples, friends and families so everyone can enjoy Dubai!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great hotel!	Travelled with my wife and two young children (5 &amp;11 yrs) and had a room in the main tower block (22nd floor). Very spacious clean room of a 5 star standard (previously we have stopped at the 5 star Royal Meridian which is next door to this hotel). Had two large beds and also a sofa bed for the kids. Staff are very helpful, had a problem with the shower and it was quickly rectified.Very good service from all hotel staff. Main pool was of a good size and the kids loved the slide and small pool. Beach only a short walk away and very clean. Excellent choice of food for buffet breakfast.This hotel is 5 minute walk away from the Jumeriah beach residence which is on the ‘Walk’ and has plenty of restaurants and fast food outlets (including a fish and chip shop). Hotel has a regular shuttle service to all the main malls (just make sure you get there a bit early to guarantee a seat).Would definitely stop here again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Food Nice Rooms - Don't get the hotel Taxis	We stayed for 1 night as we had guests over from the UK. The hotel is quite an old one in Dubai, but has been revamped, and done out again. The rooms are very nice and tastefully done, and the bars we visited were good too, namely the Underground - British pub, and the Polo Bar - Cigar lounge. The pool is nice and a good size and there is good beach access, there is a Teppenyaki restaurant called Munchi which we didnt visit but it is in a tired looking building by the pool, however inside had been done out and looked nice.We visited the Grand Grill for an evening meal, it was outstanding as it is a South African Steakhouse, served, cooked, etc by South Africans, and the team are very knowledgeable. We had a Birthday girl in our party, and the restaurant came over with a cake and performed a tribal dance, which was fine and a nice touch. The steaks were great although they didnt have South African only NZ and AUS and USA meat.The hotel is close to the Marina in Dubai and the newly opened Walk at Jumeirah Beach residence	
Aug 12 2009 	Good Value for Money + Good location However not a 5star hotel and better hotels in Dubai!	Stayed for 3 nights over the weekend, transfer ran smooth but when arrived at hotel queue at check in was large and staff werent very helpful, we were told we couldnt check in our room till 2pm, however we went and asked around 12noon and it was ready. Very busy around the main pool in the day, and the cushions and sunbeds and very tired and dirty and the pool area is not very clean, if you prefer a queiter pool the horizon pool in the 3rd floor is a lot better. The room were clean and the bathroom was fab, we were booked into a tower room on the 22nd floor. Fresh Fruit on arrival and fresh water in the room everyday, turn down service also every day with more fresh water and chocolates. We were half board and therefore ate in the buffet restaurant for breakfast and dinner, food was average and service at breakfast was very slow, dont know if this was because we were there at height of the seaonGood location, free buses to all the malls, however these get very busy so make sure you are waiting for return bus early. Taxi to Aquaventure at Atlantis the Palm 40 aed Taxi to Wild Wadi at Jumeriah Beach Hotel 17 aed Overall this hotel is good value for Money and very good location to explore dubai, however it is not 5star, but you pay for what you get ! will definately return to dubai and would stay again at this hotel	
Aug 7 2009 	Lovely hotel	My wife and i stayed here as part of our honeymoon in the maldives. This hotel is lovely.....room was amazing, we were on the 3rd floor which is the horizon pool level so we had a terrace to sit out on which was a bonus! The hotel is in a great location....taxi to the mall of emirates was about 30 aed. The restaurents were really good, especially the italian, quite expensive but understandable as it s 5 star! The only problem was that at about 3am 2 of the 3 nights we stayed there, the toilets went berzerk making garggling sounds, emptying and refilling?? still do not know why this happened. but, still didnt spoil my time there.....definately returning!	
Aug 7 2009 	not that match	When we first arrive at the hotel we was sebrised with the nice lobby and the restaurants but then we shook when we see the rooms there was an offer for the resort rooms with good price but now we knew why it was good price the room was in very bad location it was in a small low level area outside the whole building with we should get the stears down then go through long smelly whole to reach it the room was larg but old floor and old bathroom ther was no view except the door for the big building in front of the room which is used for the restaurants waiters and servers keep go and come threw the door with the dishes trolleys with very lawed noise 24 hours all the day it was a night mere we couldn’t sleep it was big mistake that I book this hotel and specially the resort roomsThe location of the hotel in near the beach but it is so far from the building and their is no match malls near it you absolutely need car to go to restaurants or shopping	
Aug 7 2009 	Good value	Stayed 3 nights on return leg from Maldives.Booked through Trailfinders. Leeds, (Emma) &amp; obtained best price for Half Board in Tower Club Room. Recommend Club Room benefits as these can save you a fortune.Positives:transfer from Airport included (30min drive), but E mail confirmation ahead to hotel as they had forgotten to book us in &amp; this required hanging about in the Airport for 30 minsbowl of fruit in room on arrivallarger room with balcony (we stayed on 16th floor)private club room lounge (excellent ambiance &amp; service). Free cold drinks/cappuchino+ between 11 &amp; 8. Afternoon cream tea from 3. Free alcoholic drinks from 6 to 8, and pre dinner nibbles......note drinks in the hotel are normally £5 for a bottle of beer &amp; £8 for a glass of wine.1 hour internet access per day (normally £10 per hour)Free bus to Malls (limited service &amp; very busy)Fantastic jewellery price in shop (beating Malls &amp; souk) Negatives:Hotel rooms &amp; especially rooftop pool (sunbeds were appalling) becoming tired &amp; dated. Reception very busy, especially when groups booking inDress code in main restaurant interpreted by some to mean that flip flops, shorts &amp; FCKU t-shirts acceptable.Garden pool facility looked like a 1960's, very poor ButlinsOverall: Rated (by whom?????) as 5 star, whereas this is a 4 star	
Aug 3 2009 	good with average service	I stayed at the Habtoor for 5 nights with family. It was a okay experience, the breakfast was nice the staff were good an repection staff can be a a lil more friendly if they had tired. The worse thing was that the pool closes at 10pm so no chance for a mid-night dip after the sweaty shopping. Just to make our experience worse me and my sister got stuck in the lift on evening for 11 minutes and the hotel manager gave us a complimentary of 'a bowl of fruits' something which they gave everyone each morning and we had never ate of of the fruits from the beginning of our stay...therefore this was really disappointing effort by the hotel and expected better from a 5 star hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	Just OK	I've been to Dubai before and i've stayed in many 5 star hotels. this Hotel was clean and the staff were friendly. The breakfast is OK, but the hotel food is average. Leave the hotel to find better tasting food. Id rate this hotel a 4 star overall.The hotel is close to &quot;The Walk&quot; which has lots of dining options!	
Jul 7 2009 	Disapointed	We had booked a Triple Tower Room which we were advised is one of the best in the hotel. If they moved out some of the furniture they would have been able to put a fold away bed in, but we would have still had to walk over it to get to the bathroom. After much argument we were transfered to a larger room, but had to pay an extra charge. The hotel staff were not very helpful and the Manager was not available to speak to. We thought the pool area needed new sun loungers, they were old and the cushions were very dirty. It was very very expensive to eat and drink in the hotel (e.g. Mars Bar in mini fridge £6.00, Gin/Tonic Beer and a Coke £56.00) If you go take plenty of money. Some more reasonably priced resturants near by which we used. Way too much building works. Again the Dubia Mall was very nice but very expensive.	
Jul 4 2009 	Never staying here again	I just stayed at the Habtoor Grand for two nights. I only chose it because my mother was travelling out to Dubai for a family reunion and had booked a room there and I was planning to meet up with her. When I checked in, the staff insisted on pre-charging my credit card Dhs 1,000. I have never experienced this before - normally, a swipe of the card is enough to show you are good for the money. All I can guess is that this is what happens when you book through a website and pre-pay, as opposed to booking directly with the hotel itself. I guess they thought I was planning to eat, drink and be merry and then run off without paying, with a bathrobe under my arm. As it happened, my only expense was one buffet breakfast, at a cost of Dhs 100, so I am currently waiting for the balance of Dhs 900 to drop off my card. They told me it will take two days, but we will see.So, this set me off on the wrong foot for the visit. However, the room itself was very large and luxurious and the bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. The bathroom was enormous, although some of the designs were not practical. The sink is a glass bowl, set on a sheet of glass, sitting out from a mosaic wall. If you are a splasher, as I am, the water goes out of the sink, on to the glass shelf and then pours off the back of it on to the floor. In addition, the toilet is at right angles to the glass shelf, so if you were to get off the toilet at the wrong angle, you would be in danger of banging your head against the (sharp) corner of the glass shelf. I almost did it myself.The first morning I had the buffet breakfast and it was extremely average. Plus the tables were so close together that my mother and I felt uncomfortable chatting as we were inches away from another lady sitting on her own. It seemed like the hotel wanted to pack as many guests into the space as possible, which was not conducive to a relaxing meal. I vowed not to eat there again.We took a taxi to the Dubai Mall. Taxis are waiting outside the hotel in a queue, but they are not the regular Dubai taxis, but what I call Hotel Taxis. Inotherwords, although they have a meter, the meter is adjusted so that you pay around twice the price for the journey. It takes a couple of times using them before you are aware of this and it is such a rip-off. For example, the journey to the Dubai Mall cost Dhs 72 in one of these taxis, yet when I caught a regular taxi to the airport on my departure, it came to Dhs 62, yet the distance is around double. Can you imagine if they did this in London? There would be an outcry.Check-out is 12 noon, as in most hotels in the world. And as in most hotels in the world, everybody leaves it to the last minute, meaning there is a run on the front desk just before 12, including me. I would say around six couples were standing, waiting to be served, with three ladies working behind the desk. Each of these three ladies was having problems with the person they were checking out. Soon two of them disappeared, leaving only one lady and a crowd of increasingly grizzly customers. I had to leave in the end, as I had a brunch engagement. When I came back after 3:30 to finally check out, they had 8 staff working then. Perhaps they should all have been available at noon?I go to Dubai regularly, but I won't be staying here again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great one	I normally use Hilton as a reference for me, and I think this beats Hilton although it's not an international chain.1- Smiley faces and greetings everywhere, delivering the message of &quot; u r the most welcomed&quot;2- In the room, I found daily free : 2 bottles of water, packs of diff. tea types, Nescafe,....3- I found a nice &quot;rescue&quot; pack :-) having , toothbrush, tooth paste, shaving cream, shaver, ....4- Free shuttle buses to different malls (common service provided by malls to different hotels)5- Location in Dubai Marina of course is marvelous.6- The only bad thing I found is that If I couldn't catch any shuttle bus to go to any mall after my working day, the last trip is by 5-6 PM and they move back from mall by 6-7 PM max!!!!Anyway it's a great experience, thanks all ;-)Amir	
Jun 30 2009 	Fabulous Time	My husband and his parents have just returned from our first visit to Dubai. The Habtoor was everything we could have hoped for and more.. Rooms were very spacious and luxurious and we had clean towels and bottled water replenished twice a day . Staff were helpful and friendly no matter what time of day or night . Plenty fo sunbeds available around the pool area and the swim up pool bar was fun. The infinity pool and the views from it were breathtaking. The choice of restaurants left us spoilt for choice every evening. The underground pub serves delicious snacks and meals and although a bit noisey for the older of our group there was the quieter Polo bar to realx in after dinnerWE will definately be returing to Duabi and the Habtoor	
Jun 15 2009 	To Habtoor with a compliments	I would higly recomend this Hotel to the travelers in Dubai. First of all-it has great rooms, believe me i have traveled a lot. Nice and warm design, really! Hotel is having also a lot of facilities . Staff is very helpful, they are showing the best of hospitality. SPA is great to visit to feel yourself special. Over all- just to relax and have a joy -go to Habtoor Grand. And do not forget to take with you your good mood -otherwise, you are lost and then noone to blame. Good luck to the Hotel , good luck to you!	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Hotel	Facilities, located close to all the major malls, rooms excellent although be careful this is my 3rd time at this hotel and every time I have problems with the check in they never have the reservation and takes about 1 / 2 hours to sort out. Excellent swimming pool, a short walk to private beach, an excellent hotel!!! For family and romantic getaways.	
Jun 12 2009 	Excellent hotel Excellent trip!	We chose the Habtoor Grand for the price but were so happy with our choice. My sister and I visited Dubai for 5 days at the end of May 2009 to relax and have some fun. We were not disappointed! The G.Habtoor was clean, comfortable and ideally located (taxis are cheap!). We stayed in a Tower Sea View room with balcony. Had a lovely view. It was great! (other than the shower flooding the bathroom and the balcony door being stiff - this was sorted during our stay) Our best &quot;find&quot; was the Horizon pool and bar on the 3rd floor! Loved it there and has a great party on a Friday night. Food was good, ate in the breakfast buffet and Lebonese restaurant. Definitely go to the Budda Bar at the Grosvenor Hotel and The Medinat Jumeirah - Pai Thai restaurant. Ski at Ski Dubai - strange to freeze at -3 when you're roasting outside!All in all LOVE LOVE Dubai. Can;t wait to go back and would definitely stay at the Grand Habtoor again.	
Jun 6 2009 	pure bliss	What can I say, The hotel is in a stunning location with lots of great views. There is alot of building around the hotel but this does not disturbe you. There is no noise from the building works. There is a new plan to build next door to the hotel but I dont know when this is planned to start. The hotel its self is fantastic. The rooms were spacious and although not many of the rooms have balconies it did nt seem to matter. The staff were all friendly and very approachable. The service was second to none. All the staff want to help you. The grounds were lovely and the pool was great. Plenty of sunloungers were avalible. The 'Horrizon' pool was out of this world the view was amazing. There was a good choice of places to eat and the food was lovely. In a whole we enjoyed it that much we would go back again	
Jun 5 2009 	Not A Five Star Hotel	We have been to Dubai many times and are well aware that construction is everywhere but this does not cause us a problem. Normally we stay at the Metropolitan Hotel (4*) on the sheikh Zayed Road. We had grandchildren with us this year so decided to stay at a beach hotel. We were told we would have a spacious family room in the tower block, which we looked up on their website, and yes it looked very spacious - but the picture only showed two beds in the room. The room we had although spacious was not a family room; it was exactly as we had seen on the website with two beds for 4 guests. Housekeeping did bring us two more beds which filled the room. Everything in the room was only for two people glasses, cups etc. We were left only two towels &amp; two small bottles of water each night and had to ring housekeeping constantly to bring us 4 of everything. The dress code in restaurant was casual. We told our grandson the wear long trousers for evening meals but found men were wearing shorts and trainers. Not what you would expect for a five star hotel. Prices are extortionate £5 for a can of coke or a bottle of water. £9 for a glass of wine or beer and £10 an hour for the internet. Tip: By soft drinks and wine from airport on arrival coke 20p a can and Bottle of wine from £5The pool is dangerous as it has unmarked steps below the water. The pool area is has no shade and there are not enough sun beds or shades. Nothing for children to do at this hotel.We found the staff helpful.This is a four star hotel charging 5 star prices.Next time I take children, we will stay at the Metropolitan. They have a free shuttle bus to town or beach	
Jun 5 2009 	Could Have been Better !	Wanted to stay at the Mina Seyahi but that was full so opted for this hotel and sadly the reviews already posted pretty much sum up this hotel.Arrived at this hotel 6.30am with my 12yr niece but did not get my room until 2pm. Not great after an overnite flight .. staff were sympathetic but still didn't do anything.We stayed in a seaview tower room, 15th floor, couldn't fault it .. absolutely gorgeous.We were on a halfboard basis, food was a very high standard .. downside you cannot take anything out of dining back to your room, even a piece of fruit which i felt was a very extreme measure from a supposed 5 star hotel.Food/drink prices are very expensive at this hotel, suggest eat out or get an all inclusive. Just to give you an idea, a glass of coke cost £6, kids chicken nuggets and chips meal cost £5 and two scoops of ice-cream cost £6.The hotel itself is very well maintained, but the area around the pool is very run down .. could do with a lick of paint.Around the pool you have loud music played during the day and on thurs/fri/sat evenings, very loud music was played till late to cater for the more younger crowd .. grateful that i was in a tower room. Without trying to sound a snob, you had the true Brit element there which i was keen to escape .. brought down the tone of the hotel.Avoid this hotel .. stay at the Mina Seyahi where you will truly get a 5star experience !	
May 31 2009 	Wonderful Hotel - travel agent review...	Hotel is really nice, no complaints at all. Nice lobby, great staff, my tower room was HUGE, has LCD tv, dvd player (great for kids), walk in rainforest shower, amazing bathroom and seperate looby, its's like an apartment! sofa and chairs, also had a travel cot in the room and buggy and was plenty big!Fruit and water supplied daily in room, the pool is nice with a swim-up area, and the kids pool is shaded and has two slides, has shuttle bus to various outlet places, nice restaurants, and a great little english pub, nice spa! Sell with confidence!!!!Stayed here with family and we had a great time!Beach was really nice, but due to shade and 2yr old spent most of the time around the pool going on the slide!!!!This was my fifth visit to Dubai, i love it!	
May 27 2009 	not a 5 star resort!	purpose of visit was to celebrate our 2nd anniversary. my husband and i booked to go to Phuket and on our return stopped off at Dubai for 4 days.On arrival at this hotel, my husband and i thought- Wow! looks great from the outside- it looked grand- as per the name of the hotel- habtoor grand! we were wrong!the lobby looked nice and clean, however the staff were very unprofessional! during check in- the staff were holding conversations amongst themselves- this was rather annoying when you have been on a long flight and it is 1am! however the lobby staff and luggage porters were fantastic and helpful. whilst taking us and our stuff to the room, the staff gave us a 5 minute overview to the hotel and the surrounding hotel which was beneficial.our promise of a balcony with sea view seemed like a wonderful idea. however, the balcony was so small, there was room to just about stand! but the views from the 20th floor were fantastic. we could see the new atlantis hotel and the burj as well as the Palm jumeirah!the hotel had a bookings help desk, should you want to book a safari/tour of the city- however, there was no staff to advise/book! they also provided maps of dubai with the different sights around the city- however none were available- even after 4 requests! considering we only had 4 days in dubai- our first day was spent trying to find out the sights around dubai - which was a waste. we ended up using an agency outside the hotel!the room was basic, although we were advised it was a club grand suite! required modernisation. at one point we were not given towels!there were two pools, however, they are quite small and over crowded. there were not enough sun loungers for the guests! the spa had a range of treatments listed, however when booking, i was informed that they only have them on certain days, therefore i should have booked well in advance! all in all we were both disappointed with the hotel, amenities and service with this hotel and would definately not recommend this hotel to anyone. during my next visit i would stay at the hotel next door- the royal meriden, it looked 100 times better!	
May 5 2009 	Perfect hotel lovely place to stay	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Habtour Grand, the accommodation and rooms were of a very high standard, pools, sun beds, grounds very good, also a long sandy beach. lots of different restaurants and snack bars. All of the staff were great, extremely helpful nothing was ever too much for them, I felt very safe at this hotel, also it was nice to walk along the mall in the evenings where there where lots of other restaurants if needed. Highly recommended, good for families and also children. Had a wonderful time.	
May 4 2009 	BE AWARE OF THE SWIMMING POOL!	Having stayed in Dubai before I was not too bothered about the building site that greeted us as we arrived, you learn to live with it in Dubai and there wasnt any desruption.The reception staff were ok, nothing like what I would expect from a five star hotel but the rest of the staff around the pool, at breakfast and in the spa were fantastic and extreemely pleasant.On the first day we sat by the main pool nearest the beach. The pool has a few short steps into it but these are not clear at all and are not marked. At the entrance to the pool there is a bubble bed as they called it, when I went to press the button to activate it, I walked into a large corner of the step which was unmarked and had a tile missing. What followed was a large chunk of my knee floating in the pool and copious amounts of blood!I had to sit with a towel wrapped tightly around my leg as my partner went to get help. He went to reception and explained what had happened and the first thing the receptionist said was 'Did anyone see?'I was taken to see a nurse who was fantastic and sorted me out. However, she was aware about where I had had the accident and made no bones about the fact that my leg would be scarred and I could not go in the water! It was over 100 degrees and the first day of my holiday so I was really upset.We tried to contact management as not long after my accident, my partner stubbed his toe on a hidden step leading into the pool bar, there were signs but the writing had rubbed off!After being passed around every pretend manager there was at the hotel, and being told that I couldnt sue as the pool had been inspected my the Dubai municipality and passed. I explained that I wasnt thinking about suing but I had seen several people including kids miss the steps I was told by the operations director that accidents happen and they wouldnt do anything this time, but next time we stayed he would 'Show us a good time!'The pool is dangerous, the steps are unmarked and there are tiles missing all over the pool. I would recommend that you look elsewhere, Jumeriah beach hotel is absolutely fantastic and not much more to stay there, plus the management are great!Just to echo what others have said, yes it is expensive, but then again Dubai is, however, this hotel does accomodate a lot of Russians who can sometimes be quite abrupt! Plus, I know we didnt have to, but a bottle of Moet was £200! What a mark up! You wouldnt pay that at the other hotels!Habtoor, sort out the pool, you are a good 4* but nothing close to the 5* you advertise!!!	
May 2 2009 	Clean hotel efficient staff extortionate prices!	The Habtoor isn't the best of the 5 star hotels in Dubai, but it has more good points than bad. Our first room was OK, it was near the beach and pool. It was VERY dim, just a few lamps here and there, and a small bathroom. It was extremely clean. The double bed was 2 single beds pushed together. You get a lot of noise on a Thurs &amp; Fri night in these rooms from the Munchi bar, that goes on until 2am. We had a (locked) door going through to the next room, and after 3 or 4 nights some extremely noisy russians moved in. They seemed to shout instead of talk, and had their TV on full volume. It was unbearable. On complaining, we were upgraded to a tower view room, which was a lot better than the 1st. A lot lighter, bigger, and a big bathroom with walk in shower. Unfortunately, just as we were about to go to sleep about midnight, the volume from the bar below (the infinity pool moet bar) suddenly went up to a deafening rate. It was like trying to sleep in the middle of a nightclub, even with ear plugs in. This was to go on until 2am. My partner went to reception to complain, where there were several other couples doing the same thing, one girl in tears as she was so tired and hadn't had any sleep for several nights because of this. The manager told my boyfriend 'Well it's the summer, people are here to party'. We got moved again, higher up the tower, where the noise was more bearable. This room again was very nice but no balcony on this one. This one also had a proper double bed. You get a free bowl of fruit on arrival in the rooms, and 2 or more bottles of water delivered free each day. You also get free tea and coffee facilities in each room, although there is no milk provided. There is a shopping centre and small supermarket a 5 min walk up the road where you can get some. The walk from the hotel is through a load of construction sites, but it only takes a few mins.The Staff are very efficient, if anyone's been to the Carribean, it's the opposite to that! Any problems are sorted out extremely fast. The whole hotel is very clean as well. TV in the rooms isn't very good, the only channel from England is BBC News Worldwide. There is also some American channels like Fox movies etc. The plug sockets are the same as the UK so you don't need any adaptors. Taxis are cheaper outside the Meridian, but to be honest, the hotel ones (a lot nicer and safer drivers!) are reasonable prices. It was only £8 to get to the Mall of Emirates.The beach was nice, but huge! It took ages to walk from the main hotel down to the water. It gets very busy around the pool and on the beach on a Fri &amp; Sat (their weekend), as the locals who have membership to the hotel all come in. I couldn't find a spare chair around the main pool on the Friday, and there were only 2 available at the infinity pool.The walk in shower in our room flooded the whole bathroom. I don't know if that was just ours or if they were all the same. The drain seemed to be blocked or just very slow at draining water so you end up stood in water up to your ankles. My boyfriend accidentally left a new bottle of aftershave in the old room, when we were in a rush to move, which was never handed in to lost property (either stolen or thrown away). When we checked out, we were given a bill for some drinks from the mini-bar which we never had. They did take them off the bill in the end though. The main let down of this hotel was the extortionate prices. £5 for a can of coke. A glass of wine about £9 (very small glass!). The same for a beer. £10 an hour for the internet (must be used within 24 hours &amp; quite slow). I would highly recommend walking down to the local shops and restaurants for dinner (of course you can't drink alcohol outside hotels though as it's a dry country). A meal and bottomless coke is a LOT cheaper than the hotel in the local restaurants, the mexican was very nice. If you go to the 360 bar (part of the Jumeirah Beach Hotel - very nice hotel!), the drinks are a bit cheaper, and NEO bar in the city, on the 63rd floor, very posh, next to the world's tallest building), is cheaper alcoholic drinks than The Habtoor!! If you like a drink, get some wine from the airport on your way in. Overall a great stay, but you need money. If I went back, after having seen the Jumeriah Beach Hotel, I would stay there instead. Nicer, and a better location.	
Apr 21 2009 	Lovely hotel really friendly staff.	We booked this hotel with some reservations after reading other reviews on TripAdvisor however we had a really good holiday and felt most of the negative comments from other reviews were unfounded. This was our first time to Dubai and our first choice hotel was the Westin but at the time of booking they were still investigating the Legionnaires disease outbreak and we didn't want to take any chances with our baby (the hotel was subsequently cleared). The Habtoor hotel was very clean and our seaview tower room was quite large and nicely decorated. The staff were extremely good, particularly to our 18 month year old who finished the holiday assuming their job was just to play with her all the time. Service is probably not as attentive as in other 5 stars hotels in the area but it was still good and all staff were very friendly. More so than the Westin which I visited. The kids club was great and the staff there very nice. We used baby-sitters twice and they were good - the baby-sitters are always employed at the hotel which made us feel more comfortable using them. The hotel location was not great as the hotel is surrounded by building works but apart from being unpleasant to look at from the front of the hotel we weren't disturbed by them. The hotel is a few minutes away from a restaurant/shop area called The Walk which provides much cheaper alternatives to eating in the hotel. I can't find too many faults with the hotel - kids play area should have a shade, tower blocks are unsightly but not out of place in Dubai, some items in the room weren't 5 star such as the curtains and the balcony's are too small and high up to be useable. The food in the hotel was good but both food and drink is very expensive (£7/8 pint beer, £9 glass wine). This is the case in all hotels in Dubai - Dubai is in danger of pricing itself out of the tourist market as a holiday destination. The hotel restaurants have 20% off nights which makes a difference. Breakfast got a bit busy towards the end of the holiday when the hotel was almost fully booked. All in all we had a lovely holiday. We would definitely travel back to Dubai but would probably stay at the Ritz Carlton or Westin mainly because the buildings are much nicer, low rise designs.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent stopover on the way back from the Antipodes to the UK	We arrived at 6 30am. We turned down immediate room access when we learnt what it would cost and settled down in the foyer with an excellent coffeee. However at 7 30am, far earlier than we expected, we were shown to our room on the 23rd floor. It was spacious, very well equipped and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was a delight.We stayed two days which helped to get us over the jet lag. Anyone contemplating a similar stay should consider this hotel which is not as expensive as many others but is not in any way scruffy. We would recommend that the Arabian Adventures one day tour of old and new Dubai be taken. It is expensive at c£115 per person but is mind blowing. They will arrange the Airport transfers. A free shuttle bus also transports you to a choice of shopping malls; again an erxperience not to be missed.The indoor pool was closed. The out door pool is a little tired but the adjacent beach is clean and one can walk from it to Dubai's only promenade. The level of service was exccellent. The hotel was not full but pleasantly busy.	
Apr 16 2009 	great value for moneyyet dissapointing compared to other hotels	we spent 14nts at the habtoor grand,have to say check was swift and professional and despite the hotel entrance facing major building work once inside foyer its quickly forgotten!!our suite was large airy and spotless,my husband and i had a large master bedroom with our 2 children having 2 beds in the lounge area.the room had all the usuals ud expect such as daily fruit,turn down service,papers water etc.we opted for a lounge status room which is always a great thing in uae as it allows you to eat breakfast and afternoon tea in a calmer enviroment than the normal buffet restaurant-also the great thing is about these rooms it includes for 2hours every evening unlimited alcohol-which is currently very expensive in dubai,so excellent value for money!!downside was main pool area-cramped,tired and tatty looking swimup bar looked like someone had done a d.i.y job so after forst day we avoided and used the infinity pool which is small yet nice altho nothing up there for kids!a nice bargain experience yet not at all the same standard as jumeriah beach,royal meridien hotels weve stayed in previously!having said that the cost was 2k cheaper for us as a family so you get what you pay for!!nice for a first timer to dubai with nowhere to compare-great value for money!!	
Apr 10 2009 	fabulous	we stayed in the habtoor grand in sept 2008, and after reading some of the reviews on this site was a bit worried. all those worried went out of the window when we got there.our room was fantastic. we stayed in a garden room which had our own deck leading directly onto the pool.rooms were cleaned daily and always spotless.the staff were really friendly. if you want to treat yourself to a slap up meal go to the budda bar which is in the grosvenor hotel opposite the habtoor.its expensive but amazing!!! you cant go wrong staying here. also day trip in the 4x4 jeeps up the sand dunes really good. we flew onto the maldives after 5 days and staying here first was the perfect start to a perfect hliday.	
Apr 7 2009 	Overpriced and over rated!!	Extortionate prices for food drink etc, although the food was reasonable in all of the restaurants we tried in the hotel. The rooms were very average and we had a club room which is supposed to be all singing &amp; dancing. We had 3 adults in the room and paid 3 full adult prices but were given a camp bed which was dreadful and uncomfortable. We had to take turns sleeping on it as it was so bad. We complained time and time again but they din't do anything. I would suggest the Jumeriah Beach which is the same money or the Meridian, they are all better that the Habtoor. It was ovepriced and definately over rated, not a 5* at all .	
Mar 17 2009 	Look out for the	HOTEL - location and roomsOverall our rating of the hotel is that it is a 4* hotel not a 5* (Le Meridien next door we rate as 5* PLUS). Having stayed at the Marina area last year we were well aware of the building works all around but when you are at the main pool you can't hear anything. However in the Tower rooms you can hear some general building noise from about 7:30 am on workdays.The Rooms were spacious and very clean - however if you want to use the DVD player I suggest you take your own DVD's with you - it appeared that the Hotel didn't have a library - we could find no information on this.STAFFAll the Staff (and there are a lot of them) in general were very friendly when everything was ok but not quite so when we had specific queries!FOODWe were on half board basis i.e. breakfast then lunch or dinner in the BUFFET restaurant. But only when we asked we were advised we could get 70 dhms each off the food bills in the other restaurants on the complex (except The Grill room). The Thai restaurant was fabulous and the 25th floor restaurant and bar are also well worth a visit. We found the food in the Underground Pub was pretty good value and was tasty too! Give the Lebanese Restaurant a body swerve though!Every night when turning down your bed the staff will leave you with a discount voucher for THAT NIGHT in one of the restuarants- not much use when its bed-time!FACILITIESLooked like a fairly well equipped gym but the spa element was sadly lacking.A handful of specialist shops were in the hotel but suggest you get out to the malls for some real shopping! Dubai Malls is filling up nicely!NOW THE BAD NEWS.......We had previously agreed with our Travel agent to have an early check-in and late check-out (95% guaranteeed - subject to AVAILABILITY) having travelled overnight we too arrived to have to wait hours until our room was ready. We were advised why not go and have some breakfast! Considering we were already on half-board we thought ok - I wish we hadn't - on check out we were billed 260 dhms for the 'pleasure' (with current exchange rates this works out at over £50!!!! ) so don't get caught out like us - having raised this issue on check-out it took 4 people to get a reduction of only 60 dhms.Then when we asked them to honour the late check-out we were advised that this wasn't subject to availability - it would cost us money to hold our room for more than the alloted time. We did however get 4 extra hours in the room (free) but that still left us 7 1/2 hours to kill!With the £ exchange rate being so bad it really is expensive to have a drink in this hotel a half decent bottle of Sancerre would have cost £100! Happy Hours also aren't what they seem - only some of the drinks are included.We echo other comments re our Eastern European cousins - as a generalisation they are very loud and brash and have no manners and they are in abundance at this hotel!Finally - don't let the hotel staff get you a taxi at the door - they use the more expensive &quot;Private Hire&quot; type taxis which cost almost double the price of the official Dubai Taxis . You can pick up a Duabi taxi at the entrance to the Le Meridien next door.BEST TIP to help you enjoy your stay in this hotel:Make use of the Duty Free in the arrivals hall - you can buy a decent range of wines in here at ok prices - each adult can buy 5 litres of wine or spirits!	
Mar 10 2009 	Lovely hotel with amazing service from all the staff	Reading the tripadvisor on this hotel worried me a bit but we had a great time. Hotel is on a lovely beach front. Arrived at hotel and within minutes were in a garden view room which was beautiful. Every single staff member we met could not do enough to help - so polite. We felt sorry for the staff who seemed to have a fair number of rude people who treated them badly - no need for it at all.Breakfast food was brilliant and very organised. We ate at 8.30 ish as it gets quite busy around 9 am. Drinks at the pool are around £5 for a cola or water and the Underground pub although lively and a great place to drink is expensive, £14 for fosters &amp; cider but you would pay the same in a luxury hotel anywhere in the world !If you want to find some cheaper places to eat and to shop walk out of the hotel take a right and right again past the Le Royal Meridian (totally safe to walk at night as well) and you will find TGI Fridays etc. Yes there is contruction but that will be in Dubai for a long time. Taxi's are cheap - average £8 to get to the Mall of the Emirates. We would have no problem going back to the hotel.	
Mar 7 2009 	Situated in the middle of a building site	We stayed at the Habtoor Grand Resort Hotel on 1st March 2009 for one night as a stop over on our way home from a holiday in South Africa. We booked a Tower Room, we were aware there was &quot;some&quot; construction work nearby, but not to the extent that we found. From their airport the taxi wound its way through the numerous construction sites on every side of the hotel, the hotel itself was very nice, very palatial and very grand. We arrived at the Habtoor Grand at 6am, after a long 11 hour flight from Cape Town, South Africa. We were tired and just wanted to sleep, but were told we couldnt check into our room until 2pm... another 8 hours! We sat in Reception waiting for 5 long hours, we were eventually given our room at 11:30am. We booked through Trailfinders and the room was exactly as pictured on their website, large room, large marble bathroom, king size bed, flat screen tv, sea view. After the long flight and the 5 hour wait for our room we just wanted to sleep. Within 5 minutes of getting into bed, Room Service turned up to COMPLETELY EMPTY the mini bar! When we asked why (we may have wanted a drink!) we were told there was no credit card swipe when we checked in - we werent asked to provide one!, we would have if we had been asked to. Bearing in mind we had paid in advance for our stay (£262 a night), we thought this extremely rude to say the least, certainly not what you would expect from a 5* hotel. The hotel obviously doesnt trust its guests.We had been asleep for an hour when the hotel fire alarm went off, which was broadcast loudly via a tannoy in the room &quot;Warning Incident, Warning Incident Evacuate the Hotel Immediately&quot;!. We rang Reception to check this was correct, and were told it was just a staff fire drill the Receptionist thought it was funny - we didnt. Our patience and impression of the hotel was by now wearing rather thin.Drinks in the hotel were very expensive £5 for a small coca cola at the poolside bar. The hotel's only saving grace was dinner in the Private Dining French Restaurant on the 25th floor, on the roof terrace overlooking &quot;the Palm and Atlantis&quot; with stunning views of the Burj al Arab. Excellent service, excellent food, we would definately recommend it to anyone looking for a romantic candlelit dinner, with fantastic waitress service with stunning views, a great photo opportunity. Breakfast was buffet style in a large restaurant with plenty of choice. We noticed the other guests were mainly eastern european, sadly whose manners left a lot to be desired, nor do they understand the concept of a queue and were rude to the waiters. There were a large number of small children and babies staying in the hotel, which made breakfast rather noisy, not what we expected of a 5* hotel.Inside the hotel is very attractive, large, palatial, and luxurious, with acres of marble corridors and staircases. The staff were pleasant. But the beach wasnt clean, lots of litter, there was construction going on all around the hotel, on both sides, the air was dusty and &quot;smoggy&quot; from the building work. You cant go for a walk outside the hotel due to the building sites, you need a taxi to go everywhere. Taxis are easily available from the hotel concierge within seconds.We were disappointed with Dubai, its basically a huge building site with cranes everywhere, and half built glass tower blocks, do visit the &quot;Mall of the Emirates&quot;, for tax free shopping. We wouldnt return to the Habtoor Grand Resort, we thought it was overpriced with extortionate drinks prices. We were glad we were only there for 1 night.	
Feb 22 2009 	Wonderful Hotel to stay in	The Habtoor Grand was a lovely hotel to stay in. Staff were friendly and efficient couldnt ask for more. Food was excellent but drinks were very expensive in the restaurants and bars. The Spa was great and very clean as was the gym. For a short break this hotel fits the bill. Unfortunately outside of the hotel the surrounding area is just a construction site but it really didnt bother us once inside the hotel. Would definately visit the Habtoor Grand again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent customer service pleasant hotel	After reading the other reviews here I was a bit concerned about this hotel, but my experience couldn't have been more different from some unlucky reviewers'. This is a perfectly good hotel, not five star luxury maybe but comfortable and with very decent facilities. Thanks to the credit crunch the building sites that surround the hotel are mostly silent, so there was absolutely no building noise inside the buildings and virtually none even when outside on the beach or in the pool (which is gorgeous).Also, I am shocked to read all the negative comments about the staff at the hotel. My family could not have been treated with more courtesy and friendliness, especially when my toddler became very unwell with an infection (nothing to do with the hotel!). The hotel nurse was summonsed to us and was lovely, transport was provided (free) to and from hospital, they even sent packages of food from the hotel restaurants for me when no food was provided by the hospital. And when we returned, fully recovered, a few days later my son was treated like a celebrity and welcomed back by loads of staff who made a fuss of him and were fantastic.Not a great holiday for us, but absolutely no fault of this friendly, comfortable hotel. Go, and judge for yourself - we got a very good deal on the internet and found it excellent value.	
Feb 15 2009 	Perfect beachresort in Dubai	This was a good surprise, we can`t understand the critics from other reviews. We had an early arrival as we flew in from Bangkok. The room wasn`t ready, but we spend some time around the horisont pool i the 3rd floor. Actually the staff had been looking for us at the other pool because the room was ready for us much earlier. We got a very nice sea view room in the tallest tower in the 21 floor. Very nice and clean with dvd player, flat screen tv and fresh fruit every day and complimentery water. Bathroom was big with both a shower and a bathtub. The hotel garden was very nice with a huge beach and gras area with tennis playing areas. By the beach you could go for a ride on a camel, it was funny! By the big pool there was always sunbeds available even if we came late. At the beach, the big pool, horisont pool and in the gardens there were places to have a drink or eat. We liked the location, but you must take a taxi to the malls or the city. Around 80-90 dhs to the airport. The Lexus taxi from the hotel? is around 20 dhs (to the mall) more expensive than the regular taxis. The malls provides free shuttel bus from the hotel, we would like to recommend Mall of The Emirates, because in the Dubai Mall a lots of the fashionshops has not been ready yet! For nightlife the Buddah Bar is situated at The Grosvenor House across the road/building site, make an appoinment because it`s very popular! And if you wan`t a drink in the Sky Bar at Burj Al Arab, be sure to make an appoinment first or you will not get access to the hotel at all. The drink prices are almost the same at the Habtoor hotel, but if you want to see the view over the city and sea, we recommend you to go for an afternoon tea, because we didn`t see much in the evening.When you visit Dubai, be sure to book a desert safari, the dune bashing is very funny!If you want a hotel with beach access, big pools (much bigger than the Le Meridien Royal) and a very service minded staff we`ll recommend this hotel, we enjoyed our stay very much. It deserves 5 stars!	
Jan 28 2009 	Nightmare definitely not a good experience	I stayed here a couple of years ago (Feb 07) with my mum, sister and nephew (who was 18 months old at the time).We arrive at the hotel in the evening and endured a 2 hour wait (until around 10pm) for our room, by this time, we were tired, wanted to just shower, eat and sleep (especially with the youngster).When we eventually arrived at our room, there was no water! It took an hour or so for us to be moved. At the 2nd room, there was no hot water! At this point, we were so fed up, we ordered room service and had a plumber working in the room, the water was never repaired properly that night and we were forced to have cold showers. Despite requesting to speak to management, there was never an apology and in fact, we found the staff quite rude. We could not wait for our 4 night stay to be over as we were then heading over to Goa. Would not recommend this hotel at all, definitely not a 4 star hotel. Also, the hotel is right in the middle of a building site and as you step out, the air is just full of smog and dust. Definitely would not go back.	
Jan 7 2009 	a pleasant stay	This hotel is well located along the Jumeirah Beach but is far from the airport, Creek and old markets and you will need to take a taxi everywhere you want to go (better to choose taxi outside the hotel because hotel cars are much more expensive).Service at check in was not very nice: we arrived about 11 am but the lady told us that check in was at 2 pm…..we stayed 3 hours in the lobby , we asked many times the room, but nothing…we had to wait till 2 pm (and I don’t think the hotel was fully booked). We stayed in a tower sea view room : the room was very nice and well decorated, clean and well equipped; bathroom with luxury amenities was absolutely very good. There was construction going on around the hotel during our stay and there was some noise.Breakfast was various and good; we ate at Thai restaurant, lovely interior and excellent food, great experience.Pool and grounds are beautiful, along the garden pool there are numerous sun loungers and sun umbrellas. We stayed there in august and the water in the pool was cooled (very pleasant when temperatures outside were 50 degrees!). T his hotel also owns a large private beach where you can take a relaxing break . In august the sea water is boiling hot… you try and see!All in all a pleasant stay.	
Dec 24 2008 	Great place to relax on the beach	Arrived after a 9 buzzing days in deirra and this was much needed.Relaxing and peaceful it is a great place to unwind.The food at the buffets was top quality and changed every day.Staff were very friendly and fresh fruit and newspapers delivered every day.The beach was clean and plenty of space available, the pools also very good.A DVD player in the room was a nice touch and the bathrooms were spot on with a bath and separate shower.	
Dec 7 2008	Overpriced and not a 5 star experience	We stayed at the Habtoor Grand for one night and were glad that we weren't staying any longer! We booked directly with the Habtoor and were allocated a resort room. The resort rooms are in the grounds but are the original and therefore oldest part of the hotel. Our room was terrible, damp and peeling walls, old fixtures and the view from the balcony was a wooden fence. Be warned the only thing 5 star about the resort rooms is the price! I would rate the rooms as a 3 star at the very most. Just make sure they specify if you have a resort room or tower room when you book. We requested to move rooms and because the hotel had availability were moved to the tower where the rooms were much better. Having said this we were woken at 7.30am by internal drilling and hammering. On calling reception they maintained that no work was taking place in the hotel. We had to go and investigate ourselves to find internal works in the hotel. It took 4 calls to reception for them to send someone to stop the noise. They were apologetic but did not understand our point that internal building work should not take place at that time of day near guest rooms. Lastly ensure that you are charged the correct rate on checking out, our room rate included airport transfers but these were added to the bill separately so increasing the bill by £70. If the transfer is not included in your rate just opt for a taxi from the rank outside the hotel, this was a third of the hotel car cost at approx £12 one way to the international airport.	
Dec 2 2008	Lovely Hotel shame about the prices	This is a lovely hotel. In a European destination it would be a very good 5 star, but in Dubai it is considered a good 4 star. Service is very good and staff are friendly. Gym is excellent and free. Rooms are of a nice size, well decorated and furnished with nice bathrooms. Water is complementary and we had complementary fruit. There is a turn down service and they leave nice chocolates on your bed! Robes, slippers and pool towels are provided. Friends of ours stopped next door at the Royal Meridien, and this was a 5+ star. The only reason we didn't stop there was because they didn't do a 4 bedded room for 2 adults and 2 children.The pools have lifeguards and they are on the ball! Water slide is great. Better than the Wild Wadi park as they are free. Wild wadi is £40 p/p even children over 1.1mtr!! and there are only really 5 rides! The grill bar in the hotel tried to charge us £60.00 per steak They showed us a steak that wasn't on the menu, we thought it was so we ordered it thinking it was only £27.00 per steak. (they offer the same cut of steak from different countries/ grades) When the bill came we about choked! The waiter tried to say he confirmed the price beforehand, but he didn't or we wouldn't have ordered it. The manager was called and just deducted the over charge. Be careful and check how much you are paying before you order. Children are not allowed in bars that do not serve food ( must be over 21). Bars and restaurants not attached to hotels do not serve alcohol. Alcohol cannot be bought from suprmarkets. Drinks prices range considerably approx £6-11 for a pint or bottle of beer. Food although not cheap is very good, we didn't have a bad meal. Would recommend Frankie Detoris restaurant. Building work is carried out 24/7 so there is a constant background noise, but you do get used to it!Would go back when building work finished and go half board or all inclusive next time as holiday was very hotel based when it came to food and drink.Sea and beaches are excellent. Same electricity supply as ours	
Nov 23 2008 	Not a five star experience	We arrived at the hotel at about 1:30am to find it surrounded by building work. This was something we knew about only it was worse than you can imagine. It's a shame you are not compensated for this and given a better deal on the room rate. Dubai is in danger of outpricing itself.We had to quite literally suffer &quot;check in.&quot; Our 8-year-old daughter was very tired and only wanted to go to bed. Firstly we were accused of queue jumping, as you can imagine at that time of the morning there are hardly any people before you. Then we had to deal with staff who hardly knew their job. We were then left standing there while all of reception went and dealt with a gentleman complaining. I finally found someone who was free and pointed out to him that it was very late and we wanted to get to our room asap.Finally we got to our room to find our daughters bed wasn't in the room. We waited for housekeeping to bring one. The whole episode had taken over an hour and it was now past 2:30am in the morning. The room itself was nice and big and fortunately for us we didn't overlook much building work.In the morning we wandered down to breakfast to experience the whole &quot;package deal&quot; scenario. I have never been to what is supposed to be a five star hotel before and had such treatment. Thank goodness the food was okay because otherwise I would have been checking out.On a plus note, our daughter had a great time swimming all day,every day. The pool area was very good and the weather was fantastic. The food and service in the Underground Pub was very good and the the Italian restaurant was very pleasant too. However, the hotel does not fit my expectations of a five star establishment; average four star is more like it, with the breakfast scrum-down a three-star affair.On the whole our holiday in Dubai was okay. We've been before and so were unpleasantly surprised by the cost of everything! The first year we went, only 3 years ago, we paid £100 a night for our hotel and this time we paid £300! As I said earlier, Dubai has become very expensive. The service is not as good as it was and as for the building work, 'too much too soon' springs to mind.	
Nov 23 2008 	A place which doesnt deserve your time and money	have stayed for 1 week in this hotel and just returned in my country from a hospital there in a hospital here (this was &quot; the cherry&quot; on the cake. how ironic!. tell you at the end).I went for the second time in Dubai with my husband. He had to go for business, I was for 1 week just the lady, doing nothing. Do not start to envy me. It was not at all a good ideea to go. It will be a long description but I swear is the truth and nothing but the truth. I regret I didnt read before going the Trip Advisor reviews. Now I see there are many negative review and honestly understand why. The one who placed only positive on this hotel they could have only 2 reasons:- they never stayed before in a real 5 stars hotel (or they did, but it was a similar lauzy 5 stars)- they paid a cheap tariff per room, so they didnt have too much expectations.Howeevr we got very nervous when we found out that the russian having vacations there, are paying 170 euros/ night, while we did 430 euros. And its full of uneducated russina there. Sorry iam not rasist in any way (actually Iam coming from a former comunist country) but I never met in my life other cad/ boor people than the russians. Iam sure there are also nice and decent people in Russia.Oh, and guess what, if you call the reception and ask the tariff they will tell you the price is 700 euros/ night. ha ha ha. What a nerv they have. ( i saw a review of an english guy tellinghe was asked for 500 pounds/ nights. He is not lieying believe me)The hotel:- We arrived at 2 oclock in the night so hotel looked Ok but definately not a nice stylish 5 stars hotel. Well in the morning, we didnt need a clock to wake us up. Starting 5 oclock we heard tremendous noise and of course we woke up. Oh my God, what a scenary looking on the window. Imagine, we asked a nice sea view room (for which we paid 430 Euro- my husband from his company account was stupid to pay such amount) and now watching on the window, left we see a nice corner-wall, left-front a bit of a see, and front and full right, an enourmous construction building site. Jesus it was 5oclock Dubai time and lot of people working there, making hell of a noise. Of course in the morning, I went to the reception and asked for changing the room. Actually that was not a sea view room. After I spoke with 3 reception employees (girls) and of course they were saying &quot; sorry we cannot help you &quot; blah blah, trying to send me from one person to another, loosing my &quot; lady attitude&quot; I started to shout and make scandal. Finally they placed me next to the reception where is a desk with achair, to wait for the responsible person coming there. I stayed 10 minutes, nobosy was coming so I saw a guy on the reception desk and went directly to him. I explained once more, that we paid a certain big amount for ahving a nice warm, sea view room (which was confirmed) and what we got? Smiling nice, talking psicologically and making him feel smart , finally he came and said he will offer us a suite, but of course with no sea view, because they have only few room with sea view and all are full. So they lied us when they confirmed the full sea view room.The suite was spacy, no complain, facing a lateral of the left tower, overlooking the next hotel, very small and far view of the sea, and a nother construction site, but much less noisy. The decoration OK, not impressive, and of course with oriental design. The bed was great.The restaurants: all of them good enough food, but some of them too expensive and the decoration very very poor for a reastaurant in a 5 stars hotel. Thai food great, libanesse was loved by my husband, steak house as well and the italian ok, although they need a real italian cook, as they have no clue how really a lasagna or calamari have to be cooked.Breakfast: we stayed many many times all over the world in only 4and 5 stars hotel, so I really believe I have an enough authorized opinion how to rate a breakfast. This one doesnt deserve a 5 stars for sure. Mainly variation of bread and some eggs. The best thing you find smoked salmon and fresh orange juice.The pool: nice enough, you find sunbeds. The music on the pool bar is either reggaeton or Mozart. Definatelly they have only 2 CD's and they run them continuosly.The beach; this is the place I loved, but the beach is the same e\verywhere, so the hotel doesnt have any apport on it. The see wather was great.The personell: most of them trying to look nice, but you can see it it is forced. They are underpayed and not happy. They get bed and food from the hotel and they receive very low salaries like 300 euros/ month. Hearing this it was easilty for me to realize why they afford at the entry 5 people staying, basically doing nothing because only 1 or 2 cars can arrive in that space in the same time. But they were there watching and doing nothing just for a 5 stars impression maybe.Taxi: be aware that the maitre from the entry has his own arragements and he is always trying to place you as a cab a private car not labeled as a taxi (assualy white cars). DO NOT ACCEPT IT. Ask for a normal taxi. He will insist. But insist too and finally you will get it.This white car is a private sly who is charging you at least 50% from the normal price. They have in the car a billing machine, but they never use it. I didnt left the hotel, but my husband did almost every day and he discovered &quot; the trick&quot;.Taking in consideration my situation ( i have been infected during my stay with a local parasit called Amiba and that's why my last 2 days in Dubai I stayed in a hospital there and now Iam in my country in the hospital having a lot of time to write this review), be aware of the fact that in this country everywhere there are this kind of parasits. I didnt know before, but now I red a lot on Internet. Parasits are brought by the infected working there like indians and pakistanesse, htey are probably 60-70% of the people working there. Of course if you read, you will see than mainly these parasits are causing troubles to people coming from other regions than tropical, like Europe and North America. So whatever you eat, if its not cooked well wash it very well. Do not drink anything with ice, because they make ice from normal sink water and God knows what this contains.(parasits are living in icecream and ice cubes and ussually in what is water or wet. Iam not gonna complain to the hotel about my infection, because for sure they dont care and dont know that they may have infected people and basically I cannot prove it, although I ate and stayed only in the hotel. I f you go with kids, so no let them to lick their fingers.I discovered in the hospital more Europeans having the same. For sure there are more people having it, but the incubation period id between 2 to 90 days, so to some people the disseas starts later when they probably never think they took a parasit when they've been in Dubai.Overall about the hotel: choose another one or go there but dont pay more than 150-170 euros per night..Read carefully before the reviews. Iam very happy that this Trip Advisor exists. It was more easy for me to choose the hotel for the New Year in Tenerife. PS: excuse my wrtting if i was mistaken so now and then (Iam not native english speaker but I love this language :)	
Nov 18 2008 	Be Warned!!!	We have just come back which should have been a weeks relaxatation to celebrate my birthday turned out to be week of hell with no sleep due to mass of building work going on right next to hotel they are building 8 apartment blocks plus 1 hotel @ the moment they are drilling an piling the noise is horrific we had very little sleep i complained 3 times they are not interested in 1 bit in customer care they couldnt offer me anything not even another room i asked if they could give us some club benefits and she said no they cost money excellent customer service I DONT THINK SO!!!This is the 3rd time we have stayed here over 6 yr period thinking it might have improved but to no avail, we have been now to dubai approx 20 times and had some fabulous times and we love it normally the hotels we are used to cannot do enough for you but not @ haabtoor grand!!	
Nov 8 2008 	A bit of Posh- if you liek that sort of thing!	We chose Dubai for a one night stopover to break up the journey back from Southern India to London. For those thinking of doing a similar thing- don't! Dubai is a great airport for a two hour break on a longhaul journey- time to stretch your legs, ciggie break or just shop until you drop at the amazing Duty Free, but leaving/arriving at the airport is another matter. Until they build the new airport we would advise against a short stopover. Queues through immigration took over an hour and similar story with check in- it's not the fault of the airport which is super efficient but just that there are too many people passing through it.By the time we got out of the airport we were a bit tired and grumpy, the transfer was also quite a long trek of maybe 45 minutes to an hour. My grumpiness didn't improve much on having a bit of a wait to check in at the hotel, although Rachael's spirits lifted somewhat with the sheer elegance of the hotel. We were given an upgrade, whether this was due to the wait of 20 minutes or so wasn't clear, but you couldn't fault the room. A little canape tray of fruits and chocolate awaited us along with the luxuries of a bath, separate shower, robes and a selection of posh smellies. I'd have been happier in a grotty hotel with a balcony but Rachael loved the extras.The hotel is probably typical for Dubai- a huge complex with various restaurants, two pools and a beach. There were lots of nice architectural touches as well with various sculptures and paintings dotted around the place. The hotel runs shuttle busses to the main shopping complexes, although we were too late to take these in and all we had time for was a quick dip in the pool and an evening meal. The assortment of restaurants catering for every possible taste were all quite pricey and I always feel uncomfortable anywhere that prints a list of dress codes next to each restaurant. We settled for the Italian one and had a lovely meal (in casuals!) which was not too costly.Breakfast buffet was excellent, the restaurant was very crowded and only just kept up with the numbers going in as others came out, but it had pretty much anything you could have wanted.Rachael loved a bit of posh to finish off the holiday. I could see it was a good hotel but not definitely not my style- was about to give it 3 stars and Rachael looked at me shocked- 'fantastic' was her reply! 4 stars it is then!	
Nov 5 2008 	Great stay	After weeks of reading negative reviews on here my partner and I were very worried about staying in the Habtoor Grand. But all that worry was pointless as we do not have one negative thing to say about the hotel, staff or our stay. We were staying in a Club Room and our airport transfers were included, we had a lovely and comfortable transfer with our friendly driver who pointed out all the changes since we were here last year. We checked in with no problem, the lady was friendly and we were taken up to our room with our luggage following. The room itself was very spacious and better then we expected, the bed was huge and there was plenty of wardrobe space for all my clothes. There was fresh fruit on the side with a bottle of water each every day. It was cleaned every day and very well kept. And I loved the chocolates on the bed every night. The bathroom was lovely and big too having both a bath and shower and all the amenities you need supplied and re-stocked each day. We stayed mainly round the main pool. We never had trouble finding a sun longer, we went down about 9am each morning and it was pretty empty at this time. There is a separate kid’s area with a little pool and a slide – which I decided I was too old for. The pool area was always clean and they were very good at taking food and drink orders. The food round the pool is of a higher price but it is good food. We had walks on the beach most afternoons and there is a bar at the top. The beach is clean and not that busy. We ate at a few restaurants at the hotel and never had one bad meal. The steak place at the side of reception was lovely! The prices were very reasonable and the food was very nice, and make sure to tell them if it is your birthday – it’s very entertaining. The Thai restaurant by the beach was great, the food was so nice and the service was great again the price was very reasonable and if we had time we defiantly would have returned here. Our favourite place was the restaurant on the 25th floor. The food was at such a high standard and the service was first class. The selection of food is very good and my partner even opted for the Kangaroo. The chef came to our table to make sure everything was ok for us, which just topped off the meal and amazing views from the balcony. Included in the club room was breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour drinks. Breakfast was great; it had such a wide selection. We never made afternoon tea. But happy hour – we defiantly made that. The lounge was such a nice setting for drinks before going out for dinner. There was a choice between wine and beer with a small selection of finger foods on the side. I would defiantly recommend taking advantage of these perks. Worth mentioning though men must wear trousers and close toe shoes to the lounge at night. No rules for women. We did find that the taxi’s that the hotel used were a higher rate then the normal taxis, so if a normal taxi was there we jumped in. There is construction work going on all around the hotel, it is close and can be heard. But if I am totally honest after the first few minutes of the first day I never noticed it again. It became less then a back ground noise but I can see why people can find this a problem but we really didn’t. It’s to be expected in Dubai and construction work surrounds most hotels in the area. One of the highlights of the holiday had to be having a top 10 in the world women’s tennis player staying in the hotel. Ana Ivanovic. We used to watch he practice on the tennis courts during the day and before we went up to get ready at night. Not many people recognised her so the court was pretty empty which was good. She didn’t have any problems with people watching. We would both stay here again with out any question and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great hotel.	
Nov 3 2008 	Not a good idea!	Just a very quick word of warning!I recently flew back from Mauritius into Dubai and had a few days stop over. Due to the fact that i only had a few hours notice before i arrived i was left with a choice of only 2 hotels, the Habtoor Grand or the Grovenor.Due to the late booking the hotel was trying to charge me £550.00 per night!After walking into the hotel, i immeadiatly turned around and walked out into a taxi to the Grovenor which was half the price!Why any body would pay more than £150.00 per night is a mystery.After reading the other bad reports on the hotel, they were right, stay some where else!The Grovenor was lovely!	
Nov 3 2008 	Loved this hotel amazing!	My fiancé and I stayed here back in May 2008, and we had an amazing time there. Admittedly there was construction going on around the hotel but this took nothing away from the Habtoor. We paid for the upgraded CLUB service, this included private transfers to &amp; from the airport (in a brand new Shogun), our club room was on club on floor and it was pure luxury from the bathroom to the bed, fruit every day. Turn down and chocolate service every evening. Breakfast in the penthouse lounge every morning and high tea in the afternoon.The staff were brilliant and could never do enough for you. Drinks and food were expensive inside the hotel, but we got our own from the local mall. Free bus service runs from the hotel to all the malls.Swimming pools and private beach were also great, no complaints of any sort.	
Oct 27 2008 	Nice stay at the Habtoor Grand	I have just spent a week at the Habtoor Grand and can only say that the time we spent there was fabulous. There are a lot of conflicting reviews regarding this hotel and I was starting worry before we left England that it would be terrible, however I was proved wrong.We arrived late night and we were greeted pleasantly by the reception staff. As in all hotels they do ask for your credit card to cover any extras but we decided to politely decline and this was no problem at all. It simply means that you have to have cash on you to pay for things as you go - personally I find this an easier option.Our room was very nice, large bed, complimentary water, fruit, chocolates etc. It was very clean and was cleaned daily by the staff. As we were staying in a Club room this enables you to use the Club Lounge on the 25th floor. Here you can have breakfast - avoiding the hoards downstairs, afternoon tea and drinks between 6-8pm all complimentary. The staff in the Club Lounge are very polite and nothing is too much trouble.We ate in three of the restaurants, the Lebanese, Italian and Grand Grill all were nice and we enjoyed the food. One word of advice here though if you like a glass of wine with your meal be aware that its not cheap. I had two glasses of wine in the Grand Grill for 130dhs approx £20. The beers and spirits are more reasonable.The pool area is nice but is very busy, we tended to use the beach more as was less busy and only a short stroll through from the hotel. There you can choose to sit on the beach or in the gardens.The hotel is in time going to be in a prime position on the Jumeirah beach hotel scene, however at the present time there is a lot of building work going on around the hotel. You will need to get a taxi everywhere as impossible to walk from hotel. That said though surprisingly the building work did not spoil our holiday, we took very little notice of it.Overall we thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Habtoor and would definitely go back again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good service but surrounded by at least 17 cranes	The hotel you could not fault for service, cleanliness and comfort. However, why were we not told about the 17 cranes surrounding it! &amp; £9 for half a glass of wine &amp; £4 a can of pop everywhere you go in Dubai. The malls are not glamourous they are like any old shopping centre &amp; this place do not believe bargains 7 duty free as nothing here is cheap except the cabs. The banana boat ride was £50 per person. They cannot charge these prices when you hear banging from 530 am till midnight surely??? Marketing scam of this city.	
Oct 26 2008 	fantastic	we were met at baggage reclaim and taken to our transfer car.swift 30min journey by a very nice guy who pointed out the sights on the way.check in was smooth and pricise.room well, out of this world.we were worried about negative reports but found the place to have the 5star touches we expaected .we had a sea view room on the 9th floor which was spotless and had everything we needed.room made up twice a day.birthday cake and card left for me.try out the infinity pool on 3rd floor as its quiter than the beach.used the under ground pub at the hotel which had happy hour and a very briitsh feel.for those who smoke then you can there. Conciege was very good and the taxi are so cheap that we used them all the time.food at the hotel was great, plenty of choice for breakfast.We had dinner one evening at the grill which is along side reception.Outside on the terrace with a nice breeze though still very warm. cost was around £75 for the two of us and this included drinks.food was out off this world and service was great.all round we cant wait to go back.no mossies at all .be warned £5 for a small can of beer at the pool.pints in the underground pub are cheaper.20 min cab ride plus 35 mins waiting and return cost me £13 !!! bargin eh.any questions then just ask .light sleeper? take ear plugs.building work 24/7cfc	
Oct 25 2008 	very nice resort	My wife and I stayed at Dubai Habtoor Grand Resort and Spa for 06 nights on April 2008.We enjoyed so much the days we stayed there.The room is a very good size, well equiped, the bathrooms amenities is absolutely very good.The swimming pools, the gym,the lobby and the restaurants are very good too.there´s free valet parking .We didn´t use but there´s free transfers to the main shopping malls and to Burj Dubai .The hotel is well located near the main Dubai's shopping malls, the Burj al Arab, the Ski Dubai,etc and .Yes,I recommend this hotel if you would like to visit Dubai.	
Oct 19 2008 	Next to a Building Site - Do Not Stay Here If You're A Light Sleeper!	I stayed for a week at the Habtoor Grand and this was undoubtedly the worst experience I have had in my several holidays in Dubai. They are building a promenade next to the hotel which will have five or so large buildings so expect construction noise from the early hours and lasting all day.On top of this the Customer Service is terrible and almost rude at times. Inept would not be a strong enough word.The hotel is showing it's age, the pool area often had a strong smell of vinegar or worse and is dated. It wouldn't surprise me if they still have their original beds and towels looking at the state of them.The only positives I can give are that breakfast is good and the aircon systems in the tower rooms are good and extemely quiet which would be great if not for all the building work.If you are to stay I would advise a pool facing room or if in the towers don't get an ocean view room as whilst they have balconies the sound proofing is terrible.	
Oct 19 2008 	Not a five star hotel	The Habtoor Grand is in no position to claim to be a five star hotel. Service is confused, incompetent and surly, particularly the front desk. Rooms (we stayed in a tower room) were clean, bright and airy but not luxurious. Restaurants largely OK, apart from the pool bar, which is rank. Pool area distinctly shabby, not too clean and occasionally did not smell good. Clientele not of the highest quality to say the least - previous reviewer mentioned dodgy Russians and chavs; spot on.	
Oct 10 2008 	Among the Best in Dubai	Habtoor Grand is an outstanding hotel with impeccable standards, set on the famous Jumeirah Beach stretch.As for the funny name then its named after the founder Khalaf al-Habtoor, another self-made billionaire. Apparently his was one of the first construction companies in Dubai going back to the early 70's. He now runs a large conglomerate, with 'Al-Habtoor' flags flying high over Dubai. It's difficult to imagine the kind of wealth men like him possess. They make Chelsea owner Abravomich look skint.Anyway back to the hotel. Check-in was easy despite arriving 2 hours early! I've read reports of additional charges being levied or sent to a holding room, but not us. Fatima at reception sent us straight to our room. Hotel staff accompanied us to the tower room and demonstrated the use of the key! It wasn't a typical swipe card, instead it was magnetised coin. I've kept it as a souvenir and now lives happily on my fridge!The hotel staff were extremely polite - every smile and hello goes a long way in my book.Valet parking, concierge, reception, restaurant, fitness, spa, beach, swimming pool and room service staff were excellent. Room service were exceptional. They turned our rooms, twice a day, everyday and left complimentary fruit and chocolates.Dont believe any negative comments EXCEPT for the building work around the area. Habtoor lies on the right over the Marina Bridge where high-rises are still springing up. Access by road is somewhat convoluted due to the temporary roads and roundabouts. You are required to drive over the bridge, pass Habtoor on the right, take a sharp right before the Jumeira Beach Residences and then right again.There is also no pedestrian access to the hotel.It's a gem of a hotel. All this comes at a cost. If you can afford £200 (GBP) per night then Habtoor Grand is the place for you.As always, happy to answer questions.	
Oct 10 2008 	5 star Luxury	Absolutely enjoyed staying at the Habtoor, 5 Star luxury all the way. Facilities first class. No complaints at all, attention to detail was superb, nothing was too much trouble.	
Oct 6 2008 	Not too impressed with the 'Chavtoor'	If you're an overweight chav or Russian, this may be the perfect hotel for you! If not, then I'd stay clear. We paid a sizable amount to stay in the Habtoor, and despite having been upgraded to a larger room, we were still not overly impressed with it. The decor was dated, and the room quite shabby - a chunk of floor was missing, the curtains were half falling down, and the bathroom was positively basic compared to a hotel of the same rating we'd stayed in just days before.It must be said that the pool and grounds, and beach are all beautiful. We ate at one of the restaurants (Luciano's by the pool) and found it to be quite overpriced (this was our opinion of all the restaurants/bars/room service) at the hotel, and the food wasn't overly impressive either. We saw the Habtoor advertised for quite a good rate on lastminute a few weeks before we ended up booking, it was gone when we went to book so we went directly through the hotel (for a lot more than lastminute was displaying the room). I imagine that the hotel would be passable and acceptable if you'd got a good price, and possibly an all-inclusive deal, which I believe some of the clientele may have had, as it didn't quite add up that 90% of the people by the pool looked like they'd be more at home at Holiday Inn than a 5 star resort and spa in Dubai.Overall, I've stayed in worse places than the Habtoor, but also much better places. If you get a good deal, and don't expect a 'full 5 star experience' (in terms of quality of rooms, food and customer service) then I would recommend the Habtoor, however I'd definitely recommend checking out what other options there are before settling on this one!	
Oct 5 2008	fantastic hotel will defo be going again loved it	Really enjoyed staying at the hotel, i went with my sister and they had no twin beds so they upgraded us to a different bigger room straight away were there was two beds this was really nice. great views from our tower room which was on the 14th floor room 1401. service is fantastic. cant say a bad word against the hotel, will defo be going again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Abominable service!	The hotel is ok. But the management is beyond all belief when problems created by their own staff have to be sorted out. Rather stay in a 2 star hotel managed in honesty and most of all goodwill than in a 5 star palace managed by a myriad of everchanging, contradictory hotel agents. My words do seem harsh, but words do still fail me. Money just seems to flow in, the odd problem which one or the other guest might have, can quietly if not arrogantly if not even worse be overlooked. For guests on business trips some laidbackness with the money of others by the part of the hotel may be a lesser problem, for all other guests it's a major problem for not saying more. My wife thought used to a lot of travelling in both euorpean and arabic countries has been most affected by this and has never seen the like of it. Unfortunately this confirms some other reports, we have just been reading on this website.	
Sep 28 2008	habtoor grand hotel	We are writing to warn you before you decide to stay at the Habtoor Grand hotel in Dubai. Firstly the level of hygeine was unacceptable. There were stains all over the carpets, curtains and linen. The toilet was disgusting and had used toilet paper stuck too it!!! The customer service did not exist. The staff were unattentive and did not care. During one breakfast our table got given away three times while we went to get our breakfast. We did not even get a sorry. We conveyed our dissapointment. We were told a manager would see us but that never happened.There are so many better hotels in dubai but if your looking for a one star hotel for the price of a five star then this is the hotel for you.	
Sep 22 2008 	we loved it	We stayed here for my husbands birthday and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a problem at first, after a night flight we arrived at about 12.30 only to be told we would have to wait 2 hours for a room, but they did show us to a communal room where we could chill out. We only had to wait an hour and we got upgraded to a pool view room, well i say room, it was more like a suite, it was lovely.  There was building work going on around the hotel but we never heard any drilling and it didn't take anything away from our holiday, most of dubai is like a building site anyway!! The pool area was lovely and so was the hotel beach. We went half board and loved the food, every night was a different theme, indian, chinese, grilled meats. The breakfast was very good as well. We did spend a few nights in the underground bar and found the drinks quite expensive, but we found that all over dubai. I found the restaurant and bar staff very friendly.  On my husbands birthday they left a cake and card in the room, we never told them it was his birthday, they must've noticed on the passports, we thought that was a lovely touch. Only thing i would advise is don't book the excursions from the hotel concierge, we had a booklet on dubai and phoned the tour operators direct and got the excursions for about half price. I work as cabin crew so get to stay in loads of hotels but i would definately recommend this one!	
Sep 22 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	My Partner and I arrived at Hotel Habtoor on a Sunday morning loved it straight away. We stayed in a tower room which was so spacious and a fabulous bathroom- we were put into a smoking room even though we did not request same but it did not make any difference as the air conditioning in the hotel and rooms was fantastic.To sum it all up the hotel was a 5 star hotel worth every star- the cleanliness and the service of the staff was unreal could not fault it. The hotel itself is lovely with so much to offer pools and the beach is so close. A lovely pool lays on the 3rd floor so worth a visit. Outside the back door are restaurants and the italian one is lovely the thai one is meant to be lovely too but we did not visit. Be wary that the food is not cheap it is quite expensive and the Drink is a joke the price of it. You wil pay €34 for the cheapest bottle of wine out there and that would only cost €7 at home, a glass of wine is €9-€10 euro and a pint is €6.50 -€7 but beware that a pint bottle of cider is €11.00 so alcohol is very expensive but as we were on holiday we had no choice but to pay it.There is so much construction in Dubai it actually puts you off the place whilst it does not annoy you sound wise it s just offputting. There is no where to actually walk outside the hotel and that is a pity- But we did find a lovely noodle bar 5 mins walk away its lovely does not sell alcohol and its quite cheap! also if you keep walking down that area there are lots of shops and restaurants we only were made aware of this the last few days of our trip! so its worth walking around past that noodle bar. We took a trip to see the 7 star hotel which i must say is lovely but its not really worth the money- they reckon that there is a six star beside it and that its better and its free. you have to book online from your hotel to get tea or dinner or cocktails at the Beirge Hotel. I would recommend the desert Safari loved it and it was quiet cheap. The shopping centres are fantastic and the clothes are more expensive than England or Ireland but it worth a look there is a ski adventure park there but be aware you can only ski there if you are experienced otherwise you would have to take lessons. We had a great time the weather was 44 degrees and you would melt but the great thing is the air con it saves you. I would recommend this hotel and would run back to it myself the service was so superb!! rooms huge and they cant do enough for you. Overall loved it the hotel its great. will go back!!	
Sep 18 2008 	Loved it!!	My first time to dubai and i was a bit nervous about what it would be like, had read lots of reviews about building work....but i loved it!! The habtoor was lovely, on arrival had a drink. We got got to the hotel and we had to hang around, they put us in a large waiting room and forgot we was there, but that was my only complaint, i thought staff, food, pool, especially the pool as that is where we spent most of our time in the lovely sun, was great. It was my birthday while we was there and i had a birthday cake put in our room!! The room was nice, nothing fancy, but clean. I would go backto Dubai but probaly stay at a different hotel only because i would like to stay somewhere different, would recommend the habtoor. Great holiday.	
Sep 14 2008 	Usual quality in Dubai	Very nice hotel in Jumeirah par of Dubai, just across the street from Grosvenor House with fabulous Buddha bar.Grand Habtoor is built in Arabic style with plenty of space in the lobby, rooms, restaurant, poolside etc. The rooms are amazing, huge, modern furnishing, excellent bathroom, flat TV etc etc.If you spend plenty of time in your room this is the hotel!Also the pool area is very nice with access to the beach, good fitness and sauna.The restaurants and bar inside are just ok, but in Dubai this is the least of the problem as around there are plenty of opportunities. It's usually cheaper than neighboring 5* hotels on Jumeirah beach which makes is good deal for Dubai if you are looking for reasonable luxury. The service in the hotel is OK, staff quity friendly and helpful.	
Sep 14 2008	They do like to say no.....!	Stayed 7-13 September. Member from Cheshire,UK Arrived in morning, no welcome drink., in fact no welcome !! The reception insisted on Credit Card Charge,even before telling us room NOT ready. Told us that as we were on Half Board, we could have evening meal at main restaurant. Went back to reception to get room, have a guess!!!.again no. Had to wait till after 2pm, then four more calls to get luggage.Went for evening meal to restaurant, told would have to wait till after 8pm (Restaurant advertised as 24hours).Asked to see manager, he told us our 'half board' wasn't same as other half board!!,perhaps wanted more money. He did nothing, I told him of poor reveiws and constant no attitude of reception staff, said he was working on attitude.Horizon pool, watch the pool guys, will chase you when you get towels for tips.On day of leaving paid all bills, asked for credit card slip to be returned, they said no, would need till we left Hotel.Could not use Hotel Changing Room,as reception blocked key Access Card in afternoon. Took 30 minutes to get credit card slip back.They wanted £ 80 to keep room for extra 4 hours !!!Stayed in Club Room, was only good part, you have to sign for everything even when complimentary. Breakfast was rubbish last day, maybe because manager was off. !! Got broken eggs and dirty table clothes.Had Internet Credits left, but could not use as Reception again said no, had to be used on day of Issue.Perhaps Reception should be told not say no to all requests.Doesnt happen at One and Only,or Hilton.Maybe they should learn the customer is sometimes right!!Steer clear if you want a relaxing holiday!!.Oh and Noise does start early!!! very early!!! Bang-Bang-Bang. 24 hours a day.All in all, not a pleasant experience	
Sep 12 2008 	Great Time	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Habtoor and had a great time, can't believe the previous bad reviews. On arrival we had to wait till 1pm for the room but this is normal and we were upgraded to a lovely big family room on the 4th floor. They did ask us to give a credit card , but we just declined and said we would pay cash as we go , which wasn't a problem with the receiption staff. The whole of the staff were always friendly towards us. The beach is lovely and the short walk via the pool and gardens which are beautifully kept, you may see the odd peacock roaming around. We only experienced one problem which I am sorting now back in the UK, which was our Half board option was &quot;only lunch&quot; I always thought that half board meant breakfast and evening meal. Great time was had by all..........	
Sep 4 2008	Butlins in Dubai - literally!!!	It all seemed lovely when we arrived at the Habtoor to have a 10 day holiday/birthday/anniversary. I'll start by saying that I have visited dubai four times in the last year. I have stayed at both Jumeira Beach hotels and less luxurious ones in the city, all different but all wonderful! None with the problems that we encountered at the Habtoor.I could write a five page review but I am going to keep it as brief as possible.PLUSES:- Hotel is beautiful, nice grounds, gym facilities, turn down service erm? that's it!Arrived at the hotel and was checked in and informed we were being upgraded to a tower room. We were also given the interconnecting rooms we requested, good start! Then we were informed that we would have to pay £1500 pounds to be able to use the hotel facilities, we were alarmed by this as in my experience the most we have ever been asked to pay as a deposit at any hotel is £250 for a party of 6. I declined and opted for a &quot;pay as you go set up&quot; Not the usual set up for a 5 star hotel? It was an inconvenience having to carry my handbag with me to the pool so I could pay for a drink or food for the kids...I will point out at this stage that this hotel literally was full of english people. I say this as I found it unusual for Dubai. It's almost as if everyone had flocked to the Habtoor. I stayed at the Ritz Carlton last year August which is on the same Stretch and it was a million miles away in respect of class, service and quality! I am english and by no means a snob but I don't go on holiday to mix with &quot;chavs!&quot; If I wanted to do that I would have gone to Butlins for a fraction of the price.There was not any noise from building work but lots of dust. I left my bikini to dry on the hotel balcony, when I took it in it was covered in dust and had to be washed again. Everytime I had a request for ice or towels from room service the staff would overtly expect tips. I spoke to some different guests at the hotel. Most were of the opinion that the hotel had terrible customer service and some had appaling problems (luckily we left relatively unscathed, just feeling slightly short-changed) another couple I spoke to thought it was great, as they were grateful to be on holiday and were the type of people that didn't mind if their room had not been cleaned! I suppose it takes all sorts!!!My point is the hotel is mediocre at best - the biggest downful of the Habtoor is the management's attitude. I think that while they have so much building work going on around the hotel they are just glad to be filling the rooms with people and will try and re-establish themselves as a good hotel (which I hear it once was, all but a year ago!) when the Marina development is completed in a couple of years and they market the hotel to more up-market clientele.I still love Dubai but it is getting very expensive, which was once a pleasure in return for the most amazing service and treatment. I will be going back to stay at the palm at the end of this month for the opening of the Atlantis. This trip will either redeem this country as my favourite holiday destination or be the end of my love affair with Dubai. WATCH THIS SPACE!!!To sum up I would never go back to the Habtoor. We chose his hotel because of the so called kids club, I took my 7 year old daughter there once and she was bored to tears along with other children I met that had been there.My tip to anyone wanting to stay on Jumeira Beach -DON'T STAY HERE AS YOU WILL BE CHEATED OF THE REAL DUBAI EXPERIENCE!!!	
Aug 31 2008 	Great Hotel - lacking in customer service in parts!	I spent two nights at this hotel. Location - by the beach, taxis are plentiful and affordable so easy to travel to other locations. Hotel - Bright modern hotel with great open spaces. My Room - was situated on the 10th floor with two large windows facing over the beach, great design and very clean. *Warning* - I was very happy with the location of my room, however the hotel is located in an area where a considerable amount of construction is taking place and at check out I did hear some guests complaining about construction noise in their rooms. General hospitality - warm and welcoming. Food - Breakfast wide variety and friendly service ate in one restaurant which leads onto my tale of customer service... Customer Service - most of the staff I met were very helpful and friendly however - I ate at one of the restaurants specialising in Lebanese Cusine (there is a belly dancer there most evenings). I was dining alone and when I requested the set menu, I was advised that the menu would be too much for me to eat, and that they would suggest some dishes for me, which I agreed to. After the many starters arrived, I advised the manager serving me that I did not think I could manage my main course (I did check that it was not already prepared) and he said no wait and have your main course. As I thought that I was still having a smaller selection of courses from the set menu I conceded. I was therefore amazed to find out that the cost of my meal was considerably more than the set menu. I did advise the manager, but he did not pay any attention. As a female dining alone I felt that I had been unduly pressurised and also ripped off. I complained to guest services that evening and I had to follow up the following evening as my complaint was not responded to. Now the point that adds insult to injury. Whilst explaining my complaint to the Head Manager of the restaurant I noticed that he was clearly distracted and asked if he was listening he was not - two minutes later he excused himself spoke to someone else was in a discussion with them and then walked off without saying anything else to me! I waited for him for a further thirty minutes to return, the customer service girls were very good and I could see embarassed by the rudeness of their colleague. Eventually the assitant food and beverage manager was called and apologised for her colleague and attempted to resolve the situation by offering me another meal at the hotel which I declined. I eventually received 50% off my food costs at the restaurant, however the total lack of customer service from the restaurant manager just spoilt my entire view of the hotel. My view would be the hotel is lovely but eat at other hotels where they understand the concept of customer service!	
Aug 30 2008	Good but not ver good prefer to stay else where	Me and my family came back last week. It was our first stay at the hotel however not our first stay in dubai. Innitially the hotel appeard very good ,the bell boy and porter greated and took our luggage, all seemed well, once we entered the hotel it was nicley decorated with a very big lobby. We went to reception they upgraded our room but then asked for a ridiculous amount of 7000 dhs , which is around £1500, they wanted this so if we used any facilities that charge they would retract this from the balance, however we objected and said we would rather pay for things when we use them. LUCKILY THAT WAS THE RIGHT CHOICE. As they charge you for absolutley everything and many other guest whre charged for things they hadnt used, and for them they only saw what they had been charged for when they checked out, by then it;s to late to put up an argument. We met a few people who checked out early for the ridiculous behaviour of the reception staff, who are VERY UN HELP FULL AND RUDE. what ever happend to the customer is always right. We had to wait about 4 hours for our room.Once the room was ready we where told we where down graded back to our tower room, due to &quot;maintenance issues&quot;, very strange seeing as there was no problem before hand. The reception staff said we could have lunch in the hotel as part of our half board basis. Which we found out the day later they had a big bill waiting for us in regard to this we immediatley took it up with reception. Had we given them our money this we would not have found out about till the last day. Therefore i do recommend no one gives there money to the reception, it will cause you more problems.The facilities of the hotel are good and excpected for a resort, however no indoor pool is a downer. The beach is very big and it is tiering to make it to the end. the garden is very beautifull and big, The food at the hotel is good and the chef's are very friendly. However i do advise you to not have dinner on these themed nights,:Arabian, chinese, bbq, and sea food(if your not a fan). Indian and carving where the most enjoyable dinners at the hotel, the rest not so much. Lunch and breakfast is more or less the same each day. I MUST SAY THE DESEARTS ARE AMAZING.The maintenance staff are helpfull, but slow on occasions we found at times our rooms werent clean till 2 or 3 in the afternoon. The shuttle service is good, but they didnt always arrive at the shopping centre to pick us up. All in all it's a nice hotel and there are good elements, but i would advise the hilton, habtoor is over priced, and they charge you ridiculous prices for every thing for example it was £8 for and hour of internet use, and £4 for a bottle of water. Its ashame for the cooking staff who where very nice and helpfull and many of the staff where nice, but allot of the bad staff let them down, it's a real shame, because with a reduce of prices, and helpfull recetion staff and some better cuisine the hotel would have fallen very nicely, but thats not the case	
Aug 24 2008 	Great stay great staff.	We ‘Honeymooned’ at the Habtoor from the 12th of August 08.We were looking for a good hotel with a bit of luxury and somewhere for a relaxed break. It would be fair to say we found it.The outstanding feature of the hotel was the quality of the service we received from the staff, in particular the team at the 25th floor Club Lounge.The hotel itself was of a good standard, with two swimming pools (an adult’s only pool on the third floor is recommended as it’s quieter and benefits from a breeze on those 40 plus days)! There are three good restaurants; the buffet restaurant serves a wide variety of food with a different theme each night. The food here was fantastic, (although I am not a big fan of buffet style) and the on site Italian has to be visited.We were offered a club room upgrade at an extra cost, which enabled use of the lounge during breakfast (avoid the bustle), high tea in the afternoon which was extremely civilised, and complimentary drinks between 6 &amp; 8 in the evening. When you consider the price of drinks in Dubai, it proved worthwhile. But best of all was the service we received from the staff on the 25th (Aries,Grace,Ghia,Leo,Edele,Jocelyn,Dexter,Michelle,Jomet,Kuf and everyone, thank you for making our stay so memorable)!The room we stayed in was good although not the best I have stayed in, but it was serviced to an immaculate standard every day. The staff are extremely polite and willing, and nothing seemed too much trouble.The Gym was very well equipped with plenty of cardio and resistance machines and free weights area. The ‘Spa’ had sauna and steam rooms but lacked a pool and jacuzzi. Overall our stay was fantastic and I would consider returning to the Habtoor.A few tips:It’s worth stopping at the ‘duty free’, which is next to the luggage collection, before you leave the airport to stock up on alcohol for your stay as drinks are £5 plus each and the supermarkets are dry in Dubai.Consider upgrading to a club room for the lounge benefits.The Emirates mall is huge but no better (or cheaper) than the large scale shopping centres in the U.K, The Bhuttata mall is smaller but has more character and less busy.Wild Wadi is a water park that costs about £30 per adult but is a fun day out.Enjoy!	
Aug 24 2008 	We Loved Dubai	I was very nervous about going to Dubai especially after reading some of the reviews on this page but it was the most amazing holiday I have ever been on. The staff very so kind and helpful, they made us feel right at home, they would do anything for you to make your stay comfortable. Our rooms were great, we were on the 17th floor with a balcony looking over to the beach, palm island and the marina, absolutely worth paying the little extra for a sea view room. We ate in the hotel resturants most nights and the food was lovely, the mixed grill was our favourite, great happy, friendly service and scrummy food! It is absolutely worth going on the cruse up the creek, it was a lovely experience and again the service was first class. We also went on the desert safari and it was great fun! Our driver was brilliant and answered all our questions and even took us through the city describing the changes and things to come in the future. On the last day we went to the spa for a massage and it was outstanding I have never felt more relaxed!The hotel was great and everything we needed and more for our first experience of Dubai, I would absolutely go back Dubai it is a beautiful city.	
Aug 20 2008 	Fabulous Time	PositivesI booked this hotel for a recent family trip to Dubai. We were booked into the Tower Family Room for our stay. Upon arrival we were given a free upgrade to the Club Suite Room. Staff are friendly and courteous.Breakfast was superb, everything you could want and again staff were excellent. Rooms were always kept clean and there was always a constant supply of newspapers, bottled water and fruit provided free when they cleaned our room.Conciege services were good and again nothing was too much trouble.If you have kids they will love the pool area and my two spent most of their time in the pool, pool attendants will set you up wherever you wish and there are great views of the garden and surrounding area.NegativesThe Habtoor are willing to charge you for everything if they can. I stayed at the Hilton last year and the Hilton provides better value for money. As an example I wanted to use the internet for 10 minutes and the Habtoor wanted to charge 50 AED (£7) for an hour, whereas the Hilton let you use it for free.The Hilton also had a free kids club where you could take the little ones to keep them amused. The Habtoor again charges 140 AED per child per day (£20).Habtoor also like to use a local company for taxis which are very expnsive when compared to the beige taxis, they will however ask for a beige one if you instruct them to do so.The walk to the beach is LONG!! it will easily take you 10 minutes to get to water edge, kids were knackered before we even got near the beach.OverallA good hotel with attentive staff, they make your stay enjoyable and relaxing, could be better if they took a common sense approach to their charging policies. Most people have paid a lot of money for the trip and they should not be seen as cash cows to draw that extra last bit of money out from the customer.	
Aug 17 2008 	Good family hotel but be aware!!!	Just returned back from Dubai, stayed at the Habtoor Grand Resort &amp; Spa. Overall it's a good family hotel right on Jumeriah Beach.Just a word of warning and advice on this hotel:Advised to do BB rather HB or FB as food is more or less the same each day.You can eat a fraction of the price on SZR or in any of the malls.We are a family of 4 and £30 was max for lunch or dinner.Finally be aware on checkout, give yourself time to to check the final bill, I realised when I got home they charged me for transfers and HB which we had already paid for when booking with the travel agent.I've emailed than about this and after 3 days I am still waiting for them to reply!	
Aug 13 2008 	cant fault it	me and my son stayed at the Habtoor for 7 nights. Like all other hotels we have stayed in whether it has been in the uk or usa, i to have to give a credit card to reception, i assumed this was the norm!!! Reading some reviews on here it seems some people arent aware of this. Anyway, we had a excellent stay here. It was my birthday out there and having been out for the day, i came in to our room and found a birthday cake and card from all the staff of the hotel. Where do you get that? i was really touched by this lovely gesture. My son and i stayed in the garden rooms, could not fault these rooms at all.As for the beach, there was no stones!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it is pure sand with shells on the shore line. The beach most of the time was empty as everyone was around the pool. We liked this, as we felt it was OUR beach only. Around about 4 ish a Arab comes along with his camels. You can have a ride for 50drs. My son did this and the ride was a good 25 mins. Yes the drinks are expensive but like all business they are out to make a profit. I always read up on the country i am going to visit, that way you are not in for a shock when you get there. so was aware that Dubia is an expensive place to go to.Food was great, we went half board. Went on a Dubia trip which was very interesting and also went to Wild Wadi water park. Again, read bad reviews and found it was nothing like what other people had written. I must be easily pleased hahaha.There is a lot of building work going on but to be honest you can not hear it going on.	
Aug 12 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	We have just returned from Habtoor Grand Hotel,Duabi - having stayed there for 5 nights.We booked through a travel agent online &amp; booked separate flights to Abu Dhabi - flights to Dubai very busy this time of year.We booked a family room which normally accomodates upto 2 adults &amp; 2 children - but they also accomodated our 3 year old - 2 adults &amp; 3 children. When we arrived into Dubai we couldn't believe how huge it's become since we last visited 4 years ago. We've been to various hotels in Dubai over the last 12 years. The building work is massive out there - but awesome at what they're doing out there. This really didn't bother us at all &amp; you couldn't hear any noise whatsoever around the poool area. Our experience of the check in desk staff was extremely efficient &amp; quick. They gave us a welcome drink - then informed us that they were giving us complimentary half board. They then showed us straight to our room on the 7th floor. We were very impressed with our room - it was huge. It had 2 large twin beds &amp; a very comfortable double sofabed. They were &quot;turned down&quot; ready for us with chocolates left on the beds. The rooms were beautiful with a lcd tv &amp; dvd player - so take some of your own dvds to watch. The bathroom was absolutely gorgeous with huge bath &amp; a lovely separate walk in shower. The bathroom was equipped with luxury toiletries every day. The rooms were obviously cleaned daily - twice a day -bedding &amp; towels changed daily.The food in the restauarant which we had to use for all meals on half board was lovely with so much choice. They had other restuarants ,but you had to pay for meals there.The drinks in the hotel are very expensive. The only downside to the half board was that the children also had to have what was on offer. So we decided to pay for their meals off the childrens menu - worked out about £3.00 each ( 25 - 30 dirhams). We then had other meals out at the shopping malls...usually Mcdonalds for the kids.The pool area was fantastic with plenty of sunbeds &amp; umbrellas but these could have done with being changed - a bit worn. The 2 slides there were fab for the kids - but I would have rather have had the kids pool area shaded due to the intense heat at this time of year. The hotel was extremely well decorated throughout. We really were very impressed with the Habtoor Grand after having read some mixed reports. The staff really make you feel welcome. Very impressed with Cathy - think that was her name - who on our 2nd morning knew our room number &amp; childrens names. The hotel was very busy with lots of guests but they always spoke to you - doubt you'd get that in this country - people out there are so polite.There is plenty of shopping opportunities so take plenty of cash. They have fantastic malls out there - out of this world for designer shops. The hotel does shuttle buses to a few malls at various times of day but getting back get a taxi - very cheap - bus is usually full on return. We much preferred the &quot; Battuta&quot; mall as this had much better shops than the Mall of the Emirates - Emirate mall had very expensive designer shops there.The only other thing to mention is that the hotel takes a 2500 dirhams deposit on arrival ( approx £370.00 ) This isn't then refunded until 3-4 working days after checking out. So if you need your credit card pay in cash - at least you get it back straight away - we'll remember that next time. All in all we had a fabulous holiday &amp; would return there for definite - but we do usually try different hotels each time we visit.We really don't know why some people complain about trivial things that we have read on this site - obviously nothing better to do - we certainly had no faults to complain about.	
Aug 8 2008 	Not a five star hotel - big problems with efficiency	We stayed at the Habtoor from July 24th for 2 weeks and have got back today. I must say after having stayed at the Sheraton along the road - this hotel is NOT 5 star standard.All seemed great when we initially arrived - as the concierge meeted us and took our bags over to reception where we were met with a cold glass of orange juice - sadly that's where the good points ended and the nightmare began!We were asked for credit card which we were told was a safety precaution in case we used any of the hotel's &quot;pay&quot; facilities. We hadn't got a credit card with us - so asked if a debit card would be ok - as they were only meant to be taking a blank swipe - they said that would be fine - my partner had to enter his pin - and on the pin terminal it said £0.00 - so all seemed fine - then the receptionist (little or broken English)handed over a receipt which showed that 7000 dhs had come off his account!!!!!! Obviously panic set in - and when we questioned this - the receptionist just shrugged and said that it wouldn't come out of the account!!Well to cut a long story short.....after HOURS arguing with the dopey Ukranian so called customer services manager called Jana - and around one hour on the phone to Barclays - it became apparent that the money had in fact come out and that not only were we going to have to have this money coming out - we would also be charged for using a debit card abroad, we would also be charged an exchange fee and also if it went overdrawn - a fee for that too!! Jana sent us off in good faith that she would sort it and even though it was Friday (their weekend) it would be sorted by close of day - and this was before we had even checked in!!!!!!!!We were then told that check in might not be till 2pm - so after a night flight and arriving at the hotel at 8am - we would have to sit around for a room!!!!!After all this hassle, the reception said we could book in early at 10 am and made it out to be some great priority (when in fact we found out later that everyone else who was waiting got a room at the same time!) We also found out that some other guests who arrived at around the same time - got to have b'fast - this we weren't offered!The end of the day came and still no news - so we hot footed it to reception to see if the money situation had cleared up!Jana had gone onto the Barclays website and found a random fax number and sent all our info over and not even chased it up to see if it had arrived - well it resulted in us ringing Barclays ourselves and then having to have our debit card cancelled - and then to be sent a new one to our home address.....on holiday with no card!The hotel did nt apologise once and made no effort to recompensate us for their error.The hotel room was lovely we were in a garden view room overlooking the pool - and the room was cleaned well and stocked with fruit and water every day which was great!The pool however was disapponting - the downstairs pool was like a scene from Benidorm revisited and it just wasn't what you would expect from a five star hotel - the music was loud, and the atmosphere was not how I envisaged it would be, i'm not a snobby person but it really was &quot;Chav city&quot; - the horizon pool however on the 3rd floor was great though - really relaxing and it seemed like a million miles away from the chaos downstairs!The beach was disappointing - the sunbeds were miles away from the sea and when you did eventually reach the sea - the beach was very stoney compared to other hotels along the beach and also there was alot of litter scattered about.We stayed on a b&amp; B basis and the b'fast was excellent - there was a really good selection.The hotel has a shuttle service to mall of the emirates, ibn battuta mall and the burjuman centre but these get really crowded - so get a taxi as they are cheap!!!! (If you get a taxi ask for a local one as the hotel cars are a rip off!)As somebody else also commented....our minibar was emptied 2 days before we left.....these guys seriously have trust issues...Which brings me onto drinks prices.......absolute rip off! 20 dhs ( just under £3) for a can of coke.....just to put this into perspective - at Carrefour at the mall of the emirates you can buy 6 cans for 5 dhs (under £1) - they seriously rip you right off! Do like we did and buy a cheap cooler from Carrefour and then get the bar men to top it up with ice for you every day - they happily do this!Last little moan....we had an early flight on our way home - I asked the previous day for an early morning wake up call at 5.30 am - they never rang! It was just lucky that I also had my mobile phone alarm too as otherwise we would have missed our flight!!! The guys who work on reception are amateurs.....This hotel will be in a prime location in about 5 years for the marina....but at the moment it is SURROUNDED by building works....I was expecting it...but it seemed worse than I remember from the Sheraton....one woman was hit in the face whilst sunbathing from debris that flew off a nearby building site roof....it really is THAT CLOSE!If you want my opinion....give this hotel a wide berth for a few years....	
Aug 2 2008 	Great Hotel - Habtoor	An excellent 5 star hotel on Jumeira Beach. If you are totally crazy about swimming and would like unrestricted access to the roof terrace pool on the 3rd floor, then book a room with sliding door access to the roof terrace pool in the tower.The food in the hotel restaurants is excellent!!!Travelling around Dubai by Gov't taxi is a breeze but if you go to a popular destination/mall during the &quot;weekend&quot;, i.e. Thursday/Friday/Saturday then it would be advisable to make an arrangement with one of the private taxis that are available from the hotel to wait for you/collect you after your 3 hour shopping spree for a nominal extra charge; it is well worth it...The alternative is waiting in a queue for a taxi from the mall for about an hour or two!!!	
Aug 1 2008 	Still very nice good and reliable Services	After my recent third stay at this hotel, I still can confirm that it is a good choice for all kind of travellers. Services even got slightly better, with the exception of the check-in and check-out staff, who were pretty slow during check-in and -out.Although there is a big construction area right beside at the hotel at the moment, (new road bridge across the Marina entrance channel) the noise levels at the hotel area were ok.The location right at the Jumeirah Beach is great, and the hotel still offers shuttle-bus services to the different Malls for free.This time I tried the Italian restaurant and the Steak house, and can confirm the high quality of the food and waiter-services. I must admit, this time it was one of the best Steaks I had in my life (Australian beef Fillet cut). At the weekends (Thursday nights) the bars get a little crowded, but there are enough locations around to escape. This time I had a Tower room which was pretty nice, but I personally would recommend aiming for a room in the Resort, which I think is nicer.	
Jul 30 2008 	We Don`t Take Debit Cards	We Have just returned from a week stay. We paid extra and had the club rooms. This allows free transfers &amp; the use of the 25th floor for breakfast 7am till 11am. and afternoon tea 3pm till 5:30pm and drinks from 6pm till 8pm. As a club member all this is free. We had Tea twice and drinks three times. I did breakfast every day and the service and manners where exelent, plus the view of the gulf and palm, from the 25th floor club area is spectacular. We also recieved a free up-grade to HB although we never took up this offer as the restaurant meals where buffet type and is not a meal type we would use. The HB option can only be used in the restaurant in the lobbie. the other 6 restaurant are private and you must pay for these meals.We did have few problems, they do not take debit cards and this meant we had to put down a £500 &amp; a further £300 security, but we had &quot;naggie&quot; problems with this arrangement, we where questioned when charging things to the rooms and even though we had a 1600 dhs credit (£250) they refused to allow us to charge to the rooms the last two days. They even cleared the mini bars while we where at the pool two days before we left.The admin at this hotel is very, very petty and we found the same problem at the Met. Hotel run by the same group ( Habtoor) in Dubai.So please bear this in mind, they trust no one check every last detail in your room and charge, every last dime and cent to you.You can see this penny pinching attitude, every where, and it can be a problem. The 7 restaurant in the Hotel are great the Grill is very good and cheap £20 - £30 per head the wine was £18 per bottle not bad and the service is great The lebanise restaurant has a set meal £22 and you will have more food than you can shake a stick at. All very tastie and fresh, watch out for the belly dancer she is very pretty and likes to get you up for a belly dance is quite a night and not a place for a quick bite.The Hotel run buses to the mall ( The Emerates and Batuta) but the cost of a hotel taxi is about £3 so it not worth the wait ( it does a 30min tour of 3 other hotels to pick up ). You can get a local cab from the hotel next door if you want to save 50p. These malls are about a 20min away and have loads of shops a ski slope and nice restaurant. Batuta mall is a bit more intersting and I think cheaperThe Marina complex 700m, a short walk at night but too hot during the day has a suppermarket ans a small number of shops to buy a few things. It also has 7 more restaurant including a couple offering a £10 buffet lunch an American style dinner and a nice Italian restaurant. Plus a frankies and Bennies ice-cream parlur.The horizon pool is just great and the view is lovely the other pool is good and has a pool bar and water slides very good for kids. The beach is a good walk and quite a hike at noon as the path ways are red hot. The beach it nice and clean and a sea wall is about 250m from shore which has millions of fish of all kind and 50dhs rental, buys you the use, of Fins, Mask and a snorkal.On the whole this is a good hotel nice staff good service from the staff and good location. The Admin staff are under strick instructions to check and charge every thing. The building work will not really effect you, infact it very intresting to watch.	
Jul 27 2008 	absolutely fabulous	we stayed at the habtoor for 10days on the 5th of july, we had read some of the reviews on here and were quite worried about going, all i can say is the bad reviews are complete lies there is NO WAY anyone could complain about any part of the hotel, the hotel itself is absolutely fabulous and well deserves its 5star status, we stayed in a tower room and the room was huge with the biggest bed ive ever seen the rooms were cleaned twice a day with chocolates put out for us, the bathroom was out of this world with huge shower and lovely tiled bath, the breakfasts each morning had a very large selection with fresh fruit, pancakes, sausages, toast, pancakes everything! my fiance was very partial to the french toast! the pool area and the beach is absolutely fabulous and you felt worlds away from the building work in central dubai, we ate in all the restauraunts and food was very reasonably priced and delicious we didnt have a bad meal there and would highly recommend the grand grill and the italian , the staff were exceptional the whole stay and very helpful and pleasant, we were picked up from the airport in a luxury car and the same was waiting for us to go home, anybody complaining about this hotel must be very snobbish or have there eyes closed the whole stay, we will definitley be going back to the habtoor	
Jul 24 2008 	Not at all what was expected..	This year's visit to Dubai was our second visit here. Last time, in 2005 we stayed at Dubai Marine Beach resort, which was excellent. We expected Habtoor Grand to be at least the same...The hotel looks great and so does the reception..Staff is really friendly, they'll do anything for you...But that's is our experience in every hotel, restaurant or shop in Dubai. Our room, however, was not great at all. We were stacked in one of the Garden Rooms, the rooms was too small, the bathroom was really small en sleeping on that terrible bed was like laying on cardboard. Breakfast was okay, nothing special in comparison to Dubai Marine etc...and Hilton Jumeirah...Our conclusion is that we paid a huge amount of money for this hotel. Next time we will definitely stay at Hilton Jumeirah, where the rooms have the same prices, only much more spacious and much nicer.	
Jul 23 2008 	fantastic time	i stayed in a garden view room with my partner &amp; our young daughter for 6 nights in the beginning of july. i, like a lot of other reviewers, was a tad apprehensive to say the least about our booking after booking the resort &amp; reading others reviews but i have to say, for my stay, we had a brilliant time. firstly, we got a really good deal through our travel agent for the resort, he found it on one of his websites &amp; it was crucial for us that we stayed somewhere good as our time there was part of a bigger holiday. we arrived in dubai after travelling for 21hrs from new zealand on our way back to glasgow. we arrived at 6am &amp; got to the hotel about 7.30am &amp; checked in, the reception staff were polite &amp; kind, the lady explained that normal check in is 2pm but she would try to have our room ready by 10.30 but in the meantime, we were able to use all the facilities. we decided to get our swimsuits &amp; head down to the pool area as it was 45C! the pool was lovely, but beware of the hoses they use to clean the area as my parner slit his foot open on one the clips connecting the hoses together.true to her word, our room was ready at 10.30. our room had a king size bed, it was an upstairs room with a balcony &amp; generally very clean &amp; comfortable.everyday you get fresh fruit &amp; bottles of water, supplies of ice &amp; chocolates with the turn-down service. on day 3 we got a customer service call making sure we were hapy with the service we had recieved, our room &amp; the facilities. as we were travelling with our young daughter, we didn't dine out too much, we ate a couple of times at the itialian restaurant &amp; once at the thai restaurant. room service was good &amp; prompt, i recommend the beef burgers. the price of food i thought was mostly reasonable but alcohol is very exspensive in the resort. we just bought a couple of bottles &amp; some beer in duty free with is very cheap &amp; kept us hydrated over the 6nights. we spent most of time at the pool, there are numerous life guards &amp; other staff around &amp; we found them very friendly &amp; they often interacted with my daughter. we used the shuttle bus service once to the mall of the emirates, once as there was no air conditioning &amp; the bus was packed &amp; the hotel was 1st on a list of 4 hotels that it picks up from. any other time we went out we used taxis but beware all taxi drivers have different routes &amp; theres toll roads/bridges around the hotel so you'll never pay the same amount!to sum up, we had a great time, our daughter loved it &amp; we would recommend the habtoor to anyone.	
Jul 13 2008 	Luxury all the way	Myself and my wife stayed here for a week on the final leg of our round the world honeymoon.This hotel was perfect for a relaxing stay.I'll start with the negatives however.For those of you have not been Dubai,it really is a building site and especially around the Habtoor ,at the moment.There is building work right up to the door.Just something to be aware of.It was a bit of a suprise at first but it did not take away from our stay,at all.The hotel lobby is really nice and lots of staff available to help.We had an ocean view in one of the towers and it was a good size.It was stocked with fruit and water daily.We ate in all the restaurants at one stage or another and they were lovely.The food in the 25th(top floor restaurant) was exceptional.We shared our time between the main pool and the infinity pool.The main pool caters for families,lots of lifeguards on duty and they just to spent the majority of their time making sure the kids did'nt come to any harm.It would be reassuring to parents ,I'm sure. there is also an infinity pool which seemed to have the hardcore sunworshippers,so it was alot quieter.But both were again well staffed.There is also a private beach which was excellent also.The water was the warmest sea water that I ever swam in,although not much of a suprise considering temps.were in early 40's.A free shuttle pick up at hotel for most of the major shopping centres.Overall I must comment on the staff,there were so helpful &amp; friendly.One instant is as follows.I lost OUR camera (apologies Suzy) during our stay.We reckon that we lost it in a taxi.Using CCTV footage,the hotel helped us trace the driver,reg plate ,unfortunately the taxi company were not helpful at all.A special thanks to the conceirge,Nehru(I think) who was curteous,friendly,helpful and patient.However we never recovered it but that just meant that we were able to buy a replacement for half the price that we would have had to,at home.We both used the spa which was really professional and relaxing.We both full body massages and it was excellent.We did a city tour which is only a half day and it was a good introduction.We took the option to have buffet lunch in the Burj and it did'nt disappoint.It was more like a dinner,as the selection was huge.Just a quick word on Dubai itself.It will be fabulous when its finished.I will go back but I will probably wait for a few years until the building work subsides.The Habtoor was the nicest hotel that we have ever stayed in and we have been to alot of nice places.The choice of nice hotels in Dubai is excellent but when I come back to Dubai,this will be where I'll be staying.	
Jul 11 2008 	Loved the Habtoor Grand Towers	A little late in writing this. We were very apprehensive after reading the reports and some tips came in handy. We arrived on a Friday evening after reading the posts we had emailed the hotel asking for a non smoking room, check in was easy and they confirmed we had asked for a non smoking room. Got to the room it stank to high heaven of smokeafter 5 minutes I was finding it hard to breathe. We asked for another room and we got it. Apart from that everything was lovely. The rooms were kept spotless and we had so many bottles of water left by housekeeping every day (was suppose to have 3 - there was my husband, daughter and myself) but they were always bring in more. Fresh fruit every day. The breakfast was very good, so many different fruit juices. Well recommend all the resturants in the hotel especially the Grill. Yes prices were very high but you that. pool staff could be a bit funny one day they would fall over themselves to get you a sun bed and the next day they would look the other way - I think it was if you tipped and the size of the tip. I would definetly go back to this hotel we all enjoyed the holiday very much. A couple of things we were told not to bother to take beach towels as the hotel supplied them - which they did but when we wanted to go to the water park we had no towels and the man dishing out the towels wouldn't let us borrow any. Earlier posts mentioned cockroaches I am terrified of anything that crawls and I didn't see one at the hotel or hear of one - and I can spot a creepy crawly from a mile away.	
Jul 9 2008 	Fantastic Holiday	We stayed at the Habtoor for 7 nights and i've never stayed at a resort where the staff have been so friendly, helpful and generous. We got 2 litres of water delievered to the room each day, along with a bowl of fresh fruit.If you asked the staff for anything they were always on hand, and also provided a service above and beyond what they needed...for example, we had purchased a crate of heinekan from the airport and decided to take some down to the pool. As the temperature was very high, the bar man brought a box of ice out to us without us even asking.We ate at the hotel a few times (mainly pool bar and then went out at night) but the food was good and priced similarly to the UK (pizza was £5.80 at the pool bar and it was fairly large too). Beer is expensive, however you get used to it - during the day it was just over £5 for a pint, however at night when happy hour was on, it was about £4 per pint.Overall, very good holiday and my girlfriend wishes to return!	
Jul 8 2008	What a great holiday	In my opininon this is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The whole experience was fantastic and I shall remain an advocate of the Habtoor Brand.Nothing is too much trouble for any of the staff, from reception to the kids club to the restaurant staff.The kids club is very well organised and the baby sitting services is perfect. We had a fabuolus time and this is ideal for families with small children - our daughter is a fussy eater and they even made her something off the menu!We have booked this hotel again for October 2008.	
Jul 2 2008 	very nice hotel	my wife and i stayed at the habttor 24/06/08 to 01/07/08 in a tower room b/b ,the hotel is first class and we found all staff very helpful and freindly. the full breakfast was very good .the drinks and food in the hotel are expensive , but that is the case in all hotels in dubai the hotel use a taxi service which is twice the price of the two tone coloured, goverment taxis. we walked straight out of the airport, in to a gov taxi and paid £12.00 to the hotel,who wanted to charge about £27.00 the beach is beautiful at the hotel would go back to hotel again p.s try the, butchers shop restraunt in mall of emmirates for a steak it costs about £11.00 very good	
Jun 29 2008 	very good hotel and stay	we have just returned from a 5 nite stay in the habtoor we had a fab time and was very pleased with the hotel the rooms and the food.After reading several reviews i was not looking forward to our last minute holiday, on sampling the experience first hand we could not believe what some people write. We found the reception staff very helpful and friendly the tower room we had was very clean spacious and decorated to a high standard The housekeeping staff were very good and nothing was too much trouble. we were up graded to H/Bso had breakfast and lunch in the main restaurant the breakfast was buffet style and there was something for all tastes and plenty of it Lunch was fantastic some of the best food we have had and we have stayed in numerous 5 star hotels in many places. We also had several meals in the evening at the Italian in the grounds of the hotel which were excellent. We found the beach very clean but very hot.We went to the pool on the 3rd floor which was quieter mainly for adults only. As with most of dubai construction is everywhere but we did not find work near the hotel noisy at all, you cant walk any where yet and you need a taxi to go anywhere or the shuttle bus but it is cheap to get a taxi this was our second visit to dubai this year and we would not hesitate to stay at this hotel when we return again	
Jun 19 2008 	Fantastic!	My Partner and I (both in our twentys) stayed here for a week at the begining of June. After reading reports on here I was dreading it! When we arrived it was around 2am in the morning we checked in without any problems and were escorted to our rooms as we had booked a garden view room (208) which are located in the grounds on the hotels pool, restaurants, etc. The room was very nice and just what I expected from seeing photos on this website. A little while later our luggage was also brought to the room. When checking in we were told breakfast would be in one of the restaurants in the grounds of the hotel for the first 2 days. We went to breakfast and it was all very nice with lots to choose from. However on the 3rd day we decided to go into the hotel to have breakfast in Al Dhyfia restaurant where breakfast is served everyday, we what a treat we had been missing! The whole spread was fantastic, fresh juices, fruit, chefs on hand to cook your eggs any way you wanted, pancakes, etc. Sure enough we went here everyday after that! The hotel has a variety of restaurants, we ate in the Italian which was very nice and the Thai place which was gorgeous! We also had a few drinks in the Underground Pub. The only thing that lets the hotel and resort down is the prices! A pint and a half in the Underground pub was £8, when we went for our meal at the Thai place there was seven of us and people were ordering bottles of wine but it worked out at over £100 per couple. The pool bar does some great snacks but again expensive, my partner had the steak sandwich and chips and I would have say the hammour sandwich and chips and you can expect to pay anywhere between 55-65 dirhams which in pounds is anywhere from £8-£10 per dish and in Dubai your drinks cost just as much if not more than your food.The staff were very polite, there are facilities for kids a kids club I think and waterslides one for the kids and one for the adults which me and my partner went on daily!I would stay at this hotel again but I can understand from reviews that I have read on here what people mean and the expense but that's Dubai for you!	
Jun 17 2008	Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from Dubai staying at the Habtoor. Having read the reviews for this Hotel I was expecting the worse, however I was completely surprised we had a wonderful time, the staff were very attentive we had dinner at 25th restaurant at the hotel, food, staff and atmosphere was amazing! We had a standard pool view room it was one of the best rooms we have ever had and we generally stay in 5* hotels all over the world.Please be aware lots of building work, but you do not get effected by this, they are just developing the city!Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holidayand I am extremely fussy! Perhaps not the most cost effective ie mini bar, best to go to supermarket across the road at the Marina soft drinks are very cheap.	
Jun 15 2008 	please ignore any nagative reviews- fantastic hotel	I stayed at the Habtoor for 8 days in June with my wife and this was our first visit to Dubai,Before we left I was really concerned about the negative reviews of the Hotel, having experienced it myself I would say this is the best Hotel that I have stayed in, it is 5 star through and through.We stayed in a garden view room overlooking the pool area and the room was excellent.Yes there is constuction but only at the front of the hotel and it didn't concern us as you cant hear anything inside the hotel.There is construction everywhere in Dubai, and its something we just expected.You have to try the pizzas at Lucianos italian restaurant- Brilliant and not too pricey.staff are friendly, spa and gym is out of this world what more can I say.Please ignore the negativity and just go there and enjoy yourself. We did.	
Jun 9 2008 	Has the basics but must try harder	This was our 5th visit to Dubai but our 1st real beach sojurn. The Habtoor reception staff are excellent and the first impressions of the hotel are great. The room itself was clean and facilities are good.ButThe Horizon pool beds and tables are dirty and some are broken, the balcony of our room was covered in birds mess and there was a nest in the eaves. The beach had builders rubble in big piles and along bags, plastic bottles and general rubbish washed up and no one bothered to clean it. We found that The Underground bar was often cordoned off for private functions and drinks varied wildly in price depending which bar and at what time you bought them. Beach bar was supposed to open until 8pm but the bar staff stop asking if you want a drink just after 7pm and then begin clear up and to stack the chairs around you. Food was average at best, although breakfast was excellent, getting tea and coffee was hit and miss however, especially at the busy times.The hotel is surrounded by building work as you would expect in Dubai but it only really bothered us when we were at the Horizon pool, you can't hear it anywhere else. Though sometimes seeing the dangerous way they work is worse than the noise!Has all the attributes but there are far better hotels in Dubai at less and more consistent cost.	
Jun 4 2008 	amazing	from the moment we left the uk it was a holiday flights and transfers were easy and stress free. the hotel was lovely very clean and the staff we helpful and friendly. we stayed in a garden room. close to the pool and close to the beach. to be honest it was close to everything and cheaper than a tower room. the food was great and the 25th floor is worth a visit. people who want to swim quitely go to the 3rd floor pool no kids and the views are fab. not much to do during the night but that didnt bother us we went shopping til late. great hotel for all ages even single girls as when we were there alot of young lads aged 25 plus were there. we would defo go again to the same hotel.	
Jun 1 2008 	Hurray for the Habtoor!	Stayed here for 5 nights in April in a Tower Family Room (2 adults + 2 kids), Room was spacious and well appointed with a nice view and a brilliant bathroom with walk in shower, towels the size of blankets and more tolietries than you can throw a stick at. Initial views were 'OMG' as we approached via road a large building site but all this disappeared once inside the hotel environs. As we had arrived early in the morning on Virgin we had to wait 6 hours(2pm) for our room to be ready. Not easy but do-able as we had packed bathing costumes in hand luggage and literally flopped by the pool for that duration, and a steak sandwich and cold beer perked us up. Considering the nearby development we were not at all bothered by noise. Also the beach was better than it appeared on first inspection. The English pub &quot;Underground&quot; was cheap and cheerful but we ate out most nights, although can recommend the Italian restaurant in the hotel( Do not go to the nearby Marina thinking you will be in for a lovely Puerto Banus experience- it's totally DRY!!!- I'm talking alcohol here!)Breakfast- you just have to make the most of this! What a superb spread with fresh juices being delivered every few minutes and two egg chefs to work their magic if that's what you feel like. The pools were great and the kids enjoyed the waterslides. I liked the Habtoor Grand very much!	
Jun 1 2008 	Fantastic time at Habtoor Grand	After reading some of the previous reviews we were a bit unsure what to expect, but from the minute the plane touched down we had nothing but excellent service. It took just 35 mins from getting off the plane to getting in our &quot;meet and greet car&quot;. We arrived at the Habtoor at 8.30a.m. and expected to wait until 2.oo p.m. until check in, but the room was ready by 11.30. The room was fantastic (tea/coffee/water supplied - not mentioned on website). Breakfasts had every selection imaginable. Restaurants very good. All the staff at Habtoor couldn't do enough for you (on previous reviews people said staffwere rude - not at all - they were excellent). Building work is going on around hotel (as in the rest of Dubai) but we didn't find it noisy at all. Hotel pool great for the kids and the Horizon pool fantastic for the adults, beach great. Shopping is great, go on the free shuttle bus to the Malls and then get a taxi to the Souk areas!! Make sure you have plenty of space in your case, because there are lots of bargins to be had in the Souk areas and in the Kararra area where bargining is a given. Would highly recommend the Habtoor and would stay there again.	
May 30 2008 	Hotel great hotel manager.......	My partner and I stayed at the Habtoor Grand for 6 nights in April. The holiday started well as we were in a lovely Tower Room which had sea views and easy access to the pool. We spent our days relaxing by the Horizon Pool which was quieter than the main pool where there were plenty of noisy children! The pool staff were very friendly and helpful as were most of the staff but not others....We had booked half board and this meant we had one meal included in our room rate each day. When we checked in we were told by reception staff that we could eat in any of the hotel restaurants excluding the Steak House. We used our half board deal most evenings but one night decided to go out with friends so took lunch in the restaurant by the pool expecting this to be included. After we ate lunch and requested the bill was put on the room as half board we were told we were not allowed to use our half board meal rate for lunch. We felt really annoyed as this is not what we were told when checking in. The reason for not including it as half board was because the Horizon Bar was not a restaurant but a bar, this could have been explained to us! Anyway we contacted Reception and asked them to confirm things and they said there had been a misunderstanding and it would be excluded from our bill.However when checking out, the meal was listed on the bill so we explained to the reception staff that we had been told a few days earlier that this would be taken off. The lady on reception was very rude and said we were lying so I asked to see the Hotel Manager.The Hotel Manager kept us waiting for 20 mins, he finally came to talk and we explained the situation again to him however he would not back down and would not accept that his reception staff had given us false information. We asked if he could remove the food from our bill and he wouldn't do this for us. It was only for about £20 but to us it was the principle of the matter! The Hotel Manager was extremely rude to us and made us feel like we were in the wrong, so much to the customer always being right! For a hotel with over 400 rooms, £20 would have made no difference to him and wouldnt he rather keep his hotel guests happy - Apparently not! I have never met such a rude man, he had absolutely no desire to keep his guests happy.We left the hotel feeling really upset about the end of our holiday. We would never go back there as both the reception staff and Hotel Manager made extremely bad Habtoor Grand memories.	
May 20 2008 	Not a Dubai Fan!	We went to dubai at the end of our 3 week honeymoon, after 2 weeks in the Maldives (Komandoo &amp; Kuredu)The first thing you notice when arriving in dubai is the building sites and the huge skyscrapers. When arriving in the hotel, being honeymooner we recieved a cheese platter and nice bottle of wine we stayed a a sea view tower room. The bed was huge with a plasma screen tv and a very spacious and clean bathroom. The veiw was fantastic. The staff were very friendly we ate in the lebanese restaurant which was very nice the italian which again was very good, but our fave was definitly the Steak house I think we both agreed it was probaly the best steak we ever had! The only downside was the price of alcohol it was working around £8 for a small bottle of lager. and £9 for a small glass of wine. Breakfast was again fantastic plenty of choice with food and fruit juices. The pool was busy and noisy but we had come from the Madives. The beach was very clean and plenty of free sun beds. the shopping was fantastic as was the weather but I think 5 nights was enough for me not a big dubai fan	
May 16 2008	A really nice getaway.... but there are better resorts nearby	I stayed at the Habtoor Grand for 8 days in mid April. We arrived in the morning and the hotel staff were really helpful and friendly making arrangements for us to use the facilities while our room was getting ready. When it came to checking in in the afternoon, we were told we'd been up-graded to a tower room, which is always a plus!!!The room was lovely and spacious but the view left a lot to be desired. There is alot of construction generally going on in Dubai, but the habtoor grand is surrounded by it. the noise isn't an issue, its just not very pleasent to be looking out at cranes every direction you turn in.The staff are absolutely wonderful and are always there for whatever help you need.I used the spa facilities a number of times and again, they were all really friendly and welcoming, they even remembered my name and would greet me personally whenever they saw me throughout the rest of my stay.The hotel has a variety of restaurants and we ate in most of them, and it was all good food, i was disappointed with anything. There is a pub in the basement, with a real london feel, where most of the ex-pats hang out and watch the premiership games which are shown on large screens. its a nice place to just hang out at the end of the day!!!!The pool area is nice but the beach isn't the best.... i booked a beach hotel specifically for the beach but didn't spend a single day on it!!!!! i could have saved a lot of money opting for a city hotel.Overall a nice hotel, but there are nicer ones in the area that i have stayed in.	
May 6 2008 	Loust Customer Service	The hotel is not a bad hotel. However, the high number of guests means drop in customer service where you really need it. When you enter the hotel, you are met with delightfully friendly staff who are polite and curteous. I enjoyed my stay but here is why I would give them an &quot;F&quot; in service.I called their reservations hotline (after booking on the Internet) to alter my reservation from 2 nights to 1 night. But when I arrived there they said nothing has taken place and said I should have noted down the name of the person who did this for me on the phone - as if I was really not telling them the truth. They then told me that I will still be charged 2 days even if I checkout after one night!When checking out the check out person was extremely slow and made a number of mistakes on her machine to get the right bill amount.They failed where customer service really matters - and ended up charging their customers for their incompetence.Other than that - the beach set-up was good, all door staff etc were all smiles, nice hotel.	
Apr 28 2008 	beautiful resort don't believe the others	After booking this hotel I panicked when I read the reviews by other travellers. However having just stayed there for 3 nights I have to say that it is a beautiful resort and was incredible value for money at $365 a night. Yes there is a lot of construction going on immediately behind the hotel, but that is the case for nearly all of Dubai.I booked a resort room (which would have been fine, they are even further from the construction towards the beach and pool) but after many upgrades found ourselves in a 9th floor room with an amazing view over the area and a balcony. The rooms were lovely and the staff fantastic. I thought the reception staff were a bit rude but attributed this to the manager who made them stick to the rules then came out and made a deal. This happened to us when they tried to put us in a smoking room and hence all the upgrades to get a non smoking room. We saw another couple have a fight over the mini bar, with the manager having all of the bottles brought down from their room to inspect. Having said that though, we had a great stay there and would highly recommend the steakhouse, where the waiters sing happy birthday and zulu music. It is a really happy and charming place to go. The beach is amazing here and not affected by adjacent construction. The hotel is handy to Mall of the Emirates and the Gold and Diamond Park (which incidently is according to the locals cheaper than the gold souk and airconditioned. Apparently the rent in the gold souk is very high). There is a free shuttle bus from the hotel. It is not close to the old town and souks. You would be better to stay in Deira for those.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great for kids! Had a lovely time!	My husband, 5 year old daughter and I, stayed at the Habtoor Grand for 6 nights during the April school break.I have to say I was very apprehensive before we arrived, as after we had booked our holiday, I read the reviews on this site and was more than slightly concerned!We arrived at the hotel in the evening and were quickly shown to our room, which was a welcome relief after the long journey. Therefor, I was dismayed to find we had been given a smoking room, despite requesting a non-smoking room??? The hallway on that floor was heavy and stale with the smell of smoke. Oh, 'hear we go' I thought. However, I have to say that after we complained we were taken back to reception and after a search that took about 40 minutes (the hotel was near full) we were found an alternative room on a 'smoke-free' floor, in the same class, which was a tower sea-view standard room. The room itself was impressive and very spacious, especially so for a standard room. We had a lovely bronze mosaic and granite bathroom, with a double walk-in shower and large bath. We also had a 6 ft+ bed, a chaise lounge, flat screen TV and arm chair. We were lucky that we had a nice view of the beach and could see the Palm to our right. I am glad that we paid the extra £150 for the sea-view, well worth it, as the back of the hotel has a lot of building going on behind it, as the whole of Dubai does!Overall, our stay at the hotel was very pleasant. We couldn't really fault it. The restaurants were good, although expensive, as most hotel restaurants in Dubai are. We paid £70-90 per night for 2 adults and 1 child, with one bottle of wine! I would highly recommend the Italian, Luciano's and the Thai restaurant, Munchi was also good.The staff were nice and friendly at all times. My daughter loved the kids pool with two slides and the life guards who kept watch, who kept her and the other kids entertained. There was a kids club but we didn't even have to use it as she had so much fun in the mini pool. The adults pool was equally nice with a bar with water stools, but I do think the pool area could be improved further with more lush planting and the sun bed cushions were looking a bit tired and in need of replacement, but despite this we enjoyed our time around the pool side, and I can honestly say we did not hear any building work that others have mentioned while we were there. Yes, we saw building going on, but noise was not a problem for us, which was a bonus as we had expected to hear some.Other plus pints, we used the free shuttle from the hotel to go to the Mall of the Emirates, which is a short ride away. Breakfast was good, although a little on the busy side at times! Well equipped gym and private beach.In comparison to other hotels in Dubai, I would say that the Habtoor Grand is a good four-star establishment, not the five-star it is sometimes given on holiday sites. We went to the Meridien, which is right next door for a meal, and that really highlighted the difference between the Habtoor and the 'big guns'. The Habtoor is 'good', but they are 'luxury'. The Meridien in comparison to the Habtoor, is aesthetically more pleasing in terms of lush gardens, more open space and grand marble decor. We had considered staying at the Meridien but it was £650 more for the six nights, and yes it is a superior, more luxurious hotel, but I'm glad we didn't spend the extra as we really enjoyed our holiday, so would it have really been necessary? On top of that we ate in the &quot;Primerib' at the Meridien and paid £180 for 2 adults and a child, with one bottle of the cheapest wines on the menu and no desserts! We were 'gobsmacked' and slightly relieved that we didn't opt for the Meridien as we could have ended up paying double what we did at the Habtoor.In summary, if you are looking for a child-friendly, good service and value for money hotel, then the Habtoor is a good choice. If you are looking for luxury and sheer opulence then perhaps try the Meridien, One &amp; Only or Madinat complex, but expect to pay almost double for it!	
Apr 18 2008 	I have mixed feelings about it	The hotel was quite good, my room was large, but it was not up to the standard of some of the other 5 star establishments I have stayed in on the same strip. The room was fine, very large and a good view, the bathroom looked like they had attempted to be like the Madinat Jumeirah's Mina Salam hotel, but failed to achieve the same result. I had the unfortunate experience to wait 80mins for my rare steak to turn up at my table in the English Pub only for it to be very well done. The waitress then attempted to assure me it was indeed rare and I must have been mistaken. I asked for my money back and left for the Hard Rock Cafe just down the road. For the most part though the hotel was good. The pool and beach areas are nice, I had a massage in their spa area and it was brilliant and was attending a conference there and the conference facilities appeared fine. The room itself was quite set-up for the business travellor. The room was about $400 a night and although my employer paid for it, I still did not think it was worth it. The restaurants were also a tad on the $$$ side, but nice. There are better hotels for around the same price in the same area. It was good (apart from my rare steak taking too long and being told it was not well done episode), the staff are friendly, but I just felt it was missing something.	
Apr 16 2008 	Wouldn't stay at the Habtoor for a third time	We first stayed at the Habtoor for a week in November 2006 in a club room and enjoyed our stay. We opted for a three night stop over in Dubai in March on our return from the Maldives. We were unable to get booked into the likes of the Ritz Carlton, Al Qasr etc. so opted for the Habtoor based on our previous holiday.Unfortunately, we did not particularly enjoy our stay this time. The room was OK - sea view with a small balcony - but the furnishings were worn and dirty. Breakfast in the main restaurant was appalling - service non-existent. To ask for a latte and be presented with a cup of black coffee with a teaspoon of frothy milk is a joke. Even that took 20 minutes to prepare. To get an ordinary cup of black coffee I literally had to take my cup to the man circulating between the tables and ask. I was told to go and sit down - he would follow me over to serve my drink but decided to stop off at a few other tables on the way.It was very noisy during our stay - and not alone construction noise. Loud music blaring from speakers around both pools, unruly and badly behaved children, noisy pool games / balls being lobbed about the pool. The final evening of our stay was disturbed by guests in an adjoining room who had left a toddler with a teenage babysitter. A trip to reception was required to attend to the problem after repeated requests to the guests were ignored. Not a relaxing trip.There are lots better hotels out there for a similar price. Don't waste your money here.	
Apr 14 2008 	great stay	We stayed at the habtoor in a tower room with sea view, excellent, we had a corner tower room, out of one window it was armagedon with buiding work, but quite interesting, could wave at the workmen, and from the other window a beautiful view of the gulf, beach and also the palm. The staff were veyr friendly and couldn't do enough, we ate at the thai restaurant the food was excellent, would definetly go back.My only complaint was it was very difficult to walk out of the front of the hotel because of all the construction. it was easier to get taxi's but that is dubai at the moment.	
Apr 2 2008 	Avoid!	The staff are rude. The breakfast is poor. There were mosquitoes in our room. The room was OK. The prices is CRAZY! There has to be much better hotels in Dubai than this one!	
Mar 31 2008 	Terrible Terrible Hotel!!!!	We had planned our two week vacation to Dubai for nearly a year and my partner and I were really looking forward to it. How wrong we were!!! We arrived at the hotel to find that our room was not ready at 1600 after a long flight this was the last thing that we needed. When our room was ready, 3 hours later, we wearily dragged our cases up there (no sign of help). Once in our room we discovered dirty sheets, dirty bathroom and four dead cochroaches!!! We asked our room to be changed, which it was and the new room was not much better. But as we were so tired we just gave up and slept, hoping that next would bring better things. Again, we were so wrong. The staff were so rude and unhelpful during the whole 2 weeks of our stay, that at the end we were happy to return home. I would not advise this hotel to anyone!!! Please take caution.	
Mar 24 2008	Great hotel far from the best but good value relative to others	I'm just back from a fabulous 5 day stint in Dubai. We chose the Habtoor as we didnt want to stay at the 'chain' hotels in the same price bracket- the sheraton and the hilton, both very close to habtoor... it was the RIGHT decision! The habtoor has an arabian feel to it, not the 'clinical' feel that you get in the hilton etc. The staff are exceptionally helpful (almost TOO helpful!) and the facilities are excellent. I particularly loved the 'Horizon pool on the 3rd flr- no children up there so great for singles/couples without children. Fab views of the Burj in the distance!The hotel has a fabulous selection (14 i think?) of restaurants- we ate in 3 of them and all 3 were lovely. THe breakfast buffet was fantastic- fresh juice, fruit, croissants, fry up, omellets, porridge, cheeses, you name it, it was there. Breakfast, however, was chaotic. YOu had to Queue to get a table, adn then sometimes it was difficult to get a bowl for cereal etc..The hotel has an exceptionally good gym- a gym that would do as a full time gym- plenty of high tech equipment.. it could do with being colder though, but that's just a small complaint! the Spa is also excellent although book a few days in advance. It was much nicer than i expected.Location- it's not the best location (in terms of seeing the rest of dubai) BUT, it's a mere 5 minute taxi ride (off peak) from mall of emerates, madinat, ski dubai, jumeriah/burj etc.. it's a bit on the outskirts of dubai, but it is right on the beach.. it's also very close to the Grosvernor House, home to Bar 44 AND Buddha Bar, 2 of the best bars in town (along with bar 360 out on the sea near the burj)In summary, i believe the Habtoor is the best hotel in it's 4 star class/ value for money. It's not 5 star luxury, it's not the Meridien or the Madinat etc., but it was thoroughly enjoyable and great value relatively speaking. I would stay there again without a doubt, and having seen the hilton/sheraton pool areas (they are similar price ranges) the Habtoor is far superior.I cannot WAIT to go back to Dubai again, and if i cant afford to stay in Al Qasr (in the Madinat complex) next time 'round, then i'll happily go back to the Habtoor.	
Mar 22 2008 	couldnt fault the habtoor grand	Stayed for 4 days at the Habtoor in one of the ground floor rooms overlooking the pool. I cant fault the Habtoor Grand and enjoyed the experience so much. Hotel lobby very nice with plenty of helpfull staff, The room was beautifull with fresh fruit every day. It overlooked the pool and it was really relaxing to wake up to such a beautifull view. Did not hear any construction noise at all so maybe the ground floor villas are the preffered rooms. Yes there is construction going on in the beach area but cant say it bothered us one bit, the beach and hotel is a large area so was able to avoid even seeing it. If seeing too much construction will spoil your holiday then i would wait another couple of years before comming to Dubai as you cannot avoid it.But there are more than enough completed buildings now that more than compensate what is still going up. The pool at the Habtoor is beatiful , we ate in the Italien restaurant and the meal was exceptional. The spa was geat, try the recovery head massage , my neck felt relaxed for the first time in ages. Breakfast was included in the price , and there was ewvewrything you could imagine to eat, from various fresh fruits to cereals , smoked salmon , meats , cheeses, cooked breakfast, cereals, dried fruits, pancakes, etc, etc. it kept us going right through the day. Anyway would definitely recomend this hotel, unless of course you have the money to go to the Jumeira Beach hotel or even the Burj el arab, yes of course that is a totally differant level but the Burj is someyhing like £800 per night plus, We payed £ 700 for a double room for three nights, including breakfast. While in Dubai , the open top bus ride is great for getting to see all the sights, you can pick it up daily outside the Royal meridian, just to the right of the Habtoor Grand. Also a great day and evening is the Desert Safari trip, a bit scary speeding up and down the sand dunes, but if i can do it (bit nervous) any one can, and the evening in the desert camp was good fun, camel rides, watching the sun set, nice food, belly dancing. The Mall of the Emirates is something to see with the SKi Dubai inside, quite incredible. Dubai was a great experience and so was the Habtoor Grand.	
Mar 11 2008 	Building Site Complete With 24HR Noise	I stayed at the HABTOOR GRAND RESORT AND SPA during 20TH TO 27TH FEB 08.we stayed in a FAMILY TOWER ROOM the room had yellow walls that had DIRTY black marks on the one nearest to the bed(reception sent house keeping to clean immediatly).There were 2 SINGLE beds and a pull out SOFA BED,(That had a 1 inch foam matress that SANK in the middle, A WHOLE in the side of the sofa).We were offrered an extra SINGLE bed after we complained! Not impressed at all. This is NOT a 5* Hotel, more like 3* at a push.2 SINGLE BEDS and a SOFA BED are not suitable For a family of 2 adults with1 teenageGIRL and an 8 year old BOY.Building site opposite, (Habtoor's new headquaters), CONSTANT Background noise 24 hours. Site lit up all night by fllodlights.Beach surrounded by wooden panels, you can see and hear, trucks full of rubble etc, from early morning until dark. Again, CONSTANT noise. Staff do try their best to be helpful.Told building would be going on for quite some months yet.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this hotel to anyone who enjoys peace and quiet. Breakfast buffet was very busy and quite expensive.All in all, a VERY BAD EXPERIENCE!!!	
Feb 28 2008	Above acceptable bit steep lots better out there loads of construction going	Stayed here with work in one of the &quot;resort villa's&quot; I think they are called, Room 20? .OK Hotel - Don't bother with a normal Marhaba - they are good for nothing - if you really want someone to ferry you through the airport then book the Diamond Marhaba - they pretty much meet you right of the plane.The Habtoor is OK you know. The only downside really is the ammoiunt of construction going on. Becasue I was on the ground floor and in the bit near the pool it was tough to get my head down. That said, if you are going to Dubai foir a holidy then you'll expect there to be a lot of construction.Pool and restaurants in the hotel were all very nice - the Meat place is probably the best value.Get a Taxi to and from the Airport. It's more than half the price that the hotel charge for the same service.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great hotel for kids v. busy but half term....	We are regular visitors of Dubai visiting 3 times per year, and mostly stay at the One &amp; Only. We (my husband and I and our 4 year old daughter), visited Habtoor for a week in Feb half term. I wasn't v. impressed with the outside, it is all buidling works, and my first impressions when I got there, was it was a busy hotel, and not as nice as our usual One &amp; Only. However, I was willign to give benefit of doubt, and being 5 months pregnant was just wanting a rest...The rooms were great, we were checked in early at 10am, and had a basket of fruit, chocolates, water, tea etc waiting for us. THe rooms were really big, we were in a seaview room. The bathrooms were great with nice toilettries. The buffet was fantastic better than the One &amp; Only, which surprised me, as usually it can't be beaten, but this was really good food. I managed to gain weight which having suffered pregnancy sickness was v. good! The pools were fantastic, we loved the kiddies pool which our little girl played in all the time, and the water slides. It was v. v. child friendly. There are 2 jacuzzies in teh pool, one where everyone can go and an adult heated one. The pool was also heated. The kids clubs were great, although our little girl didn't go in them, every night she chose 2 DVDs from there to watch in our room (which came with DVD player!) The staff were excellent, very attentive. The gym which I use regularly was absolutely fantastic, the same as my Esporta gym at home, with same equipment. However, the air conditioning was useless so it got very hot. I had 2 spa treatments, a facial (not very good, they left me for 15 minutes whilst my mask worked and kept banging the door), but my Head Recovery Massage was brilliant, really deep and got rid of all my knots. Room service was fine, and housekeeping was very good, giving us fresh towels twice a day, and chocolates every night. We got fruit twice, and fresh water all the time. On Valentines I got a red rose and heart silk box filled with chocolates. As usual we visited Mall of Emirates, and Ski Dubai, which my daughter loves, and the Karama centre, as I always go back to the same person for my bags - we are regular customers and always get a fantastic buy from him. If you are interested, I have his card so e-mail me if you wish. My only gripe with the hotel was it was so busy, whereas at teh one &amp; only you always feel like yo uare the only people there. It was also not as &quot;classy&quot; as the one &amp; only (although I am the biggest Chav out there, so my hubby thinks!) The hotel was great, and I would fully recommend it. In fact in some ways I preferred it to the Jumeriah, One &amp; Only, and Sheraton. Yes, there are lots of building work, everywhere in Dubai, I think Dubai is getting to built up now, some times it did annoy me, trying to sunbathe and I could hear the building works, but it was no louder than all the children playing. You can't fault the hotel at all, really good. Ignore any bad reviews you see on here!	
Feb 14 2008	building site	The Habtoor has some very good deals on at the moment and that is because you will be staying on a building site.The habtoor has continuous noise from the trucks and diggers on the beach and you will struggle to sleep - no matter where in the building you stay.This is my 3rd visit to Dubia and this hotel is nothing compared to others i have stayed in. The beach is completely off limits unless you can put up with a tractor digging up the beach around you.The pool is nice but you sometimes struggle to get a chair after 11- it gets very busy.My advise with this hotel is - you get what you pay for!If you can afford it stay at the Royal meridan, royal mirage or Jemirah instead.	
Feb 3 2008 	no where near a five star hotel	We know Dubai very well having lived there for a number of years and were returning this time for a holiday. We booked ino the Habtoor as we wanted to stay on the beach and most hotels were booked up so it was a second choiceAs with most areas in Dubai constuction is unavoidable and part of the package. However the hotel failed to declare that a huge construction project is underway on the beach in front of the hotel. This isa 24 hour construction site and there is no escaping the noise, dust and constant trail of lorriesWe had arranged directly with the hotel a limo collection from the airport upon arrival. This failed to materialise. My pre booked treatments in the spa were infact never recorded so on arrival that was most disapointing. I was also over charged for treatments - not the relaxing start to the holiday we had hoped for!We were unfortunate to be in dubai during freak rain which resulted in us using the room more than usual. As I am pregnant I took to resting in the afternoon and switching on my do not disturb sign for a couple of hours. I had three knocks at the door from housekeeping and finally a phone call from reception asking when I would be turning off the do not disturb sign! To add insult to injury at midnight that night housekeeping arrived with two glasses of fruit juice as an apology!The rooms are OK - quite spacious and the pool area would be great for children. Our main complaint is that this is by no means a five star hotel and is way below standard in Dubai. The hotel management ignored all our complaints and this resulted in our checking out and hot foooting across the road to the Grosvenor House Hotel for a couple of nights. What a contrast, butler service exceptional restaurants, the opportunity to use the Royal merdian beach across the road,all for a cheaper price. definatley worth looking at.We continued our stay at the royal mirage which was a far better option for a beach holiday. Just be cautious about the Habtoor Grand. If you have high expectations of a five star hotel avoid it llike the plague. I	
Feb 2 2008	"best hotel I have ever been to"	Most amazing hotel I have ever been to! The lobby was amazing, a huge fountain in the center and lovely staff members. There is a water slide at the pool. Its location is beside the amazing beach where you can pararglyde, snorkle, ect.. breakfast is lovely too. The rooms are breath-taken. If you want a good impression on Asia,, go to this hotel. I would recommend it for everyone.	
Feb 1 2008 	Surrounded by building sites	If you dont mind being surrounded by building work this is the place for you. But apart from walking along the beach you are trapped as it is to dangerous to walk around due to the building work having taken the paths away.Having said that we found the staff excellent, our room was lovely as we were upgraded to a Club Seaview, the facilities including Gym, Pool, Gardens were very nice and the food was Ok.The shopping malls provided transport to and from and you could walk from the Burjaman Mall to the centre.	
Jan 25 2008 	Would definitely return	Just visited for 3 nights last week &amp; had a wonderful experience. The staff was very warm, attentive and helpful. We stayed in a tower room with partial sea view - it was beautifully appointed &amp; the bathroom was gorgeous also. The pool area &amp; beach was very nice - although we did not get to enjoy it due to the weather. The Thai restaurant was okay - but we really enjoyed the Italian restaurant, room service and the breakfast buffets. The spa was very nice also &amp; we enjoyed the treatments. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Jan 22 2008 	Beautiful hotel	This is a beautiful hotel. We had a lovely corner room with views of the beach with the Burj in the distance. Our room was spacious, with a gorgeous bathroom. We enjoyed the restaurants, we ate here most nights and tried out the Munchi Thai Asian restaurant (yum) plus the one on the 25th floor with a group. The pool area was lovely and service was prompt. The whole resort was clean including the beach area. I loved the way the camels wandered up the beach.I found the staff courteous and helpful and would defintely stay here again.	
Jan 16 2008 	Five star plus	Its New Years Eve I'm tired and so is my husband and 7 year old son as we get out of the taxi of the Habtoor hotel. We suddenly wake up and feel lively as soon as we enter the lobby. WOW!! What a sight - magnificent with lovely Christmas decor, the floor was shiny, and the greeting staff and smiling faces makes you want to smile back. My eyes well up with pure delight that we have chosen this beautiful hotel. We arrived at 8.30am. Check in was not til 2pm. Our early check in request was granted at 10am. We arrived in a our room which was very spacious in the Palm Tower. As we waited for the luggage we looked out of the window and could only see part of the 'sea view'. The corner room of the towers view was not to our satisfaction. We called reception and explained that we had paid for sea view. The exchange of the room went smoothly. We arrived on the 11th floor of the other tower with a balcony. WOW! What a sight! The New Years Eve Gala was fantastic. The food was out of this world - fresh, great presentation. Each table had their own waiter. Our glasses were never empty. Great entertainment for the kids. The staff overall were very friendly and the concierge were most helpful. They couldn't do enough for you. 'Your wish is my command' and very respectful. My son fell ill on my birthday early hours in the morning and reception was great when I asked for a doctor. He arrived as promised and thoroughly checked him over - pharynigitis. My son was given 2 injections as a quick fix. Reception even went to get the prescription for me. I was then woken up with telephone call wishing me a Happy Birthday and if they could bring up my birthday cake. A great surprise. My second birthday cake was from the Burj Al Arab. Oh My God!! What an experience that was. We dined in the new Junsui buffet restaurant. The Maitre'd really looked after us. Because my son was not well and didnt eat much they did not charge us and made sure he was ok. We felt like royalty - amazing service. Dubai overall is amazing - yes there is construction but in 10 years time it will be the worlds biggest holiday resort. The shopping malls - got to do it. The gold souk is a nighmare. Don't do what we did - come back with nothing. We went to 5 shops and got fed of looking. Advise - go into one shop, pick what you like and haggle. There is no way you can visit 360 shops!! Go to experience Safari Desert. Only transport taxis but cheap not like the beer. But you do need to respect their muslim culture. They do not serve alcohol on special Islamic days. WE will be returning to this hotel in the very near future. Have a great holiday. Don't blink!	
Jan 3 2008 	Nice Hotel...a little far from the City	This is a very nice Hotel. It is a bit far from 'Old' City Gold Souk.Gym is top Quality and Pool including swim up Bar is great. Beach is very Clean.	
Jan 1 2008	Excellent hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in Dec.The hotel is beautiful with attentive service, some great places to eat in the grounds of the hotel. A very relaxing place that is relatively close to attractions like: Mall of Emirates, the Madinat Soukh and Wadi water park. There are always taxis outside and the staff are very helpful.The Negatives: Dubai is literally 1 big construction site with 24hr digging/excavation work next door.Breakfast- a little bland- go to the More cafe instead an amazing little find- the best coffee- food in Dubai especially breakfast- delicous and a short taxi ride away.All in all a great hotel, the room was gorgeous and fantastic facilities for our 2 year old son.We will definitely return.	
Dec 31 2007 	Do not trust them even if you have a written confirmation!	Travellers should not trust this hotel with their travel plans to Dubai. Owned by a powerful local family, AlHabtoor as the name indicates, the management seems to believe that they can get away with anything. On the morning of December 30, 2007, I visited their website to book a suite for my family for new years eve. The only available room/suite was an Ambassador Suite which comes at a cost of more than US$500 per night. I booked the suite online for December 31, 2007 and guaranteed the booking with my credit card. Sure enough I was sent an email confirming my booking within the hour. A few hours later and over the course of the afternoon, I received more than 8 calls from the hotel management claiming that there was a 'technical error' and the suite would cost an additional US$2,000! I insisted that I have the confirmation in writing and my booking is guaranteed for $500. In total arrogance, they said that although it was their mistake they would only be able to offer me a small room in the old section of the resort for US$700, else I should dish out the extra $2,000 for the suite! Of course I refused and insisted that I would show up as planned to claim my reservation at the confirmed rate. In the early evening, I received an email cancelling the original 'guaranteed' reservation without me having requested a cancellation! I replied insisting that the reservation be reinstated and never heard from the hotel again. My email exchange with the hotel is available for interested travellers. Visitors to Dubai should avoid this property and are better off using the other internationally managed hotels along the Jumeirah beach.	
Dec 21 2007 	Good hotel	Friendly and efficient staff. No tipping required or expected. Room was impressive, although I got an upgrade. The main restaurant was OK but, nothing special, but I'm a bit jaded with travel for work.The hotel is directly on the beach, with nothing interesting within walking distance. When I went, there was lots of building work going on.Dubai is a bit of a concrete jungle, but if you want a hotel bu the beach holiday, then I would recommend both Dubai and the Habtoor.	
Dec 6 2007 	Heaven on Earth with a few buts....	i went to Habtoor a few months ago and it was the most amazing experience of my life. Perhaps its because im only young and i havn't seen much of the world yet, but i can safely say that Dubai on a whole is such a beautiful place and is one that you have to see to believe it's real. I have to admit, when i got to Habtoor, flying all the way from England, me and my family were so tired and just wanted to go to our room and and rest, but our room wasn't ready. Before we went, we read that the check in time for the hotel was 2 o clock, but we thought it couldn't make much difference could it? In fact it did. we arrived at Habtoor at 10 or 11 am and didn't get a room til 1. I was so furious about this because, it's not everyday you get to go to paradise and we were only staying for a few days so i valued the time we had, and yet i spent the first few hours of my holiday sitting in the lobby, dirty, tired, from all the travelling. it was not pleasant. But, me, my brother and sister decided to go and kill some time by checking out the pool and beach and let me tell you something. Once you set your eyes on that amazingly white sand and your foot sinks into the hot and softness of it, you forget about any problems you have. At that point I thought to myself, I LOVE IT HERE !! After that, it wasn't too long before we got our room and the holiday was....im too lost for words...i cant describe it... All i can say is, just experience it for youself. Save up lots of money(because you've got to have quite a lot to have a good time there). Yess i would suggest you have MORE THAN ENOUGH money before you go, so tthat you can enjoy all the amazing activities Dubai has such as the Desert Safari, which is a priceless expereince.So although Habtoor had a few flaws, I think it's definitely the best hotel I'v ever been to, everything about it was luxurious. The whole atmosphere of the hotel just makes you feel excentric, it really is paradise..I cant express it anymore. The beach is honestly, truly, THE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING YOU'LL EVER SEE, truly spectacular. So I say DEFINITELY ! If you're thinking of going, definitely go !!!!! you WILL NOT regret it. super amazing. best time of my life. I want to go back :(oh and emrites is an awesome airline, excellent service. Thanks for reading. x x x	
Nov 16 2007 	Very nice hotel	We\stayed in the hotel from the 7th till the 16th of November. We thought the hotel was great! The staff was always very friendly and the room got cleaned twice a day! The only two drawbacks are that there is a lot of construction going around the hotel (but that's also in the whole of Dubai). The restaurants in the hotel are not that great. You should go out and eat in other holels. I would certainly vome to this hotel again since it is one of the cheapest on the beach site	
Nov 9 2007 	My stay at the Habtoor Grand Resort 	I cannot speak in behalf of others. I will not assume that its not a good hotel just because of several aspects. But I will try to describe my stay in this hotel based on my experience:Upon arrival, the staffs are nice and smiling awkwardly.Some of them are not comfortable to talk with as they look so fidgety and they look new as well, like they dont know what they are doing. There is no system in the reception, on other hotels, there are specific people for check-in's and check-out's. Here, you can go to whomever is free and not looking busy.They are nice and always smiling though, so I assume they are new staffs.We waited for the room and was advised by a guest services agent that we can go to a lounge to have complimentary tea and coffee which is appropriate since the room will be ready before 2pm, which is the standard check-in time according to the nice asian girl at guest services. She patiently informed us of the facilities in the hotel and even gave us magazines.The GSA's are very nice but one time when I was looking for someone to assist me with restaurant reservations they are standing in the lobby like they are waiting for top VIP who will be coming in the hotel. Its odd because, they already have hostesses and they have to help other guests instead of concentrating on just one VIP. To be fair, the asian girl is very helpful and you will admire her patience with the guests who sometimes occupy her time.The concierge are very helpful too. One african guy was helpful with the flight confirmation but he talks too softly I can barely understand. The head is very efficient and he knows what he is doing.The restaurant reservations are helpful.In this hotel, you have to look for someone who speaks good english in order for you to be taken cared of otherwise, it will be a waste of time talking with everyone and still they dont seem to understand you.Always ask the receptionists what are you entitled for. I was surprised I can have tea and coffee station in my room for free, whilst I paid for 2 days.The pool area at the 3rd floor is fantastic! The pool area near the beach is nice but if you will be sunbathing in the beach you have to ask for the trolley man to deliver your orders like water and juices.They have state of the art gym and nice staffs too.Since we seldom stay in our room, I think the staffs who cleans it are very thorough but the fruits are not always changed.If you state this problem to the guest services you will not have the same cold treatment again.They also have fast service number who are very helpful as well. Its better to call the fast service than the reception who will just trnsfer your call to somewhere else.I have learned that this hotel is a leisure hotel, how come the staffs looks so beaten and tired and stressed out?You have to give it to them since even if they look stressed they still smile and alwyas greet you good morning.The hotel has construction all over but so does the whole Dubai. If you dont want to hear constructions, everywhere you go there will be so just bring an ear plug.All in all, the holiday is fine and in the end you are the one who makes your holiday a success.	
Nov 7 2007 	Get To The Habtoor !!!!!	Just got back from the Habtoor was really worried about some of the reviews on here i have stayed at the Jumeriah Beech hotel and i thought i had made the wrong decision to stay at the Habtoor. HOW WRONG I WAS !!!! FANTASTIC HOTEL despite some building work around the hotel staff briliant restaurants great (italian&amp;thai) will be going back asap.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great Hotel	We had a really good stay here. Friendly staff, lovely pool and beach, and nice rooms.	
Oct 31 2007 	The Habtoor is terrific	The hotel is located in a the Marina district of Dubai. It's a great location. The beach and pools are absolutely wonderful. The staff is also extremely helpful and friendly.	
Oct 28 2007 	Way above our expectations	Having read some negative reviews about this hotel on this site, we were concerned about our choice of hotel before we left. All I can say is pay more attention to the positive reviews about this hotel. We arrived at 3am, the reception staff were excellent and friendly and we were settled in our room within 15 minutes. The service in the hotel is faultless, the facilities excellent and the restaurants we ate in were better than other restaurants we sampled at supposedly more up-market hotels. The service by both pools, but particularly at the Infinity pool was exceptional and the staff were great with the children. Requests for more water / mini bar contents/ more towels etc were answered and deliverered in minutes - even at 3.30am ! Throughout our weeks stay, we felt completely relaxed and I would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly.	
Oct 27 2007 	One of thebest hotels I've stayed in!!	Have just come back form 5 nights in Dubai staying at the Habtoor Grand...its amazing and I'm definitely returning there in 2008!! The place is amazing with excellent facilities...located on Jumeriah beach it really had everything and more that we wanted. It was worth paying a bit more for a Club Grand Sea View room which also came with access to the Club Lounge where we could have snacks and happy hour drinks (all included). Th staff are so friendly and go out of their way for you. My 5 year old boy loved it! All in all an excellent hotel. Definitely recommended.	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Hotel receptionists were very helpful, all staff very polite and very accomodating and lots of staff.We stayed 2 nights and had a meal in the 25th Restaurant which was excellent both food and service, and we had a meal in the flame grill restaurant again food excellent and service excellent.I cannot fault this hotel, very clean, bright and the pool was excellent with swim up bar and loads of loungers, private beach again excellent.No problems with Taxi's plenty of staff to get them for you right outside the front door, nothing is too much trouble.Would definately recommend this hotel and will return.	
Oct 23 2007 	A great place overall	We stayed at the Habtoor Grand during the third week of October 2007. The hotel was proposed to us by our travel agent and I have to admit I had some reservations after reading some reviews here, but fortunately this has not stopped us from staying there.We arrived at the Habtoor around midnight and the check-in process took only a few minutes. We discovered that our tower sea-view room was at a non-smoking zone although we had requested a smoking room. The hotel acknowledged the fact that it was their mistake and they immediately gave us a Club tower sea-view room (12th floor-tower B) at no extra cost.CONSTRUCTION:Yes the Habtoor is next to the Marina construction site and the Palm construction site. There is also construction going on behind the hotel. There are no pavements and walking outside the hotel is not impossible but not particularly easy. Nevertheless, I cannot see any reason why should anyone walk outside the hotel as there is nothing much to do at walking distance. A visit to the Malls, Jumeirah town, City centre and the Creek requires car transportation and taxis are cheap and always available. Noise from construction is not bad and certainly you hear nothing while in the hotel whereas the noise in the tower rooms (facing the beach) is barely noticeable. While on the beach there was a helicopter flying above the construction site from time to time but this was also not annoying, I would say it was a rather spectacular sight along with the skyscrapers along the beach. Moreover I can't see why someone who would be annoyed by construction at the Habtoor would not feel the same in the Meridien or the Hilton which are a few hundred metres away and share the same beach. I think that soon after construction has finished, Habtoor will be at the very best part of Jumeirah beach so future visitors keep that in mind.THE ROOM:The room was very big with superb view and had a beautiful bathroom and a balcony. It featured a great king sized bed (maybe only the mattress at home would feel as comfortable), a sofa, a large LCD TV and DVD and a safe. Decoration had an Arabian touch with some beautiful paintings, vases and carpets. Complimentary fruit, water and chocolates were delivered daily. Room was made up twice a day unless you pressed the &quot;do not disturb button&quot;. Temperature in the room was very well regulated by the A/C system, but coming from a warm country we found the A/C not necessary for most of our staying there. Even with the A/C switched off and 35c outside, room temperature was 24-25c, very pleasant for us.POOL and BEACH:The hotel has a great pool with water massage and a separate jacuzzi. The maximum depth is 1.5 metres so obviously diving is not allowed however for me this is a big advantage as you can swim and relax without the noise and the splashes from diving champions' wannabes. Lifeguards are everywhere so kids and adults alike can feel safe there. The Horizon pool is also very nice for those who prefer a very quiet spot. We tried both pools but for me the beach was THE place to be. A few minutes walk from the pool, the Jumeirah beach stretches as far your eye can see, with its white sand and clear waters. Water temperature was around 25c so you actually wanted to stay in the water for hours. Sun beds were always available and the hotel staff was always there to help you. I would recommend the beach as it offers you more space than the pool and the breeze from the sea makes the atmosphere less humid compared to the pool.ELIXIR SPA:The spa located in the hotel offers a wide range of services. My wife had a hand and nail spa which according to what she told me was excellent. I am not an expert on these issues so I will not say more but there was a brochure with all the things you could do there and I have to admit it was impressive. One of them was some treatment with cosmetics based on chocolate. I admit I was tempted but I did not try it.RESTAURANTS AND BARS:Do try the South African Grill restaurant and the bar on the 25th floor of A tower.THE STAFF:Being one of the stronger points of this hotel, the staff is always there to help when you need them. Always polite and friendly. I wish I could thank each of them personally once again. It's true that the staff is also human beings and will respond better to someone who treats them as such.OVERALL:I would definitely recommend the Habtoor Grand Resort and I look forward to visiting that place again.OTHER HOTELS:I will only speak about 5-star hotels in Jumeirah since I do not think that I would like to stay in the centre (unless I was a business traveler). From this perspective, there are 3 classes of such hotels: the Burj (vanity class), a class of its own which you should visit for an afternoon tea maybe but overall it is a very boring place (I have to admit that gold plated trash bins are not my style). The second class consists of the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, the Madinat and the Carlton which are on the beach, they are excessively luxurious and justify in that way the higher prices they charge. The third class includes hotels like Habtoor, the Hilton, the Royal Meridien etc which are ideally located on the beach, provide a wide range of amenities and a very high level of service at a more reasonable cost. They are luxurious but not the fairy-tale type like the ones in class 2.THE CITY: It is hard to ask for something from a holiday destination that Dubai does not provide. Stable warm weather (end of October was between 37c and 29c), a feeling of security, excellent beach, first class services, delicious international food, shopping malls, reasonable prices and bargains, a large number of activities (do NOT miss the desert safari and the dune dinner), a variety of restaurants and bars and friendly people.Now to be fair, there are a few things Dubai does not have. One is rich history and antiquities, however since we are from Greece we did not not mind. A second thing a tourist cannot find easily in Dubai is locals, so forget about getting deeper into Arab culture and traditions and enjoy the international atmosphere. One last thing you may find annoying in Dubai is traffic as the lack of an extensive network of public transport makes everyone use a car and you may need more than an hour to get from Jumeirah beach to the city centre at times.TIP: Take some time to speak to people living and working there. They come from so many different countries. They will tell you about real every day life in Dubai, things you will probably will not hear from a guide. They will talk to you about their cultures, their hopes and dreams, their working conditions. Do not stay on the surface.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great Time In Dubai at the Habtoor	Irish Couple: Mid 20'sWe stayed at the Habtoor Grand for eight nights in late September, in a sea view tower room, and overall had a really positive experience. What makes the Habtoor grand really special is the staff, they are always friendly and helpful, and will go out of there way to help you, despite what some of the other reviews say. Our room was very spacious, clean and the decor very nice. Just take note that if is an lot of construction going on around the hotel, and if you are like some of those people who have put up bad reviews of the hotel because of this reason i would not stay here. I would recommend the horizon pool on the third floor, the pool itself is very nice and there was always plenty of sun lounges free. The thai/chinese restaurant Mun Chi at the pool side had gorgeous food and they do cater for veggies aswell. The Underground Pub is quite smoky and if ur not into English football and that type of atmosphere i would avoid it. The gym is also well equiped and the spa facilities are of a very high standard.Bar 44 in the Governor House Hotel just across the road from Habtoor is very nice and has amazing views of the skyline, and has fab cocktails!!(though they can be expensive) I would also recommend doing a desert safari, they are such good fun, and you can book them from the guest services in the hotel lobby. If you are going to Dubai, it is also worth booking a dinner or afternoon tea in the Burj Al Arab, it is an experience in itself.. and well worth the money!!Overall the hotel is a fantastic place and desires to a 5-star!!	
Oct 1 2007 	Don't bother	After having had a fantastic experience at the Royal Meridian last year, we decided to return to Dubai. This time we stayed at the Habtoor, and I wish we hadn't.The amenities were good, the (sea view tower room) was nice and clean, the bed comfortable, and the bathroom very nice.There was the usual choice for breakfast, but they very promptly removed the food at 10.30. Service was atrocious. You were lucky to get a cup of tea by the time you were half way through your breakfast, and the table was regularly missing a cup, glass, fork, etc. Every enquiry to provide the missing item was met with 'Yes Ma'am', and then nothing happened. Be prepared to ask 3-4 times for each item, and to get up from your table and hunt for someone to listen. Staff are very good at ignoring you.Room was quite often not cleaned before 3 - 4 pm, and turn-down service only happened occasionally (which is when they provide more bottled water - the water to buy was quite expensive). We had booked half-board - the buffet was the same every night, and again staff seemed to be unable to cope with the two tables that were occupied - they showed you to your table and then turned away without asking whether you would like a drink. Water comes with the buffet, however, you need to know that and ask for it, otherwise they will sell you one of their expensive bottles (once you've hunted them down to order a drink). Food was very average. Staff tried to overcharge us 3 on three occasions. When we asked staff if we could take the half board allowance to the other restaurants within the hotel, we got four different answers. Therefore, surprise, the final bill was higher than expected, and only when challenged, did they agreed that they had overcharged us.Pool: plenty of sun beds, which were fine. Very loud dance music, more suited to a club or an 18-30 holiday in a 2 star in Spain. But maybe that was to drown out the building works. Toilets were sometimes quite dirty, and a lot of the little kids were not wearing aqua-nappies. The pool on the third floor is adult-only, but is really prone to the building noise from the Marina, and there were also kids (sans aqua-nappies) in this pool.Although the hotel boasts that it has got 13 restaurants, half of them are only snack bars, and they all serve the same (over-priced) menu.The noise from the building of the palm was really noticeable at night (the beeping of reversing trucks), and if you need to use the internet for checking your flight, be prepared to pay for a whole hour, which is their minimum.Service at the pool was slow, you would have to go and remind them that you had ordered something once in a while.When someone more important arrived at the pool, space was made at the front of the sun beds, and tables were taken away from other people to provide to the new comers.When reading some of the other reviews, I really wonder if we stayed at the same hotel? At a 5 star you should not have to ask several times for something, the atomosphere should not be 2 star Spanish hotel, and staff should not be ignoring a simple request such as a drinks order. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel, as it is not relaxing having to sort out everything yourself every morning.	
Sep 30 2007	Excellent but beware!	This is really an excellent hotel with everything! The decor, the facilities, the staff were first class. Pity we were there in August ( the hottest time) and the temp didn't get below 45 and reached 50 one day. Consequently we made heavy use of the pool and other facilities the hotel had to offer. We had a bit of an issue with the management about people entering our room unannounced during the night while we were in bed and at other odd times during the day. Waking up at 1am in the morning to find two strangers in the room who hastily retreated without any explanation when challenged was disconcerting to say the least! We had never struck this in years of international travel - perhaps it's perculiar to Dubai! We had to accept (ungracefully) the hotel's glib assurances that the intruders were definitely staff members and their motives were proper. Because of all this, I would have some reservations about returning to the Habtoor but everything else was so good that that reservation could probably be outweighed. However, if you are the nervous type, you may want to avoid putting yourself in this type of environment.	
Sep 25 2007 	Just be aware	Don't be put off by the title.This hotel is brilliant. a real 5 star. Having stayed at the Hilton just along the beach last year, we decided to try thr Habtoor this year.We booked a tower sea view room, ( we upgraded from a garden view, after reading some of the comments on this site). We were not disapointed. the room was twice the size of the one at the Hilton and very palatial.The staff were very friendly, and helpful and could not be faulted.Now the be aware part.Dubai , especially the new marina section ( where the Habtoor is located) is just one big construction site. The sea view consists of the beach, then 100m into the gulf they are constructing new jetty's, breakwaters etc. so there is a continueous stream of diggers,trucks, sea crane, and barges dumping rocks just off the beach. To the land side is the construction of the Marina developement, high rise blocks, roads, etc. So if your going with a view to peace and quiet, do not stay anywhere near here. Having said that as long as you are aware of everything that's going on you won't be disapointed, you may even get used to all the ambient distractions.Eating out. We only ate in the hotel on our last evening at the Grand Grill. If you like your steaks give it a go, not overly expensive. nice atmosphere.Spice Island at the Renaissance Hotel. All you can eat and drink buffet for around £30. pp. not your usual buffet junk, a lot of it is cooked in front of you. very nice.The Board Walk, on the creek. Very reasonably priced a la carte menu, set right on the creek, nice ambience if eating outside.All in all. Had a great time.Would i go back. Yes in feb 08, but may stop in the city centre and use Dubai a stopping off point on our way further east.	
Sep 23 2007 	Fantastic customer service all round!	We had mixed feelings about staying at the Habtoor, I work for the worlds largest cruise line so i was worried that i would be disappointed as we had read mixed reports before going. We arrived at 1am in the morning and we were met with smiling faces and a wonderful member of staff called &quot;Oliver&quot; he greeted us and showed us to our room personally and explained all the amenities. The level of customer service remained top notch through out the week stay. not one bad apple amongst the whole staff from morning noon and night it was constant smiles!We had heard that the garden rooms were not up to standard so we paid more for the sea view tower rooms. we were pleased we had done this as we met several guests who had booked the garden rooms and had refused to stay in them upon arrival as they were apprently not 5*. The tower sea view rooms are lovely and have ample room.We also booked B&amp;B and the breakfast was superb, everything from fresh fruit to eggs sunny side up! The hotel has two pool areas, one by the sea and one on floor 3. We stayed on the floor 3 area as it was much quieter. The pool boys were fantastic! The hotel has several resturants, we like dthe Munchi resturant by the sea area, it serves great sushi and is open all day. The 25th floor restuarant always looked quiet and had no atmosphere. You can not walk out out of the hotel due to building construction everywhere but cabs are really reasonable. The building work is astronimical, everywhere you look there is a digger and building going on, but it didnt really bother us, however in the tower room you can really hear the buliding on the beach area as it goes on all through the nite!!!!!We loved the Emirates mall, lovey shops, and great starbucks! But our best find was The Dragon Mall, only 15 mins by cab and sells EVERYTHING!!!! from phones to bath plugs. It is all chinese copies of original items but they are fantastic and so cheap!!!! Another good find was the Madinet hotel, it is a great afternoon out, lovely hotel with gondolas and bazaar type atmosphere. We booked the dessert safari in the hotel, it was the most scary expereince of my life, horrific!!! not one of the guides spoke english and it was extremely dangerous! everyone on the trip was pertified! we complained the the rep in the hotel but she was as much use as a chocolate tea pot! so think twice about this tour, and it is definately not for the faint hearted,it is an accident waiting to happen!Overall i would highly recommend the hotel and would defiantely go back, mainly due to the level of customer service extended to us.As for food, try to go to local places, we went to kumar shopping area and found a fab Indian restuarant, ate 5 courses for £5 each and it was fantastic! also an Iranian resturant called Par Iranian, great grilled food!	
Sep 13 2007 	it was soo great have to go back!!	Habtoor grand was luxurious!! they had very welcoming customer service! and always greeted you with a smile and a &quot;hello madam&quot; we stayed for 5 nights and 6 days and we were all girls! we stayed in a tower room which was fabulous, it had a hair dryer and a great shower room and the beds were very comfortable, room service was great and on time. even though there is construction work going on, you cant really hear it at night you can only see it! the pool and beach was amazing, the only problem was there is construction work going on around the beach but you can go to other hotels to also use there facilties.. however you have to accept that it is a tourist attraction and there building beautiful bulidngs and hotels, its just amazing. Its very safe however mens eyes do wonder a bit. You have to respect the fact that there culture for women is a black suit that covers a lot of there bodies, however its nothing to pick on as there quite friendly people. There is a person at reception named LUWELLA and she is great if you want to experience the desert safari, dubai tour and you have to do these activities theres so much you can do you never get bored you can go to eating complexes the mall of the emirates which is great for shopaholics! LUWELLA is great she can get them for cheap and on time too! the breakfast was good, tasty and you have a wide varitey. ALL I CAN SAY IS DUBAI WAS WONDERFUL AND IM DEFINTLY GOING BACK!	
Sep 1 2007 	Good and bad experiences probably not a 5 star	We stayed at the Habtoor Grand for 9 nights, we were a party of 5, 2 adults, boy(16) girls(13 and 11). One of the previous reviews probably got it about right when they said that you should not expect too much when you are paying good prices, however the hotel is supposed to be a 5 star hotel. We encountered good points and bad points with the hotel. The bad points will mean we do not return here in the near future! Okay, bad points include:&gt; garden rooms, we booked two of these, and had to be moved after checking in as both rooms had strong smells of mould. We moved to tower rooms with sea views.&gt; Main pool played &quot;benidorm&quot; sort of music, the loungers cusions had seen better days, the water temperature was too high, and I was not the only person to get an ear infection from it.&gt; The hotel is surrounded by building work very close on 3+ sides. You cannot escape it. Especially between the hotel and the mouth of the marina, work continues 24 hours a day, with reversing earth movers &quot;beepers&quot; going all night, which can be clearly heard from inside the rooms. Not to mention the noise from the building of the 3rd Habtoor Grand tower.&gt; The breakfast dining room felt more like a cafeteria, I think you could have booked an executive package and dined in a better room.&gt; The &quot;underground pub&quot; which was aimed at the british tourist who is missing watching football, smoking and drinking, is not what we wanted from a 5 star hotel in Dubai!The good points include:&gt; The rooms in the tower were of a good standard and clean. &gt; Staff were all friendly and did their best to assist, especially the barman Freddie !&gt; Squash courts, Gym and tennis courts- excellent&gt; The horizon pool on the 3rd floor was good&gt; The physical location of the hotel is close to many nearby attractions (wild wadi, marina walk, Buddha Bar (excellent) and Burj al Arab, Ski Dubai etc...)Our checking in process, due to the mouldy rooms, was lengthy and required all 5 of us to spend the night in one room, before they found two rooms the following day, this was not a good start! We ate once at the hotel, which was average, so we ate out on all other occasions, lots of goods places close by (by taxi though - absolutely no walking possible!)If you can get a good deal, stay at the Jumeirah hotels, we stayed at Bab Al Shams in the desert - about 35 miles from the coast, it was first class in every way. I have photos if anyone interested, just ask	
Aug 31 2007 	Good for families	Stayed in large family room in one of the towers which was perfect for us (two kids and a baby). Great hotel for children- very good kids pool with slides. Excellent food in the hotel though a bit pricey. Would go back again. Only criticism is common to most places in Dubai - the surrounding area was a building site	
Aug 30 2007 	average hotel lacking in customer care	We stopped over in Dubai for 5 nights on the way back from Mauritius on our honeymoon. We arrived at the hotel at 8am, having paid for the night before so that we could check in and go straight to our room to get a couple of hours sleep before checking out Dubai. This seemed to cause the receptionist some confusion and when eventually resolved we were just handed our room swabs. We were told nothing about the hotel, breakfast times, what we could and could not use for free eg, the sauna, steam room etc - or where to find them. It did seem to us that it depends on which receptionist checks you in as I did overhear another couple checking in at the same time who were being given a lot of useful information by that lady (whilst eavesdropping is not particularly polite this is how i gained the information we needed to know about the hotel!!!) Each of the 4 times we had breakfast (at different times each day) we found the tables to not be laid properly. We were often missing a teaspoon, side plate and glass for the fruit juice. Most of the time the cutlery had been left from the people before us if they had not used it - lets just hope they hadn't used it anyway!!!!! The napkins were also left from the previous people on 2 occasions and given to me as new/clean napkins - tell tale sign was the fresh jam on it!!! disgusting!!!!!!! Our seaview room in the tower was ok, until upon closer inspection the bed sheets had holes in them (no excuse for this no matter what 'star' rating the hotel is!) Whilst our bed was made each day, the bathroom was bearly wiped round and on leaving we noticed a pile of dust had formed around the washbag we left on the side where clearly they had not cleaned this area at all. To summarise, as others have said, the junior staff, the conceirge, doorstaff etc were all very pleasant and helpful. The reception staff could do with being more welcoming and the general cleaniness and service standards leave something to be desired. We were sold this hotel on the understanding we would be treated very well but the levels of service were not better than something i would expect from a 3 star hotel in Europe. I am pleased to say however that this did not spoil our holiday and Dubai was fantastic!!!!! If you are staying at this hotel please do not be disheartened by my comments as I too read some negative things before we went. It is sufficient to use as a 'base' but I personally would not return to the Habtoor.	
Aug 28 2007 	was fab!	the towers, the pools, the restaurants and the beach were all faultless! the towers were luxurious and modern and included a well equiped gym and lovely spa!the staff could have been more friendly, i probably only say this because i have previously stayed a few times in LMR. during breakfast the staff can be unefficent but you must remember its a busy time.we stayed in a tower room. i wouldnt say a sea view was necessary because our view was lovely and you dont tend to spend a lot of time in the room, let alone looking out the window.would recommend it to everyone! theres a great layed back and friendly atmosphere!	
Aug 26 2007	Brilliant and Fantastic!!!	Wow!!! That is pretty much the only word to sum up this hotel and Dubai! Me and my partner just spent a week there and I was very apprehensive about going as I had read some bad reviews on here. How wrong!! I loved everything about it!We stayed in a tower room with a sea view, please be warned the temprature is very high!! The Sea is very warm so don't expect to refresh there, the pool is just about the only place.Would reccommend to anybody going.Brilliant places to eat.Please note the construction work is everywhere you look, however I hardly noticed it. apart from a few cranes in the background of our photos, I had no complaints!!Must go to this fantastic place!	
Aug 24 2007 	Habtoor is a Fine Hotel	I too stayed at the Habtoor Grand hotel 15th Aug to 23rd arrived back yesterday. Due to the comments on this site I felt a little disheartened beofre arriving at the Habtoor Grand.I will have to agree with the previous email. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the Habtoor Hotel. I have stayed in the Burj al Arab, The Jumeriah Beach, The Royal Meridian so I believe i am a good person to listen to. Remember you get what you pay for. I think some of the travellers are living in a dream world. I recommend the hotel for couples and families with young children for the kids club aged 4-7 year olds for that is the only thing that i would say needs some attention. My son is 11 and went in once for 10 minutes. At the Jumeriah Beach Club I couldnt get him out not even to eat.I have filled in my comment card to give my suggestions to improve what i feel they need, after having been to some of the best hotels in Dubai so i know what i am talking about. Dont pay Butlins prices and then expect the very best. Pay extra for the executive package, do not have the garden rooms, Have rooms in the tower with a view, use the executive lounge for breakfast and afternoon teas. Use the government taxis not the hotel private taxi's it is more money you will be tempted to travel in style but you will pay for it. They will tell you it is the same price it does also have a meter but the luxury car meters tend to tick faster and charge you much more than the regular taxi's (Others suggested this on this site)Exchange money in Dubai near duty free where you collect your luggage (others suggested this on this site)Do check your bill at the end i had a discrepancy (Others suggested this on this site).Jumeriah Beach is my first love but i would definitely come back to this hotel.If you are a skywards member at the Wafi Shopping Centre give customer service desk your Skywards number they will hand you a discount booklet whilst shopping dont know if it is a promotion at the minute but worth checking out.They are not as on the ball as some of the other hotels but the lovely smile and manners of the people let you overlook some of the issues but none of it would ruin your holiday in anyway or cause you to write negative comments.	
Aug 20 2007 	a geordie a manc and a yorkshireman	We spent a week or so at the Grand Habtoor hotel on Jumairah beach. Was a little sceptical about the resort because of some negative reviews. When we got there we were warmly welcomed by the desk staff and informed that our room will be ready at 12.30pm(we got there at 10.30am). We were offered complimentary softdrinks twice and were told we could use any of the facilities till then. At 12.30 we went to reception and our room was ready right on time.The room was excellent, seaview tower room, fantastic view of the pool and beach.We were very happy with all the services offered at the hotel. Each time we had enquiries we were greeted very warmly and our needs met immediately.i dont understand why people had problems and complaints about this hotel, it is ideal for families and friends, in fact i would highly recommend to anyone. I guess the attitude of us, the guests has much to do with what kind of response the staff gives us.If you treat everybody the way you would like to be treated then things get done quicker!! We would most definately go again and were very impressed by the customercare we received from the moment we stepped in to the hotel	
Aug 19 2007 	Great Hotel!!!	We stayed at the Habtoor in February 2007. What a great time we had! The facilties are second to none. NOTHING is too much trouble for the staff. The accommodation is great too! The pools are fantastic especially the infinity pool.Highly recommend this accommodation! Handy for everything.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great Hotel 	After booking at this hotel, a couple of negative reviews appeared on this site. Having stayed at the hotel for a week during the hottest part of the season in Dubai, I have to say the hotel was exellent. The service from the staff was exellent, the hotel and rooms were 5*. Even though it seems like your away from the main parts of dubai, there was so many things near the hotel and it was very cheap to get to &quot;town&quot;. I would definatley reccomend this hotel and would go back. The only thing about the hotel being next to the marina, or in front of a load of construction (which is everywhere in Dubai) was when you were on the beach, the noise from the construction better than I expected and relaxing sunbathing was achieved. Word of warning if going in Aug, temps where 42 C+, don't expect to cool down in the sea becuase sea temp was 36 C!. The 24hr construction in front of the hotel was not even noticed.	
Aug 13 2007 	Fabulous holiday.	I am two days home after spending a week in Dubai. Four girls went to have fun in the sun and do loads of shopping. On arrival at the airport we were greeted by the company transfering us to the hotel. It was late when we arrived and we were delighted when we were told we had been up-graded to a suite. All I can say is wow. The suite was huge, it entitled us to the use of the club room for breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails in the evening. The suite had 2 bathrooms, sitting room, dining room and bedrooms. The food we ate was also excellent. We ate in the Italian Restaurant, the Grill, and also the buffet. I cannot say one bad thing about any of them. We spent a little time by the Horizon pool on floor 3 and drank some tasty cocktails there. The staff here were very friendly and helped us in any way possible. We went on a desert safari which took in an evening bbq and camel rides, belly dancing and this was great fun. We also visited the gold souk, the al Karama (a market area) Wild Wadi (a water park) Mall of the Emirates ( Which includes Ski Dubai) We didnt have time to do all the visiting we wished to. All in all, Dubai was a great holiday destination but the heat is not for the faint hearted, the sea water was 35degrees during our stay....	
Aug 10 2007 	habtoor holiday	my husband and i have just returned from four nights at the hotel and had a brilliant time. we paid for an extra night so that when we could check in immediately when we arrived at 6am. we were very impressed by the tower rooms which were spacious and luxurious, and we were also upgraded to a sea view. we were allocated a smoking room but were moved to a non-smoking one at 2pm (after a firm complaint). we ate breakfast every morning and thought there was lots of choice (although obviously no bacon or pork sausages). however one morning we did not arrive until 10am and there was a bit of a queue. on tuesday nights they do a chicken and ribs all you can eat in the grand grill for 80 dhs (which also included bread, pate, side salad and a side order each) which we thought was great value considering the cost of the main buffet (199 dhs). we also ordered room service which arrived twenty minutes later with some really nice touches eg hot box to keep food warm, complimentary salad, ice bucket, condiments etc. prices were also very reasonable.we used the hotel's private cars to get to the emirates mall, and they only cost between 20 and 25 dhs. there are lots of good places to eat there and also the highly recommended ski dubai which is only 70dhs to use the snow park. because it was ridiculously hot outside (46 degrees one day) we avoided the pool and beach until about 5pm and went to the malls/ ski dubai/ tour bus instead. the sea water is very hot - like a bath - and not at all refreshing. however both pools were brilliant to use and we could stay in them until 8pm. we also had drinks at the swim up bar which is in the shade. we found the horizon pool particularly refreshing.the staff were very helpful and friendly, and nothing was too much trouble. dubai does not have the same regulations regarding smoking as the uk so it was irritating to have people smoking at the table next to you, but this was also the case in other restaurants and in the malls. you cannot avoid building work in dubai, but it did not affect our enjoyment in any way. however if you are sensitive to noise i would not suggest dubai at all. we had some reservations about this hotel after some reviews on this site, but thought that the hotel overall was good value for money. (we booked with trailfinders and got a very reasonable rate.) we would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Fantastic time gr8 hotel	We were worried about staying at the Habtoor but we didnt have to. The hotel was great. We arrived at 7.30am very tired, but we knew we would have to wait for our room; we got in our room at 12.30. We were due to stay in a Graden room, but they upgraded us no extra charge and ensured that we had interconnecting rooms as we had teenagers in tow. Pool area and rest of hotel was lovely. I had a spa treatmentment, staff were great. When we needed something we asked with a please and thankyou. The staff appreciated that and always helped where possible. I couldnt beleive how some people were talking to the staff. Maybe I dont expect as much as other people do, but I would recommend this hotel and would go back there again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Really 5 star resort	We stayed in Habtoor grand for 3 nights in a business trip, the hotel is far from the crowded traffic area, alot of taxis standing at the hotel door.It is near Mall of the Emarites and Ebn Batota mall.The pool with the jacuzzi and the beach is great .The room is very luxury big with LCD screen and DVD, 2 love seat and 2 meter very comfort bed. The bathroom with tub and separate shower.They just need to consider open any of their restaurant in the morning with the main one because we standed in line 2 mornings waiting for the buffet breakfast.	
Jul 30 2007 	Disappointed - and no one seemed to care....	This is a huge hotel and we found the staff just do not talk to each other.Room in the Tower was nice but requested a change in hairdryer 3 times and by the end of our four day stay it still wasnt working properly. We also had someone elses half bottle of water in our fridge.Changed our reservation for dinner from 8.00pm to 6.00pm only to be woken up three times at appoximately 10.00pm to be told we had missed our slot. Irritating as staff were so glad to have the 8.00pm table back and thanked us so much, they were fully aware of who we were.Also woken the day before we left by a letter under the door and red flashing light at just after 6.00am asking if we wanted transport to the airport. Once again we had specifically said we didnt previously.Finally when my partner called from the UK at midnight he was put on hold four times and left for 20 minutes whilst they told him I wasnt a guest. When I complained to the Assistant Front of House, she never came back to me with an explanation - I had to chase her.On check out we spoke to her again and she didnt seem to care at all. She just over-charged us for the mini-bar instead!!!!Most of the junior staff are really nice. The 3rd floor pool is good but no I wouldnt stay again as we left feeling that we werent important and frustrated at their being no one who cared about making our stay nice.	
Jul 26 2007 	Wouldn't recommend it at all! Does not compare to other 5 stars.	I don't have enought time to re-lay everything that happened to us on our ten day stay at Al Habtoor but basically, it was so bad it was comical!!!! My sister and I ended up in knots by the 5th day at the events, (that was after tears on the first, second and thrid day!) I organised this trip as a birthday present to my mum and sister and was so disappointed that it was such a disaster! We left with some laughs but only because if we hadn't laughed, we would have cried for 10 days! We were initially put in a 'Garden suite' at the tune of £300 a night and it was nothing short of disgusting. They sold us a triple room and then when we arrived, they said they didn't provide such a thing and we needed to get another room for the third person!!! After an entire day of arguments with the manager, they eventually rolled in this awful, roll away bed which was in a terrible state of dis-repair. It was so filthy that we didn't sleep in it and two of us shared a single bed! We eventually got moved into a tower room 3 days later and it was a huge improvement but equally, not impressive for the price. I have frequented many 5 star hotels in Dubai and this one does not remotely compare. The pool was decent enough but the service, confusion and lack of communication among the staff was beyond a joke. I could not stress how disgusting the garden suites are- they have not been renovated with the rest of the hotel and are filthy and antiquated. Yes, there was construction at the beach but one has to accept that there is construction everywhere in Dubai and all hotels will be troubled with the same problem. Definitely wouldn't recommend Al Habtoor. It is slightly cheaper that it's 5 star rivals but there is a reason for that! And AVOID the garden suites like the plague!!!	
Jul 24 2007 	Choose another hotel	We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Habtoor Grand. We have stayed at many hotels in Dubai and felt this hotel was not at the standard expected. On arrival the staff were not very welcoming at all! We chose a Club Room with seaview but soon found out these are just the ordinary tower rooms with club facilities!!! Their was no turn down surface on our first night until we questioned whether the hotel did this. Be aware that when ordering a taxi outside the hotel you are in effect ordering one the hotels Private Taxi's which charge you more for the same journeys. We ordered Room Service which took 2 hours to be delivered (this included just ordering ice!!!!). The complimentary buses to the mall were often full as they do not operate a ticket system so you were often left standing outside the hotel with no option but to order a taxi to the mall. This hotel has the facility to be of the standard Dubai is well know for if management would only look into all the small points which make a difference to a holiday traveller who has saved hard for their holiday. Good points for the hotel were the staff who really made a difference and had a smile on their faces. Pool was good for our son and it was based right on the beach. Never felt the need to write a review before and we are seasoned travellers but felt so strongly that we felt we had too. I have read the other reviews on the site and as everything it is a individual choice. Thank-you.	
Jul 22 2007	Very good hotel	Have just returned from the Habtoor and was very impressed with the hotelAfter having read the earlier poor reports on this hotel I thought I had made a bad move in booking here but there were very few things that could be faulted with it that was within the hotels control.Check in was a little slow considering there was one person checking out whilst we were checking in and no one else could deal with it,in saying that we were in our rooms within 20 minutes of arrival.The room allocated was on floor 12 of the right hand tower which like all sea facing rooms had a very small balcony .The room itself was of a fair size and fully suited our needsThere is a good sized pool and grounds area along with a swim flume for the young and not so young.There is also the horizon pool on level 3 which although not too large seemed to suit the 15-20 or so who were using it.The other good thing about this pool was the breeze that got up around 2pm which although the wind was warm still managed to keep you cool enough but beware it still cooks the skin.The restaurants were all pretty good and I can have no complaints regards the quality of food and sevice provided .The underground pub was also a good place to visit for a beer or 5 especially at happy hour or later at night.The faults about the hotelThe doors to the rooms on our floor seemed to be badly fitted and needed a good push to open them which meant that some guests ended up slamming the door shut as well.The grill restaurant did not seem to have seperate smoking / non smoking areas .Another fault that can not be rectified by the hotel is the construction work next door.This goes on 24hours p/day and if you are a light sleeper then you may well be wakened by the heavy plant machinery work going on although it nevere seemed to bother me until around 06.30.I have stayed next door at Le Royal Meridien and rate parts of Habtoor as good as if not better and would come back here again	
Jul 13 2007 	Wonderful Holiday	We stayed at the Habtoor for 5 nights and we had a wonderful holiday. We were allocated a Tower Room with a seaview. The service from all staff was excellent and the food in the different restaurants was lovely. We especially enjoyed the Grand Grill and Munchi (this is a Sushi / Thai Restaurant). The main pool was closed for maintenance during our visit however the Infinity Pool was lovely and the beach was beautiful.All in all we would definetley recommend this hotel.	
Jul 12 2007	pleasant	we stayed here for a weekend. we upgraded to a suite which was in my opinion rather expensive but it was lovely, it had a seperate lounge and a great bathroom, comfy bed and a great view of the sea, the burge and the palm. the pool area was great with a swim up bar serving dangerously nice cocktails! the private beach was well maintained, but there was no bar service just a drinks cart. we were entitled to a seperate breakfast room, but we ate mainly in the main breakfast room because the choice seemed better, the breakfast was very good as was the food at the japenese restaurant.the staff, especially concierge were very helpful.dubai is expensive	
Jul 4 2007 	Great Hotel definately recommend it!	My husband and I stayed at the Habtoor Grand for a week in June. I would recommend this hotel without any hesitation, it is suitable for all groups such as singles, young couples and families. *The staff are friendly and helpful, especially concierge*Food was good in the two restaurants we went to, Munchi the Thai and Lucianos the Italian.*Nice breakfast, I found there was a substantial variety for me (Im a veggie)*Rooms are above the usual 5* standard. We had tower sea view room with balcony, it was spacious, bright and clean.*Main pool area is lovely, always plenty of sun loungers at any time of the day. Particularly enjoyed the jacuzzi! Great pool bar with lovely cocktails and food.*Free buses run daily to the main mallsI cannot really think of any faults... enjoy your stay there! We would definately go back.	
Jul 1 2007	Reasonable hotel	Just got back from a weeks stay here. Before I went I read some of the reviews and I was pretty worried. However when I got there I was surprised. The hotel from the outside is a very impressive looking building.In side the rooms were good , all had lcd screen tv's and a dvd player with good airconditioning. There i a lot of maintenance work going on in the hotel as it is being updated, but it never got in the way or disturbed me. The restaurants were ok but a bit pricey. The swimming pool arae is nice for kids as there is a huge slide for them and for adults the pool has a nice swim up bar. All in all I think people have been unfairly harsh to this place. Yes its a bit older and is a bit weathered in parts but the service , staff and facilities are good as is the location. I have been to dubai before and stayed at le royal meridien which was a better hotel but I don't think you would be disappointed staying here. It is more like a good 4 star rather than a true five, but giving this hotel 1 or 2 out of 5 is utterly ridiculous. I have stayed at several 5 star hotels around the world so i have high standards.To summarise I think that if you have been to dubai and stayed at one of the top rated hotels before then you may be a bit dissapointed here but if it is your first time and your on a budget , this hotel is fine.	
Jun 19 2007 	Superb choice	We stayed in the Tower Room and the level of service, the space in the room, bathroom and room service was excellent. The whole experience from checking in to using the facilaities , the two pools , gym and the sauna, to final check out was very enjoyable and without any issues. The staff were very helpful. If youa re gong to stay please book the Tower Rooms. An ideal place for couples and families. There is a very clean private beach, which leads onto the very warm beach. Try to stay away from in house restaurants, as they could prove very expensive. There plenty of choices at the nearby Marina, Mall of Emirates and the Ibu Ittutua shopping Malls. The breakfast choice is very good.	
Jun 15 2007	Loved It	Stayed here at the end of May and have to say I was very impressed. I had read the previous reviews about the property and was concerned, however if you book a room in the Tower then you are guaranteed a great stay.As they say, you pay for what you get! The garden rooms by the pool are the last minute deals offered by the tour operators and they have not been part of the overall upgrade of the hotel, so hence they are cheap.Book and pay for a Tower room and you get a great size room, with a pretty amazing bathroom in traditional arabic style.My friend and I have stayed in most of the 5 Star hotels in Dubai for business and this hotel is certainly upto scratch - for the helpfulness of the staff alone I would give it 5 stars as Jumeirah Beach Hotel is great, but very impersonal.Plus every Friday, they have a good club scene on the 3rd floor of the hotel.....very San Tropez and its free to guests, 6pm til midnight!One recommendation I would give to anyone staying there is to try and get out of the hotel to eat. There are so many fantastic restaurants just a taxi ride away. The Madinat Souk has a great noodle bar and loads of other restaurants and bars, plus clubs for those night owls. Check out the roof at Trilogy.The Mall of the Emirates - not just another shopping centre! Has an excellent restaurant area and good value for money - try the Lebanese or Turkish.Take a taxi to Dubai Creek, and visit the Boardwalk - great views over the creek and fab food all reasonably priced.Dubai......so much to do, so little time.	
Jun 10 2007 	Good hotel	Loveyl hotel, clean, spacious, elegant - very Arabic style - very ornate with high ceilings, chandeliers etc. All the staff were super - friendly, helpful, nothing too much trouble. We stayed in the smaller tower block and were lucky as were were upgraded to a large suite as they had non of the club rooms available where we were supposed to stay. Worth paying extra for club rooms as you get the use of the club lounge (complimentary pre dinner drinks and canopes and breakfast included - cooked to order if required.) Beach was wonderful, clean blue water (very warm), lovely white sands and not overcrowded. Is near some building work but not at all instrusive. No jelly fish at all and very safe to swim - water sports available as well. Pool area very good - waiter service all the time from the pool bar so you don't need to move from your sun lounger - pool very good size and never overcrowded. Several restuarants available on site - we used the main one which offers different themed nights - Arabic, Mediterranean etc - the food was very good - huge choice from a starters buffet, freshly cooked main courses and a mouth watering dessert table including chocloate fountain !! This restaurant was on an 'eat as much as you like' basis with drink included for about £28 per person - wine, spirits, beer all free but have to pay for soft drinks.Didn't use the spa as quite expensive - about £70 for a massage but looked beautuful and the horizon pool is very quiet and underused. All in all a good hotel - worth going to the the older part of Dubai - we hired a car for the day which cost about £70 - worth it - went to Deira Creek, on a water taxi to the older area - very interesting with all the mosques calling people to prayer.Be warned though, do not stay in the garden rooms which is where most of the complaints come from - these are by the pool, noisy, smaller , dark and not attached to the main hotel. Ask for Tower rooms.All in all an excellent hotel - check out a little slow and they do have an obsession about whether you have had any drinks from you room bar but apart from that could not fault it.	
Jun 7 2007	Poor!	Just back from a week here as a regular at the Jumeriah Beach it had a hard reputation to stand up to and unfortuantely failed miserably! Got a great deal off the web or so we thought the rooms we were given were in small terraced villas in the grounds and completely detached from hotel! We had no hot water and the air conditioning had a life of its own. We also had to put up with staff going about their work 24 hours a day by our windows! The interior was dated and shabby and more akin to a 3 star! When we arrived they tried to upgrade us to a room at €150 per night we could of stayed at the One &amp; Only for that price!!! I would also like to mention that the beach is out of bounds unless you like to look at piles of rubble for entertainment.... My advice keep your money &amp; go to Jumeriah Beach or the GH. On a positive note we had the best steak we have ever eaten at the Grand Grill its a must for meat lovers!!!If your after 5 star luxury i defintely reccomend the Grosvenor house on looks alone. We had 2 amazing experiences at the Buddha Bar &amp; Indigo. The service and food was out of this world.	
Jun 6 2007 	Very Good Hotel - Value for money	Very happy with the hotel - good quality service. All the staff were very attentive and accomodating.Breakfast was good and lots to eat. Rooms big and clean. Stayed in the garden rooms. Bathroom a little average.Heard no construction noise at all, and although you can see some when you go out of the front of the hotel, it is more interesting than annoying.Beach is good and managed to use the volleyball court and tennis courts easily. Also took out some kayaks in the sea for a nonimal price.Ate in the restaurant in the tower. Great views and very good food. But it was silly expensive, more than the other hotels in the area.We stayed for 7 nights, and sampled a lot of the other hotels. For the price I would stay here again, it is a 5 star, but if you are used to absolute luxury, and can affford it, stay elsewhere. Which is why I think the hotel had some negative reviews. People used to silly high standards.If like me, you like a nice hotel at a good price, then this is the hotel for you. Very good service and facilities, but not absolute luxury.Only word of warning, as I have read elsewhere - if you get bed and breakfast, check your bill as they added the cost of breakfast to our rooms. (we had 6 people in 3 rooms and it was done to all of us.) But on pointing this out, it was removed immediately without questions.Dont overlook this hotel - it is very good value for money.	
Jun 6 2007 	Not to be recommended	Have just returned from an 8 night break at the habtoor. Our flight was delayed and when we eventually arrived at the hotel staff were unfriendly which was a disappointing start. We booked through Thomas Cook select who were giving a special offer of a free upgrade to a Tower Room. Receptionist said we were booked into a resort room but offered us an upgrade if we paid extra. We told them we already had a free upgrade, showing them the voucher issued to us but amazingly they said that no tower rooms were now available even though we had just been offered one ! Took aroung 30 mins arguing with staff until they eventually relented and gave us the tower room - but be warned, you do need to be persistant to get what you want ! We were on floor 23 and had a great sea view with only a slight view of building works. Room was beautiful and comfortable but every evening there was a strange sewage smell outside ! On third evening we were woken up by chairs scraping in room above us followed by an extremely loud disco / party which started at 3am. We could hear people laughing and shouting and music was louder than actually being in a nightclub. Rang reception to complain 3 times but no response. I eventually went down to see them and was told the suite of rooms above us was owned by a prince whose family owned the hotel, he frequently has parties and refuses to consider any other hotel guests so nothing was done this time either. Took manager back up to our room to hear noise, he eventually gave us a room on a lower floor to enable us to sleep , that was at 5 am ! Went down several times to try for some form of compensation , they eventually agreed to give us a free meal but getting them to deduct it from our bill was a nightmare and took 3 further days. Management and reception staff are very frustrating and do not always tell the truth and will avoid you at all costs if you are unhappy about anything. Plus points are that pool and beach were gorgeous with loads of comfortable chairs, no need to get up early with the towels !Building work is extreme, it is almost impossible to walk anywhere from the hotel as there are no pavements and roads blocked everywhere. I would go back to dubai but not for a few more years until it looks less like a building site. I would definately NOT go back to the Habtoor	
May 26 2007 	Great holiday	Before I went I read some of the reviews on here and thought I had made the wrong choice but I was proven wrong, The check in staff were friendly and helpful we arrived at 9:30 and room was ready for us by 12 and we were free to use all the hotel facilaties in the meantime.We stayed in one of the grand club rooms and the room was excellent, the staff were all nice and friendly and all areas of the hotel were clean.Dubai is carrying out a bit of building work at the moment and there is a bit around the front of the hotel but you cannot here that from the rooms.Well worth a visit.	
May 21 2007	Dubai experience	We have literally just returned from a week spent in the Habtoor Grand. The hotel full justifies the five star rating- everything was immaculate- from hotel bedroom to reception/lobby areas. We also found that the staff were helpful and friendly - nothing was too much trouble for them. The breakfast buffet which admittedly did contain more or less the same sort of foods daily, could not be faulted on the quality of the food, nor the availability. It was replenished well before running out.The whole beach/ marina area is under massive construction of numerous buildings, and whilst we did not experience any adverse noise from our 21st floor room, it did make getting around on foot very difficult, as some roads were closed or blocked off.Whilst there are numerous tours and trips offered- the Public Bus service was never mentioned. We discovered that it is possible to travel to the Dubai museum and Batiskiya also Wafi City and the Burjuman centre, the Gold and Spice Souks in Deira and even Abu Dhabi for a fraction of the price of a taxi. The down side to this is the time taken travelling- but if you are not tied to time you certainly see more. You need to catch a No 8 bus from the nearest large road to Al Gulbeiba bus station and ask there for further buses. The buses are clean, and well run and frequent but make sure that you do not sit in the first few rows of seats as they are reserved for Ladies only. You will be told to move in no uncertain terms if you sit there.All in all, we had a great time- wonderful weather- if a little too hot. The people are truly friendly and eager to help if you appear to look lost or in need of assistance. Do not be afraid to ask	
May 16 2007 	very good overall	Stayed here for 4nts on our way to Australia. Thought it would be a good stop-off with us having our little boy of 15months. Arrived early in the morning but was checked in straight after breakfast. I emailed the hotel to ask that our room be ready for us with having a little one.So recommend doing this if you plan on arriving early with children. The room was ok- but nothing to shout about, pretty standard but wouldnt say it was 5 star, more a 4.We had a garden view room which I think was cheaper than staying in one of the towers, but I wouldnt have stayed in the towers with having a buggy etc. This was much more convenient for the pool area and restaurants on an evening. The pools were great especially for children with daily activities and toys to play with. The beach area was lovely it was a nice walk down from the pool area, and there was a nice bar area with a huge lawned area which again was great for kids to play around and burn of some energy without upsetting other guests. We didnt go into the sea as it was warning of jelly fish- so I steered clear, but it looked very clean and inviting. The food was of very good quality. The breakfast was plentyfull. There was something for everyone, and service was very good. We tried most of the restaurants on an evening and would recommend the Italian. So no complaints here. The underground pub is a little odd- not much atmosphere, but its worth going even just for the happy hour which was around 6pm. My only main issue with this hotel was when we came to change some money at reception. We wanted to change sterling travellers cheques-but they DO NOT except them- so beware!!!!!! ever though the postoffice recommend them.	
May 16 2007 	Great Hotel....Would recommend this hotel no problem....	Hi, I have just returned from Holiday here last week with my girlfriend. We stayed for 5 nights in a tower room. Before i went, i read the review two down and it left me thinking i made a bad choice. But when i got there, i couldnt fault it. Be careful when booking and id only recommend the tower rooms. I think the person who got the resort room took a bad choice. The resort rooms are down by the swimming pool and covered over by large palm trees and therefore no light gets into the rooms. We originally got a tower room but wanted a beech view with balcony so we asked them to change the room and it only cost another €20 per night. The beech view room is a must as the other rooms will have you looking out onto a construction site. From the balcony you can see them working on the Palm Island and the Burj Hotel is in the distance. The Staff in the hotel are very helpful and always say hello when they walk by you. Taxis are very cheap over there. We got them often to the Emirates Mall and only cost about €5 or €6. I think the pool is lovely and there are plenty of sun beds on offer. The spa centre is lovely. I got a massage and was treated like royalty!!....well worth it.The restaurants are lovely too. We ate in the Italian and the main hotel restaurant and couldnt fault it.If you have any questions youd like to ask me email me.	
May 12 2007 	Highly recommend first class hotel	I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Habtoor Grand with three of my friends in Dubai and had a wonderful time. My first impression of the hotel was to begin with a little disappointing as although the hotel lobby was large, spacious and grand it initially appeared a little stiff in appearance. However, the rooms quickly made up for any intial reservations that I had. We had two beautiful spacious rooms in the towers. As there were four of us we had requested adjourning rooms which I expected would be interconnecting doors, to our delight we were led to what appeared to be like our very own suite. We had our own wide and spacious entrance and hallway to the two bedrooms that was cut off from the rest of the corridor. I cannot emphasise how fantastic and modern the rooms were. The bathrooms were huge containing a bath and separate large shower cubicle. The hotel room and bathroom also provided a good range of toiletries, which were more varied and of higher standard then other 5 star hotels that I have experienced.There are two pools in the hotel. The main pool is a large pool with a poolside bar. There is also a large waterslide that was mostly enjoyed by the children visiting the hotel. Pool towels are available readily. My one criticism of the pool was that despite the sweltering heat the pool was warm and therefore it did not feel very refreshing to swim in. Although the Habtoor Grand has it's own private beach it is a slight walk away from the main building and therefore it can become very hot to walk to and from the beach from the hotel especially as the weather will become even more hotter over the next few months. There is a good selection of restaurants in the hotel. We ate in the Italian restaurant one evening and enjoyed a superb meal. Breakfast is served in the main restaurant in the hotel and runs from 6.30-10.30 and offers a selection of good food to start the day with. There is a free shuttle bus from the hotel running to the local shopping mall several times a day. Staff at the hotel were mostly of indian origin and were all very courteous and very polite. The Habtoor Grand is located in a good position in Jumeria Beach alongside the other 5 star swish, sophisticated and luxury hotels that Dubai is known for. Although there is still a fair bit of construction work going on in Dubai it is generally well managed and there is minimal disruption caused to guests. The Spa in the hotel is of high standard and there is also a very large and well equiped gym in the hotel that is open 24 hours. The main hotel bar near the lobby area appears a little outdated compared to some of the bars in the other hotels in Dubai, which is probably why it was less busy compared to the other hotel bars. I would recommend a visit to the Budda Bar in Grosvoner House Hotel which is located opposite the Habtoor. On the whole I would recommend a stay at the Habtoor Grand and would rate this hotel as a deluxe five star hotel which boasts particularly high standard.	
Apr 18 2007 	The worst holiday experience	Despite the very average reviews of Habtoor, my parents insisted that we stay there as some friends of theirs recommended this hotel. So we went there for 8 nights, booked in resort garden view rooms.Check-in took ages, the staff was unfriendly, acting as they are working there for just one season and didnt care about anything at all. After arriving at the hotel at 10am and finally being led to our room at 4pm, it was not the room that we booked. So it took another few hours to sort things out after calling our travel agent, her calling the hotel, etc. as the receptionists refused to let me speak to the hotel manager directly. So we basically lost the whole day until we got settled.Then a few days later the hotel had problems with the sewage. The smell outside the room was imbearable and inside the toilet was overflowing with water. It was not fixed in one day as promised and we were advised to go to the main building to use the toilets. That caused additional stress, calling again back and forth to our travel agent. Finally we managed to speak to the hotel manager who agreed to relocate us to another room in another building. In any case, another day was lost by constant waiting, arguing and waiting again. The breakfast was average, fruit selection poor, rooms quite small with a tiny old bathroom. The worst of all was the staff - unfriendly, unprofessional, slow. My mom left a cardigan in the main hallway and the hotel staff was not very much willing to help us find it. Check-out took about 45mins instead of the usual 5-10. The receptionist tried to charge us for the minibar which we didnt even touch. If the hotel dropped 2 stars and charged half the prices, I would probably not mind staying there as I would know what to expect. Otherwise, I do not recommend anyone staying there if you would like to have a nice stress-free vacation. Le Royal Meridien next door is not much expensive than Habtoor but so much nicer and definitely worth staying at. There were many other little things that disturbed our stay but thankfully I have already forgotten about them. And finally, when asking for a cab, ask for a national taxi as they charge 30% less then the private ones that are usually called by the hotel concierge.	
Apr 17 2007 	Fantastic Holiday	My husband, daughter (12), Son (9) and myself arrived in Dubai and arrived at the hotel about 9.30am. Unfortunately the check staff were a little disorganised and told us that they couldn't find a booking. We found this very hard to understand as they collected us from the airport, so if they didn't have a booking then how would they know we were due to arrive. Any way they said to leave it with them and we should come back around 2pm when they would hopefully found our booking. So we went out by the pool and had a wonderful morning. We went back around 12pm and they had sorted out our booking and also upgraded us to a Grand Club Room, in the smaller tower, which was very acceptable. We cannot fault the staff they were very, very polite and helpful at all times. They also went out there way to ensure we were having a good holiday. The hotel itself if very clean. My children had a wonderful time here. On a Friday the pool area can get very busy, as this is like a Sunday in Britain. So plan to go out for the day to Wild Wadi (waterpark), which is amazing fun. Again you cannot fault the staff, very helpful and very pleasant to everyone. This is so clean and tidy. We also booked through the hotel the Safari trip, which was absolutely amazing fun and never experienced anything quite like it. However, if you don't like fast cars and surprises, then this isn't for you. The whole trip is well organised and great fun. I've never heard my daughter laugh so much. The food in the hotel is very good. My son is a bit particular in what he eats and the restaurant by the pool serves wonderful pasta, pizza and seafood, highly recommend. However, the food they serve for you to eat at the pool isn't very good quality. We also eat at the restaurant in the hotel by the reception area, sorry forgot its name, but is also very good. However, we did go to the Mall, by taxi which costs around £5. They have everything you can think of to eat. Not expensive and a good experience as this is where Ski Dubai is. If you are thinking of booking lessons then do this as soon as you arrive as they get very busy. However, we did go during the Easter holidays which is a busy time. This is another amazing experience and highly recommend. Well organised again and very friendly staff. Going back to the hotel. We went to the beach several times and did variours water activities, but be careful there are alot of Jelly Fish. Not sure if they sting but didn't take any chances, especially with children as this would spoil your day. It gets very hot on the beach so choose your time and where shoes. You will need high factor suncream to protect yourself but found the sun not to hot even though it was 37o most days. It was a very pleasant heat. We had a truely amazing holiday and would go back in 2010 when all the building work should be complete. This is one thing i will say we have never seen so much building work. It is every where, but doesn't make to much noise but they do work 24/7. On alot of reviews we read about it being noisy, but it didn't seem to bad. You can hear it a little bit but nothing to really worry about. Dubai is a truely amazing experience and will definately go back. Would highly recommend it to anybody.	
Apr 15 2007 	Terrible overpriced aging hotel	Stayed at the Grand Habtoor for two nights in April 2007, Room was not ready when we arrived at 2pm, while waiting we were not given a complimentary drink, had to ask for one. Staff were not friendly or helpful. Room which was in the garden adjacent the beach was dark and dingy. Had to have all the lights on during the day. Bathroom was tiny and aging, shower was a trickle of lukewarm water.The shower curtain was dirty. The hotel had a problem with its sewerage right outside our room, smell was horrific, asked reception to move us but they did not do so. There was no kettle or tea and coffee making facilities in the room. All the books in the room were grimy and old. Breakfast was ok, very busy. Not a good selection of fruit. The only plus is the proximity to the beach.The setting is really fantastic, the beach is pristine and the construction work is not intrusive at all. Will not stay here again and will not recommend this hotel to any of my friends.	
Apr 5 2007 	Great Location would return to this hotel...	We stayed at this hotel for 5 days, we stayed with friends, the men played golf and us ladies shopped and laid by the pool... We loved the location of the hotel we were fairly close to other hotels as we ate out every evening. The staff at the hotel were good, the weather was good. We paid extra for rooms in the Tower, we booked seaview tower rooms, the rooms were lovely very spacious and the beds were huge. The bathrooms were huge with a wet shower. The only downside is we are in negotiations with the travel agent as we booked seaview with balcony and paid quite a bit extra (these rooms in the tower are worth the extra) but we did not have a balcony our confirmation does say balcony, so we will wait for the tour operator to get back to us, the hotel said they never confirm...as only a few of them. We ate in the top floor restaurant, ask for a table on the balcony outside, the view is superb, the food excellent and the service was good and there was live music which was nice when we came in for coffee etc. At lunchtime we did once eat in the pool bar but that is really crowded, go down towards the beach and the do more food selection and it is the same sort of thing but plenty of room and a much nicer setting and it was almost empty...In the evenings we ate out at the One &amp; Only Mirage at the Celebrites restaurant - food good and the bar area for coffee is really nice, but go to the Rooftop bar first in the other part of the hotel, it is really good and you get a courtsey bus to the restaurant. Also the Budda Bar &amp; Restaurant in the Grosvenor is really good, but pre-book a table, it does get very busy but a sight to see and the atmosphere is good, even if the music is really loud, they have the largest wine list I have ever seen. Food really good but limited. The bar at top of the Grosvenor Bar 44 is fab, it has the most fantastic views and is really a good place for a drink first. We also pre booked - go to their website the Bateux river boat meal in Deira, the food was excellent and the service really good and we all enjoyed it and would do it again, the only thing is that it is quite a drive in the traffic, taxi was cheap but due to the traffic it took an hour and half to get there and half hour to get home so leave in plenty of time....but well worth it...Mall of the Emirates, well quite disappointed really shops ok Harvey Niks empty due to high prices and Lois Vuitton far more expensive than Selfridges in London....But would go back to Duba and would stay in the Habtoor.....	
Mar 28 2007 	This place is aging.	I had a 5 night stay at Habtoor. This is more like a fancy Radisson INN, not a 5 star hotel. Service is very average. There are much nicer hotels in the vicinity that are priced the same, but offer a lot more. Staff is cordial, but not efficient. Room service takes forever. You don't get warm and fuzzies of a 5 star hotel. Reception staff is always seems very busy and un attentive. In short...its a not recommend.	
Mar 21 2007 	An enjoyable break	Booked the Habtoor from March 12th to 19th for holiday with daughter and her boyfriend. I decided to arrive a day earlier to ensure check in went ok, as they were arriving at 08.30. I arrived after 14.00 so went directly to garden view room which overlooks the pool. These rooms are comfortable, but dark and you always need a light on. When my daughter and boyfriend arrived their Tower room was not ready and we were told to check after 11.00. We, in fact, went back at 14.10 to be told that the room was still not ready and we should try again in 15 minutes. When I pointed out this was not acceptable, the room suddenly became available. A tip there, be firm at check in !The Tower room was of a very good standard and could not be faulted. We all spent the first day at the Infinity &quot;adults only' pool on the 3rd floor - excellent service. It gets windy there, so we often used the larger pool where the service is not so good, but the bar staff are friendly and helpful. Thre are several restaurants at the hotel. The breakfast buffet is reasonable, but gets monotonous. The Italian served superb lobster. The Underground bar is ok for viewing sport but has no atmosphere - walk down the beach to the Hilton, as it has a better sports bar. The hotel is close to the Hard Rock Cafe which is not a bad place for a casual evening out. it is also rasonably close to the mall of the Emirates with its ski slope and TGI Friday's. It is also close to the Wild Water Park which is a great day out not cheap if you hire towels. locker and eat there - 30 GBP.One criticism is that there is a lack of information available in your room about the hotel, or Dubai - needs to be addressed. You do get a daily Gulf newspaper delivered to your room which keeps you in touch with things.The business centre has 3 terminals which can access the web at about 3.50 GBP per hour, with printer access.The last time I was in Dubai I stayed at the Hilton Jumeriah beach which is a smaller hotel. The Habtoor is much larger and does provide a better pool, gym facilities (very good indeed) and has tennis courts. Access to the beach is direct. However, there were jelly fish in the sea when I stayed, so not many swimmers.I would definitely recommend it for families.	
Mar 12 2007 	short stay at the Habtoor	We had a three night stay at the Habtoor, and booked the hotel through my husbands work to benefit from a small corporate discount. I arrived on one flight with our young daughter as my husband was arriving on a later one, so i took advantage of the inclusive transfer to the hotel. This was great, as it was late and the driver was lovely and we arrived at the hotel quickly, its about 30 minutes from the airport. When we were shown to our suite/room i was disappointed to find that although we had booked and paid for our daughter, no extra bed was provided, and we all ended up sleeping in the one bed!! After mentioning this twice, we still had to chase it up the following night, eventually a single bed was wheeled in, but it was a bit squashed. From our sea view room we could see the Palm under construction (and the Burj Al Arab in the distance), not too much noise considering the proximity. The room was comfortable and the bathroom was nice, and breakfast was taken in the quieter restaurant suite which went with our room ( although i can't see how our room can have been a suite ??) The main breakfast area got quite busy, but staff did try to find you a table as quickly as possible. The pool area was nice but a bit busy for us, and we were very aware of some larger groups of guests who must have got lost on their way to Tenerife !! So we went to the beach, it was quieter, clean sand and water, but very bizarre to be right next to a huge construction site, amazed they can keep everything so clean. The complementary bus whisks you into the main shopping area every couple of hours, we got a taxi back and it was only about £5. This was really only a stop over for us on our way to the Maldives, but perfectly adequate, although we were glad it was not our destination hotel.	
Mar 9 2007 	Good hotel	Stayed at the Habtoor for 4 nights in early March. Arrived at 9am and managed to get a room at 11am which was great since check in is normally at 2pm.Got a tower room on the 20th with partial seaview. The room was a good size with a huge double bed, divan and a sofa chair. The bathroom had a walk in shower and a separate bath tub. Plenty of toiletries supplied.Breakfast was good and varied. Particularly liked the freshly squeezed juices in a variety of flavours.The pool on the 3rd floor was tranquil ad not very busy. The main pool was large with a lot of sun loungers. The pool was large with plenty of loungers and the water in the pool as warm as bath water. The beach area was huge and deep and very clean.. apart from the washed up jelly fish. The hotel also had one of the biggest gym's i have seen in a long time at a hotel. Pro's: Good value for money hotel - it has everything you need on hols.Con's: Only small things - estetically it is not as beautiful as many other Dubai hotels. The hotel felt more like a 4 star then a 5 star. We had a good stay but i would probably stay somewhere else next time. It just lacked that little extra for it to be great.Other hints and tips:Highly recommend Net tours for Desert safari's - had a great time dune bashing, camel riding etc with them. When arriving in Dubai - grab a taxi outside. Cost's around 70 Dirham one way whilst the hotel charges 200 Dirham one way	
Mar 6 2007	Wonderful Hotel as good as 7*	Booked room (B&amp;B) on lastminute.com. Was cheaper than hotel website and Expedia. This hotel was great! Def want to go back and def recommend it for anyone who wants a luxury, relaxing stay. There are two swimming pools -the one on the third floor is very quiet and relaxing. The main pool is great as is the private section of Jumeirah beach. Once you are on the beach you get the excellent hotel staff riding around on a little golf buggy so you can order any food/drink saving you from having to move! The hotel staff are all very friendly and accommodating and you get the impression that they want to help you because they are nice, not because they have too! The breakfast is great as were the three restaurants I tried - Italian, Mexican and 25th Floor (must go here even if you do not stay at the hotel for the view alone). As most UK flights seem to get into Dubai at about 7/8am your room will most likely not be ready as check-in is not until 2pm, (we did get a room by 11.15am) so I'd suggest pre-booking a treatment or massage in the Spa - where you can sample the delights of the relaxation room!! This hotel is worth every one of its 5 stars, if you can't afford the Burj Al Arab then def stay here!!	
Feb 24 2007 	great hotel overall just sort out the checkout !	Stayed in a family room for 7 nights ( well 6.5 to ensure we could get to the room at 4.00am when we arrived) feb 10 -17. Used the pool the beach, the football pitch, room service, bars and restaurants, and the Spa. Although pricey, especially the food ( with kids it is cheaper to get a taxi to a mall, eat there and taxi back ), everything rates excellent except for check in and out which took ages,seemed to confuse the staff and delayed us unnecessarily, especially checking out. Seemed very beaurocratic and hesitant, could have been new staff but I don't think so. If they installed check out TV screen inroom it would be much better. Other then that, great, and will definitely return. From the 19th floot construction was visible everywhere and went on24/7, but more interesting then disruptive. Will be fantastic when finished.	
Feb 23 2007 	Average but with a great concierge desk!	After 7 days in the Maldives, on our way back to Greece, we passed through Dubai for 3 days. The hotel is in Jumeirah, the beach front of Dubai and it was fully booked at the time of our stay.I have been a couple of times in Dubai before but never stayed in the Habtoor. I wasnt impressed by the quality of the roo. It seemed like it was &quot;aging&quot; if you can catch my drift. The hotel pool was overcrowded. The beach front thogh, was very nice and you could get a good idea of what is being built in Dubai as the whole beach side is full of huge skyscrapers! Very impresive.The good thing about the Habtoor is its location. The 25th floor restaurant and bar is a joke and I wouldnt recomend the hotel restaurants, there are so many others to go to Dubai! For example, there is the Grosvenor hotel right next door were the &quot;Budha Bar&quot; is simply magnificent! And the Indian restaurant &quot;Indago&quot; is a treat as well. Both of these were recomendations of the concierge desk of the Habtoor and we were vey much impressed with the excellent service they offer.We left the hotel with a bad taste, though. Upon checking out, we were asked the typical question &quot;have you consumed anything from the mini bar&quot;. When I said &quot;no&quot; they wanted me to sign a paper that what I state is true!!!!!! Something which I denied to do, so they went to my room to check it out. I can understand the reason they do this but the way they did it is tactless and insulting. It would be better to not ask at all (they have my credit card details anyway) and check the room while I check out without me knowing. Anyway, Dubai has many hotels to choose from, I would only go back to this one if there was a veeeeeeeeery good offer for it.	
Feb 15 2007 	Great Family Holiday	Stayed 5 nights at this hotel and as a family holiday it was fantastic. We had two rooms which converted into a suite with a hallway and outer door to the landing - perfect. Buffet was ideal and relaxing and the beach experience is hard to beat. The infinity pool on the mezzanine was under used and we would have tried the tennis which was popular with an intructor on hand most of the time but it was but ran out of time.However.... as a business user I would never use this hotel. The service whilst pleasant was disorganised. Let me give you examples - concierge organising trips somtimes got the cost wrong and could not accept cards to pay for them. In todays age this is a basic flaw (although on business you may not wish to dune bash!) The wake up call that I requested from reception at 4.50 am did not materialise, the room bar bill included some spurious wines which my kids certainly did not drink and when phoning reception about messages left by firends from another hotel....let's just say we did not manage to meet up with them because of the hotels lack of procedures or training in message taking! Lastly I received a call from guest relations asking if I was pleased with my room after being moved? I wasn't actually aware they had moved us! You get the picture. Would I go back? - yes on a family break and definitely no on business!!	
Feb 8 2007	Tope Hotel cant fault it well almost!	Habtoor Grand in Dubai is one of the Best Hotels I have ever stayed in howeverPlease be aware that Habtoor Grand used to be called Metroplitan Beach and Resort Club and I made the mistake of booking thru their old website.Partially my fault but I was arguying with their Bokk clert at 3am local time after a late flight from Amsterdam.However they did honor my booking for two adult and two children in one room for £250 per night for the whole room whcih was excellent value!!!!If you have every been to a hotel where the conceirge become almost a friend then this is a hotel for youIf you like Stuffy Formallity and no interaction with Staff go Royal Mirage and pay the differnce!Dubai is very cool if you prepare for the building work which is not an issue if you have a positive attitude to being amazed at aNEW City being created before your eyes.Enjoy Ski Dubai, Dow River cruise and Carrefoure Hyperrmarket for Electronic BARGINS!Well worth a few days sop over to India, Aus or SAI would definately visit Dubai again and would definately stay at Harbor or Metro...again ;o)Ps. I have all the access codes for the (paygo) internet if you ever neeed them !!!!	
Feb 5 2007 	Disappointing Customer Service	Actually stayed in the sister hotel in Dubai, which was reasonable enough, but made to a trip to the Grand Resort &amp; Spa, apparently the best of their hotels in Dubai. Spent the day by the pool, which was nice and relaxing. Had lunch in one of their restaurants which to be honest the food was good. When we went to pay that's when the trouble began. The credit card machine in the restaurant wasn't working or what became apparent was they couldn't figure out how to use it. I eventually paid at the pool bar after 20 minutes of waiting. When I got home to find that I'd been charged twice, I can only assume I'd ended up paying in the restaurant and at the pool bar.I tried emailing the hotel but after 3 emails I'd not received 1 reply, so called them where I was asked to email a different email address. Thought I was getting somewhere, but still took another email after this one to get a response. They assured me that I had been refunded the extra payment they took. Seven months on and I'm still getting the run around. I'm getting no response to my emails.For a 5-star hotel I'm hugely disappointed by the distinct lack of customer service I've received. For those of you who've taken the time to read this and are planning on staying at this hotel, I hope that you have a great time and have no problems while you are there as my experience suggests that they are innept at dealing with problems for their paying customers.	
Feb 5 2007 	stolen a valuable property - the worst experience ever	I would have probably appreciated the Hardboor Grand where i stayed for 4 nights as a &quot;normal&quot; 5 star hotel (nothing really bad apart from cold water in the bath) and nothing really nice (average decoration - average food ) if i had not been the victim of a very unpleasant incident.When at the Spa, I lost a valuable ring. It feld down, i left the room before noticing and when back 2 minutes later, the staff member who was there and alone the whole time was unable to find back the ring. I cannot accuse her because i did not see her take the ring but there is no other chance that this jewel has disapeared if she had not taken it.I complained to the hotel and that was the worst thing I could do. They did all they could to deny my loss. i've called the local police that came to visit me at the hotel and this was the most terrible mistake to do. Not only they refuse to take my complain, but moreover, they frightened me the most they could (which worked well, believe me). I had to take refuge inside my room where the police called and rang and i stayed inside the room until they leaft, near the phone, ready to call my ambassy (can you believe it?!). A very very unpleasant (and very expensive) incident that would have been certainly managed in a nicer and more profesionnal way in another hotel / country.	
Feb 1 2007	Absolute Rip Off	Seemed like a good idea at the time, the location was ok since I was working at Jebel Ali and I had stayed across the road at the Grosvenor House in December 2006 so I knew where it was, not to mention it was the only place available as Dubai was overflowing with tourists and conferences during the last week of January. Things didn't start off too well when I arrived and they couldn't locate my booking even though I had a confirmation number. This took around 30 minutes to rectify while I waiting in the foyer. Finally got to the room (sorry suite since that was all that was available) only to find the decor was straight out of a 1980's sea side resort, a shocking look for the 21st century! Cream furniture, blue, yellow and mustard furniture and wall coverings, you name it. Took forever to connect the wifi (LAN cable wasn't working) then had to proceed through the most complicated login despite repeated calls to the business centre that went unanswered and what's more they wanted AED100 for 24 hours, remember I was already paying more than AED3,000 for the room only! Mini bar had open drinks left by a prior guest, plate and cutlery but no fruit in the room, vase but no flowers and forget trying to workout the TV system in the lounge room. I'm used to the noise around Dubai Marina, after all I work in the same industry that makes it so avoid at all costs the lower floors in this hotel, there is construction all around. The view along the coast from level 6 is nothing to admire, it might be better from higher but not what you would expect from an expensive suite. Breakfast? Well they tried to charge me an extra AED15 for a cappuccino which I have never had to pay for in a so called 5 star hotel. I then complained when the bill was present for AED95 just for cereal and fruit. Three visits later from the restaurant manager and a lot of talking and the charges were waived all together. When checking out 2 attempts were made over 15 minutes for a porter to take the bags, you can rest assurred the staff processing the account couldn't wish me further away. My suggestion, save your money, there are much better places to stay and a lot less expat workers who offer endless patronising comments. A big disappointment and over priced. I won't be going back ever.	
Jan 19 2007 	Avoid it like the plague	My husband and son stayed here for five nights in December 2006. I have to say this is possibly the worst hotel we have ever stayed in during our many worlwide holidays.We booked this as we had stayed in a number of other Dubai 5* hotels mainly because of the private beach. However when we got to the airport our transport was not available to the hotel (even although we had pre booked) and to make matters worse when we got to the hotel we were too early to check in. Therefore they left us sitting in reception even although i overhead a conversation from the staff saying the hotel was not full.When we eventually got to our un-remarkable rooms my husband decided to shower first only to have the shower cubicle door shatter when it was closed! Thank heavens he was not still in it or it could have been fatal. So if you have children please think twice this could be lethal. They did move our room this time to a club room - could not see any difference though.We did eat in one of the restaurants (think it was supposed to be south american but on a very loose theme), and what did we spot crawling along the floor - A RAT!!!! It was like something from Fawlty Towers....All in all too many things went wrong to mention but suffice to say we were glad to get out of there.So no matter if they want to give it away - please avoid this hotel at all costs - if you know what is good for your health.	
Jan 19 2007 	very classy !!	I can't believe that anyone staying at the grand habtoor would have a bad experince to complain about !! mind you theirs always 1. The grand habtoor was the most fabulous hotel i've stayed in the staff were friendly, helpfull and polite, the rooms (we stayed in a room with a sea view out of the front and the marinas to the side) were spotless and cleaned twice a day ! The beach is nice and clean with loads of sunbeds spare the pool sunbeds were usually taken quickly but thats the same everywhere. Couldn't fault this hotel in anyway wish i was back there !!	
Jan 3 2007 	Loved the habtoor	Visited the Habtoor from 13th dec for 10 nightswith my partner and 9 year old son. We got there at about 9 pm tired and hungry. we were dealt with efficiently and quickly. One of the restaurants was by the reception which was still open so we went along and the waiter could not do enough for us and the food was excellent.We tried 3 of the 5 restaurants and all fo them were very goodand the service was second to none.The room was very clean and the bedding was changed every day. The Habtoor has two towers and unfortunately the one we were staying in has work going on to the side of it. They worked 24/7 and unfortunately by the third night we were kept awake until 5 am , my partner went down to reception and the next morning the moved us to the other tower which was ideal. So if you area going to stay there make sure you are in the smaller tower.The pools were very clean and there were at least 3 lifeguards by the childrens pool. There is a childrens club there which my son attended and he loved it .If you have childredn you must visit wild wadi water park . Facilities are excellent and lifeguards are everywhere fantastic day out.I cannot fault the hotel as the service was second to none from the reception to the restaurants.I would not go back to Dubai itself for a few years as the building work is everywhere you go but if I did I would certainly go back to the Habtoor.	
Nov 27 2006	A great place to relax	Having been to Dubai before ( 3yrs ago - Le Meridien Beach) I was looking forward to returning, and after much hotel searching booked the Habtoor Grand. Why, well mainly because it had its own beach and the reviews I read on here were very positive.WOW !! has Dubai changed, and we were right next door to Le Meridien as well. There is phenomenal building going on which initially put me off, however, the only thing we heard was the occasional rumble in the distance - so no problem to us. The hotel was great, good facilities, we ate in the Thai restaurant ( £80) and on the 25th Floor ( which is awesome and we had a table right on the edge! £150 inc wine, Champagne etc. ). The pool was excellent and the staff polite. We even went down the waterslide plenty of times - great fun - especially after a couple of cocktails.On the downside, and we are being picky here, the nightly turndown service and water bottle was a bit hit and miss - 3 out of 7, and the breakfast menu got rather boring after 4 days.We tried a couple of spa treatments - which were excellent, and also went to the Underground pub - based on a London tube train - again staff were excellent and helpful and chatty.We also managed to book dinner at the Burj Al Arab - in the Poolside restaurant. Now, things can get expensive but the basic buffet ( which was simply awesome) was about £40 per head - but we had wine and a glass of Champagne to celebrate our Engagement so that pushed it north of £250 in total - but what an experience. You can book afternoon Tea for about £25 a head - but book early as it gets full quickly.I would also recommend eating out at a street cafe in Dubai city, we did for two nights, ate excellent Donner Kebabs ( 4), drank gorgeous fruit smoothies ( 4) and all for £8 !!Would we go again? Yes, definitely, but next time we want to stay at the Burj - for our wedding !Overall good hotel and facilities, excellent beach, friendly staff and not overly expensive.	
Nov 21 2006 	Read this.....	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Habtoor Grand in Dubai.We arrived into Dubai at 7:30am and arrived at the hotel around 9:00am. Like many of the reviewers on this site, we could not check-in to our room until 14:00 officially. The reception staff, concious of our long journey, offered us use of the Spa's Shower facilities to freshen up before our room was ready. Fortunately, it became available three hours early.We booked a Grand Club Room - which is definitely worth the extra money. A spacious, well decorated room, usually with a Sea View, with access to the Grand Club Lounge. (See below). Rooms were serviced at least twice a day.The Grand Club Lounge (exclusive to Grand Club Room guests and above) offers complimentary Continental Breakfast, Soft Drinks During the Day, High Tea between 3 and 5, Free alcoholic drinks and Canapes from 6 to 10. The Lounge also has some of the friendliest, professional staff I have come across for a long time.As we were on a Half-Board meal arrangement, there was only 1 restaurant we could eat in - The Al Dhiyafa. It is buffet style, with excellent quality and large quantities of food and very attentive staff. Half-Board guests wishing to eat in the other many restuarants can eat there, and pay the difference between the Half-Board rate and the meal cost. Most Bars and Restaurants offer entertainment in the Evening.Pool, Beach and Sports Facilities are great - very clean, and once again, very attentive staff. There is also a second pool - The Horizon Pool, located on the 3rd Floor which is a lot quieter and more relaxing.My partner also used the Gym Facilities and as well-travelled Air Crew, said it was the best hotel gym he has ever used. Many reviews on here mention Building Work. Yes - there is a great deal of work going on in and around Dubai, especially around the Jumeirah Beach area. (See Picture) However, it had minimal impact on our holiday and did not create much noise at all.All in all, a fantastic hotel, with a high standard of accommodation, and excellent, well presented, attentive staff.	
Nov 15 2006 	Don't Bother!	This hotel is not for the business traveller...... there are so many things that are wrong with this place: the food is sub-standard a request for plain vegetables off menu was refused, the service was even worse, mistakes on the final bill resulted in a check out time of an hour, and people returning from the bars made lots of noise in the corridors in the early hours through to 5 am on occasion. Any complaints were met with indifference from the management. Dubai does not seem to have the infrastructure to cope with the demand that their advertising is creating!	
Nov 8 2006 	Dont go to the Habtoor 	My wife and 3 children (11,8,4) have just spent 10 nights at the Habtoor and we were extremely disappointed. Having frequented a number of 5* hotels, including several others in Dubai, the Habtoor is sub-standard.The hotel is possibly well-suited to the corporate entertainment market, which it seems to focus its energies on, but was not a good experience for us as a family.The staff lack enthusiasm and generally failed to show any initiative. Mistakes on bills in restaurants and at the end of our stay were poorly dealt with.The room was adequate but nothing exceptional and was not cleaned to a satisfactory standard.The food at the restaurants was of a good standard but overpriced and the restaurants were always empty and lacking any energy or life. The breakfast buffet was poor in comparison to other hotels in Jumeirah and the breakfast restaurant unattractive without the option of eating al fresco. The kid’s menu is unadventurous.The pool area is fine but a little cramped without much thought to design. The waiting staff around the pool area were very slow and it always took ages to order food and drinks.The kid's club was pretty non-existent and again little enthusiasm was shown. No water sports for kids etc – just drawing and DVDs!Overall the experience was pretty bad. Dubai is a great place to hang out and there are lots of hotels which really do live up to and beyond the 5* rating. My recommendation would be to find somewhere else to stay.	
Oct 17 2006 	Simply...Amazing	It was our first visit to dubai, we found it difficult to choose a hotel but we decided to go for the habtoor grand. To the hotel was amazing is a lie.....it was better than that. We loved it, not only was the service fantastic the food was the best I have ever had and I love my food. The breakfast was 10* the restaurants were quality and again the service brilliant. Our room was huge and had great views overlooking the sea. This was by far the best hotel I have ever been and would HIGHLY recomend it. Just great. Worth every penny.	
Sep 29 2006 	Fabulous	We have just returned from a week at the Habtoor Grand. - what a fabulous hotel.We had a club room with a seaview - well worth the extra money. The rooms are beautifully decorated and the bathroom was to die for. The hotel has a very large main pool with a splendid pool bar; we spent much of our time there, but there is also an infinity pool and a childrens pool with waterslides and other features.It was very hot during our stay - 100 plus every day, so we didn't use the beach much as it was scorching. We swam in the sea a couple of times - it was like swimming in a hot bath. The beach was, however, spotless with lots of sunbeds for hotel guests and the hotel provides a lifeguard for much of the day.The staff were attentive and couldn't do enough for us, but without being overly so.Breakfast was buffet style and catered to all tastes. We tended to eat dinner away from the hotel, but can recommend the pool bar menu if you feel peckish at lunchtime.There is a courtesy bus which runs approximately two hours to the Emirates Mall - huge - and the Gardens Mall, both of which are worth a visit and have good restaurants too.We shall be returning to Dubai without doubt and shall stay at the Habtoor when we do.	
Sep 20 2006 	Luxury at the Habtoor	On arrival at the Habtoor Grand Hotel and Spa, Dubai we were allocated an upgrade on our room and given vouchers for the restaurants - each worth almost €30 per person per meal - a good start! The rooms are spacious and comfortable, and the bathrooms are wonderful. We had a great view of the Persian Gulf if we looked left, and of construction on the right - which pretty much sums up Dubai! We were 1 adult and an 8 year old and there are so many restaurants that it was easy to find food that both of us enjoyed, the pools and the areas surrounding the pools are relaxing, fun and well staffed. There are several pool attendants on duty at any one time and they were extemely vigilant. The cafe within the pool was novel and kept us cool!The customer service in the hotel puts almost anywhere else we've ever stayed to shame. Nothing is too much trouble, and any request is followed-up to make sure that the question or issue is resolved satisfactorily. The staff are friendly and helpful but are never over the top and add to the excellence in the hotel.The Habtoor is a great hotel where we were able to relax, have fun, eat well, and is in a lovely location. The only negative was that on two nights there was persistant construction noise from an adjacent site, so a room facing the Gulf might avoid this. My 8 year old says 'the hotel was brilliant, fantastic and excellent'. Says it all really!	
Aug 8 2006	Wonderful Habtoor Grand Plaza	The Whelan Family stayed at the Habtoor Grand Plaza from the 18th to the 25th July 2006 and we were very pleasantly surprised. As a family with two children ages rangeing from 3 to 12 that has done alot of travelling I would definately recommend the Habtoor Grand Plaza Hotel. It has everything you would need for a family holiday. The staff are extremely friendly and cannot do enough for you. The food was beautiful. We stayed in the Tower Family Room and it was perfect for a family holiday. There is easy access to the shopping centres, ski dubai, wild wadi and the Kerama district for a little light shopping. It is situated right on the beach and there is pleanty of water sports for all ages. There is a large gym which myself and my husband frequented daily and a beautiful spa for those little pick me up moments. I would definately class it as a five star hotel with 5 star service. Our compliments to the management and staff.	
Jun 22 2006	Habtoor Grand resort Ill be back	Stunning.Just got back from 10 days at the Habtoor, could not fault it.Location, people, rooms, resturants, Pools, all top class best i have expeienced.Get a Club Room, which costs a bit more, is must if you can afford it.Club rooms are very large and well laid out It gives you Complementary Limo Transferre to and From the Hotel from the Airport.You can also Borrow For a small cost the Hotel's brand New Bentley, Great for Turning up at the Shopping malls {etc} InAccess to the Club Lounge Private BarBreakfast in the Club room, Complementary Tea/ Coffee/soft drinks 24hrs a dayComplementary Achoholic Drinks Between 6 pm and 10 pm, with complemantary Canapees.Complemtary High tea between 3pm and 5 pm, Sandwiches, cakes, Chocolate machine.Basically the drinks make it worth the extra alone, And in the high season, you get Club reserved area's around the pools, sundeck, beach. So no worries about ever getting a spot even if the hotel is full. Yes there is some buliding work around the hotel, but most of Dubai is effected by building works and at no time effected our stay.Dubai marina is a short taxi ride away, or about a 15 mins walk. Lots of nice resturants and bars.Great For Kids, Kids Club, Kids pool with slide100% will be going back,	
Jun 16 2006 	For leisure definitely stay here.	I stayed here for work. Like others, I was skeptic by the reviews and even asked to switch. But due to high occupancy of the hotels, I had to stay. I'm glad I did.The service is superb... they cater to your needs and are always asking if everything is OK. I admit it got a bit annoying, because for every request (iron, shampoo, more hangers, ice, you name it), they always followed up with a call to ensure service happened well. Because the needs were basic and nothing was wrong, I felt it too much... but I know if something was wrong, I would have appreciated that they pro-actively asked me, instead of me waiting to come to them, if I would have. Further... they asked me when I checked in when I thought I would check out, which was unusual for me. However, about 3 hours prior to me checking out (i checked out at 11pm, so 8pm)... I got a call asking me how my overall stay was and they asked me a few quality questions. I thought this was very good of the hotel... instead of relying on the paper forms they leave in the room, which at times I want to fill out, but then never get around to doing it. The negatives area) its trying to be a 5-star hotel.. but its not quite. The look is very pleasing throughout, but they didnt do a great job on the finishing touches... so the closer you look, the closer you find that the construction of things, paint finishes, etc, are not very good. Shower leaked daily, poorly constructed, etc.b) not really a business hotel in my opinion. They have a conference center so they want to be... but simple things like shipping a package, getting money, business center service desk, etc. were not up to par. This is why if I was staying for business, I would prefer to stay somewhere else, where staff knows general business inquiries and can easily cater. I wanted to ship something overnight, and I was bounced around- reception, business centre to conceirge. Breakfast is good, and the meals at other restaurants, esp. the asian-fusion restaurant, is great. For leisure, the pool is large, the beach is great, and they have lots of activities at your disposal for renting (kayaks, boats, snorkling, diving, etc). If I was going to vacation in Dubai for a week in the sun, I would definitely come back here. The gym is quite large too. Spa is fine too.	
Jun 15 2006	can't fault the Habtoor Grand resort and spa....	just back today from 5 days at the Habtoor. We had a great time, room. food and pool all excellent. Staff were friendly and helpful. Weather too hot, but couldn't complain. I would recommend this hotel as a family holiday. I had read the previous reviews,and I was a little concerned about my choice of hotel, but this was my second time in Dubai, and I found it better than the first.	
Jun 13 2006	40th Birthday	Having read the earlier reviews we were a little apprehensive although luckily we did not experience any of these problems. Our stay was fantastic from start to finish. Having been to Dubai 6 years ago we were well aware of all the major construction and can't understand how people could have missed this when researching where to stay! It did not effect our stay at all, not a pretty skyline so avoid taking photo's in that direction but no noise disturbance. Jumeiah beach resort has always been isolated from the city and shops, if you want to be closer then stay in a hotel there.The rooms were great, we had ajoining rooms with our children 3 and 14. Breakfast pleased our variety of tastes, lunches and dinners the same. Two other couples came with us, one had a studio in the gardens which was beautiful, the rest of us had tower rooms with sea views which were superb.The staff were all very friendly and curtious and eager to please. The pools were very clean and well staffed. On my husbands birthday, a complimentary birthday cake arrived in our room which was delicious!We recommend a trip to the Wild Wadi, a cruise up the Creek, the Gold Soukes, dining at the Hard Rock Cafe and Billy Blues.One grumble: on our first full day there was a private function around the main pool to which we were not allowed access. This was not acceptable but we were taxied to the Oasis Resort for the day free of charge at our convenience.	
May 31 2006	worth staying at	Arrived early morning, and were allowed to check in more or less immediately as I had young kids who were tired, and they had a room that was available. The main reason we booked this was that we were told that this was one of the few hotels that allowed parents plus 2 young kids to stay in the same room, and hence we had a Tower Family room. Room was spacious, had a dvd player (but no dvds to rent at hotel) and clean with half sea view.Hotel has three pools one of which was a kids pool, which both of mine enjoyed very much and pools were clean with attentive life guards.Ate most lunchtimes at hotel and one evening, and food was ok but pricey, as were most other things at the hotel (spa). Breakfast was what I consider to be limited for a five star hotel, but still did the trick.Staff were friendly, housekeeping a bit slow, and hotel has usual trimmings one would expect from a superior hotel.Worse things about hotel was the location. This part of Dubai is all under construction but if you want to stay on the beach thats the way it goes. However, I like to walk around when Im on holiday but at this location you couldnt walk anywhere and needed to take cabs in spite of limited shuttle service. For example we wanted to go to Deira City centre so needed a cab there and back.Worth staying a, however, and would recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2006	fabulous	having not being to dubai before i was a bit unsure what to expect... i had been reading mixed reviews on the forum and on here. This is my view.. we arrived at the hotel early tuesday morning 9am.. and were told our room wouldnt be ready until 2pm (check in time), so they offered to take our cases, and we allowed to use the pool ..bars ect... at 2pm we checked in.. we were booked into a club double.. but the nice bloke on reception upgraded us free of charge to a grand club suite.... it was fantastic.... the room was amazing... and the service we recieved was outstanding.everyone at the hotel was very pleasent and always smiled and said hello or good morning.the food was good.. around £40 for meal for 2 without drinks.the horizan pool was next door to our room, and was absolutly perfect for views of the gulf and the burj al arab.. building work was going on all around, but it didnt spoil any part of our time in Dubai... in fact you hardly noticed it unless you were in a taxi.i wouldnt hesitate to go back to this hotel.	
May 19 2006	Excellent stay-nice grounds and great service!	We were upgraded on arrival to a club suite which was spacious and had great views of the marina and beach! The grounds were well kept and more green than the other hotels in the area. Swimming pool was large and also nice to find a waterslide there as well. Only effort was breakfast and lack of organisation but on the whole a really nice stay!	
Apr 30 2006 	Great hotel - Poor location	The hotel itself is very good. Staff is helpfull, rooms are spacious and beautifull, both pools (horizontal and garden) are exceptional with a wonderfull sea view. The breakfast is a buffet served in one of the restaurant.The problems are around the hotel:- located in a vast area of building construction. Very noisy, a lost of cranes, workers, concrete transportations, detours, road constructions, etc- the sea view from the hotel is great but the view from the beach to the hotel area is something to skip: constructions, constructions, constructions. Tens of cranes and spotlight powered on 24/7.- to access the hotel, it is necessary to drive through the work area. They are building a Manhattan like city around the hotel !- from the room, the view on the repair area of the Dubai marina is disapointingDefinitively, a nice hotel badly located for tourists (or the skycrapper lovers) but very good for business men working at the Dubai Media City or Internet City.	
Apr 26 2006	habtoor just back	went to the habtoor grand for easter ;did not think it very grand. the room we had said views we had a wall very dark the bed was very very uncomfortable to and the food was expensive and not very good cold ;rooms ok but not 5 `***** we ask for other room but they said they had none so all we had to look at was the wall;nice;we stayed at the jumeriah beach hotel last time superb that is 6****** great rooms lovely views of the lovely beach;and of the burj al arab food great very good price wise to;dinner on 25th floor views of dubai great people very helpful and nice will def stay there next time	
Apr 7 2006	What a disappointment !!	Our trip got off to a bad start. We booked a 3night stay at the Al Habtoor as a special birthday treat.Arriving at Dubai airport at 1 in the morning we were met by a smiley happy person telling us the Hotel was overbooked ! and we were being transferred to their sister Hotel in the City ... Not impressed....Just one night he said ! gleefully. Needless to say we were offered the mandatory upgrade and 10% off, but losing a morning by the sea is penal when you are on a short stay. The car to transfer us was late and we almost lost the whole of the next morning. Suitably apologetic the Hotel Room Manager upgraded us to a Suite. They were attentive, cant complain but felt they should have wiped out the first night room caost completely. However, we got the free birthday cake and one or two other little things, but our main impression of the resort and Dubai was poorWith an overcrowded main pool, poor signposting everywhere, lots of lack of attention to detail we could see no justification for the 7 star rating. In Spain it would have been a 3 star plus.The breakfast areas suffered from a lack of attention to the fine details. Cutlery missing, having to hail down waiters for tea or coffee, a 20 minute wait for poached eggs, then switching to bouiled eggs, no egg cups !!And you dont want to spend your holiday surrounded by high rise construction everywhere.I think Dubai Tourist or Government Agencies have lost the plot. There is no compensation for lack of culture, far too much soulless building, overcrowded highways, beaches that would compete poorly with the med , and sky high prices in the Hotels. The atmosphere is of a society which is shallow and driven by profit and greed, and the victims are tourists. Take away the sun and whats left ??In summary this holiday reminded of my early holidays in Benodorm.Dubai, and Al Habtoor in particular, wake up !! Or we wont be coming back	
Apr 5 2006	Beautiful Hotel	I read some of the other reviews and tend to agree with some of the content. The hotel surroundings are not pretty, there is construction going on all over Dubai. Get a tower room, as they are newer and just gorgeous!! Fresh fruit and chocolates greet you. The hotel restaurants are fantastic. The buffet breakfast is never-ending and the Mediterranean/Middle East restaurant off the lobby is wonderful. Go early...the restaurant doesn't even open until 7 p.m. We were the only customers there and got treated like royalty!! The lounge next door is a nice place for a quiet drink and the British pub downstairs is a great place to meet friends. The Emirates Mall?? Forget it. Go to the Ibn Buttata mall. It's quieter, mush nicer inside (each section is a different country e.g. China, India) and the stores are the same or better.	
Apr 5 2006 	toddlers delight	We stayed with our two kids 3.5 &amp; 2 Years. We booked a club room and when we checked in we asked for a upgrade to suite, which we got but they took away the club option. After a couple of days and change of staff the club was gving back and a better suite as well. We were staying for 2 weeks after all. The club was brillant the two guys there dealt with my crazy kids brillantly. They made us feel like royalty and it was certainly the best thing about the hotel. We arranged babysitters, but it is important that you try and arrange it early and have confirmation as there is a huge communication problem within departments in the hotel. There is a lot of disgruntled employees, but you meet them in every hotel in dubai. We opted to have breakfast in the room most mornings as it was easier with the children, but one morning we got some unwelcomed guests in our cereal (museli), it was the only time that the service was so quick and the food and beverage manager turned up that evening with some canapes as an apology. The underground bar is very friendly and happy hour is good value. The pool is brillant and was such a beautiful temp the jazcuzzis on the steps are great welcome into the pool. And the kiddies pool is exciting for the younger ones. We stayed at the oasis beach the week before and it was freezing in the kiddies pool. The kids club is newly opened and not fully functional, my daughter was the only one in there most of the time so got the attention of three people, they were excellent. The rooms are all new, finishes is pretty bad you can see it was a rushed job at the end, but the fittings are 5 star, beds great. The Spa and gym are excellent. And the pool &amp; beach guards fantastic. Food was a bit dull for room service and the beach front cafe was rotten. But the Mexican restaurant excellent. Overall, it has the makings of a state of the art hotel, no expensive has been spared - its just the service in certain areas of the hotel that needs ajusting. But for 4 hundred euros a night you should expect the best.	
Apr 3 2006	could do better	we recently returned after 7 days at the habtoor it did not start off to well as the transport we had arranged thru hotel never showed up so we had to get a taxi from airport to hotel.we had booked a tower room which was terrific but i had to go to reception 0215 in morning to ask if workmen could stop hammering and drilling in the lobby area as we could not sleep it seems a lot of staff are not english speaking so some problems making myself understood we did not mind the construction going on around the hotel as u are on the beach it is all going on behind u service in the main was ok i would advise any one booking this hotel to go for the tower rooms as the garden rooms tho near the pool are much older so appear a bit shabby i was told by staff that some of these rooms were being remodeled also the hotel has been open a number of months so it may be it needs time to settle	
Apr 3 2006	Service not up to it	As a previous reviewer states, the staff were surly and generally unhelpful. I will just catalog my experience and let you make up your own mind.When we checked in we had a voucher and had paid in full to our agent Emirates Tours. However, for some reason our booking was not in the hotel computer. The staff, were not particularly helpful at resolving our plight and at times were quite dismissive.We wanted to go to Arab Al Burj (the self proclaimed seven star hotel). I asked the concierge if he could book us a table. He said that he would try, when I went back to him an hour later he said that he had tried but that it was not possible. I then went up to my room picked up the phone and booked a table myself. He clearly hadn't even tried.Our return flight was early in the morning so I paid our extras bill at 04.00am when we returned from our evening out. I was asked if I had used the minibar and replied that I had not used the minibar at all. I paid the bill by credit card and we went up to bed. At 4.30am a member of staff repeatedly knocked on our door to check the minibar even though I had just told him that I hadn't used it (they had my credit card anyway).The gym is good, the food in the restaurants was very overpriced, the pool sunloungers are all gone by 9.30am and no, the service is not five star quality. Try the Royal Meridien next door!	
Mar 30 2006	Great stay at Habtoor Grand Resort	As my friends and I left the Habtoor Grand Resort we saw the 5* rating at the entrance. The property is nearly there at 4.5* in my opinion. We stayed four days in two closeby resort rooms overlooking the huge pool area. Attendants were plentiful and keen to assist. Several restaurant staff offered to take drinks and snacks orders for guests. Small problems in the rooms were quickly fixed by polite staff. Everywhere was spotless and housekeeping staff were seen tidying and polishing. The eating choices are extensive but a little pricey. Deals are available during happy hour for selected beverages in the Underground sports bar. The only shop is pool side for amenities and has a limited range. A local supermarket at Dubai Marina is a 10 min taxi ride (AED10) or a dusty 30 min walk. Most of the surrounding area is under construction with some noise and traffic. The clientele were from varied backgrounds including Europe, Russia and China. We all had outstanding experiences using the Elixir spa facilities at reasonable prices.. but you need to book a day ahead. The state of the art gym is well worth a visit and its open 24/7.Our initial thought was that our rate was expensive but reviewing the stay we all agreed it was very good value for the location and facilities.The property did well to make it on to my own favourite places to stay. It's a great place for a relaxing holiday with or without children. Enjoy!	
Mar 11 2006 	A resort surrounded by big construction sides with nice pool---	The problem with many hotels in Dubai and that counts as well for the Habtoor is that it is not five star. It is between 3 and 4 in my eyes. Most of the reviews of Habtoor are correct. The shower often does not work properly. The rooms are o.k. and very clean. The cuisine tries to be European but is not and it would be properly better to either change the cook or change the dining concept. The shops are not existing and the friendlyness of the staff is okay, but there is room for improvement. The pool area is nice and well maintained. The beach area is surrounded by many construction towers and is nothing special. This area as such is not nice at all and it looks like it has been the case on the Spanish coastside during the 70´s. Spoiling the country and the seaside for gigantic planing seems to be the motto-big, bigger, the ugliest. The hotel is very far from the City Center and there is nothing around but construction sides. I would say, it is not worth the money you have to pay. I was there for business reasons. The hotel has many guests from Russia and AustraliaI have been to Dubai many times now and every time I come back, it more looses its identity. Shopping Malls like everywhere else in the world, European prices, European dishes, American Restaurants Chains,,,,, and the newer part of Dubai has no flair at all. Next time, I will prefer a Hotel in the older part of Dubai.	
Feb 19 2006	Go Habtoor!	I stayed 5 nights and 6 days in Habtoor Grand Resort and Spa a fortnight back.Like the rest of Dubai, its presence towers you. I stayed in the rooms near the pool, the old structures. Contrary to what I had heard previously, the room was quite nice with apt room service. The minibar was well stocked and the bathroom decent. The gym of habtoor is very large and the buffets delicious. The beach is a treat for an early morning walk.The reception and conceirge desks' staff were fairly good but could do with improvement.And yes, the valet service and doormen were courteous to the hilt.The new spa treatment is quite relaxing if you have the time.All in all, I would recommend it to anyone visiting Dubai for work or leisure.	
Feb 17 2006	what else could you want?	I have just returned from a half term break at the Habtoor Grand. We could not get into the Jumeriah and the agent at 'Best at' suggested this hotel.I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews published on tripadvisor. Fortunately they did not appear particulary representative of this hotel and I felt the need to help correct the balance.Situated between the Grosvenor,the Royal Meridien and the yacht club, the Habtoor has its own well enclosed grounds that lead to its private beach.The only building works affecing it are in the grounds of the Royal Meridien. Having only been open 6 months the hotel and grounds are in pristine condition. We had a family tower room which was spacious in the extreme, as was the bathroom (with one of the biggest walk in showers I have seen). There are older 'garden rooms'in the grounds that did appear relatively shabby from the outside. I was lead to understand there is a future plan for them to be demolished and two more towers built.All the staff offered a friendly greeting all the time. The reception staff were helpful ,although some of them appeared shy in asking if you needed help. I mentioned a problem about towels and having sorted the problem they remembered to keep asking if everything was still ok.The sports facilities were excellent. The two tennis courts had only been open a 4 months, the professional was great value. The gym was huge with all new top of the range kit, about 20 weight stations and 12 aerobic machines . Two trainers were there all the time but there were never more than one or two other guests training.The main buffet restaurant was superb with a different choice of dishes every night. We opted to eat in 3 of the other 5 restaurants. Our half board allowance was removed from the final bill. We had been warned about the price of wine so were not surprised by the price of an average bottle.All the restaurants appeared very quiet in the evening, yet breakfast was very busy. The hotel was fully booked so I assume they have built in capacity for future development.There was a real mixture of fellow guests. Families from all over Europe, delegates from various conferences running at the hotel and a constant turnover of Canadian Army personnel from Afganistan (who made the pool bar very lively).There appeared to be 3 sunbeds for every guestOur daughter enjoyed the kids club and waterslides.We all enjoyed the watersports, especially the jetskis.Overall I felt the hotel easily exceeded our expectations and would recommend to a family visiting Dubai.	
Feb 17 2006	Lovely Hotel	I have just returned from staying at the Habtoor in Dubai. I'd read alot of mixed reviews before going and decided not to make up my mind until I got there although I have to admit I was expecting the worst. We got there mid morning and unfortunatley their computer system had gone down so we were asked to wait in the lobby. The wait wasn't long and we were called to check in. We asked for a 'free upgrade' and were surprised when they escorted us to the 'club check in desk'. We were upgraded to a beautiful club room which was spacious and great as we had two small children. The staff were really helpful and friendly. There were the odd niggles like my husband getting locked in the bathroom due to a faulty door lock and there not being a cover on one of the electric sockets, but these were fixed within half an hour of reporting them. It was my husbands birthday on the day we arrived and when we returned from the Mall that evening, we were surprised to find a huge birthday cake in our room. Nobody had mentioned a thing and we did at first think they had put the cake in the wrong room!! All the staff were really nice and really helpful. The food in the hotel was lovely and the premises was very clean. I would definitley recommend this hotel.	
Feb 9 2006 	Thought the hotel was great and I am a travel agent!	I have just returned after my first visit to Dubai. I went on a work educational where we look at various hotels and excursions whilst out there. We were lucky to stay in the Habtoor Grand. On our coach journey from the airport we could see our hotel in the Jumeirah Skyline yet due to the building work going on its seemed to take ages actually pulling up to the hotel. It seemed to be that you go the long way round to get to the entrance yet in theory that was the only way to get to it.The reception area is large and spacious and the service very efficient I couldn't fault that. The hotels guest rooms were located in 2 towers. Some people didn't realise this and went to the wrong tower.Our room was lovely and spacious and compared to the other hotels we visited out there I realise that we were very lucky because of this. In your room there is a selection of fruit, cakes and chocolates for you to eat. Also something I noticed is they supplied the plates and knifes and forks in order to eat them. How often have I stayed at a hotel and struggled to find a plate etc without ordering room service.The rooms all have a hairdryer in them, comlimentary slippers and bath robes you can use during your stay.The bathroom was well equiped and amenity kits were good. They had complimentary raizor and shaving gel, cotton buds, body lotion, bath salts, shampoo conditioner amoung a few and also good size bottles so you are not fighting over them.We had a fridge in our room yet we never purchased the items. Although outside on the side is a fresh bottle of still water which is complimentary.Our room overlooked the reception and the smaller pool. I personally think that after 2pm or so this pools sunlight may be blocked out from the 2 tower blocks.I went to the main pool where they supply complimentary towels to use. There is plenty of sunbeds and tables in between them.I got a leaflet on the spa prices and to tell you the truth i thought they were quite reasonable. Some treatments were about 100 Dirham some 300 Dirham it depends what you wanted. Unfortuately I did not have time to sample any yet I would have loved to.The gym looked well equiped although I didn't use it.There is a underground pub which is popular . It has a pool table and a nice area to socialize although i would say you are looking at 21 Dirhams for half a Tiger beer, 10 Dirhams for a coke so I suppose they are about the same as other hotels/restaurants in Dubai.The hotel has a childrens club and a range of activities are put on a sheet in your hotel room. If I was to take my children they would feel occupied.The breakfast is a buffet service. I am a fussy eater so this is normally a better option for me. There was a wide range of cheeses, fruits, cereals, cooked breakfasts (no Pork though) so they do like Turkey Bacon or steaks instead, Omlette bar, toast, pastries, youghurt etc. Food would not be a problem and I am sure they would cater for any special diet if you warned them. I feel if I could eat there and be stuffed each day then others would be fine aswell as I am very particular with what I eat.I am a Dubai Expert and happy to offer any advise so please email me.	
Feb 1 2006 	Excellent hotel	I have just returned from this hotel yesterday after spending 3 nights in it. My room was on the 17th floor with a view over the palm island and the marina. The room was large and the bathroom was really nice with a glass sink, very large shower which was powerful and a massive bath. The staff where very friendly. The breakfast that you get is fit for a king. I tried the underground British pub a few nights, this was very nice but go during happy hour from 6-8pm or you end up paying a lot for drinks. There is a really big swimming pool with a swim up bar and a lap pool on the 3rd floor (but I didn't have time to see it). The beach has lots of sunbeds with life guards on duty. Yes there is building work everywhere in Dubai and it can't be avoided. There are a lot of new apartment towers being built along the Jumeriah Beach area and there will be approx 280 to be completed around this area over the next few years, these will form the Dubai Marina development. I had a wonderful time (3rd time in Dubai). I don't think the building work will ever end in Dubai as at the moment it is only 10% of the rulers vision for the future.	
Jan 17 2006	Very Good Hotel	Again, like previous travellers, I was worried after seeing previous negative reviews. However, I would have absolutely NO hesitation to recomend this Hotel. Staff were very friendly and efficient. Hotel was very clean and the food in ALL the restaraunts was excellent. We stayed for 10 nights at the hotel and dined in the hotel for 9 of these. Like other travellers, I would comment that the restaurants were very quiet in the evenings, but this might be due to the fact that the majority of the guests were Russian and seemed not to eat out in the evening. The food was quite expensive, but it was &quot;good&quot; restaurant standard. We stayed in a Grand Club Room which was spotlessley clean and maintained. The Grand Club Roooms also had the added benefit of the &quot;Grand Club&quot; which provided complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea, and pre dinner canapes and cocktails. In my view, worth the extra. There was a lot of contruction work around the hotel, but this did not affect our holiday. However, if you are worried about contruction then Dubai is definately the wrong venue. In short, if you have already booked a holiday here or are planning to do so, I would have abslutely NO regrets.	
Jan 16 2006 	Don't be mistaken...	Being able to identify the value of a review (or lack of it!) does relate to the experiences of the reviewer. Given how many problems arose staying here it may help if I mention that usually I'd like to be staying somewhere like the Hotel du Vin chain in the UK or a good quality, friendly, comfortable and charming hotel...so that is probably why I did not like the Habtoor.It is new - and therein lies most of the problem. It certainly does not compare to the Madinat or Jumeirah Beach in quality or location. The weather might be nice but behind the hotel it is remiscent of 1970's Spain with tower blocks obscuring the morning sun.To make clear - this is not a 5 star hotel and do not expect that! I too found that the hotel reception staff were sullen, uninspired and difficult for the most part - although having complained about this I did get more response and was looked after. The garden view rooms are definitely not part of the new build so avoid - the two new main towers have nice rooms that are spacious. Unfortunately there are large numbers of teething problems. My shower did not work. It was &quot;fixed&quot; three times during my stay - once because it would not go hot, then because it would not change from boiling hot and then because the water was going up not down!!! On the last occasion I despaired as I came back and found the hallway covered in water, the workmen having left it like that.The food was distinctly average, Western but not anything to inspire. Facilies were ok - gym was fine, pool ok in the early morning and reasonably large. The beach was nothing special. I was at a conference held at the Madinat but could not get a room there. It is better located - with a souk right beside it. Dubai is a strange mix of cultures. I went to the huge Mall of the Emirates, a combination of all things English and American. Shop at Next, John Lewis (or its equivalent!), and buy coffee at Starbucks whilst watching people ski in the ski dome! Bizarre - and the prices are no different to shopping at home. Would I go back to Dubai? If I had a business reason to do so but not socially. Would I go back to this hotel? Definitely not. Despite the teething problems there were too many underlying issues to suggest that it will ever be of the quality and nature of a five star hotel (when compared to similar places both in Dubai and worldwide). Any suggestion that it is of that quality is I believe misleading!	
Jan 3 2006	ab fab	Hi Stayed at the Habtoor over Christmas. Having seen the really bad reviews was worried but trust me its a great place. The staff, rooms and overall experience was very good. We stayed in garden view rooms overlooking the pool very nice and quiet. The trip was booked through trailfinders and they were excellent. Restaurants were quiet in the hotel but the food we did have was very very good. There is a lot of construction work around the hotel but this did not interfere with our holiday.	
Dec 13 2005 	Stay home if you have booked here.	On the surface this hotel appears to be pretty nice, possibly of four star quality...but things quickly change after spending time within its walls. We have been staying at the hotel for almost 3 weeks (with a week to go) and have been miserable. The physical appearance of the hotel creates a certain expectation level for service that this hotel just can't meet at this time. The staff is trying hard, but as other reviewers have said they have a hard time communicating in English, and it takes at least two phone calls to get anything done. We haven't had to change rooms...until today when our water disappeared and the whole floor we were on is under construction. They had asked if they could move because of some &quot;routine maintenance&quot;. Because we had been there for a few weeks and are currently working (so no time to move) we asked if they could keep us where we are and hold off on the &quot;routine maintenance&quot;. Our mistake. I accept part of the blame, but it outlines the difficulty in communication that is rampant at this hotel. Had I known they were going to be stripping walls and pulling off moulding, I would have moved. I think that's a little more extensive than &quot;routine maintenance&quot;. Am I wrong?That is just one example of the situation here. I don't think I need to talk about others. They are all covered by the other reviewers. The only thing that I like about the hotel is the valet crew and doormen. They are great, helpful and always smiling. They all deserve raises.Just remember if you have booked here and are still planning on staying after reading these comments. It looks pretty good, but expect one star service and a lot of frustration.	
Dec 11 2005 	We never would stay here again!	I'm here at the Habtoor &quot;Grand&quot; Resort &amp; Spa right now with 6 employees, 7 rooms total for 16 days. We're staying here for business. We're very seasoned travellers, and not whiners.This place is horrible! Someday it may be OK...but is should not be open now. One of the bellmen told one of us that about 20% of the rooms were not yet &quot;habitable&quot;. Well, let me tell you that at least several that are being sold are not habitable either. I'll not bore you with the low quality fit and finish throughout. Oh, and the windows are filthy.By the way last year we stayed at the Madinat Jumairah a few miles up the beach (sold out this time), THAT is a 5 star hotel. Habtoor calling itself &quot;5 star +&quot; is a horrible lie. Real problems center on water...particularly showers. All hot, no cold...or all cold, no hot...or tile floor leveled wrong so the water totally floods the room. How about A/C...your choice: none, or 17C with no control. Some outlets work...some don't. Maintanance says they can't repair these things without tearing walls apart...so we get moved. Our champion (so far) is in his 7th room (no upgrades by the way, just another room), 2 are on their 5th, 1 on his 4th; well, you get the idea. A side note, perhaps they actually are repairing things, a number of times various members of my party are avakened at 4 or 5 AM by extensive banging on pipes.The main resturant is OK for breakfast, I'd not eat there again for lunch or dinner. Even for buffets, the staff can barely understand english so wrong drinks and checks are routine. Returning late evenings I ordered dessert there 3 times. So far I've got 4 entirely different items..one was way off the chart, and the other 3 were recognisable as what I ordered, yet vastly dissimilar. I guess they make it up as they go along. We've taken to eating at the Hard Rock which is fairly close, it might even be walkable if the hotel wasn't surrounded by massive high-rise construction projects. One morning there was entertainment as a man on a rickety ladder caulked all the windows in the dining room. Yesterday morning there was a man applyig a smelly sealant inside our elevator, merrily burping every few minuites as we decended the 24 floors. A desk clerk suggested I get an item at the gift shop...after following signs for a while another staffer explained there is no gift shop yet, but they hope to have one soon. Our experienceis that staff is not nasty, just very ignorant of correct procedures and/or unable to communicate in English.Oh, and connecting to the internet is 100 Dh per day, wireless or cable (which I consider near robbery); its free at Hard Rock.Again, Never Again!	
Dec 9 2005	would not go there again		
Nov 28 2005	Poor hotel - do not stay here unless desperate		
Nov 14 2005	Wow what a surprise!!		
Nov 13 2005	Excellent hotel!		
Oct 28 2005	Well deserved 5* Hotel		
Oct 19 2005	Loved this hotel		
Sep 25 2005	Worst hotel we've stayed in our life!		
Aug 5 2005	Wonderful beach		
Jul 3 2005	nice		
Apr 11 2005	terrible		
Apr 11 2005	que asco de hotel		
Nov 7 2009 	Gepflegt Gute Lage 		
Nov 3 2009 	Ein tolles Hotel am Jumeirah Beach		
Oct 26 2009 	Super ruhiges aufmerksames Hotel		
Oct 21 2009 	Alles top!!!		
Oct 4 2009 	Das war das was man von einem 5sternen Hotel erwartet		
Sep 24 2009 	Familienfreundlich und trotzdem ruhig und erholsam		
Sep 17 2009 	Nicht noch einmal...!		
Aug 28 2009 	Absolutes Spitzenhotel		
Aug 19 2009 	semplicemente perfetto		
Mar 11 2009	Schönes Hotel		
Mar 9 2009	Excellent séjour		
Feb 17 2009 	ca va .... pas trop mal		
Jun 27 2008 	hotel ottimo per vacanza balneare		
Apr 8 2008 	Rodeados de gruas		
Apr 7 2008 	Relax ma lontano dal centro		
Feb 5 2008 	ottima struttura adatto alle famiglie con bambini		
Nov 9 2007 	super chic		
Nov 3 2007	Absolut nicht empfehlenswert		
Aug 31 2007 	Un esperienza indimenticabile		
Aug 18 2007 	niente da eccepire		
May 20 2007 	splendida esperienza		
