Jul 23 2009 	Stopover in Dubai	We spent 2 nights here on our way to Africa. The rooms were excellent, spacious and comfortable and enough beds for our family (often a problem with 3 children). Though the kettle plug didn't fit into the wall plug! Reception staff were very good. The two downsides were that the pool was closed for renovation (our kids were so looking forward to a swim considering it was so hot outside!) and the service in the restaurant. Don't use the restaurant if you can help it. We were travelling with 2 other families and were exhausted when we arrived having travelled from Australia &amp; NZ and didn't feel like walking in the heat for somewhere to eat - well we should have. It took up to 2 hours for food to arrive - mine actually never did arrive. And my daughter fell asleep in her chair before her's (a hamburger) arrived. When the hamburgers did arrive, they looked like they'd been bought from outside the hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	fantastic	Was abit anxious when i booked these appts but was surprised &amp; very very pleased. Very clean &amp; felt as if we were at home. Staff are wonderful.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent hotel!!	I just got back home after an amazing holiday in dubai.my family and i stayed at this hotel and i just had to write a review for them.im wondering why no one has written more about it till now..its extremely clean,comfortable and in an amazing location very close to spinneys(24 hr grocery store) 1 min walk and a 5 mins walk to burjuman mall which has most of the major brands.the hotel has a free shuttle to jumeira beach every day twice a day.the b'fast buffet has a huge selection to chose from.the staff is very helpful and cheerful.the rooms r cleaned immaculately everyday and none of our stuff was touched or moved even an inch.the room rates are probably the best one could find in all of dubai considering the location and the facilities they offer.i will be definately going back to kirklees on my next visit to dubai.	
Jul 18 2008 	Absolutely a good choice	We booked this hotel-apartment for 2 weeks. It was a 2-bedroomapartment with 2 bathrooms and a balcony. The kitchen is fully equipt, including a washingmachine and a microwave. There was no ironing, but the cleaner brought us one, fully free. Everything is clean and the staff is very helpfull and kindly. We did not have breakfast in the restaurant, but it is possible to take one. The apartment is close to the Burjuman Shoppingmall and Spinney's, a 5-10 minutes walk.There is a shuttle to the beach, but that is a public beach. The apartment is just around the corner of The GoldenSands Apartments 10 and 11. When you want to stay in the centre of Bur Dubai, this hotel-apartment is a good choice.	
