Nov 13 2009 	Great for relaxing stopovers	This is a marvellous hotel for those who want to stop over after a long haul flight for a couple of nights. Clean luxurious relaxing rooms, lovely ambience within the hotel and excellent polite 'old fashioned' service.The staff work very hard and are always pleasant right from the management to the wonderfully polite, mostly Indians, who clean your room.Even the swimming pool toilets are luxurious!In the evening you can relax in the large open foyer listening to the tinkling of a piano.We hardly leave this hotel on our stopovers. We just indulge ourselves in relaxation.It is only a couple of minutes drive from the airport and yet quiet and calm.	
Oct 21 2009 	Hotel excellent	We stayed at the Al Bustana 7 years ago and were very impressed so we stayed there again this month. It has if anything got better and in the meantime we have stayed at hotels across the world and the Al Bustan is up there with the best. One minor point it is close to airport so no problems getting to and from the airport which is very useful bearing in mind Dubai traffic jams but it does mean it takes time to get into town if you intend to spend a lot of time there. Hotel provides a taxi service charged at normal rates., nice vehicles good drivers.Service from start to finish was excellent . As for most hotels you have the opportunity of picking out an employee who had most impressed, this was an impossible task as everyone excelled , reception, porters, restaurant staff in all the bars/restaurants, pool staff, Club Rotana staff and most definitely the housekeeping staff ( our room was maintained spotlessly ). Room had everything you need .We had paid extra for a Club Rotana room which we feel is worthwhile , before you go down to dinner you can have drinks and a selection of snacks (hot, cold , cheese , desserts etc ). You also have access to computers , a dedicated employee in the Club to help you , coffee and copy of Daily Mail in the morning.Also worth bearing in mind that even with air conditioning rooms facing sun can get very hot so worth checking when you arrive.Buffet breakfast is served in Choices good selection . We also ate in the Blue Thai restaurant , the Rodeo grill ,Choices in evening and the lobby lounge all excellent with matching servicePool, jacuzzi etc well maintained . Life guard on duty, plenty of umbrellas,nice bar.All in all a relaxing and enjoyable week	
Oct 7 2009 	Wonderfull!	I visited the al bustan hotel in december of the last year due to a long stopover in Dubai. I got a special offer on the hotel. Still expensive for my standards but compared to the other hotels very affordable.I was transfered to the hotel from the airport in a limousine driven by the most friendly man you could imagine.When I had arrived which was late around 1 am i checked in and everyone was nice although it being so late. I was given my room key and so I walked to the room and additionally wandering around the hotel. My room was amazing simple but large and equiped with everything you need. And everything was incredibly clean. At 3 am i was so thirsty and not wanting to pay huge amounts for things from the mini bar i went to the place where breakfast was served. I asked them if I could have something to drink and although they were preparing something the took the time and got me something. Which I thought was great. I know my expectations aren't that high. Give me a drink and a bed and i am happy.At breakfast time i went to the place where it was served and it was beautiful had fresh fruit, continental, asian and arabic? breakfast?.After that i left and was driven back to the airport. I couldn't have asked for more.A little tip when you arrive at the airport and don't have a hotel it is worth to haggle because the usually cut the price a bit. You have to because most hotels aren't affordable for people like me. After that i was off to Hong Kong!	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent hotel- great stay and good price	This was my first trip to Dubai. It was a stop over on the way out to the far east. I stayed for 2 nights and got a great deal- half board with free internet access for £75 per night. The hotel is really close to the airport and is only 5 mins away by taxi. These are all metered and reasonably priced (£4 for airport to hotel). I could not fault the hotel.. polite helpful staff / huge well furnished room / 5* facilities / spotlessly clean / great food in the restaurant. I took a city tour and this picked up from the hotel. There is also a shuttle service to the beach. Old Dubai is a short taxi ride away.... all in all highly recommended!	
Aug 29 2009 	Mixed Review	This is one of the first airport hotels in Dubai and I used to stay there so our children could go swimming when they were young. When we needed to stay near the airport this year I remembered the Al Bustan. The rate was great at Dhs450. Lobby is inviting and I was amazed how nice they've kept it over the years. Check in staff was extremely nice and we received the connecting rooms we asked. Upon arriving to the room, they refused to give us a roll away in the room for my husband and we had to plead that it was only a few hours and we would be off to the airport. The mattresses in the room really were not comfortable and I didn't sleep at all. If they change their mattresses I might be persuaded to return. Until then I'll stay in other hotels.	
Aug 25 2009 	very accommodating and great location for the airport	we stayed here for one night as a stopover on the way to the uk. we chose it for it's proximity to the airport and the excellent restaurants. we had stayed at the sister hotel rimmel rotana on our way back from the uk last year, with a two night stopover and didn't want to be catching the taxi's for restaurants etc. our arrival into dubai was very early in the morning and we were greeted by the hotel pickup who were warm and welcoming. the staff let us have an early check-in, at no extra cost. it might have helped that our children were being a bit rowdy at reception and exhausted from their travel. the staff are more than helpful, courteous and attentive. the double room was an excellent size for the four of us, with a clean and comfortable beds (two doubles in the room). the blue elephant thai has an all you can eat buffet a few nights a week, and the benihana teppanyaki also has an all you can eat (not buffet as they cook it in front of you). it's a short taxi or the free shuttle to the local shopping centre where you will find all the shops and restaurants you'd need. brilliant hotel if you don't want to explore dubai too much or short on time.	
Aug 10 2009 	Luxury without the high pricetag!	The Al Bustan Rotana in Dubai is an excellent hotel. I stayed for one night on a layover on my way home from Kenya. The hotel has a beautiful lobby with fountains. There are numerous delicious restaurants in the Hotel, and an excellent small bakery with seats in the lobby. The hotel staff is beyond friendly and very helpful. The hotel room has a mini bar and complimentary bottled water which is a must in hot Dubai. We recieved a free taxi ride to the airport on our departure, just because that is what kind of great service they offer. This was a great place to stay, an air conditioned oasis in the desert!	
Jul 15 2009 	A More Than Statisfying Stay!	This review is long overdue but our stay was so great that we have to give this place credit. We stayed at Bustan Rotana during the last few days of Dubai Tennis Tournament back in Feb. The reason we chose this hotel is because of its close proximity to the event venue (across the street). A 5 minute walk literally puts you at the gate of the Aviation Club. We booked directly thru the hotel (via phone) and got the best rate compared to other hotels in the vicinity that we've checked. Upon check-in, we were told that we had a VIP reservation which was a nice surprise! We were then taken upstairs to do the 'VIP' check-in. Our room was quite nice, super clean, and had everything that we needed and more. Breakfast was included, along with afternoon tea, and evening snacks in the lounge. They had a nice selection and the dining/sitting areas were really welcoming and never crowded. We didn't need to buy food at all during our stay, we just ate for free at the hotel. We wanted to eat at the Blue Elephant restaurant at the hotel (Thai) because we've been there before and loved it, however, our busy schedule didn't allow. For those who might be interested, the Aviation Club also offers plenty of dining options, cafes, etc.All in all, we loved the place and really appreciated the kindness of the staff. For next year's tennis event, we know were to stay!	
Jun 12 2009 	Godd hotel near airport	Firrst time in Dubai with very little time (arrive late Tuesday, meetings on Wednesday, leave early on Thursday). Hotel was all I expected, probably a bit more considering the price. Room was large enough and comfortable. Tea and coffee facilities as well as well stocked mini-bar.Staff helpful and friendly.Breakfast was excellent and also had a good meal at the Blue Elephant restaurant.Hotel is very near airport.Overall no complaints	
May 23 2009 	One of my best hotel experiences	I arrived here for the Cards MiddleEast event which is held in the hotel exhibition hall. The reason for choosing this hotel was to avoid any commute but the next time I am in Dubai, I'll have plenty of reasons to pick this hotel again.The vast and lavish lobby of the hotel welcomes you as soon as you enter the hotel. The gushing sound of fountains mixed with soothing melodies from live piano session in the center lounge makes you assured that you have come to the right place. The rooms are huge, the beds are very comfortable and there is an LCD TV in your room which is something that you dont get in most hotels even today. There were no complimentary fruit or chocolates in case you feel the urge to eat something at midnight, but that is trivial. The Internet was available in the rooms at a cost which is something I dislike but is the norm in most hotels in Dubai.The restaurants in the hotel are amazing as well. &quot;Blue Elephant&quot; is certainly one of the best places you can eat in Dubai. The hotel is at five minutes distance from the airport and taxis are easy to find even at night, which is a very big deal in Dubai.The only big minus point of this hotel is that the beach and the Dubai creek are far away and therefore the view from the windows is nothing special, just good old roads and traffic. This could be a deal breaker if you are looking for a sunny beach vacation but I didn't mind it much given my purpose of visit.Overall, I would love to stay here again in the future.	
May 4 2009 	Best Value for Money and great F	Try the Sushi night at benihana or the royal thai at Blue elpehant and of course, you have to taste the best piece of beef you could have in Dubai at the Rodeo Grill Steakhouse	
Apr 21 2009	Excellent Hotel	Stayed one night stopover on way back fro India to UK. We were picked up by limo from the airport which was lovely. We discovered afterwards that we had walked about half the way from the airport to the hotel to get the car, it's walkable if you have any engery left.The staff were all very pleasant and very efficient.The hotel is very impressive and clean. Our room was comfortable, good crisp linen, nice decor etc.It was nice to see a kettle with tea and coffee, however the water in the fridge was very expensive and you obviously can't drink the tap water. If you walk down the road(opposite the mosque) you can buy a bottle for a fraction of the price. There was one free small bottle between 2 people which is a bit mean . We enjoyed a couple of beers in the bar, the staff once again very good, the place has a nice atmosphere.We will be staying at this hotel again it was excellent but I recommend you pick up a big bottle of water on your way there!	
Mar 3 2009 	Great hotel great airport location	Had a lightening visit to this hotel - late night arrival, early morning departure - but my impressions were very positive. I usually stay at the Festival City Intercontinental but that was hideously overpriced for this trip, and if in the same situation I'd stay here again. Things that made the trip good: the friendly welcome, the offer of a late checkout (3pm) without prompting when he knew the time of my onward flight, the surprisingly plush rooms, the incredibly convenient location for DXB Terminal 1 and 3. They're just on the other side of the road, and you could walk there if you have hand luggage only: turn left out of the hotel, walk towards the mosque, and there's an underpass that leads into the T1 car park. It'll save you the 20D taxi fare, although it's no quicker in normal circumstances. So, from that brief experience, I'd recommend this hotel and would come back again.	
Mar 2 2009 	Absolutely outstanding!	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for 15 days. My room on the first floor was of a decent size, as was the bathroom although the shower had a rather small head and was not adjustable, something that was very out of line with the high standard of the rest of the hotel. A small matter though. The lighting in the room could also have been better.But what makes this hotel is the service. I have stayed in countless hotels over the last 30 years, and I have to say that this hotel comes at the top for politeness, friendliness and efficiency. The breakfast manager at Choices, Ayub, was especially helpful in a couple of ways, and the service there was always faultless.I have eaten at the Blue Elephant Thai restaurant on a previous occasion, and found it to have the best Thai food I have ever tasted - and I live in Thailand! The hotel bar is small but cosy, but it does get smoky. As an alternative I drank one evening at the Japanese restaurant instead where I encountered the usual high standards.The location is perfect for the airport, which is just minutes away, and the City Centre shopping centre is also nearby. However, the main 'sights' of Dubai are some distance away, and given the horrendous traffic you should choose a different hotel if you want the historic downtown or the beaches.	
Jan 23 2009 	Very luxurious hotel great pool fitness centre and extremely friendly staff	Top Luxury, superbe rooms, pool, fitness centre. Service always helpful, polite and available. Highly recommendable	
Nov 13 2008 	Nice Bustan Rotana	I have booked this hotel for my seniors. They have returned from a few moths ago. The hotel is magnificent and they have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag thereselves away from the hotel to go to the theme parks at all. In fact they didn't bother with Disney , having been before and just did a few trips to Universal.	
Oct 29 2008 	Al Bustan is great .	Really enjoyed our stay at the Al Bustan.Service was brilliant. Had a club Rotana room which was worth the extra expense.Had best steak I have ever had there and the Blue Elephant is a brilliant restaurant which people travel too. Would stay there again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Brilliant As Usual	Having stayed at the Al Bustan Rotana several times previously we booked our stay direct with the hotel. On arrival, we had a quick and efficient check in. As we arrived just after 8am, our room wasn't quite ready. We went in for breakfast and the housekeeping staff did us proud as the room was ready when we came out of the restaurant.When we stayed at the hotel last year, it was undergoing a huge refurbishment programme and we were looking forward to seeing how things had gone. The reception area has been transformed. It is very light and airy. We were glad to see that the Gazebo lobby cafe was still there. If you are watching your waistline choose a seat away from the cake and pastry display counter - they are very tempting. We could hardly believe the change in what used to be called the Fontana restaurant. It is now called Choices and it seems so much bigger than it used to be. There is a central island where the hot buffet dishes are displayed. At breakfast the chefs cook your eggs and anything you might want grilling. The bread and pastries are displayed at the top end of the island and cereals and fruit, yoghurts and juices at the other. Should you be so inclined, there is even a choice of sushi at breakfast. Choices is also the scene for the &quot;themed&quot; buffetsin the evenings. There is a seafood night, curry night, Mexican and Chinese. On other nights there is an international buffet. We also had some lovely meals in other restaurants in the hotel. The Blue Elephant Thai restaurant is superb. We also had a fun evening in the Benihana which is an American-Japanese Teppanyaki restaurant. Watch our for the flying salt and pepper shakers! Our room was on the first floor and was one giving direct access to the pool deck. We had a twin-bedded (queen size beds) room. The room was spacious and there was plenty of drawer and wardrobe space. There is an in-room safe, mini bar and beverage tray Housekeeping are on hand if you need anything. We made full use of the laundry service.After unpacking some essentials we went out to the pool and my husband was greeted by name by one of the lifeguards who even asked if we wanted to be in our &quot;usual place&quot;. How they can remember these details I have no idea but it is very impressive. Staff come around the pool with frozen towels a couple of times a day and fruit kebabs. There is a good drinks and light snacks menu available at the Aquarius pool bar and staff are very attentive and efficient.We had our laptop with us and noted that internet usage is now charged to the room. It was still cheaper for us to use our laptop and pay the usage fee than go to the business centre and use theirs. We did take the hotel limo down to the marina for a meeting. It cost us just under 100 Dhs. It would have been a little cheaper to take an ordinary taxi but for a difference of the equivalent of £3.00 it didn't really seem worth it and we arrived in style.The hotel and staff more than lived up to our expectations and we look forward to our next stay.	
May 7 2008 	A very Luxury Hotel	Al Bustan Rotana Hotel one of the first rotana hotels in Dubai....has undergone recent renovation and refurbishments.The hotel is one of the very best hotels in Dubai,enjoying a prime location close to the aiport (no noise at all),and the city center.Rooms are set at a very high standard,Big size and comfortable beds,extraordinary clean sheets and towels.Housekkeping is the best which i've seen.Everyone in the hotel is smiling and wants to ensure that you are having a great time.The bathroom is extremely clean and all amenities are available.Lots of dining options to enjoy (Choices -all day dining,Come Prima-Italian,Rodeo Grill-Steak House,Mawal-Lebanese with live entertainment and belly dancing,Blue Elephant-Voted as the best thai restauarant in town and Beninhana-Sushi,seafood and steaks.Lobby is very spacious and comfortable with a pianist playing great tunes every night in the GAZEBO lounge and cafe.Swimming pool is located in the first floor-quite small but very peacful,SPA and GYM are good too with state of the art equipments.All in all,,,,if you want a city hotel close to the airport and to the major city spots this is the right place to enjoy and relax.I strongly recommend this hotel for the buisness and leisure traveller.	
Apr 27 2008 	A Secret Gem	Normally I stay at Le Meridien at Dubai Airport because of the excellent service and numerous good restaurants. However, it has becomed heavily booked and expensive, so I have discovered one of the best alternatives possible, The Al Bustan Rotana. This hotel is adjacent to the Meridien Village with all its restauants. Service is good, and the rooms are quite spacious and clean. Give it a try!	
Apr 8 2008 	Best Kept Secret in Dubai	I am happy to write this review to provide an update to Trip Adivsor as well as contribute some new photos since the hotel has been remodeled.If you are looking for an outstanding hotel where you will find enjoyable restaurants, fantastic customer service, comfortable rooms and a memorable experience you will want to stay at the Al Bustan Rotana Hotel. The location is perfect for the business traveler as well as those of you who may want all that Dubai has to offer and don’t want to take a loan to enjoy yourself.I have stayed at the Al Bustan three times this year, January and twice in April. The service is consistently the same – outstanding. The staff is eager to serve the clients and make each and every person feel as if they are the only guest in the hotel. There are eight places to dine at the Al Bustan. We time our business to include a Thursday so we can enjoy the Thai buffet at the famous Blue Elephant restaurant. There is always more than enough choices on the buffet which includes select beverages (alcoholic and non alcoholic) but you will not waste your time on drink with this generous buffet. We have enjoyed steaks and fillets at the Rodeo Grille and heavenly breakfasts at the Choices restaurant buffet. There is a Benihana Japanese Steak House, Mawal Lebanese restaurant, Come Prima Italian restaurant as well as the poolside Aquarius Snack Bar. In the Main Atrium Lobby is the Gazebo Lounge complete with a two story Gazebo with baby grand piano that wafts melodies every afternoon from a trained concert pianist. This is a great place to relax or do business. There are semi private areas for meetings or just gathering for tea or drinks.The rooms are spacious and comfortable with mini bars and flat panel TV. One would not be disappointed. There is a fitness centre with the latest in Nautilus equipment and is very clean and spacious. There are also tennis and squash courts available.If you seek a lengthy stay in Dubai and want the beach then choose a beach resort but if you don’t need that environment and don’t mind a taxi ride everything is moments away. I have booked a three night stay for non business and in April as well for my wife and I to kick off a month long 25th anniversary celebration I like this hotel that much. I have read every review of every hotel in Dubai and have stayed in three others. Decide what is important to you, the Al Bustan covers details.See you there.	
Mar 10 2008	Great layover	I needed a room for a respite during an 18-hour layover in Dubai. I wanted peace and quiet, but also close to the airport. I was unfamiliar with this hotel. I found it by a web search for hotels near Dubai airport. The deciding factor was its relatively good rate for my short stay. So I took a chance on it. On arrival at the hotel early in the morning (way before normal check-in time) and bone tired after an all-night flight, I was greeted warmly and shown every consideration. I asked for a quiet, dark room. And that is exactly what I got. And even though I was checking in many hours before the normal time, there was no delay or reluctance in showing me to my room straight away. The room itself was everything I needed and so dark with the curtains closed that I could not see without turning on a light. After a refreshing morning nap I had a fine lunch at the in-house Italian restaurant. The service was great as was the food. I went back to the room for another undisturbed though shorter nap after lunch. Later in the afternoon, on the consierge's advice and via the hotel shuttle, I visited some shops and restaurants on nearby Dubai Creek. It was a beautiful day and wonderful walkng outside in the sun. I had a light supper and returned to the hotel to get ready for my flight that evening. All in all, this was a very pleasant experience and, importantly, a restful one. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Feb 27 2008 	Extremely good value	This is an excellent option for your Dubai stopover or business trip. The hotel is located very close to the airport - you could see the tarmac and terminal from our room - but there was no aircraft noise.We booked a Club Rotana room which gave us access to the lounge, internet, overseas and local mags and newspapers, an excellent supper including complimetary alcohol - woo hoo.The staff were all very friendly, and the concierge gave me a great tip - if going to Deira City Centre Shopping Mall, catch the free bus back to the hotel, as the taxi queue is ridiculous (several hundred people!!). Great tip as it got me back to my hotel in time for late checkout and flight.I cannot comment on the restaurants as we used the lounge for both breakfast and dinner. Nor can I comment on the recreational facilities - too busy being out and about.The room was very large with big windows and was well equipped. The bathroom was a little daggy, but just a bit too much gold for my taste??The hotel offered great location for the airport and Deira - as traffic is such a nightmare - and is excellent value for money. I only have good things to say about our stay.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great service and lovely staff	The Al Bustan Rotana Hotel was a gorgeous, clean hotel with an incredible breakfast buffet on offer every day. The staff were extremely helpful and assisted in the booking of trips.The rooms were clean and well maintained throughout our stay. Service by the pool was second to none with cold towels and face spritzers on offer for free.My sister and I thoroughly enjoyed our time here and would def stay again.	
Dec 20 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel to stay in. It has been recently refurbished and so everything is brand new and very modern. its simply an amazing stay and also its less than 5 min,. away from the airport. and its right in the middle of dubai!My only compaint is that like all other Rotana hotels the internet is Extremely expensive and therefore makes it really hard to even check your email.	
Dec 20 2007 	Excellent Location and Service	Having read numerous reviews I was very worried about my visit to this hotel, thankfully I had nothing to be concerned about.The location near to the airport is great. The hotel runs a shuttle bus several times a dy to the local shopping mall which has loads of shops and eating places. There is also a shuttle to a sister hotel with a beach club about 30 - 45 mins drive away. The best places we found to eat were at the Wafi Centre which has a specific bit called the pyramids that has several restaurants in it. If you do the big bus tour then you can get a discount card which gives you approx 20% off your food bill.The taxi from the hotel to wafi is only about £3 so definitely worth going.Staff at the hotel were very friendly and even had a birthday cake delivered to our room for my husbands birthday.Overall I would recommend this hotel and Dubai.	
Dec 18 2007	Outstanding Service and Food!	I do not tolerate mediocre hotels.Because I am in a service profession, when I get away, I expect to be well cared for. The Al Bustan Rotana staff exceeded my expectations. We were picked up in their private Audi at the airport and greeted by name upon arrival at the hotel. We were then taken past the registration desk directly to the concierge floor, where we were given food and drink and the registration process was completed. The room was spacious and elegantly decorated.There was a fruit and date tray on a side table. The bath had high end L'Occidental toiletries that were replenished daily. Housekeeping checked on the room twice daily, in the morning and again for turn down service. I was greeted by name every day. Breakfast could be eaten on the floor or one could go to the Blue Elephant restaurant buffet. I can't recommend the Blue Elephant buffet more highly! It had the best assortment of foods I have ever seen. The restaurant has a koi pond as its focal point and it was very relaxing watching the fish. High afternoon tea began around 3pm, and the cocktail hour with very heavy hors d'oeuvres around 5. We were so full we never had to go out to dinner so it was well worth being on the concierge floor. This hotel is located 5 minutes from the airport and with so much construction going on in Dubai, one can't simply go exploring because of the traffic and lack of sidewalks but the hotel also had a free shuttle to a City Centre mall, from which one could take the Big Bus Tour. I could find no fault at all with the hotel, services, staff, or food and recommend it unconditionally!	
Dec 4 2007 	Great location for airport	Hotel pickup not at the airport but then we were 2 hours later than scheduled.I too was very worried about staying here after reading previous reviews but was working at the airport and so needed somewhere close. I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival that the renovation work seemed to have been all but completed.We were given a 2 queen bed room opening onto the pool terrace which was great.It is fair to say that this is primarily a business visit type hotel but we spent 15 nights with a 4 year old quite happily, the beach etc is only a couple of quid taxi ride away.Use public taxis, not the hotel limos as they cost twice as much.Pool was nice and poolside snackbar was good.Can of Pepsi was 12 Dhs, bearing in mind they are 0.9 Dhs in the supermarket that is like a UK hotel charging over £6.For a short stopover great, for an expenses paid business trip/holiday great, if I was paying myself I would have stayed at the Hyatt just across the creek, it was fab. The Al Bustan Rotana is Not a dream Dubai holiday hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	Nearly There!	After reading the stories re the renovation I have to admit I was worried about staying at the hotel.First the moans!I actually stayed twice in the same week. The first was for one night in transit to Oman. I requested on my return three days later a non-smoking room, which they promised and was not available. My booking was on the excutive floor and the only non-smoking room left was on the second which I took. I was offered a non-smoking room on floors 3 and 4 later but decided to stay. To be fair the room appeared to be the same.One other small point was that my toileteries were not replenished unless I asked. The room staff on my floor left a lot be desired as I also found that with the exception of the bathroom the room had not been cleaned on at least two days and no forms had been left for the laundry.Finally we reserved a non-smoking table in the Blue Elephant only to be given a table which they claimed to be non-smoking but surrounded on three sides by smoking tables, the fourth side was the bridge across the water feature. We requested to move and they did this once a table was availableHowever this was the exception. The staff in general are outstanding. The renovated rooms are well furnished and in the case of mine, very, very quite, hence the refusal to move.The food in the Blue Elephant is excellent overall and you must try the Thai buffet. Superb.	
Nov 15 2007 	Absolute Class	My husband and I have just returned from a 3 night stay in this hotel and it was absolute bliss. Everything about this hotel was 5* luxury and the service was like nothing I have experienced before - even in the same grade of hotel. Our room was gorgeously decorated and immaculately clean with the facilities of the room continually refreshed (towels, mini bar) etc. Tuck down service in the evening, which included one night a freshly cut rose on my pillow with a &quot;pillow talk&quot; note! The restaurants in the hotel too were excellent with a great variation between them all. The spa facility in the hotel was fantastic, really nice pool with outside jacuzzi and steam and sauna in the changing rooms - all of which again were immaculate with impeccable service from the snack bar around the poolside. The location of the hotel too is fantastic as just next to the airport - but undisturbed by planes (strangely!) This hotel may be slightly smaller than the others in Dubai but I think this adds to the great service received from the staff. Dubai on the whole is a great place - if a tad expensive - Jumeriah beach is a must though as the hotels along this stretch are out of this world with stunning views and cocktails! All in all I highly recommend this hotel and will most certainly be staying in this hotel again if and when we venture back to Dubai.	
Oct 4 2007 	BEWARE of Renovations	October 4, 2007: Beware: the main lobby is under major renovation and the noise level penetrates throughout the property via the open lobby. Even my room, as far away from the lobby as it is, is not outside the reach of this noise. Some elevators are closed and are being renovated thus creating additional noise on various floors.The noise aside, the pool is closed, so recreation facilities are also disrupted. A simple notification outside the recreation area is all that exists to let patrons know this fact.I am frustrated the hotel has not done more to communicate the ‘disaster’ and ‘chaos’ that currently exists at the property so guests may make a decision as to visit the property or not based on accurate information. The only reference on the hotel’s website (today) is the following:As part of the minor renovation work taking place at the Al Bustan Rotana Hotel, Fontana restaurant is currently closed and will be reopening on the 22nd of September 2007.From what I read, I would have assumed that the renovations were: (1) minor, (2) only affecting one restaurant (Fontana) and (3) completed (date listed as September). This is extremely misleading to clients. I would expect more from the Rotana name.	
Sep 17 2007	Surreal experience	I had such a bad stay at this hotel and I'm glad to see that it is being refurbished. However, the poor treatment of guests is continuing and it STILL sounds like one to AVOID.We arrived having booked a room on the &quot;best available&quot; basis. It was only one night but we travel to Dubai a fair bit.Arrived and were given a Club room. The room was awful. someone had fouled it previously and the smells and some suspicious stains were left behind. Totally revolting.We were then given another room. Not a Club but just a standard room although we were assured that access to the Club lounge would be given. Arrived in the room and found several items not working. That's OK at least it wasn't fouled. Just one night etc....Then the loud music started from next door. I banged on the door but no ansa. I range the front desk and they promised to send someone. The Arabic &quot;disco&quot; continued. Other guests came out of their rooms to investigate - it was so loud.Eventually I heard a noise at the door. A new Guest had arrived (next door) and been met by the same loud disco music. He had no idea what it was. Deafening. Eventually a staff member arrived and managed to switch it off.Their system for &quot;greeting&quot; new guests was to send a signal to the TV in the room to play a message and music. This had malfunctioned and resulted in the&quot; disco&quot;. The new guest had a meal before coming up to his room so It had played on until he got there.The front desk weren't particuarly interested or sympathetic. I wasn't at all surprised to find the next morning that we were denied access to the Club Lounge.This is not the typical standard of hospitality and service in Dubai and luckily there are plenty of other hotels to stay at.	
Sep 14 2007 	Good Hotel with Nice Staff	It was my second stay at Bustan Rotana Dubai. Hotel is under going renovation and paint smell is everywhere but i knew before hand about renovation. Upon check-in i was given a newly renovated room at first floor. Room had unbearable paint smell. While going for a dinner i registered a complain with Customer Relation Desk and by the time i came back they did some majic ,paint smell was completely gone. Apparently they sprayed lot of freshners :) Hotel location is great, very near to the airport and great for business traveler. Services are first class. I was given Free Airport Pickup which was nice of them. Hotel has some nice Restuarents. But Lobby coffee shop is closed because of renovation. Which was only a minus point. Overall i had good experience. I will stay here again. Shakeel Kuwait City	
Aug 20 2007 	NOTHING would make me stay here ever again	I decided to spend one night here with my two young children at the end of my ten day holiday. The hotel I had been staying with was a two hour drive from the airport, so I wanted to be closer for my 9:00am flight. I would rather do a ten hour drive starting at 4:00am than ever put myself through the experience of this hotel again.I had booked a room on the 'executive floor' (all that was available). I had requested a non smoking room far away from the lift - I got a smoking room RIGHT next door to the lift. The room was small, the bathroom musty and old fashioned, and the smell of smoke was disgusting.From there it went from bad to worse - there was nothing child friendly about the hotel - from the inedible meal ( taken in the room in the end, as they were unable to understand the fact that I wanted a child's meal in the executive lounge) they served my children to the unhelpful swimming pool staff. The only redeming factor was the concierge who went out to buy a pacifier (dummy) for my baby when hers was lost.I was only going to be there for one night, so I really didnt care -all I wanted was a good night sleep before my flight the next morning. What a joke - the noise of the lift was constant and loud - groups of people going up and down at all times throughout the night, and the pianist in the lobby could be heard loud and clear in our room.By 3:00am the baby, my four year old and I were all in tears of tiredness and frustration. Leaving was the best paret of the experienceI will never stay here again	
Aug 2 2007 	Rubbish Hotel	I stayed at the Al bustan hotel in July. Worst experience of my life.Hotel reburbishment was being carried out - spent alot of money aand was a waste. Had a room on the 4th floor and the room sounded like an aeroplane was setting off. The cooler/chilling system was on and loud. Could not sleep at all. Changed rooms 3 times in my stay. There was a real strong smellof paint and dust everywhere. The management was a waste of time and very thick. This hotel is pure rubbish. The service was lame and the staff had an attitude problem.I highly recommend another hotel.	
Aug 2 2007 	Very disappointed.	This was our 4th trip to Dubai and by far our most disappointing. We have just returned from a five night stay at this hotel. We arrived at 2 am after a long haul flight to be told our room had been upgraded. Great we thought...until the following morning at 8.15am when we were wakened by the sound of hammering, drilling and sawing. Our 'upgraded' room was next to and below rooms which were being decorated. We were aware that some work was going on but the hotel informed us via email prior to our arrival that it would not be noticeable and would take place between 9 and 6. At 6.40pm that evening work was still going on. We phoned reception but they were rather rude and could not see why we were upset. Unfortunately we had paid for our stay upfront otherwise we would have left immediately. The hotel itself was dusty and the paint fumes were so overpowering at times that we suffered from headaches. This continued for the remainder of our stay.However we decided to make the most of our stay in the hotel. The restaurants (well the ones that were open) were lovely and the service in these was excellent, especially in the Blue Elephant. The pool was good and was a welcome relief from the heat. There was plenty of loungers and it was quiet. We had to use the internet to confirm our flights and were charged 15 dhs (£2) for 15 minutes. I felt this was excessive and given the inconviences at the hotel I felt exceptions could have been made here. This hotel is located near to the airport so is great if you're only on a short stopover. Meridian Village is next door and has some lovely wee restaurants. Dierra Mall is also relatively close and has good shops and fast food places. Sheikh Zayed Road is a 20Dhs taxi ride away and gives some more options for food etc.The beach is not very close but taxis are cheap if you want to go for the day.The room itself was nice. We were in a refurbished room and it was a good size, although storage could be better. The bathroom had a bath and a separate shower which was good, although the shower appeared to have only two temperature settings - boiling hot and scalding. The bed was comfy and the pillows nice and fluffy. Water and toiletries were not always replenished and on several occasions we had to request our complimentary water.The hotel is close to the airport which was lucky for us. On the morning we were leaving (5am) the computers were down and the reception had to go through everything by hand - very time consuming but these things happen. We then asked about a taxi (the hotel have their own) but were told there were none at this time but if we walked out to the road we would get one. I thought I had misheard but they further explained that we had to turn left because the taxis would not stop on the freeway. Perhaps we were meant to book one but surely in a 5star hotel it wouldn't have been too much hassle to phone one? So we dragged our cases into the street and walked for about five minutes.This hotel will look nice when the refurbishment is complete, however the poor service we received means that we will never return.	
Jul 26 2007 	convenience and service	We researched the internet re accom in Dubai .Because we arrived early and departed early we decided on hotels close to the airport .Al Bustan Rotana our final choice .Our travel agent then did the booking for us .Arriving in Dubai after a 15 hour flight at 6am , we were aware our room would not be available until 10 am . Arriving at reception we were offered all the assistance you could wish for .Within 40 min we had a room with an upgrade available , what a relief , no sitting for hours .The hotel was very popular with business travellers , but at no time in our casual tourist attire were we not given the service you would expect as a regular business traveller .The free City Shuttle Bus calls min every hour and drops youat city central , where any transport req to explore Dubai is available . The Big Bus Tours as allways are agreat way of discovering what a city has to offer , from the hotels to the shopping .The location is perfect especially when you have 6am departures 5 min to airport .We witnessed no airport noise at the hotel which was a concern when considering this hotel .The restaurants and bars offered enough variety that we did not have to venture out for evening dinner .Our room offered all facilities we required . As I did not travel with my lap top they also provided access to the internet in the club lounge for emails and forward bookings .When we visit Dubai again we certainly will be using this hotel .GOOD VALUE , LOCATION AND SERVICE .We were more than happy to fill out there customer survey on our return to home after what we experieced during our stay .	
Jun 20 2007 	Hotel Refurbishment	This was our third stay at the Al Bustan Rotana and unfortunately it was a bit disappointing.The hotel is undergoing a refurbishment programme which started on 5 May - we visited from 3-17 June. This is a five star hotel and we paid five star prices. We were not advised by Expedia that the hotel was being refurbished. If we did know, we would have changed hotels. We discovered upon arrival that the whole of the hotel is undergoing a refurbishment programme and the first floor (the pool access rooms) were almost due for completion. We arrived to ripped up carpets, the strong smell of paint, banging, hammering, and workmen everywhere. The work is being done from 9am to 6pm - so we never had a long lie in. We always upgrade our room to a pool access room upon arrival but we ended up on the 4th floor. We actually had to change our rooms because we were right next door to the cooling/chiller system and our room sounded like a fridge!Having said all that the staff are fantastic, the food is pretty amazing and although this was a very expensive holiday for us, and the hotel was disappointing, we cannot fault the staff there.Be warned also, it has been 8 months since we visited Dubai and the roads in the city are 100% worse, the congestion is caotic and quite scary when sitting in the back of a taxi and the cars are changing lanes like there is no tomorrow!If you are booked to stay at this hotel, if it was me, I would consider a change.	
May 27 2007 	1st Class Service	I could not fault this hotel, it was absolutley spotless and the all the staff were extremely friendly and professional. Whilst we were staying they were carrying out reburfishements in the hotel, however we would not have known, as there were no disruptions. You even have slippers and a dressing gown provided!The breakfast is amazing, you could just stay in there all day and eat! I would strongly recommend you try the Blue Elephant Restaurant, which serves Thai Food. I was told to go there by a friend, who did not realise it was in the hotel we were staying in. TIP: Book for a saturday night - 139 DH a head (which is about £20 a head) as it is a buffet night, and all your drink is included. This is honestly by far the best Thai I have ever eaten.My husband and I have been to Dubia before (6 years ago), and it has certainly changed dramatically, many many new buildings and such a lot more traffic on the roads. There is something exciting about Dubai, the mix of old and new with lots to do, you will never be bored.Both times we have gone on the sundowner trip. You go out with a driver in a 4 wheel drive (with a convoy) into the desert, and have a barbeque at the camp. They also have belly dancers and you can have a henna tattoo! If you want jewellery, especially diamonds this is the place to go. The spice and gould souks are magical, and take a trip across the creek, for about 15p! We went to the Berj for aftrenoon tea, we did it as part of a combined trip which was £60 a head, the rest of the trip was a bit of a waste, driving round the palm, and being shown various show apartments. I would personally book the cream tea at the Berj directly ( I think that it is about £35 a head), you need to book in advance though.I love Dubai, the only thing I didn't like was the way the taxi drivers all drive, so close to each other, they seem to drive on their brakes! But they are very cheap, take the cream and red taxis, not the limousine type as they are more expensive.The hotel is extremely close to the airport.	
Apr 29 2007 	A Great City Hotel	I stayed here in 2006 on business and was quite happy so I came back this year myself.Check in wasn’t great as they didn’t have my reservation. After 40 minutes of hassle we discovered my first and surname had been inverted and they found it.Strangely I paid more this time for a club room but had a worse view so I spent the week looking at a car park.It is very close to the airport which is a bonus, the aeroplanes don’t bother you it is more the helicopters to Jumeria, but neither will interrupt your stay.Really lovely pool, great service.Generally good service. The club lounge has a decent breakfast, wide range of magazines and newspapers, complimentary internet access, a good afternoon tea and then 2 hours of complimentary drinks and canapés in the evening. Definitely worth the extra just make sure you ask for a room with a view, even if it is only of the pool.There is only a small gift shop actually in the hotel but you are minutes away from City Centre Shopping which is such good value with shops, restaurants and everything you could want in Carrefour supermarket. Make sure you note the difference between the regular taxis and hotel cars both available right outside the lobby.The best tip is the Fontana buffet restaurant. Different theme nights, drinks included and a 20% discount if you eat early. The Blue Elephant Thai is also very good. I found Coma Prima Italian to be a bit too formalEnjoy	
Apr 10 2007 	Very good standard	The hotel has a very good standard with well trained employees. The rooms are spacious, clean and well maintained. The management cleary shows that it has a strong commitment to service and they want their customers to be happy. The pool area is nice and the many restaurants offer good food and service. The Meridien Viilage around the corner has even more choices of bars and restaurants, the area is nice and also frequented by Rotana guests.Their are certainly some hotels which are even better than Al Bustan, but the hotel is among the better ones in Dubai. The distance too the airport is very short, but you are not disturbed by any noise of planes etc.Hotel is recommended for business and leisure. Mall of the Emirates is app. 30 min driving time and costs around 50 dirham, but depends on the traffic. Hotel has shuttle to the beach and Deira City Shopping Centre which I, however, did not use.	
Mar 5 2007	Great service	This hotel gave the best service we experienced in our entire one month holiday of Dubai and Oman. We stayed in a standard room which was lovely and good value. I would definitely stay here again if we needed a hotel near the airport.	
Feb 19 2007	Simply The Best	7 nights stay 1-7 February 2007. When i was told about this hotel i was a bit wary - being near the airport really concerned me but i was advised that it was good and that once people had been they rebooked again &amp; again. Know what? Its true! It was less than 10 mins from the airport but the only time we heard a plane was when we were by the pool but then just for a few seconds! This 5 Star Hotel was fabulous! The rooms were spacious, the reception/seating areas fresh and appealing, the pool was slightly heated, ice creams on sticks were served poolside at 11.30 and fruit satays in the afternoon! The restaurants (of which there were 5) were fabulous and the staff were so friendly and attentive - even the waiting staff who seemed to work every shift imaginable - could not have been nicer. There was so much choice at breakfast it set us up for the day and each evening one of the restaurants was themed and buffet style meals served &amp; again the choice was amazing - towards the end of the holiday i couldn't face a the choice of dessert and no-one will believe me! Taxis were required if you wanted to go anywhere but were available from the hotel - either regular taxi's or slightly posher limo style cars depending on where you were going. £8 (20 minute ride) to Mall of the Emirates - cheaper than anywhere i know! The Big Bus Tour is impossible to do in 1 day if you want to explore each stop off point so beware! Having seen the building work going on there is absolutely NO WAY i would take a beach or town based hotel - who wants to sit and sunbathe in all that noise and dust! The Al Bustan Rotana is at the southern end of the town - peaceful yet within easy reach of all amenities. Cannot recommend highly enough - the best i have ever been in and believe me i have stayed in countless hotels! I'm going to book again for the autumn!	
Feb 12 2007	Ok hotel	Stayed at the Al bustan for three nights beginning of Feb. Hotel is very near to the airport, however the traffic in Dubai is terrible which makes getting around a nightmare. Hotel is ok but seems to lack character. Room was very bland and a bit dated looking. Breakfast was good. Drinks in the hotel very expensive, look for food offers on in the hotel restaurants as they offer different deals, we ate at the italian restaurant and the cost of the meal included unlimited wine, which was quite good value. Hotel reception staff were very good, arrived at hotel at 6am and they got a room ready for us in less than two hours which they didnt have to do as the check in was 2pm. Not impressed with Dubai, apparantly two thirds of the worlds cranes are there which I can beleive as its one mammouth construction site. Took a desert jeep safari which was good.	
Jan 1 2007 	Good hotel nice relaxed atmosphere.	Stayed here Dec. 2006, everything was spot on. We had a 2nd. floor room overlooking the main entrance, absolutely no problems with noise from roads or the hotel even though a large wedding took place while we were there. Breakfast was in a large airy restaurant with a good selection including the mandatory fry up. Our room was exceptional, spotless with a lovely bathroom and a good seating area.All the staff could not have treated us better and were never obtrusive.We used the Come Prima restaurant once and had an excellent Italian meal with drinks, which by hotel standards was fairly reasonable at £24.There were restaurants behind the hotel in Meridian Village we didn't try them but when we walked round they looked quite popular.As usual in Dubai unless you pay an arm and a leg for an hotel you will need taxi's to get about.Our overall impression of the hotel was excellent value for money and really relaxed atmosphere.	
Dec 8 2006 	Good Hotel	Stayed here for three nights on the way back from Singapore. Arrived at 7am and although we had to wait a while we were upgraded to a club room and in residence by 9 am - pretty good we thought.Location is great for the airport but not so good for downtown Dubai. Since there is little or no public transport you have to use taxis to get anywhere although there is a free shuttle to the Deira City Centre Mall. A possibility we found about too late is to get the shuttle to the Mall and then use the Big Tour open top buses which call at the front entrance of the Mall.The hotel itself is very good and the staff are very friendly and efficient. The rooms are large and comfortable with nice bathrooms although it was a bit strange to have only one bath robe. A minor (but very important point) is that the rooms have a an electric kettle and all the electrical sockets are standard British 13 amp outlets. A &quot;must do&quot; whilst visiting Dubai is the Desert Safari. You can book a trip at the hotel or look in the local advertising for alternative companies. If we'd bothered to shop around we could have saved 33%.Would we stay here again ? It would really depend on prices, if we could get a similar class hotel for the same price down on the creek we would probably do that. If not then we would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 12 2006	Great Dubai Hotel!	I had an enjoyable 2-night stay in November, 2006 at the Al Bustan. The hotel is adjacent to the airport, and does have some problem with road and airport noise from rooms that face the main road. I mentioned this at checkout, but did not get a response. Room quality and cleanliness were above average. Hotel lobby is very nice and well-managed. Health club facilities are average for hotels in the region. I did not get a chance to eat at any of the hotel restaurants, but did enjoy some the the restuarants at the adjacent Meridien. Recommended accomodation, especially for business travelers.	
Nov 2 2006	Be VERY careful using the free Internet	One of the nicest hotels that I have stayed at. Staff were excellent, room spotless. If you are fortunate enough to have a room on the third floor you get extras including free breakfast, free afternoon teas and a free cocktail &quot;hour&quot; (6:30 to 8:30) with some very tasty canapes.One word of warning - Be very careful using the free internet terminals as they are infected with spyware and very insecure. I brought the matter to the attention of reception at the special check-in desk for 3rd floor guests but failed to get them to understand the seriousness of the situation. A brief inspection revealed that programs have been installed to record everything that you type and keep it for later inspection. Any passwords or log-in details used on these machines will be public knowledge in a very short space of time !For the technical amongst you The FTP, HTTP and Telnet ports were wide open and &quot;keylogger.exe&quot; installed.	
Sep 29 2006 	Oasis in Dubai	What a lovely hotel - we stayed for three nights and just can't fault anything about it. The staff were just unbelievable so attentive and anything we asked for instantly appeared. The little touches like the fresh flower and 'sleepy' quote on our pillow each night just made this a lovely place to day. Not to mention that when you need to leave the airport is two minutes away. Would definitely go back here.	
Sep 20 2006 	Loved every minute!	We stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 nights in July 06, and we really did love every minute, despite the incredible heat and humidity! The hotel is very smart with a beautiful foyer area and incredibly helpful staff.At first, we stayed in an upgraded 'club' room on the 3rd floor, which was very nicely decorated, and gave us access to a few extra hotel facilities - a seperate breakfast area, lounge and internet area - not much, really! (See pic of room 374). However the view was non-existent - overlooking the hotel entrance, with no balcony, so we relocated to a poolside room. (See pic of room 115) This was decorated in a more basic style, and we lost the access to the club facilities, but there were 2 large beds instead of one, and you can walk out of your room onto your own little patio area with a table and chairs, with the very nice pool area and jaccuzzi just a few steps away - I loved it! However, there are only a few of these poolside rooms, they do cost more than standard rooms, and in high season when the pool is very busy, it might be a bit rowdy.All throughout our stay, the hotel staff were fantastic. The ladies at the service desk could not have been more helpful with our change of room, and everyone went out of their way to make us feel really well looked after. When I asked for a candle for the table on our little patio, we were brought a glass vase full of floating candles and orchid petals - now that's going the extra mile!The food at the hotel is another plus - the breakfast buffet is excellent - a fantastic choice of foods that cater well for different nationalities, and a chef to cook your eggs as you like them. There are a number of really good restaurants, and the Sunday Brunch is a real experience - you must try it!It's hard to think of down-sides, but like many hotels in Dubai, you can't walk anywhere - you need to get a taxi (or the complimentary shopping centre bus) to get anywhere. Taxis are cheap, but if you ask the hotel doormen to get you a taxi, they'll quickly get you one of their own limo taxis - very nice but quite a bit more expensive. The normal taxis are usually waiting quite near the entrance - you just need to politely refuse the doormen's offers!The only other thing is that we'll never go to Dubai in summer again - the heat is terrible! It was heading for 50 degrees celcius when we were there, and it really limits what you can do. However March was great, and so was October the year before.	
Sep 1 2006 	Star for a Day (or 3)	Just got back from 3 days at the Al Bustan Rotana. What an experience! The place oozes class. Rooms were spacious and cleaned twice daily. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff. The Rodeo grill serves the best steaks you are ever likely to taste. The Fontana restaurant has theme nights with superb choices of food with wine, beer or soft drinks included for very reasonable prices. Leave your napkin on the table every time you get up and have fun watching as the staff continue to refold for when you return to the table. If you are spending a few days in Dubai and want to ensure that you pick a winner, this is it.	
Aug 27 2006 	Value for money 5 star in an expensive city	Dubai is a remarkable place, development is occurring throughout the city. 5 star hotels abound and many will give you fabulous service, usually however, this comes at a price.With the Al Bustan Rotana hotel, you can be assured of good service, comfortable facilities, top-notch restaurants and best of all, excellent value for money.The hotel is a matter of minutes from Dubai International Airport. We had a smooth welcoming and check-in and were allocated a clean, comfortable room on the 4th floor, overlooking the swimming pool, with views further afield to Shaikh Zayed Rd. in the distance.Throughout our three night stay the room was cleaned and serviced well and efficiently.The hotel facilities are good, with an adequate pool, a number of quality restaurants, bars and a nightclub Food and drinks are quite pricey, but by taking advantage of the many special offers in the restaurants a great time can be had at reasonable cost.This hotel is highly recommended if you are looking for quality and comfort, yet not looking to pay the sums of money necessary to stay at some of Dubai's absolute finest and most spectacular hotels.	
Jul 29 2006 	Disappointed	We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and spent five days here after spending five days at Al Qasr.(see separate review for shopping tips)Upon checking in there was no form of any welcome, not even a cold towel, despite them putting V.I.P. status tags on our luggage.We had booked two rooms with pool views but were given street facing rooms. Breakfast was included but they did not seem to know what was going on and kept pushing for us to take the executive option. We were told to wait in the rooms while they prepared the pool facing rooms. Towards the evening my husband called customer relations to enquire about the delay. A few minutes later the lady at reception called to apologise as she had &quot;forgotten about us due to her workload&quot;. Six hours passed before we were shown to the other rooms. Fruit and chocolates were sent to make up .The rooms felt cramped and tired. Carpets smelt dusty and we found service to be inconsistant. Only once during our stay were the rooms well cleaned and refreshed. All the other times you could smell the dust whenever you entered the rooms and the aircons were off. Only once were flowers and a thought card placed on the pillows at turn down. Generous tipping made no difference . Each room was allocated just one bathrobe - there were five of us. Sheets dressed the beds for the duration of the stay - no bed covers.On the positive side, apart from the normal bathroom fare, they also provided mouthwash, dental kit, shaving kit, loofah mitt and in the room a lint brush and suite cover.Breakfast provided a good selection with friendly staff and all the restaurant food was very good. The t.v. snacks that you can order from room service were delicious. The Lebanese restaurant has belly dancing.This hotel is in a good location for shopping as it is close to the souks in comparison with the Jumeirah hotels. They offer a shuttle to Deira City Centre Mall only.When I called for information about particular locations and sites like the museum, they tried to sell me a tour ( the tour operator has their desk in the lobby) for +- Aed 115 per person. We visited the sites for just a few dirhams by taxi. Entrance to the museum is just AED 3.At the end of our five days here we were actually glad to be leaving. This is more a business hotel . We were disappointed with this one...	
Jul 25 2006 	Great Value	After reading lots of reviews we've decided to spend 7 days at the Al Bustan Rotana. Surely the location is a little bit off the city centre (souks, creek, sea), but that hasn't been a problem at all due to the inexpensive taxis that are waiting right in front of the hotel (watch out: there are two different types of taxis, the hotel limos and the metro taxis, make sure tu use the cheaper metro taxis. They are waiting a little bit further away from the main entrance/exit). Romm was great, even though the view was kind of strange (airport, roads), so we kept the curtain closed all the time. No noise at all though. Breakfast was fantastic, and the Guest Relation manager was helpful a couple of times. The giant lobby just invites to hang out over the day for a coffee. Pool and Gym were quite empty during our stay and had good facilities (end of June). Would surely book again, especially since the value for money is by far better than most of the other 5 star hotels within the city that I've seen so far in Dubai.	
Jun 12 2006	Fantastic Hotel	We just returned this morning from a wonderful 7 night stay at this hotel. We chose it from the reviews on here and were not disappointed. The staff cannot do enough to help you - they guys by the pool are great and throughout the day serve complimentary smoothies, fruit and iced face cloths. The rooms are nice enough - clean and air conditioned with bathrobes and slippers provided. There is an evening turn down service where you get left a 'thought of the day' and a flower on your pillow - very quaint!What surprised us was just how close we were to the airport - we spent more time waiting for our transfer than we did in the car. You get the rich and famous flying over in helicopters and a few planes but they didn't bother me. You will need to get a taxi to most places but they are plentiful and cheap from outside the hotel (make sure you ask for a normal taxi or they sometimes try to palm you off in a hotel one which is more expensive). Having said that, we got a free transfer back to the airport in a lovely limo!I would definitely recommend this hotel - it's fantastic value for money, has a great atmosphere and the staff are extremely welcoming and accomodating. I'll be back as soon as I can.	
May 23 2006	Difficult to fault	Stayed at the Al Bustan Rotana after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. We were certainly not disappointed. The hotel is close to the airport - but we didn't experience any problems with noise. There are four restaurants at the hotel. We only tried two of them and both were excellent. Inclusive deals were available at both - about 140 dirhams per person covers all your food and drink. The room was clean and spacious. Service was absolutely superb. I suppose if I had to try and find a fault I would say that the breakfast was a bit pricey unless you're someone who eats a lot at that time of the day. I'd certainly recommend staying here, especially at the moment when there is such a lot of building in progress in the Jumeriah Beach area.	
Apr 20 2006	Fantastic hotel!	This was my second visit to this hotel and the service was as ever fantastic! I orignally choose this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and they were not wrong. The staff are friendly and nothing is too much trouble especially for the pool staff, laying out your towels, moving your umbrella, bring fresh fruit around mid morning and even providing complimentary massages as you sunbathe! As this hotel is more a business hotel than tourist there is always room around the pool and we found the children who are there very well behaved.The bedrooms are slightly out dated but nevertheless very clean and every morning we had fresh fruit and flowers, each night our beds were turned down and a good night prayer left on our pillow!Although this hotel is close to the airport your don't notice it or the noise especially in your room as they are double glazed. The resturants all serve fantastic food especially the Italian, Come Prima, so make sure you make a reservation to avoid being disappointed.This is an ideal hotel for anyone on a short stay as you are close to the city for shopping. I will definately be staying here again on my next trip to Dubai and it certainly deserves it's 5 stars.	
Apr 20 2006	the best ever	me and my parents stayed at the al bustan rotana hotel for the 8th time i love it everyone was friendly it was clean the meals were well priced the pool staff were very very friendly we loved are staythis is a 5 star clearly i would recommend it to anyone	
Apr 1 2006 	Really Great Hotel	A friend and I spent 5 days and 4 nights at this hotel and it is an excellent place to stay. Everything about the hotel is 5-star. The staff is excellent in all areas. Our every wish was taken care of immediately. The hotel is spotless. Even though a conference was being held in the hotel, it was quiet and peaceful and never seemed crowded. It is a smallish feeling big hotel. One thing I did find annoying though is the thin walls between the rooms. I could hear &quot;everything&quot; that was going on in the room next to mine. However, this was a minor point as I was not in the room much. I have stayed at this hotel before and have always enjoyed my stay. This time was no different. I would recommend it to anyone traveling to Dubai.	
Feb 25 2006	lovely hotel	This hotel was lovely rooms really nice,staff friendly especially the pool staff. As soon as you get to the pool area a member of staff is there getting you a towel finding you the sunbed in the position you require,he then lays out your towels and puts your umbrella up nothing is to much trouble for these guys. mid morning they bring round ice cold flannels and fresh fruit skewers,what a treat.we had lunch by the pool it was good value for money.The breakfast is buffet style and it has a good selection with a chef who will cook you omlettes etc.they have a good range of restaurants.we are going back this year.	
Feb 23 2006 	A Beautiful friendly and inviting Hotel	I travelled with my 3 sisters and my sister-in-law for 10 days and had a lovely experience from the minute we all arrived.We where greeted with lovely smiling faces from all the staff and they couldn't have made us feel any more welcome.The hotel is so so clean it's almost perfect.Yes the airport is so near but I can honestly say you only hear some noise when your lying by the pool.Please take advantage of the shuttle bus the hotel puts on to the beach.I have been to many places but the beaches are spectacular.We all had a fantastic day.You can pay for a camel ride on the beach front.What a laugh this is.Ask at the reception for advise on where to visit,there's so much to see and do and all very close by.I couldn't say a bad thing about this hotel or the staff and I am looking forward to returning with my own partner and daughter.P.S. Also for something a little different to do.Ask the reception to call and book a table in the Reinassance Hotel.There's an absolutly wonderful restuarant that caters from meals from all over the world.They offer different deals on meals,so we picked the eat as much as you like and drink as much as you like.The have all the famous brands,even had different bacardi breezers and smirnoff ices.It's a must ,please visit.Round the corner from the Al Bustan Hotel Is the Dubliner pub.That also does fantastic pub lunches/dinners.And full of Celtic Football Club Strips and pictures,don't let this put you off as it's run by a lovley Irish guy who makes you feel very welcome.Well please enjoy and I look forward to reading more reviews once you have all came back from your holiday.Have FUN!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 7 2006	Excellent Hotel	I have just returned from Dubai and enjoyed a fantastic stay at this hotel. The staff &amp; service was second to none. Our every need was catered for nothing was too much trouble.The rooms were very spacious &amp; the room service was excellent &amp; very reasonable.The buffet breakfast was first class. I do not think anyone would be found wanting.Lunch at the poolside was just as good very friendly staff. We had a buffet meal at the Blue Elephant Thai restaurant which was exceptional. The staff were there before you realized you wanted another drink &amp; the food had to be seen to be believed (£20 per head all inclusive).We booked 2 trips through the company at reception 'City Tour' &amp; 'Desert Safari'. We really enjoyed both. We would highly reccommed the Desert Safari.The staff at the front of the hotel were on hand to take you anywhere locally. There is a free bus service to some shopping malls taxis are reasonable.	
Jan 22 2006	Loved our stay at the Al Bustan	Located close to the airport which was handy for a short 2 night stay. The only aircraft noise was sometimes the sound of takeoffs when around the pool and slightly in the early hours of the morning when there must be a lot of takeoffs. Taxis to get around were plentiful as well as cheap by Australian standards. The staff were very helpful going out of their way to make our stay pleasant they even gave us a late checkout as we were leaving in the early hours of the next morning so didn't have to book a extra night just went out shopping as the shops are open late. The room was large and comfortable with excellent facilities with pool gym saunas tennis etc. We were there during Ramadan so the breakfast was extensive enough to last us all day so didn't have to look around for food outlets.	
Jan 11 2006	Sheer Class....	On arrival, we were greated with smiling pleasant faces, and amazing service. We were upgraded to an excutive suite as we were honeymooners too! Members of staff would hand out fresh friut skewers and ice cold flannels when you were sat on the pool side. We are 100% certain that we would return to this hotel.	
Nov 19 2005	Excellent hotel good service and great food.	Have just come back from Dubai. An excellent trip, the place is great.Our hotel was very good. The lobby is really nice and quite spacious with little fountains much to my daughters delight.Our room was very nice and spacious. Bed was really comfortable and room was air conditioned.The pool is nice and the gym excellent. One of the biggest I have seen for a hotel.Now the food was really good. Breakfast had a huge variety. The Blue Elephant was just like Thai food I experience in UK. Decor of restaurant was nice. There was curry night at one of the restaurants which was excellent value for money. £15 for a huge buffet including wine and beer!!!Location was fine for us even though it was near airport.As Sharjah is only a short distance away as were some sight seeing landmarks and malls/hotels. Taxi's are relatively cheap so even travelling long distance was not bad.So that's it really. I would go back to this hotel to stay.	
Oct 24 2005	Quite Ordinary 5 Star and expensive	What annoyed me:Booked a non smoking / twin room - was given a single room in smoking (unable to change);Booked a room on a high floor - was given a room on the ground floor;Ordered breakfast in my room for family - they forgot butter, jam, coffee etc,Used the world's slowest internet in their business service centre and it stalled repeatedly on loading up pages - charged $30 for using 17 minutes - not impressed at all with that!! A taxi driver we used whilst in dubai didn't have the right change - so let us know he would call to the hotel to collect the fare later (the hotel added a $5 service fee to our account for having to hand him an envelope); Generally was not impressed - thought that they had a long way to go before being really 5 star.What I loved about itThey let us check in a couple of hours early and managed to collect us from airportThe pool was OK - but could do with opening later at night - were not allowed in after dark and it was still very hot. They should have added some lights to the pool area and allowed swimming.	
Aug 24 2005	A First Class Hotel		
Aug 13 2005	fantastic hotel		
Aug 11 2005 	This is luxary		
Jun 19 2005	Brilliant Hotel		
Jun 12 2005 	A real pleasant hotel		
May 29 2005	a jem of a hotel		
May 14 2005	top class		
Apr 11 2005	superb!		
Dec 29 2004	Excellent Value for Money		
Nov 6 2004	Fantastic Hotel.		
Aug 31 2009 	Un très bon hotel		
Mar 4 2009	Einfach nur zu empfehlen		
Mar 1 2009 	nous avons adoré!		
Dec 16 2008 	Bello!		
Nov 1 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Oct 26 2007 	Alptraumhotel		
