	Zum relaxen - na ja	Did it not so via the internet with direct bookings ... almost 1 hours needed to find our reservation, but the money was already charged for the room reservation. Even otherwise, the service ran to be desired. Beautiful, however, was the birthday cake in the room.Conclusion: Price - Performance does not correspond to 100%If, however, relatively central location - near clock tower - and for 1 to 2 days, it is okimpertinent: 2 hr internet 10 euros for the whole day and 20 euros in modern times. But there´s right next door to a small restaurant with internet for 3 euros / 2 hours and you cold have as much coffee as you like ;-)	
Oct 30 2009 	Relaxing stay in Metropolitan Palace	Have just returned from a five day trip to Dubai and Metropolitan Palace. The hotel didn't look anything special from the outside, but from the inside it was actually really nice with big sparkly chandeliers and water fountains. Our room was rather spacious and comfy, with a nice sized bathroom as well. I liked the small oriental style shampoo, conditioner and body lotion bottles in the bathroom. Bed was a little bit too firm for my taste, but that was the only thing I could complain about. Staff was always very friendly and helpful, Christine from reception arranged our afternoon tea at the Burj-al-Arab and our transport back to the airport was free of charge because we had to share the hotel car with some other passengers.Dubai is a big and busy city and the location of the hotel is good if you want to stay in the Deira area with its souks and near the airport, it took us less than 10 minutes to get there. Pool at the roof top was always nearly empty and there were lots of free lounge chairs available. Lots of different restaurants to choose from. I would recommend this hotel for a relaxing stay in Dubai.	
Oct 20 2009 	Amazing Hotel	Well what can I say??I was one of them people who actually had doubts about this hotel due to some complains I read before I went there. but can I say something? I actually couldn't find anything to complain about in this hotel!! Amazing Hotel ,Faboulous location, Friendly and professional staff. rooms are quite big, clean and spacious. Pool on the 13th floor did the job...not crowded either..............And if you go here please look for a waiter called Benjamin he normally works by the pool,brillaint worker who helped me with anything i asked for.from purchasing Gold Diamonds to restaurants and tours:)Dubai itself is just amazing!!!! definitely go back sometime:)	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel for Dubai Stopover!! Thoroughly recommend!	Stayed one night on route Auckland to UK - after having terrible experience at the Hilton Jumeriah Beach on the way out.What a difference!!Friendly staff - who couldn't do enough - small but quiet rooftop pool, great hotel restaurants - fab rooms &amp; hotel decor, and very reasonable room rates including breakfast buffet. This hotel is 7 minute taxi from airport and walking distance (2 x blocks behind hotel) to local restaurants, shops &amp; cafes.Having been a Hilton customer for years (not any more though, after this trip) I intend to use this hotel every time I'm in Dubai!	
Sep 20 2009 	Wonderful holiday	We have just returned from a 5 night break at the Metropolitan Palace Hotel and it truly was amazing.We read other reviews and decided to book an Executive Room. Initially it bumped up our holiday price but was well worth it and recommend anyone to do this. The upgrade included a full buffet breakfast served either in the Executive Lounge or the Al Shindagah Restaurant, transfers from and to the airport, complimentary soft drink, tea and coffee and exclusive use of the Executive Lounge with complimentary cocktail hour from 6.30pm to 9.30pm. We were met at the airport and taken to the hotels own airport lounge, where we were served drinks while we waited for our transfer. Check in with quick and courteous. The room was beautiful and was cleaned twice a day, the enormous bed was really comfortable with feather duvets and pillow's, which was changed daily. As were the towels, bath robes. Slippers, fruit basket and bottled water. The mini bar in the room was expensive, however this true of all hotel mini bars.The hotel service was beyond compare. The butler, yes butler on the executive floor called daily to see if our room was cleaned to our satisfaction. During cocktail hour, he served us both hot and cold canapés. On the second night he ran our of Heineken, my husbands preferred drink. He apologised profusely and made sure the bar was fully stocked with Heineken for the following evening. Nothing was too much trouble for any of the hotel staff. We ate in two of the hotels restaurants. The food was fantastic and we thought reasonably priced. Of course you can eat far cheaper outside of the hotel as they are many restaurants in the Deira areas.The rooftop pool was lovely but we didn't buy drinks from the bar we bought the water up from our room and just got glasses of ice. When your around the pool in the day time they bring you iced flannels which was very nice given that it was 40 degrees most days.In the evening after cocktail hour we drank in the Sketch Bar this is the only bar for smokers in the hotel. The hotel staff are all so helpful and nothing is a problem, keeping the customer happy really is their number one priority.An experience not to be missed is the Arabian Evening Safari, which included 4 x 4 dune bashing, quad bikes, camel riding, BBQ at a Bedouin camp and Arabic entertainment. We booked this through the concierge at hotel which cost 250 AED each. The only negative about this is that the hotel charged 10% for booking trips if you paid for the excursion by credit card, so paying by cash is the best option.I would highly recommend taking the Big Bus Tour as it takes you around all the major sights and you can hop on and off the bus at your leisure.Overall we had an amazing time and would love to thank all the staff at the Metropolitan Palace Hotel for making our trip so enjoyable.	
Sep 4 2009 	Perfectly nice psuedo-deluxe hotel	Dubai has a lot of capacity right now, so finding a great deal is not hard. This hotel is very nice, but maybe a little over-stated on tripadvisor.Pros:- Deluxe hotel- Nice rooms, good amenities- Rooftop Pool- Good, helpful Staff- Decent walking around area (15min walk to Gold souq)- Close to airportCons-- On the other side of Dubai (deira district), so getting to the sites might involve taxis or buses.- Not hip, or trendy, or overely exciting, though very well decorated and deluxe- No room internet	
Aug 20 2009 	enjoyed every minute	my friend and I have just returned from the metropolitan palace in dubai, we spent 6 nights there from 5th august 2009. the staff were very helpful and friendly, we arrived at 10am and were allocated our room on the 7th floor. the ambuance of the hotel was enthralling with a sweeping staircase and glass lifts to the upper floors, we stayed on bed and breakfast and had a great selection of both continental and european dishes all fresh and curteous staff. The consciorge was very helpful and we asked her to organise a bashing dune trip which we accessed through honaras tours for 125 dirham and really enjoyed the desert /sand and meal with belly dancing and options of camel rides and quad bikes and sand boarding down the dunes definitely recommend this tour company. we also used the free bus to access the city mall in diera as this was the cheapest mall to visit, we also visited the other malls in the city by taxi, which are cheap to access. in addition we walked to the creek and went on a boat for 4 dirham to the old souk. also went to the gold souk by taxi all worth a visit. our hotel had a roof top pool which was virtually empty in the mornings when we tended to use it, there was also the gym and sauna, however the heat outside was enough of a sauna with temperatures of 40 to 48 degrees. The views were marred by the haze that enveloped the city and the busy road were an eyesore. We did go by the free bus to the sister hotel the habtoor for the day, but the temperature and humidity and sea were very hot. we booked through destinology agency and would recommend this organisation and air france again.excellent hotel	
Aug 8 2009 	Metropolitan Palace Dubai-Worst Hotel experienace everi	We booked through SkyTravel in SW London for two adults and 1 child being 14 years. We were given a vouchers which stated bed and breakfast for three named indivduals as adults. Upon arrival at 1am we were told that the third person was informed as child of 10 years and not an adult. The manager was arguing we have to pay extra as the room booked had only one king bed. We were at the checking for more than an hour. We should have been given the extra bed as complimentry. The manager did not want to admit that this was a hotel management fault and should have worked this out with the travel sites they do business with.We were than told by the manager that he'll put the bed as complimentry. During our stay we were treated very poorly when we asked for basic like tea cups, ironing board, kettle which one expect to have as a 5 star hotel they claim it to be.To our surprise when we checked out after 6 nights we were demanded to for the extra bed for 7 nights which we were unable to understand. The manager did not want to come out to the reception to deal with our enquiry instead the receptionist called him .We highly recommend NOT to come to Metropolitan Palace and instead consider Renaissance which we stayed at previous year and had splendid time.	
Aug 2 2009 	Wishes it was a five-star...	I stayed at the Sheraton Four-Points in Bur Dubai on my way to Africa and this hotel does not even compare! First, we booked through Travelocity. We did not try to hide the fact that we were a four person family looking for one room, but the management treated us this way upon arrival; check-in was more than an hour! The manager was arguing that 4 people could not stay in one room, when he should have been offering us a complimentary upgrade!He did not want to admit that this was hotel managment's fault. The management should have worked this policy out with all travel sites it does business through, not blame us and make us wait for our room at 2 a.m. in the morning for more than an hour! It was not our fault-we input everthing into the computer and it gave us this room option. The room was booked for under $100 dollars and they wanted to charge us $400 for two rooms. The room we got was tiny, no complimentary upgrade considering our situation. Any other hotel in any other place in the world would have given us a bigger room for free, but not it Dubai and certainly not the MP! On our way out we asked for a van taxi, instead we were escorted to an illegal unmarked taxi. Luckily the guy did not try to rip us off, per Dubai law if you get into an unmarked taxi and a dispute erupts the police cannot get involved-caveat emptor!Other annyoances: We asked for four clean towels got two! No cordless kettle, no free wi-fi: these are things we have come to expect from 3 star hotels like the Best Western, but the MP bill themselves as a five-star, shouldn't these things be included? This is the bottom line if a hotel bills itself as a five-star hotel: all the rooms, no matter what price you paid for them, should include five-star service, this hotel does not prescibe to that philosophy. I'm sure if you get the most expensive rooms you will have five-star service, but if you're looking to save a little money, but still get good service do not come here go to the Sheraton Four Points in Bur Dubai!	
Apr 22 2009 	Happy 4* Struggling 5*	Stayed at the Met Palace between 16th 21st April 2009. From the airport it took only 10 minutes to get to the hotel, taxi price £1.80 (bargin) The hotel itself is located mid shops and business and isnt obvious from the road. The entrance is pretty grand and the staff are very friendly, i have read reviews about poor arrogant service, they were superb providing regular check ups, room cleaning twice daily (closing curtains for you at night) and newspapers iron/board when i needed. The hotel has nice pool on the roof which is tad small but def does the job, there is a gym with running machine, weights, spa bath and sauna.I didnt have any meals included but thanks to reading reviews of this hotel i walked 100yrs to the left of hotel and bought tonnes of stuf for breakfast from a local supermarket for no more than £7 that last nearly the full 5 days, be aware the hotel charges £10 just for breakfast thats everyday! The rooms are decent size nice bathrooms and quiet, i got decent sleep on the 5th floor.The hotel is only 5 min walk from the Dubai creek and a water bus gets you across the water to the sooks (a must see) if your going by taxi anywhere always get taxis with cream bodies some have red or green roofs the hotel taxi is a bit pricey, forget buses they are almot none existant . The price to Jumeriah beach by taxi was 30 dirhams or £6 the journey time is 20mins i would advise the Jumeriah beach park as this is suitable for tourist s who want to show a bit of skin, be warned the migrant workers will stop there JCB's, cranes, to look at women and at one point my partner was being watched by 30+ men whos mind dont need reading lol bizzare. Dont waste anytime in Dubai every minute should be used to explore this wonderful magical place. If you like a drink get ready the average price is £7 a pint ... enjoy!	
Apr 20 2009 	Highly recommended	We have just returned from a week's break in Dubai, and we stayed at the Metropolitan Palace for 7 nights. I will admit I was a bit worried about the choice of hotel having read some of the reviews on this site, but I can honestly say we had a great experience and would definitely return to this hotel if we go back to Dubai. Even though we arrived at the hotel at 9am after travelling overnight they let us check into our room an hour later, and on departure day let us keep our room for two extra hours as our flight wasn't until late afternoon for no extra charge. The staff were very friendly and attentive - my only criticism was that some of them had very limited English which made being understood quite difficult at times (there was a function at the hotel one night and we could hear the music in our room, we rang down to complain but no-one understood what we were saying!) The rooftop pool was gorgeous and never too busy - we always managed to get a sun-lounger. Breakfast was great - a good selection of food, but we didn't eat any other meals in the hotel. I used the gym several times and was impressed - much better and bigger than a normal hotel gym and again never too busy. It is in the north end of Dubai, i.e &quot;old town&quot; Dubai so yes it isn't as plush as say staying around the marina or Jumeirah Beach, but it is a fraction of the price of some of those hotels, and a very easy taxi ride from wherever you want to go. One night we took a cab to Atlantis on The Palm island - it took 20 minutes and cost about £10 - and that is literally the other end of the city. The decor and rooms are looking a little dated now (again compared to some of the other true luxury hotels in Dubai) but if you are looking to stay in Dubai without spending thousands then the Metropolitan Palace is perfect.	
Apr 18 2009 	Spectacular Hotel with service to match!!	My husband booked the hotel as a last minute suprise for us for our 10th wedding anniversity and I can honestly say it was absolutely stunning!!! The staff were very helpful when we arrived late at night to find our card was blocked! everyhting was sorted out the next day when they went out of their way to make calls on our behalf! The roof top leisure centre and pool area perfectly kept &amp; staff were attentive but not pushy- overall excellent service in a beautiful &amp; peaceful setting! Good cheap supermarkets and late night eateries within 5min walk -overall had a wonderfully relaxed few days ; loved it so much hope to take the kids later in the year ;-)“	
Apr 1 2009 	Not a 5 star!	Just back from a week in MPH. This is definately not a 5 star hotel by Dubai standards, more like a 3-4. On checking in I was asked upfront for 2000 dh, &quot;to cover incidentals&quot; I gave my credit card which then had 2000 dh taken from it and now wait for it to be put back on, as I paid for everything upfront and didnt use minibar etc. It is staffed by Philippino and Indian staff who were very friendly. The buffet breakfast was pretty standard, without any variation. The decor is dark and dated, and there should be more seating in lobby area. There is no snack or coffee bar, only expensive restaurants. The location is good, just a short walk to the creek. There is a store at the back of the hotel, buy anything you need from there, tin of coke is 1dh, room service tin of coke 17dh!! Most of the other guests were Iranian and I saw them coming back at night with bags full of takeaway food!! The pool area on roof is small but OK, and wasnt crowded. There is no tea or coffee making stuff in the room, no kettle either. The City Center Mall is nearby and they send a minibus to the hotel to take you there, a bit cramped but saves on taxi fares. If you want a drink, go to the Irish Village, has a pub like atmosphere and you dont have to buy food. Went on the Big Bus tour with a BOGOF voucher, and did the blue route, it was Ok but more like a tour of the shopping malls of Dubai. The malls have a good choice of food for cheap eats. We had a good Arabic meal at Automatic restaurant in Al Rigga St.	
Mar 16 2009 	Just back from Metropolitan Palace	Loved it for a short -5day - break. In the city, and excellent for shopping -we had half-board, and would probably not do that again , but for our 1st visit to Dubai and having heard al the stories about how expensive it is to eat out, we thought we'd go half-board.However, the shopping malls are fabulous for any kind of food you can imagine, suchi, italian, chinese etc - and about the price you would pay in UK.We went to the beach via the transfer service to the sister hotel Al-Habtoor Hotel at Jumeriah beach - fantastic !!! Use of all the facilities for a small fee....Don't forget to visit Al Karama for the markets - great bargains there..can't wait to go back !!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 16 2009 	Relaxing comes to mind	Ok well - I came to this hotel at a decent price since we were sharing a room (much cheaper that way!) - I'll be honest, it was a not-so-good start - since the cheeky sods at lastminute.com decided to remove the additional 'free hot buffet breakfast' offer at of course, the last minute. I was too busy to notice since I had booked the holiday then went straight back to the library to study for exams - although finding out at like midnight, after a 7 hour flight isn't the best thing, but we got over this.The room was really good - although of course this was my first stay in Dubai ever - the beds were spacious, bathroom was clean and organised, we had a room right at the end so it was definitely quiet, the view from our room wasn't the best but we could still see the marina and some other parts that weren't covered by other massive buildings!Breakfast served (when we paid for it one day) was excellent, loads to choose from hot and cold - other days we just waited till lunchtime and had a big meal (thank you hardees! :P)The location is decent - its around 15-20 mins drive from the airport I remember. To be honest I'd recommend renting a car - we decided to do this after waiting 2 hours for a taxi, and instead of going to our original location we thought we'd go to the airport and get a car - made the trip MUCH better since we had the freedom to pretty much go anywhere - we even drove to abu dhabi and back one night. The hotel run a free valet parking service which made this even more useful, and the renting rates are pretty affordable. (By the way if getting car rental from the airport - make sure you do so upon arrival, apparently the only way to get to the car rental shops is when you've just arrived in the airport, which is silly - we cheekily sneaked past security through the exits to get in, they saw us, shouted at us as we walked away, then just turned around! lol...)What else - ah yeh the staff were ok-ish, to be honest having read other reviews here I'm surprised - but then again I may have gone at a lower-profile time where things were more relaxed. We didn't bother going to the restaurant as we thought it was quite expensive. Altogether the staff were good and responsive - service provided and help provided were good - not excellent (could've provided better maps! We searched high and low for a map and ended up still having to use the one the hotel gave us... Ah well.)I'd recommend this for first-timers in Dubai, my next hotel in Dubai will definitely be Jumeirah beach! For sharwarma lovers if you wander around the back areas of the hotel - ther's a few cafes which do it for like, 3/4 Dh! Thats 50p! And they still taste brilliant Eat your heart out edgware road :P Also there's a cool swimming pool on the roof with a jacuzzi, as well as a gym, steam room and sauna if I'm not mistaken, all were pretty good - the gym only really has a decent weights area, the rest is pretty standardCheck it out, if its your first time. And rent a car - much better than haggling with a taxi driver or going on some ridiculously longer route and having no idea you're being charged double what you shoudl be.	
Mar 15 2009 	Good city hotel!	the metropolitan palace hotel is a good choice if u want to &quot;shop till u drop&quot; &lt;) it is near the big malls and restaurants.most of the guests seemed to be buisness guys.the staff was great, always a smile on their face and everytime ready to manage your problems or wishes.but if u want a beachholiday, you have to choose another hotel because u need to go 20 min by taxi to the beach.the DUBAITAXIs are very cheap, to the beach it costs about 25dhs which is about 7euro.in the end it is a good hotel for citytravellers.	
Mar 8 2009 	Dont stay here...never...never...never	The Metropolitan Palace is a hotel that should avoided at all costs when staying in Dubai. There are plenty of better hotels, in better locations and some even at better prices than here. We booked an executive room, which allowed snacks and soft drinks during the day in a lounge reserved for executive room residents, followed by alcholic drinks in the evening between 18:00 to 21:00. The snacks on offer were very often cold and stale, however the staff were extremely courteous and friendly at all times. Our executive room which was booked as a non-smoking room 8 months prior to our arrival had cigarette buts and ash on the carpet when we arrived. We complained about this the following morning and were assured that the room would be &quot;deep cleaned&quot; as there were no more non-smoking rooms available. However when we returned to the room later only the cigarette buts had been picked up, but no further cleaning had been carried out. The room was dirty but of a decent standard, however by Dubai standards was of low quality. The location of the hotel is a complete nightmare if you travel to/from it by taxi first thing in the morning during rush hour or 17:00 to 20:00 in the evening. Out with rush hour a normal journey would be 20 mins, during rush hour the same journey would be 1 hr 20 mins. As taxi travel is so cheap here I would suggest booking a hotel down by the beach or on the outskirts of town as they would be easier and quicker to commute to/from as you are missing out the traffic congestion of the busy town centre. The hotel staff were courteous and helpful during our stay, apart from leaving us with a dirty room. If you play golf there are some fantastic, but expensive courses on offer. I played the Montgomerie and the Four Seasons courses, and couldnt recommend them highly enough. If only the golf was as cheap as taxi travel!! We visited the 2 main shopping malls, which are massive and have every shop available for the western tourist. The prices are not as cheap as you may think, with most items of a similar price to the UK. The restaraunts in our hotel were skanky so we eat out every night. Gordon Ramsay at the Hilton is expensive, however the food and service are of the highest order. Not sure if it is worth the money but worth a visit for a one off. The Sheraton hotel also has a nice restaraunt overlooking the Dubai creek, which is well worth a visit. We also booked a high tea at the 7 star hotel. This is again is worth it to say you have been there and done it. It cost approx £65 a head, but gives you a taster of how the other half live. The beige coloured taxis are the cheapest of the cheap, however our hotel tended to book the more expensive white taxis, which are 2-3 times as expensive as the beige ones. Its best to wait outside and hail a beige one for yourself.	
Feb 23 2009 	Friendly Staff Good ValueComfortable Room.	This was a 1 week half term trip with my husband and 14 year old daughter. Having read reviews on trip advisor, the first thing we did when we checked in, was to upgrade the room.For an extra £100 per night, we had a junior suite- 2 rooms. The package then included all our alcoholic beverages in the evening, afternoon tea with cakes etc from 3 pm and canapes in the evening. This made it extremely good value as there were 3 of us and soft drinks were also free between 6.30 and 9pm. As 1 glass of wine is about £9 and a coke £4 we felt this deal was extremely good value.Location of hotel was fine. Yellow Dubai taxis are so cheap that we felt it was better to stay where we did ( much cheaper than Jumeirah area) and taxi in as and when.Dubai is very expensive to eat out, so be prepared!!Swimming pool on roof top was lovely. We didn't bother going to the sister hotel on the beach as this would have cost approx.£50- we were very happy by the pool.Best of holiday- the room and the deal that came with it. Least-expense of drinks etc	
Feb 19 2009 	great clean  central hotel 	Just back from the metropolitan palace this week . Great experience no probs or safety issues ( please dont get confused with the metropolitan hotel) , approx 15 mins from the airport , about 15 dirams ( get dubai taxi beige cars). had a room on the 6th floor , decent size pool and steam room etc and gym on the roof. Room was large clean and had separate bath/ shower , mini bar ( didnt use it) but no tea coffee facilites but they will bring you a pot of hot water for free if you need that coffee in the morning bring your own. staff went out of their way to help you from the reception to the maid, didn't eat in the hotel there are 2 supermarkets within 5 mins of the hotel so popped in for some munchies and put cokes in the mini bar fridge and no-one seeemed to mind. they have all the famous brands of drink crisps choclate etc as well as backery for breakfast snacks. approx 50 dirams cab ride away from jumeriah beach area , takes around 30 mins , so very central for the creek etc . Insist on a dubai taxi when going out from the hotel they are a fraction of the &quot;executive&quot; cars. Only niggle was that the hotel wanted 120 dirams each to use the beach sister hotel facilities ( approx £25) which i thought was a total rip off, ask the taxi to take you the jumeriah beach park , on the jumeriah beach with beach chairs etc for hire without the big tourist prices with couple of reasonable cafe's beach bar which is where the locals go at 5 dirams each and it's lovely give the hotel beaches a miss and save cash. Also short walk from the creek approx 10 mins flag down an abra for 1 diram each to cross the creek to bur dubai great cheap experience . booked thru expedia for £120 per nite room only breakfast wasn't included for that rate and the hotel price of £16 each was a bit steep so walked to local cafe's nearby for a fraction of the price. If your looking to do more than fry on the beach for the week and want to get out and about as well as seeing the sights this is a perfect hotel in a great location.	
Jan 21 2009	Recommend upgrade to EXecutive Rooms	Excellent location around15 minutes from airport and short walk to the creek and not far from the souks of Deira. Having spoken to friends and colleagues as well as researched trip advisor strongly advised to upgrade to Executive rooms. Most importantly this included happy hour between 6.30 and 9pm and hot canapes and soup. Happy hour was free alcohol which is a real bonus where drink is extremely expensive( My wife was charged £15 for a glass of wine at the Emirated Towers VU bar!)also package included breakfast, afternoon tea, coffee and soft drinks 24/7 and free airport transfers. The seperate lounge was quite quiet but the extremely helpful staff treated us fantastically well. Even ordered chardonnay specially for my wife after she had mentioned that it was her favourite.Rooms were comfortable and staff constantly checked to make sure we had everything. Roof top pool was good and there was also a jacuzzi and steam room.Only complaints were staff member ordered us a taxi without a meter which cost us double . Always insist on metered taxis. Secondly on check out reception insisted we had used a can of pepsi from the mini bar. I explained we had not used the mini bar and in any event soft drinks were free. However he insisted that if we didn`t pay the staff would have to!! £4 lighter and more importantly an excellent experience spoiled in the last few minutesof a 6 day trip. Hotel also offers complimentary shuttle bus to sister hotel with a minimal charge to use facilities but this worked out at £25 each!Excellent value apart from charge to access beach, staff in executive lounge were fantastic and great city centre location	
Jan 16 2009 	great hotel	This a great &amp; true 5 star hotel. I had a room on the 8th floor behind elevators and it was totally quiet. Hotel has three atriums, each different but nice. In eve, lobby has a violin and grand piano played by two young women. Service was excellant, pool on roof quiet and not crowded. Taxis were available all the time, and usually less than a 5 minute wait. Lots of resturants within waling distance, and a grocey store only a couple of blocks away. Absolutely no compaints. Rate thru Kayak USD135/night,	
Jan 8 2009 	Fawlty Towers...	Stayed here as a 4 day add-on trip. Not the best experience I've ever had. Hotel reception staff were surly and seemed unable to cope with the influx of people checking in for New Year celebrations. Not enough rooms to go round ! Mixed twin rooms with double rooms! People were constantly going to rooms and coming back to reception complaining. Everyone was swapping rooms. We changed rooms twice, another couple had to change rooms 4 times! Service was very slow and staff had a &quot;don't want to do&quot; attitude. Staff did not want to speak to me regarding complaints - &quot;will discuss with your husband&quot;. Could have been a Fawlty Towers episode. WIll never stay there again	
Dec 30 2008 	Friendly Staff	I had buiseness meetings in Deira so I booked this nice hotel for ten days. The quality of the otel and the service is above the average of the surrounding hotels. its close to the main meeting points and friendly people are ready to help you.	
Dec 30 2008	comment	decoration is very good.the overall appearance.service is prompt.food is good.only problem i have experience is that with the room temperature control.room is cold most of the time even after correcting with the temperature controller.	
Nov 23 2008 	loved this hotel	What a fantastic hotel theystaff could not do enough for you. The location was great but if you want to be near a beach you need to book some where else,but saying that taxi's are very very cheap. Hotel was a great location not far from Dubai city centre (Deira) which has a good shopping centre. The people are very pleasent and you are treated like a member of the royal family. I would book this hotel again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Experience of a lifetime!	What can i say, loved this hotel. Complete luxury, we had a deluxe room on a B&amp;B basis. I could not falt the hotel/holiday in any way from the flight to transfer- hotel. Breakfast was amazing and the service from the staff was 1st class. Alcohol was expensive but this is common in Dubai. Ate in the hotel a couple of nights, but mainly in other hotels as we were out and about. Best meal had to be in the Glasshouse in the hilton Dubai creek, beautiful and they had a promotion on if you had two courses your drinks were 10 dirhams each!!!	
Sep 27 2008 	Nice place	Hotel was good, 5*star but not too expensive.. had a good time, food was great too!	
Aug 11 2008 	Dubai Like New York/Las Vegas/Paris All In 1	Just returned from a 4 night stay here booked all through the airmiles website (had been saving my miles with tesco clubcard points for about 3 years and got flight with ba and hotel by them for 15,790 miles had 16,000 so this was no problem. and even better feeling i didnt pay for it.Firstly have to say British Airways leg room far far better than virgin atlantic food was slightly better as well all the years i have been flying never had an upgrade but on return they upgraded us free to world traveller plus dont think i ever want to travel economy again!! we were spoilt rotten so much room and good food/drinks etc anyway on with the review We flew overnight and so arrived at the hotel about 8.30am check-in should be at 2pm but they offered an upgrade to a junior suite and said we could check in right away it cost £70 a night extra for the 2 of us but looking at all the benefits you got we felt it was well worth it we had access to a private executive lounge (very nice) for breakfast all day soft drinks and snacks and free booze 6.30 to 9pm at night plus hot food (soup and canopies etc) Madan was our butler what a guy he could not do enough for us he was a lovely lovely man always had a big smile on his face and would bring over olives,nuts and crisps all night to us if we wanted them. Our room was large with a seperate lounge and 2 huge flat screen tvs, seperate shower bath robes and slippers provided. very clean room with views over the Dubai creek as this is a city hotel not beach hotel. Only annoying thing was when we upgraded i asked if ok to pay in $ as i had some left from our trip to Las Vegas the previous month they said ok but then we got a letter next day under the door asking us to go to reception as they needed deposit in Dirhams so they gave me dollars back and i paid some in Dirhams next day got letter asking me to go to reception as they needed more money we were due to check out next morning so the night before went and sorted it all out just felt they really didnt trust as , as they also sent up someone to check the mini bar on departure to see if i owed anymore money which i didnt , also one other annoying thing to get into exec lounge you need to swipe your card in lift then press floor 8 our card never seemed to work and we had to keep going back to reception for them to re programme it , it was a bit embarrasing when other people got in the lift and your card didnt work !! anyway apart from these small probs hotel very plush all marbel,water and flowers oh and i must mention the crystal chandeliers all 3 off them magnificent as were the 2 glass lifts we were on the 3rd floor but loved the lifts so much kept getting in them (lazy cow i know) swimming pool on roof top very nice very warm up there and windy be carefull of the sun we didnt sit in it but still got burnt, pool guy Benjamin is also a really sweet man very very pleasant and helpfull want to know anything just ask him. only trip we went on because of the heat was big bus tour do city trip one day then beach the next as its 2 much to do both in one day well worth the money and it gets you to see all of Dubai - and what a place petrol is cheaper than water can u believe they have so much revenue coming in about 1.6billion a day they are build build build yes i suppose they will spoil it eventually but they will have claim to the biggest everything in the world i.e. airport,tallest building biggest shopping mall biggest indoor ski slope, biggest mono rail system due to open 09-09-09 Oh and Dubailand twice the size of Disney world florida they already have worlds only 7 star hotel in the Burj al arab you need to make a reservation to get in about 3 days in advance they do afternoon tea for about £56!! but worth it everything in there that looks gold is gold 24k gold leaf!! (will need to win lottery to stay their) got a free transfer back to airport included in exec package booze very cheap at airport you must buy here as you cannot in supermarkets in dubai only if you have alchol licence but we got litre of gordons gin for £6 at airport so stock up!! Would go back to Dubai again but on beach next time as city very hectic and traffic a nightmare but taxis very cheap so dont walk anywhere especially when its hot it was 42 when we were their this city reminds me of New York, Las Vegas and Paris all rolled into one, New York for the consentrated areas of high rise buildings,Las Vegas for the oppulence of its hotels and Paris for the spread out heavy traffic areas but do go and enjoy something for everyone here even the little ones especially when Dubailand gets fully open	
Jul 2 2008 	Check Your Booking	We booked this the day before we left the UK, what a mistake. They had no information from Last Min .com when we arrived at 10:30am and so we where unable to book in. Even though we had the E-tickets and the confirmation emails, they refused to allow us to check in, although if we paid an additional £750 they did have a room for usAfter £200 worth of phone calls and email back to the UK. They finally allowed us to check at 3pm.Nice room good exec service just the check in problem spoilt the break.	
May 12 2008 	Nice hotel but not great if you have a baby	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights on our way to austrailia and 3 nights on our return. I was traveling with my husband a 4 year old and a 9month old. For the first 3 nights we were upgraded to an executive room which was what i would have expected from a standard room and we had no problems.Staff were all friendly and helpful. However on our return journey we were in a standard room, a very small room, in which they had to remove a standard lamp and 2 chairs to fit in a bed for my 4 year old. The cot was like a laundry basket!! This request for the bed and cot took 9 Hours. The standard room is not equipt with a kettle so if you have a baby who requires food to heat up you have to ring room service to bring you hot water i find this ridiculous from a so called 5 star hotel. They are not quick on the requests it took 40 mins for them to bring water to the room hense a screaming baby. When asked if i could hire a kettle was told you have to be on the executive floor!! many discussions later i ended up going to the shops and buying a kettle was less stressful!!On the whole a nice hotel but wouldnt choose it again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Great staff and service enjoyable experience.	We arrived in Dubai airport, checked-out and then expected a driver from the hotel to pick us up. My wife and I, together with our baby, had to then ask someone at a kiosk for help, who was very kind to call the hotel, who unfortunately said the pick was not on their computer system. We then took a local taxi, whose advice not to take private or hotel taxis were very helpful as it saved us from overpaying for transport during our stay.Upon hearing our ordeal, we were offered a Suite which consisted of two TVs and a separate living room with very comfortable sofas. The following day we requested a Superior room in case they forget and we get charged for the Suite! We didnt get the fruit basket till next day but it was merely a bowl, nothing like a hamper or even a basket. The fruits were good though! We requested a cot which we got upon request. The ensuite was clean but the shower in the bath didnt work properly. The towels and bedsheets were changed everyday and room cleaned as usual.Room service was excellent, so was the breakfast, dinner and tea we occassionally ordered. We got a lot of pleasure out of get these services so didnt hesitate to give the staff tip everytime we needed something. We kept forgeting to buy washing liquid to clean our baby's bottles so we kept ordering it through room service which cost us lots of tips which also felt good. The staff were very friendly, excellent throughout including the doormen at the entrance who always helped us get taxis and give advice where to go. The receptionists were superb. The best thing about the hotel was its close proximity to the Gold Souk, great Indian restaurants, Museum and currency exchange bureaus who offered very good rates for £! I am glad we took local taxis to visit places like Jumeirah which felt great. On our last day we hired a local taxi for the whole day to give us a tour of places we hadnt visited and it only cost us 350 dhirams which is only £50. You'd be lucky to reach central London from Heathrow with this amount by a black cab?!Although we missed most breakfasts, the few that we did eat were very pleasant an experience and in gastronomy. The breakfast buffet here is better than most five star hotels in Spain except that it finishes at 10.30am so if you wake up late due to a late night out you have to take advantage of the all the great restaurants nearby which are very reasonably priced.The only thing I wasnt happy with was the pricing of designer goods in department stores. They vary little in comparison to prices in London. But shopping is best experienced in diamond selling jewellers where you pay less than what one would for gold! Great to see harmony between people of so many races. Not happy at all seeing some British tourists behaving uncourteously with people, eg not giving tips and giving up a taxi for a family with a baby.	
Apr 8 2008 	Fantastic Service with a Smile!!!	This hotel is fabulous- Check in was hassle free, the porters were great, the staff were amazing, they were there to wait on you hand and foot. And as for the hotel- We loved the room! No complaints. They even knocked on the door one night and gave us free sweets! Yum! The pool was small, heated and great! One complaint- its obviously used as a base for staff of a particular airline- If I had of heard any more trolley dolly talk I would have went insane!!The poolside bar was expensive but had lovely snacks esp the steak sandwich!! And the guys who worked it were my favorite - recommended place to go and things to do- so friendly. I also loved the decor! Plenty of marble- just pure class!!There is an Iranian cake shop just down the road when you turn left from the hotel door- fantastic cakes at great value- its a must!!! and don't forget the desert safari!! Amazing!!!Oh and just one thing- The door porters on the door are in cahoots with private taxi drivers and will always flag them for you. They will tell you they are metered which most of them are- but these meters move at a much quicker rate! Insist on a Dubai taxi- beige with red top, and your trip will be pleasant and cheap!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	ok place to stay	stayed for 4 nights 1-4 april. Hotel was pleasent and staff ok, no extra bed in room and then the hotel wanted 150 dirhams per night £22.50) so my daughter slept on the sofa she is only 5 and this was adequate, Taxis requested at the lobby were hotel taxis and very expensive the staff were reluctant to flag local taxis so we walked 100 yards and did just that! Dubai is very safe and we often walked at night to other local hotels for a change and some where different to eat. BE WARNED checkout takes ages at this hotel they have no sense of urgency despite the proximity to the airport allow plenty of time. I would recommend this hotel for the 1st and last night stay in dubai.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed here for two nights....overall a good experience. Nice room...even though we had booked a triple the extra bed was not there on arrival (at nearly midnight). Booked hotel taxi from airport in advance....disaster finding it took over 40 mins! Discovered they hike the price...the journey with them cost 70 AED. The return journey in a local taxi, and the driver explained he was taking a less direct route to avoid traffic, was 22.50 AED!!!!! The breakfast was good and the food in the only restruant we tried was average. Staff are excellent and very helpful. swimming pool is small but nice and on the roof. Building very attractive and well kept.	
Mar 27 2008 	loved the roman style	Arrival was good, a guest relation officer called Anna was so cooperative, the rooms was fine, the DND sign was out of order, the toilet seat had a wooden cover, and the cleanliness of the room was fine.	
Jan 29 2008	brill will use again!!!	recently stayed at the metropolitan hotel for the week of chritmas staff were brilliant there was no job to difficult.the hotel had free bus to the mall of emirates certain times of day which would also pick up at different times. they also did a bus to there sister hotel that had its own private beach. (well worth going to for the day)hotel was very clean, always someone around to ask questions i couldnt fault the hotel so if others have they must have been looking for the bad points.i will defenatly be rebooking in the future!.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good hotel in Deira	This is a nice hotel located in the city. It has just turned 10 years old, which makes it one of the older ones in Dubai. It is still in good condition with an attractive foyer, nice roof pool and a selection of restaurants.We booked a non-smoking, double deluxe room. However, we were given a twin room. We asked to change, and although we were told this was not possible, we were quickly moved to another room. We later realised that it was a smoking room. Fortunately the room did not smell, but we would have appreciated it if the hotel told us first. The room was nicely decorated and had lovely bed linen, although the bathroom was due for refurbishment.If you want to stay in Deira, this hotel is perfect. However, you would be best to stay on Jumeriah Beach if staying more than two nights, as most attractions are out that side. It is only the Gold Souk and the airport that are in Deira. Traffic in Dubai is bad, and it takes anywhere between 30 mins and 2 hours to get to Jumeriah Beach from the hotel. Taxis are charged by the distance travelled, not time, and are reasonably cheap. From the Metropolitan Palace to the Burj-Al-Arab is approx 45 AED. Always take local taxis - the white hotel taxis are expensive (we were quoted 75 AED to the Burj). It can be a battle to get the concierge to flag local taxi rather than the hotel taxis, but be persistent - we saw many guests request local taxis.The hotel runs a shuttle to its sister hotel, the Habatoor Grand Hotel on Jumeriah Beach. This is a fantastic hotel. The fee for the day is 70 AED, but it is definitely worth it. There is no shuttle to any malls. However there are a couple of small malls within walking distance which have food courts, and the large Deira City Centre mall is a 15 minute walk away.We paid £190 per night at the Metropolitan Place - it was overpriced but cheaper than other 5 star hotels in November.The only gripe we had was that their website said that deluxe rooms receive a bowl of fresh fruit daily. However, we had to call and request this every single day. When I raised this with reception, they said they knew the website said this, but it was not their policy to do it. If you ring room service and ask for it, they bring it up immediately. Everyone says the Burj-Al-Arab is a must-see. We were skeptical, but had a fantastic night there. We booked the Chocolate Fountain, and were able to visit the Skyview bar afterwards for cocktails and the view. Highly recommend it!	
Oct 20 2007	Worth it - a pleasant surprise in Dubai	I had to leave Abu Dhabi and come early to Dubai but my reservation at the JW Marriott was 4 days away, so my office reserved this hotel for me. I loved it - great location for walking, nice rooftop pool, excellent overall hotel done in the style of the Waldorf or a classic European hotel. Not a complaint to be made (unusual for me...), and the manager invited those of us who had been there for a few days to a cocktail reception one evening to get feedback. Shows what good administration can do for making a stay pleasant.	
Sep 28 2007	Excellent hotel- Wouldnt opt for city location again	Stayer for 4 days in Dubai. The hotel experience was excellent. We were greeted with hot towels and orange juice on arrival. The staff were exremely pleasant and helpful. Our breakfast was included which was lovely with a wide variety of choice. There is a pool on the roof top which is lovely and there is a bar by the pool where you can get cocktails and hot snacks. We chose to stay in a central location however if I was going back I would stay in a beach hotel. THere is not much to see in the city and there is a tour bus which you can join at all the major beach hotels that will bring you to the deira city shopping centre fromt here you can get the red tour bus which tours the city. I would definitlely recommend this, the tour is plenty to see the major sights and the beach hotels are much nicer. No complaints about the hotel or location whatsoever We would just stay id a differenct location if going back and would recommend the same to others.	
Sep 24 2007	Great City	Very nice hotel, good location and good facilities. Not as &quot;5 star&quot; as some of the other 5 star hotels but still very good value for money. Only drawback we found from the hotel was the difficulty in obtaining a Dubai metered taxi from outside the front lobby, the staff would always attempt to find you a limo taxi with whom they had a contract with. These taxis were often up to 3 times the price of a Dubai taxi!	
Sep 20 2007 	Fabulous! Amazing! A must stay!!	This is has to be one of the best hotels I have stayed at. Based on the city side of the Creek, its only about a 15 min drive from the airport when there's no traffic. We loved everything about this hotel from checking in, our porter, breakfast, guest concerige to actual checking out. We were upgraded to the executive suite (not sure why but didn't complain) and it had everything in there. We could have slept all day in our room, it was fantastic. All the staff spoke great English and were most helpful with booking our tours. The breakfast was fantastic with a wide range of all sorts of food from the buffet. You certainly cannot complain there. There was a great pool on the roof although we didn't get to use it due to our time limitations. Things to watch out for - 1. the tours booked through the hotel have obvisouly been bumped up in price. You will be able to find the same tours (by different operators) for a much cheaper price. It may be worth doing some research on dubai tours and getting an idea for price. We stayed with the hotel tours due to convenience, however, the hotel were more than happy to book other tour operators if thats what we preferred. 2. The breakfast is delicious but can be expensive if not included in your room rates. However, this is a 5* hotel so is probably on par with all other 5* hotels.3. We managed to get a last minute deal so were very pleased with the price of 170 pounds for 2 nights. This did included breakfast, fresh water and fruit delivered to our room each day and return airport transfer - Worth searching for deals before booking direct.Overall, a fabulous hotel. We would stay here again.We were a fair distance away from some of the main attractions, ie Mall of Emirates, the Jumeriah Beach, Burj hotel (at least 30 mins in a cab) but cabs are cheap so thats not a concern. However, for some staying on the other side of the creek nearer to those attractions may be more appealing. Dubai itself is an amazing city. Don't worry about the heat as you hardly ever spend more than 5 mins outside. From about 4pm traffic is an issue and you wil be be bumper to bumper. Allow time to get to places if travelling after this time (at least double the time). We only had 2 days here, you easily need at least 5 days. If you are only doing a stop over then make sure you do the 4 wheel drive on the sand dunes and visit the Mall of Emirates (and possibly go skiing).There are many other malls and markets which would be worth visiting but unfortunately we didn't get a chance.	
Aug 28 2007 	good relaxing stopover	Very polite staff on all occasions .A credit to the management.Excellent room service and very clean.A very relaxing atmosphere throughout the hotel.Great food----terrific choice--A great stay and would recommend this hotel to other travellers.	
Aug 20 2007 	A very nice place	I come for the hotel for business and I really enjoy it. I can at the same time rest and entertain.The most important thing in this hotel is that the customer can really find the product and the service and specially at a reasonable price.I would like to congratulate the team of this hotel and its management for their achievement. I would also like to encourage each one of them to do all their best to be the bests.ThanksAhmed.M	
Aug 1 2007	Comfortable Location	In the heart of the city and very much in walking distance.Good service with quality rooms.	
Jul 23 2007	Pretty average really	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and was actually pretty disappointed with my stay.The hotel building itself is quite nice and my room was comfortable. However, there are renovations going on in the hotel and construction nearby, so if the sound of hammering from nearby rooms and jackhammering from outside early in the morning might bother you, I'd go elsewhere.The staff were a mixed bag. Many had a poor grasp of English so, for example, getting recommendations on where to go for shopping was difficult. While I was at the gym, one off duty staff member had a serious temper tantrum when he couldn't find a jacket he had left there - having staff yelling at each other in front of guests is very unprofessional. I also had a waiter loudly calling out to me in the lobby when I tried to take a coffee from the lobby back to my room to finish as I was in a hurry. He told me if I wanted to drink coffee in my room, I had to order room service!!!On the positive side, the pool area on the roof is quite nice and the Lebanese restaurant (although run by Syrians not Lebanese) has very good food - but the promised entertainment (music and dancing) doesn't start until 3 hours after the restaurant opens for dinner.I wouldn't stay here again - look around because there must be better hotels than this in Dubai.	
Jun 28 2007 	very good!	nice,clean,very good location:)	
May 7 2007 	Very comfortable hotel in convenient location.	This is a great hotel, very comfortable. Shopping and restaurants nearby, within walking distance. Great pool on roof with very friendly bartender. Lebanese restaurant is delicious. Best of all, on my birthday the hotel arranged for a cake and personalized card to be sent to my room - only because they noticed on my passport that my birthday fell during my stay. Very impressive service!	
Mar 17 2007 	Very Nice Hotel - Great Food - (but extra for HS Internet!!)	This really is a good hotel and my five nights were without a hitch. But, you get what you pay for. my small but comfortable room was 750 AED/night, or about 250 CAD. The breakfast buffet was gorgreous - really the best I have had in a long while - but again, you get what you pay for - 66 AED or about 20 CAD.Now, with all of this luxury and comfort (and, after all, you are paying for it) the high speed internet in the room was extra!! 50 AED/hr extra!! Internet is an essential tool for most business travellers nowadays. This should be included in the room fee.The Back-Street cafe adjoining this hotel is interesting (if not smoke filled) ... and they have wireless internet at 15 AED/hr. The food is good too - and, if you are there past 10 pm, you can see some of the interesting ladies of the night hawking their wares.	
Mar 10 2007	Sheer Heaven	I had read so many reviews about Dubai Hotels I was starting to get mixed up, so I plumped for the Met Palace in Deira (the financial district) and think on reflection I picked the best one in Dubai. This is a 5* deluxe hotel and certainly lives us to it. I had read that many hotel staff in Dubai were rude or surly but no so here, we have never been treated so well, they could not do enough for us. The roof top pool and waiting staff were excellent and the restaurants within the hotel were fabulous, especially the Polynesian Evening at the Tahiti Restaurant with the Polynesian Dancers. The rooms were of very good standard (and you don't need to take any travel adaptors!) and standard of cleanliness and friendliness were excellent. The hotel catered for both business and leisure travellers and had few business conventions on whilst we were there but that didn't interfere with our break. Considering the Hotel is on the main Al Maktoum Street, there was no traffic noise either. The room service is superb, bringing you anything you want even if it isn't on the menu and the Conscierge was great, helping us out in finding our way around and sorting out transport for us. The 5 course breakfast was wonderful and certainly set you up for the day. I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 7 2006 	Really bad service	I have just returned from Dubai staying in this hotel, were i upgraded my room and was shocked when i received my final bill upon check out. I was told by e-mail by the reservations manager that the total cost to upgrade my room for 7 nights would be 640Dhs. Upon check out i was then presented with a bill of 4480Dhs!! I printed of the e-mails i had received confirming that the total upgrade charge would be 640Dhs and showed them to the duty manager , he then said i should have know it was per night!! I asked to speak with the person that send me the e-mail with the misleading information on but he said she was busy!!!I have stayed in many 5 star hotels in Dubai and on each occassion i have upgraded my room, when i have been given the cost in every other hotel they have given me the total cost for the entire stay as that is what i have asked for.I asked to speak with someone above the duty manager but due to the fact it was the Weekend therre was no one there! It was left with the hotel that the duty manager was going to get his manager to contact me in order to resolve the issue. I have still heard nothing but i have just been informed by my credit card company that they have taken the money without contacting me.It is fair to say this is i will never stay here again and next time i visit Dubai i will stay some where who appreciates their customers	
Jul 11 2006	Fantastic Hotel	Just returned from Metropolitan palace Hotel Deira dubai we were there 10 days from 1 july 2006, I cannot tell you what a great homely hotel this is the best we have stayed in Dubai excellent service from the staff ,good Restaurants and excellent customer service and front office staff do not miss going to thias Hotel its a sick proffesinal place its in the heart of the shopping District	
Apr 17 2006	Excellent service and staff		
Feb 10 2006	A Luxury hotel with great service		
Feb 5 2006 	pleasant stay on business		
Oct 31 2005	Rude duty manager 		
Oct 14 2005	Beautiful		
Oct 8 2005	Nice Pool and Rooms but Noisy		
Aug 18 2005 	Poor value Don't risk it!		
Mar 18 2005 	Great rooms		
Jan 18 2005	Excellent value for money		
Mar 21 2009 	confort e cortesia		
Mar 14 2009	se le ha caido una de las 5 estrellas		
Aug 24 2008 	hotel desagreable sur tous les plans :arogance de tout leur personel demotives		
Mar 23 2007 	Jeder Zeit wieder		
