Apr 23 2009 	Did Concorde not go out of service....LOL!	Sorry bad gag to start...it's not that bad but for our first time in Dubai i was expecting a bit more glitz and glamour from my accomodation. This isn't the place for that but luckily we only booked two nights then had booked another 4 nights at Emirates Harbour Hotel at the Dubai marina which had a bit more glitz. My father flew in from Glasgow a day before us and his standard room 607 (i think) was just your usual 'classic' looking hotel room. The bathroom was a bit dated but the rest of the decor looked fresh and clean although he did say the bed was rock hard. We arrived from Brissie refreshed (i love it when you get upgraded!!!) and we then moved into 9902, a 2 bed apartment which was an interesting mix with fake renaissance style furnishings and dodgy 1980's bathrooms. The apartment was big but the bedrooms were average size with only one ensuite. The kitchen had all the essentials but was grubby with broken and missing crockery and glasses. (Free) Breakfast is basic but ok and enough to keep you going. We ate in the restaurant one night which was like a ghost town, which is weird considering its packed in the morning. It was nothing special and the service was poor and slow seeing as we were the only people in there.We stayed here to experience the creek and souks but it was just in the middle of nothing with office blocks and some other hotels. A huge highway had to be negotiated to try and get to the creek so overall i feel the location is poor but at least the taxis are cheap. The Dubai City Centre Mall was 7dhms in a taxi (min fare is 10dhms) and we done the Big-Bus tour from there over 2 days. Its just a 'local' mall by Dubai standards but good enough for a short shopping trip. There's also a free shuttle bus back from the City Centre Mall which drops you near the footbridge and 24hr supermarket located just across the road from the hotel (and just up the road from the Big clock water tower thing). The supermarket was cheap as well for soft drinks, snacks etc.The pool was ok but it was empty (like the sauna and steam room which i had to switch on). The gym is split into two sides which i didn't find out about till day 2 thinking until then that it was weights and no cardio euqipment! Small and tired looking equipment but enough for a quick session.Overall it scrapes a 3-star rating for me but i know why concorde was put out of service...great in its day but now tired and ready for the makeover/scrap heap. Good place for a kip for a few nights but thats about it.	
Nov 1 2008 	Not bad enough to avoid not good enough to recommend	Plus points - nice room, everything clean and working and more than adequate. Fridge in room, but no tea/coffee facilities, big tv loads of channels. Nice hotel overall, big, light open spaces, the decor and feel were all fine. The online company we booked with (lastminute.com) had messed up our reservation and though they provided flights for 2 adults and a child, the room was only booked for 2 adults. The hotel reception dealt with this extremely well, an extra bed was provided, with no extra charge, inc the extra breakfast. Hotel 'extras' were quite reasonable.Minus points. No balcony and absolutely no way therefore of drying wet beach stuff (there was a clothesline in the bathroom but due to the aircon, clothes put on it took 3 days to dry) Breakfast was ok, but uninspiring and they have a strange system for getting coffee.. a waitress floats around with a jug every now and then, so if you just miss her 'cycle' you will have finished eating before your next chance to get a drink. Reception/concierge unhelpful about queries and requests, when we asked them to call us a taxi they offered the hotel car at four times the price. The free shuttle to/from the beach failed to collect us on the second day. Our complaint/query when we were forced to take a taxi back to the hotel met with no response.Location is fine-ish, ie its near the creek but a good 15 minutes walk to where its at ,in terms of restaurants, souks etc.Overall we were happy, we got a very good price deal and felt it was value for money, but it it was in the detail that it failed to deliver.Oh, and its a dry hotel, so if you need a drink/bar look elsewhere.	
May 26 2008 	Great value hotel	This hotel is good value for money. Very close to the airport 15 minutes drive. We initially booked for a family double room but that was upgraded to 3 bedroom suite. Which was nice. Although some of the furniture (sitting room) was showing some signs of wear and tear. The staff were helpful and very courteous. The swimming pool which was on the 9 floor was not so accessible but still fine.The breakfast was adequate.The hotel was clean and tidy.	
Apr 10 2008 	Comfortable and conveniently located service apartment	I stayed in Dubai with my family (4 total) for a week and the Concorde Hotel &amp; Residence allowed us to do so at a reasonable price. We had originally booked a 2-bedroom apartment but upon check-in were upgraded to a 3-bedroom apartment. The 3-bedroom was huge with a separate living area with an expansive view of the city, full kitchen &amp; washer, and 2.5 bath.Overall, our stay was very comfortable and it was great having the benefits of an apartment with daily maid service. The included breakfast buffet was great given the lack of restaurants around the area. If you can put up with the heat, it's an easy 10-15 minute walk to the other restaurants along the creek. The service was outstanding from the front desk to the bell boys. I saw previous reviews about the passport requirement but this is a normal thing I have experienced in other countries and when we asked for it back because we went to Oman, the staff scanned the passport page and gave them back to us without any issue. The staff was also very accommodating when we switched to the hotel for one night, allowing us to keep the apartment through the evening for no extra charge.I would highly recommend staying at the Concorde if you're looking for a comfortable, clean place to stay within reasonable walking distance of most of the sites. When we needed a taxi, the bell boys were more than happy to get one for us or the hotel taxi was available (more expensive but was convenient). As an aside, we booked day trips with Orient Tours and would highly recommend their trips - reasonable price with excellent service.	
Jan 19 2008	Overpriced	We found this hotel overpriced when one compares it with better hotels for half the price in places such as Singapore and Bangkok and would have included breakfast. It would rate as no more than three stars in Asia.We found the service slack. Room not serviced until 3pm. Bathroom floor not washed during our stay. Getting bell boy up to collect baggage took three attempts.Stroppy attitude in business centre when using the internet. The retaining of passports even though accommodation had been paid for months in advance and almost leaving without them!The Tent coffee shop needing 25 minutes to make a club sandwich despite there being only the two of us in the place. The mind boggles. We told them not to bother.None of the above rates as a four star hotel in our opinion.On the plus side it was in a central location and walkable distance to various locations.	
Nov 8 2007	WOW. What a gem!	Without doubt the best value Hotel I have ever experienced. Spacious accomadation, clean, great location and friendly staff. Our return flight was at 00.30 and we allowed a late check out 4p.m. There are no bar facilities, if this doesn't bother you then you are in for a treat.	
Nov 1 2007 	Very disappointing experience.	Requested to pay full amount upon arrival.Request to keep passport as an additional guaranteeOne evening, back from work, I found the door of my room opened. They just forgot to close it after cleaning (fortunately, nothing was missing in my room).Some staff pay very few attention to the customer: enter in the room in the morning while you are sleeping without looking at the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; red indication hanging at the door's knob...Low dedication to customer satisfaction, with regards to internet connection recurring problems, laundry pick up and delivery, airport pick up, restaurant orders...Food choice is very limited, which is an inconvenient for long stay customers.As a conclusion, I had a very bad experience in every field.This hotel does not diserve its 4 stars.	
May 12 2007 	Good value	Reserved minimum priced room,but was large, with good furnishings and bathroom. Very comfortable mattress and pillows. Room very quiet, even though we were on first floor on busy Al Maktoum Road. Swimming pool not glamourous, but has shady areas (essential in May temperatures) with gym, suana and massage facilities. Would stay again at bargain price of £90 per night .  Breakfast mediocre, but just across the road in Baniyas Road is a 5 star hotel of a famous chain that has wonderful breakfasts for 10 Dirhams more, and two amazing restaurants for dinner, one being the first Gordon Ramsay restaurant outside UK. Small supermarket that seems to sell everything in same block as Hotel Dubai Concorde, and two bigger local supermarkets in road behind hotel. Hotel is walking distance to Deira City Shopping Centre, and the Creek.	
Mar 4 2007	superb deal in deira	this was $94 per night per person and gave us 4* accom within 3 minutes walking distance of Dubai creek. Unless you want the 7* treatment or you want self catering - Id say this was an excellent mid-range choice for dubai and allows you to spend more money in the souks or at the visitor attractions. ps. if you have just won the lottery stay at the royal mirage	
Nov 8 2008 	Ganz nett als Geschäftshotel geeignet		
