Jul 11 2009 	A good hotel and great staff...!	Like many frequent travelers around the world, I always check the reviews on this website to ascertain whether I’d be risking my health by staying there…! At first I was worried as a couple of previous reviews weren’t great and there were no photo’s of the place either…?Though I shouldn’t have worried, I was picked up from Dubai International via a free hotel limo and delivered to the hotel door. The hotel itself is welcoming and efficient, with check-in over in minutes, unlike some places I have visited.The rooms available were wide ranging for both non-smokers and smokers, though smoking outside of your room in the hotel wasn’t tolerated unless in the Churchill’s Bar. I had to settle for a smokers-twin instead of the king-size, but I couldn’t grumble as they were large comfortable beds anyway.In the room you have everything from comfortable bed, large LCD TV, mini-bar (chargeable of course), full internet services, free safe, basically everything you would really need. Also a nice touch I thought was the laminated TV listing to tell you the channels available and in what language.Breakfast was your standard business hotel affair of a buffet layout, I was disappointed with this though, as the sausages were beef and the bacon was veal. Having come from Saudi Arabia I was really looking forward to gorging on a plate of pork…!The hotel bar ‘Churchill’s Bar’ is going to be your main port of call and it’s a welcoming place with good staff, at this point I’d like to thank those staff – the beautiful Jessica &amp; Maricel, Patrick, Menon, Dominic and the manager Othman, all were quick with smiles, laughter and the next round…! Thank you for making my stay so enjoyable. Also I’d to thank Martin the bar’s resident vocalist/singer and his friend Sean for a great night in Dubai and also the many Emirati patrons who frequent the place, who provided many memories I’ll never forget…!Further to the excellent staff was good food, though the menu is limited, it really is, I was recommended to try the ‘Bangers &amp; Mash’ (which is not on the menu), and was treated to a fabulous pork delight, which I had many times. I’d like to also mention Mr. Bernard who was always courteous and asking if everything was OK.Other things to mention are ‘Churchill’s Bar’ has happy hour from 5-7pm, the hotel is connected to the City Centre shopping plaza, the place is huge on three levels you have every brand or name you would want, and was a real pleasure to tour.So would I recommend this hotel to others, Yes, very much so.	
Aug 13 2008	Fair enough for what it is	Why do we come to Dubai? For me, it's business rather than pleasure and that's why I was booked into this Sofitel property. It's getting old, the rooms are unappealing and it will never be more than a business hotel, but the friendly staff and convenient location makes up for this somewhat. I arrived from an overnight flight and was keen to shower before going into meetings. The front desk kindly gave me access to the health club where I managed a dip in the pool as well as a shower. The pool itself, whilst not large, is well maintained and provides welcome respite from the heat. The health club was quite well appointed too, and the staff very friendly. The room was so bland that I can't think of anything to say about it, save to say that it was clean and the bed worked, i.e. I slept. The Churchill Pub downstairs offers the remarkable experience of Emiratis drinking pints and playing darts in their dish dash. The hote's attached to the City Centre mall if you wish to do some shopping or get reasonable chain restaurant food. In fact, with my offices in the same building I never left it's air-conditioned shell from arriving one morning to returning to the airport the next. You won't be upset staying in this hotel, I've been in plenty worse, but there are much better places to stay in Dubai if you have the money and are less concerned about convenience for the airport.	
Mar 29 2008 	OK stay at the Sofitel	We stayed in the Sofitel for seven nights during Easter and were quite happy with our choice, mostly because of the fantastic location, the hotel being adjacent to Deira City Shopping Center. Huge mall with everything you might need. As somebody already wrote, this is a city/business hotel, do not expect to be staying in a beach resort;) The pool area on the roof was OK, althought quite small. The fitness facilities were great. The room was clean, but as a smoking room (for non-smokers) it had unpleasent smell and it felt a bit damp overall. We stayed in the 11th floor in an executive room; don't know how the other rooms measure up. Breakfast was definitely great. The staff of the hotel was not excactly the friendliest, some were even rude. Though this seemed to be somewhat common in shops etc also.	
Feb 18 2008 	You get what you pay for.	We had an early morning flight so booked this hotel for our last night in Dubai as it's very near the airport.The reviews are very mixed here so didn't know what to expect but all in all we were quite happy with the Sofitel, it can't be compared to the beach hotels it's a business hotel in the centre of town.We paid 159Euros per room which isn't expensive by Dubai standards that's why I gave it an above average rating.We had dinner in their steak restaurant where the chef comes to the table &amp; cuts the size of steak that you want he then asks you how much you think it weighs, if you guess within 10gr you don't pay for it, we managed to guess the weight of one to the chefs surprise so we got it free.I would definitely stay here again if I had an early morning flight.	
Dec 6 2007 	Sofitel City Centre Hotel - great location!	We stayed at the Sofitel City Centre Hotel for 4 nights. After much consideration and choice of so many deluxe hotels, we choose this one due to the fact that it was close to the airport and also was attached to a shopping centre for convenience.This forum had some fairly poor report about this hotel so, I didn't have my hopes too high. I am happy to say that I was so glad with my choice. It was infact 5 minutes away from the airport which is great for early flights out. Also the best part was that being attached directly to the Deira City Centre Shopping Centre, after a long day sightseeing, we didn't have to catch another taxi out for dinner or for shopping. The shopping centre has a huge range of shops, restaurants, cafes, fast food outlets, a jewellery court, supermarket, cinemas, a play area called Magic planet for children. etc etc.... endless.The Hotel lobby was very classy, the buffet breakfast was great. The clientelle were business people and tourists. Flight crews etc. The rooms were spacious and to correct a previous post - they did have coffee and tea making facilities. They also supplied a bottle of water daily for teeth brushing. The room service was good and efficient. The rooms were fine , 4+ star. You are not paying for a resort on the beach , so don't expect it.The receptionists were very helpful and courteous and they had a money exchange desk that was comparable to the exchange on the ground floor of the shopping centre.Taxis from the Hotel to the Burj Al Arab were $ 22 Aus. Taxi from the Gold Souq was about $ 11 Aus.We did the Arabian Adventures City of Merchants tour and their Sundowner Dune Safari which were both great. Also Afternoon Tea at the Bur Al Arab was an experience....we had no time for the beach!We enjoyed our stay here immesnsely and would definitely stay here again on a short stopover. If you are staying longer and the beach is your scene, book a resort type Hotel.	
Sep 26 2007 	Not a true Sofitel but still comfortable	We travelled to Dubai for the first time in October 2006 and booked into the Sofitel. Being a Sofitel hotel we expected something quite 'flashy' unfortunately we were let down. The rooms, although comfortable and clean, were not of the standard we expected and were definately not what we expected after looking at the photos on the hotel's website. We suspect that the room photos shown must be the Executive Level suites.The rooms were large with plenty of space for the huge bed, eating area and desk. The bathroom was a good size with great water pressure and loads of hot water - something I am obsessed about when travelling.Our Emirates flight from Australia arrived very early in the morning and I would suggest if arriving this early (6.30 am) that you pay for the extra night so that you have a room to go to when you arrive. We didn't, so spent many hours sitting in the hotel foyer waiting for a room to become available. However we were supplied with complimentary drinks and were able to have breakfast even though we would be charged. It worked out well as we had breakfast included in the cost of the room and as we had an early departure to Paris we were unable to have breakfast on the day we left so in the end it cost us nothing. Also the hotel provides complimentary transfers from the airport which we weren't aware of when we arrived so we would suggest notifying them prior to arrival so that they are waiting, however taxis in Dubai are not expensive. Overall the service, particularly in the resturant, was excellent and the staff were very friendly. We had a few issues with the check-in staff but we feel they were the exception to the rule. We would recommend the hotel to others but if staying in the standard room we would suggest lowering your expectations for the usual Sofitel standard.We are booked in to the hotel in the next month for our second stay, mainly because we couldn't get our chosen accommodation elsewhere however we have booked an executive level suite, fingers crossed it will live up to expectations!	
Jul 17 2007 	Never book a triple at this hotel!	Arrived at 1:00 am. Gave the front desk credit card information for incidentals as room was already paid for through travel agent. Was told that the electricity was not working and therefore they could not issue keys. Was asked to wait in the lobby. An hour later was told electricity was back on, but found that staff had not assigned a room to us. Took another 1/2 hour to get keys. When arrived at the room, no third bed was set-up! What had they been doing for an hour and 1/2? Once additional lumpy rollaway was added to room there was little room to move. Asked front desk to be moved to larger room in morning, was told that all rooms were the same sized. Advised them that they should not sell triples and was told, &quot;The travel agents know the room size.&quot; Found that this hotel and the staff had little customer service skills and less ability to anticipate the needs and expectations of guest. I've been told there are 30,000 hotel rooms in Dubai - pick another hotel for your stay.	
Jul 5 2007 	"More like 3 STARS!"	Booking my stay via the Sofitel website after a pleasant experience at several other Sofitel locations over the past 2 years with my new job I was lookign forward to a 5 star luxe stay after a stressful business trip.My expectation were reasonable, however certainly not met by the Sofitel City Centre.Firstly; checkin was anything but a breeze. Checkin screwed their face up at my e-confirmation I had printed and were unwilling to collect bags from taxi - leaving me to lug large garment cases as I am a buyer for a fashion company.Secondly, the room was stale and boring. At this price point I expect some form of expression in terms of decor. However the Sofitel offers poor quality and worn furniture more suited to a 2 star hostel. Chippping to the desk and bedside table as well as well as stained carpet.I was lookign forward to a dip in the pool as I was not accustomed to the heat of Dubai having flown in from Paris. Pool area was situated badly as the rooftop location meant that wind gusts were constant. Noise traffic from airport and streets invasive.The gym was well equipped which I'd regard as the Sofitels only good point.If shopping is your thing the attached shopping centre is lax, and Dubai has MUCH more to offer in terms of retail.Overall I will not be returning to Sofitel City Centre as I feel this vibrant city has much more to offer at this price point and star rating.	
Jun 4 2007 	Best shopping location	I stayed with my wife third time visiting Dubai, while on our honeymoon.Even as classified as 5 star hotel is nothing special. Would do for a 4-star.We had our honeymoon at the desert, see my review for Al-Maha Desert Resort, and then we came back to Dubai for a few days shopping.Sofitel is Ideal for Shopping. Is in attached to the City Center Shopping Mall and you can shop until you drop.The hotel has a small swimming pool with no much of a pool bar, no fitness facilities, breakfast is average, rooms are okay, but because of the location we are thinking of revisiting.If you are not going to Dubai especially for shopping and you need business facilities and other luxuries this hotel is not for you. With less money you can stay in much, much better!	
Jun 4 2007 	Comfortable stay 	I stayed there 3 days, executive floor (11) excellent service, good room service. Location, next to a huge mall, very practical when you need to shop. If you need to rent a car, go downstairs and negociate at least 30% from the book price. I have no regrets about my stay there, eventhough I left this hotel to stay for the last 4 days of my stay in so called 5 star hotel: One &amp; Only Royal Mirage, horrible service and poor management.Room / price is very good at Sofitel !!!!Go there, you will enjoy :-)	
Apr 4 2007	Perfect hotel for transit	The Sofitel Dubai City Center is the perfect hotel for short stays in Dubai. Only 10min from airport, has shuttle bus. The rooms are very quite but standard and all is in working order. Inexpensive Internet service for laptop avlbl. Nice roof top pool with snack bar.Excellent restaurants at reasonable prices which serve alkohol. Very well trained international staff that is friendly and efficient.Great hotel for business and transit passenger at a good rate.	
Apr 3 2007 	Poor staff attitude	I stayed at this hotel in March 2007. Despite having a reservation guaranteed for late arrival (pre-paid), when I arrived at the hotel at 7pm it was full with no room for me. I was housed overnight in some nearby apartments which were not, in my view, of the same standard. As it was late, I went along with it expecting the next day I might receive some sort of apology or recompense from the hotel. Far from it. Instead I found the staff to be surly and unresponsive when I raised my concerns. Based on my experience, this is a hotel to be avoided, unreliable in honouring its bookings and with a poor attitude to its customers.	
Mar 13 2007	Good Hotel	The location of the hotel is excellent but this is defenitely not a 5***** hotel... it needs a whole lot more than a renovation for the rooms &amp; common areas... i would rather rate it as a 4**** superior, but defenitely not a 5.	
Mar 10 2007	Not recommended	This hotel carries a five star rating, which it clearly does not deserve.The lobby area was drab and unappealing. The pool terrace was equally disappointing. The room was so average and bland I can't even remember it. The restaurant was nothing special either.Staff were however friendly and helpful.The hotel is next to a large shopping centre, which gives lots of dining options and quick access to plenty of shops. The doubledecker sightseeing buses also conveniently stop at the shopping centre.Overall, I didn't like the hotel and expected more as the room rate was not particularly cheap. I would recommend splashing out a bit more to stay at one of the nice beachfront hotels instead - that is certainly what I would do next time.	
Feb 11 2007 	OK but there is better!	I stayed here in Jan. 07. They did pick us up at the airport and took us back at no charge. I did appreciate that. It is attached to the mall which was nice, and I found an internet cafe there that was cheap. I found the service at the hotel to be very good. The downside was the room. Our room had stains in the carpet and a bad smell. I was happy that the window opened to try and get some fresh air. However, since we had a view overlooking the mall, it seemed like all we got was air with the greasy smell of food from the food court at the mall. Taxis are cheap, and it was only about $10 to the historic area and gold/spice souks. Taxi to the beach at Jumeriah was only about $20. I booked this hotel because hotels.com showed this as a 5* at the cheapest price $200/night with taxes. I am most certain this is not a 5*. I found the gym and sauna to be very good, and I even took a step aerobics class there which was great.	
Feb 5 2007 	Bad Service Facilities and Location	Paying $400(which was a travel industry discount rate) i was expecting outstanding service, a beautiful room, and an excellent location. However i recieved NONE. CHECK IN:Painful, SLOW, and umcomfortable. It took 10 minutes for my bags to be brought from my taxi to the desk. They then placed me in a SMOKING ROOM when i e-mailed to confrim i wanted NON SMOKING. I Was moved after 30 minutes.STAY:I stayed in a standard delux room. My KING bed was simply 2 single begs stuck together creating a huge annoying gap in the middle!....Overall the room was tired, you could hear the planes landing at the nearby airport. Only good thing was its size/. actually very big.Hotel staff were unable to connect inbound calls to my room. (problem was because i moved rooms they were unable to change my room number) i now know how russell crowe feels because all i wanted to do was talk to family back home.Internet facilities expensive and no privacy providedLady looking after the business club was rude and staff sent me from the lobby to my room to the lobby to the business centre to my room to the business centee to simply reconfirm my flights as i did not have ID or the original ticketWHen i had checked out and wanted to check my bank balance on net banking on the internet after paying $400 a night the man said i would be charged.Room does NOT include coffee and tean facilities! 5* and does not include these?LOCATION:it is in deria/ But to get to the beach is 2 hours when the traffic is bad and costs a LOT. The shopping centre attached is ok but to get to the bigger malls is 2.5 hours awayOVERALL i would never stay at this hotel again. IT IS NOT value for money.	
Jul 20 2006	When Is Deluxe really deluxe......	As anyone who travels to Dubai knows, the majority of flights arrive at the crack of dawn and its always advisable to alert your hotel of this. I did at time of booking which I was assured was not a problem.Naturally it was, as the hotel were expecting me at 0630 and thanks to great tail winds, I blew in at 0500!! By 0800, they obviously decided I could move from the lobby to a room (the place wasn't full) and expecting the Deluxe room I'd paid for, assummed that a kettle and coffee facilities would be available in it.Not so, the Sofitel Deira Dubai only puts kettles in Executive rooms. WHY? Even the lowliest motel in the outback of Australia gives you a kettle, cup and coffee.... and this they call a 5 star deluxe?I don't think so.	
Nov 1 2005 	Great Location good Service	Great location just 5 minutes from the airport and within the Deira City Centre Shopping Centre, one of the best around. Staff is friendly and efficient, service is good. Very quiet despite location. Average rooms. One of the best gyms in Dubai. Great for shoppers and business travellers. Have stayed there 4 times already between Oct 2004 and Oct 2005.	
Oct 11 2005	Awesome hotel 	Great location, in that it is connected to what is one of the best malls in Dubai. Service is good, and the rooms are very nicely appointed. Location is the best part.	
Sep 22 2004	Great Location	I stayed here for 4 nights in January 2004, the weather was great - apart from that the hotel itself was good, staff very polite and helpful. The rooftop pool (access via the gym) was lovely although overlooking the airport no aircraft noise was heard. The hotel bar has live music and the food within the hotel was good. What makes this hotel good is that it has direct access from the hotel into a very large shopping centre where you can shop, eat, drink coffee or watch a film.	
Jun 5 2004	Perfect little Apartments for our stay in Dubai!	The Sofitel Apartments were more than perfect for us. We had a two bedroom, two bath, living room, kitchen area with two balconies. This was more than enough for 2 adults, two children and the maid. Very clean and spacious with modern conveniences and decor. The staff in the lobby should have been friendlier, but they weren't horrible....just stuffy. The Apartments were just like a little home away from home....HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 	
Jun 18 2008 	Bof ... Moyen		
Dec 1 2007	Plutot un 3 etoiles		
