Jun 9 2009 	nice experience if you are on a tight budget	it was great, although the taxi driver could not find it at first. helpful staff, i had a very nice room and fair breakfast. Was fascinated at what $70 could get me. the bathroom was clean although the hot water did not last for long, and it was 10 degrees celsius in january.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great and cheap hotel if you are in transit	I stayed at Shalimar Park for one one for a stopover and found the place to be just fine. It was the cheapest I could book online at $65 and was very clean, with new furniture and helpful staff. I don't know Dubai well so I'm not sure how good it is in terms of location, but it is quite close to the airport (35 dirhams by taxi).It was, however, quite noisy, especially as it is located right next to a mosque and you can hear the call to prayer as if you were inside the mosque!	
Oct 23 2008 	horrible horrible hotel	arrived at hotel @ 9pm 10/18 &amp; was given a room on the 3rd floor. the view was another apartment building across the road with tenants clothes hanging on a line off the balcony. the bed is as hard as a rock, the shower stall was so small with a dirty shower curtain so it was better to bathe w/o it and let the bathroom flood out rather than have it touch my skin and the water in the face basin would back up as soon as you turned on the pipe. the only towel had yellow and brown stains on it and was so rough it could cut your skin. on top of that they gave me a room that was right next to the garbage room. to add insult to injury after putting out the sign that my room needed to be cleaned it wasnt (i stayed for 2 nights) and to add salt to the wound the hotel is situated right across from a mosque so every 1/2 hr on the hour the prayer music would play so loud it was disturbing and this would go on from 6 am until midnight. the hotel is in a really horrible area that is quite run down with a lot of people always loitering around. i definitely wouldnt recommend this hotel as the people at the reception desk are very rude and not helpful at all. to make matters worse when i was leaving the guy was so rude saying that their credit card machine wasnt working so i would have to pay cash. when i said i didnt enough cash and if so why didnt they put up a sign to let people know he just shrugged off my question and told me to go to a atm and pull money off. i told him absolutely not as that would be a cash advance and i was not going to do it. he then asked how much cash i had and when i said only $80 (the cost was 138.00) he said &quot;let me try c/c machine&quot; and lo and behold conveniently it worked. he had the nerve to add a $10 charge for service charge. i couldnt wait to get the hell out of there. TAKE MY ADVICE. DONT CARE IF IT IS A BUDGET HOTEL, SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND STAY SOMEWHERE MORE ACCOMMODATING, CLEAN, SMELL GOOD AND PEOPLE ARE FRIENDLY AND DONT FEEL LIKE THEY ARE DOING YOU A FAVOR AND NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND!!!	
May 7 2008 	Be careful when choosing this hotel	Positives: Near the airport, near the supermarkets, low cost hotelNegatives: This is located in Deira which is a very busy place. It is very hard to get a taxi. If you plan to stay in this hotel for a holiday, it is better to take tour packages which has hotel pick up. Telephone was not working (at least based on our experience). Don't expect a good breakfast. Place mats on the table are very dirty. Some staff are friendly while others are not. Even though, you have already prepaid your stay through a credit card, the front desk receptionist will ask for your passport as a deposit. Otherwise, he will ask for money equivalent to 1-2 days stay for deposit. Don't give your passport. It is better to give money for your deposit. If you need to take a taxi, leave early in the morning. You can still find taxi in the adjacent major street Naif road during the early morning say between 6:00 to 7:00 am. Good luck.	
