Oct 5 2009 	Good Hotel for a Short Break	Stayed at the Hotel for 8 Nights nice big room big bath as well 32&quot; tv, high speed internet in the room not wireless though cable only.not much of a mini bar but it is a dry hotel. Not a great choice for breakfast but does the job if you want a simple breakfastthe location is not the best 5 minutes from the Deira City Centre Mall which has a wide selection of shops. Problems with taxis being able to find the hotel as there is another one of the same name. But is the suites instead and the hotel is down a quite road out of the way.Nice pool on the roof not busy at all carparking in the basement if you hire a car out.Only problems with the hotel was unstanding each other and on checking out tryed to charge us for breakfast when it was included due to another guest putting breakfast on are room but was corrected when the signature put down for breakfast did not mach mine and the name was not correct on the room. All in all had a great time and would go back to the hotel next time am in Dubai.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very good hotel great service best location	The hotel is brand new, the rooms are big and comfortable. The service is great, staff is kind and welcoming. The clealiness of my room was impeccable. Breakfast is very good and offers a wide variety of choice.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great location close to airport very good hotel but very poor reception staff	The city seasons hotel is a10 mns drive from the airport and so very convenient while on a stopover.It is a modern, comfortable and convenient hotel.The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. They are not cheap but I got a very good last minute deal on opodo.co.uk- 50 euros instead of full price of 350 euros, I think.The location is great for the airport but then it s kind of in the middle of nowhere... The closest attraction is Deira shopping center, otherwise it s just building-finished or under construction but that s Dubai...The only think I didn-t like is the coldness of the receptionist who was telling a colleague off while checking me in... Not very welcoming.However, the people at the entrance were very friendly.As I stayed for a few hours only, I didn-t use any of the facilities and therefore cannot comment on them. All I know is that there is a gym and an indoor pool.	
