	This hotel is certainly not represeing Dubai hospitality	I must say that this is my first time to book in the Dusit chain and i was extremely disappointed. I have booked a 2- bedroom suite for a 2 day vacation for my family with high expectation. The booking reservation that I got clearly mentioned check in time of 2.00PM. I have arrived from another city at 4.00Pm to find the hotel lobby full of families and I did not know why they are waiting. After check in, the receptionist told me that my room is not ready yet and it will be ready in 1 hour time (i.e 5.pm which is already 3 hours after official time) and I have to wait like other families are waiting. The surprise is my room got ready @8.00 pm and we had to wait 4hours for the room. I have complained to the hotel manager that this is not acceptable and that I have lost half a day that I have already for but he said he is sorry and he cant do much for me.Once I checked in the room I found the room to be spacious but furniture very worn out and certainly not representing a 5star hotel.In addition to that, the amount of construction around the hotel is crazy and it took me more than 15 minutes to get to the hotel entrance. I have given my feedback to the corporate guest feedback of Dusit hoping this wont happen to any one elseI strongly advice any visitor to avoid this hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Loved the ambience	We stayed at the Dusit during July and part of August having got a great deal from Hotels.com. and while looking for a permanent apartment as my husband is working in Dubai again. We loved the Dusit and had a great view of Dubai Mall which is so close. Staff were wonderful as were the people who cleaned our room daily and provided clean sheets and towels, water, tea, coffee etc. The sheets are clean but a little tired looking. I think the Dusit, lovely as it is, is now in need of a bit of a room makeover but don't let that dissuade you please. Loved having the turn-down service and chocolates left on our bed. Also liked that you could lie in the bath and watch tv if you opened the french window but mostly loved the wet room. The restaurants are lovely and there is a good choice. Used the gymn on the top floor nightly and the pool is there too.	
Oct 6 2009 	All Perfect	All perfect . Service outstanding and not just complacent.Excellent value for the money.Only future drawback , the new tube is going soon to run just under the the window North side.	
Sep 22 2009 	Dusit: Asian hospitality with a dazzling Bur Arab view	Dusit Hotel is situated at Sheikh Zayed Road at Bur Dubai Area. It is located right across five stars hotels Shangri-la and in front of Al Murooj Rotana yet Dusit's price range is way cheaper. It has Bur Arab views with sorrounding buzzling construction activities of Bur Area. It is walking distance with Dubai Mall, Dubai Financial District (Trade Centre) and downtown Bur Area. Dubai's tourist spots on Jumeirah (Madinat Jumeirah, Bur Dubai) is accessible for a modest taxi fare.I booked two nights stay at 154 USD on www.hotels.com. The rate is less than 100 USD a night which is cheaper in Dubai. I got a prmotional rate exclusive of breakfast. No fuss about it as Duabi Mall is walking distance and a row of resto's aligned Dusit's front facade.The room is clean, the amenities are just like any five star hotels and it is roomy. No free internet and mobile local calls are being charged. (No charges for landline to mobile phones in UAE).Dusit is a gem by its superb location, cheaper price and wonderful service. Must return!	
Sep 22 2009 	A view of the tallest building in the world!	Dusit is situated at Sheikh Zayed Road in Burj Town Area. It is accessible by Dubai Metro and Dubai RTA buses. Walking distance from Dubai Mall, Dubai Financial District and Burj Arab Building. A good location for touring Dubai's popular sopts such as the Burj Al Arab Hotel, Madinat Jumeirah and the Palm with a modest taxi fare.It is located right across Shangri-la and in-front of Al Murooj Rotana but the price is cheaper. The hotel is roomy. The hotel's linen are crisp and clean. The toilet is clean and sparkling new.I spent my mornings drinking coffee overlooking the Burj Arab Building and its sorrounding buzzling construction area. But the views is superbly nice. I booked a standard room that is over 40 sq.m. with plush amenities that I can not ask for more if paying for a five star hotel in Dubai for over less than 100 USD a day! I got a promotional fee from hotels.com for a price of 154 USD for a two night stay. A forty percent slash on regular prices. No breakfast is included in this price range but restaurants are lining outside the hotels and a walk across Dubai mall will cost you less than having it at the hotel.Dusit is a five star hotel with superb services at a cheaper price in a perfect location. I would definitely return!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Business Hotel	A super location in an iconic tower, I really enjoyed my stay here. Used the executive floor option, car pick up at the airport was flawless and the lounge has great food and drink offerings through the day. Great bed and Thai service is always hard to beat.	
Aug 28 2009 	Absolutely Magnificant	Stayed at the Dusit Thani in Dubai for 9 nights on our first trip to Dubai.The hotel was magnificant, the room was a Deluxe Room and it was lovely, especially the bathroom. Had food in the Benjarong Restaurant, My Bar and the Deli. All the food was quickly served, looked great and tasted even better.All the staff we encountered were great, courteous, helpful and always pleasant and very eager to please.Woulld definately recommend this hotel. There is building work going on in front of the hotel but you would never notice this unless you went outside.	
Aug 23 2009 	Average but not average	we have spent 4 night at the hotel, for the first two, there were no shampoo or body lotion just body shower gel... we had to call and ask if they had on the third night.kitchenette is a bit smelly.other than that everything was ok.	
Aug 15 2009 	Very good hotel with a touch of Thailand	I've stayed 3 nights in the Dusit Dubai in a Deluxe room on the 32nd floor. The hotel is part of a Thai hotel chain. The reception is beautiful with Thai accents and some Thai staff but the rooms are a bit outdated, and they don't show their Thai heritage. The bathroom is very spacious and beautiful with lots of marble. Aircon is working good and is very quit.The pool quite small but nice. It's on the top 35th floor. It is open air but surrounded by large walls which keep the sun away. At temperatures above 40 degrees Celcius that is a plus.The hotel has several restaurants and bars including -of course- a Thai restaurant. Room service was OK but a bit expensive. There is a 24 hour supermarket nearby. If you give the concierge your shopping list they will get it for you. Great service!If you didn't bring your laptop there are free internet terminals on the 1st floor. Most hotels still charge for wired internet.The best thing about the hotel is it's very high service level. The staff is very friendly and will go to great lengths to assist you.Rates (without breakfast) are good at 400 AED (around EUR 90) for this 5 star hotel. The summer promotion was great with free roundtrip airport transfers with a BMW 730Li and a 20% discount on food and drinks. Recommendend!	
Jul 27 2009 	Thai Oasis	Staying usually in other hotels linked to our company we made a choice and stayed at Dusit which turned out to be an awsome exerience. Even the Hotel being a little old and in need for a room refurbishment it was certainly complimented by the whole experence. Fromt the greeters to the Receptionists and Managers we found all to e on top of their game and absolutly Thai-Thai. We did expected a Spa but were told that this is in planning, the Gym is well equipped. we took a Club package and were glad we did - not just because of the special deal but mainly because of the extra touches and the amzing Team on the 34th floor. They have coffee cocktails to die for and some had a very special &quot;kick&quot;. Staff overall really made the difference and certainly made us choose to stay at Dusit again, Well done and Thank you.	
Jun 17 2009 	A good hotel that has a great value for price	We stayed at the Dusit Thani for a long weekend in Dubai, at the end of May. We were two couples so we chose to stay in a two bedroom suite.The hotel is a typical Thai hotel, our suite had spacious bedrooms, well equipped and large bathrooms, a living room with fully equiped kitchen. The service was good, with great staff, always smiling and always willing to go the extra mile for your comfort. It was a pleasure tipping them, as they deserved it! There is also a swimming pool with a bar, the bartender makes great cocktails and he was chatty and friendly. They also have a gym and a jacuzzi witch we enjoyed a lot, but it is a bit uncomfortable to sit in it, but that did not stop us. They miss a spa/massage center for whom is interested in such.You can also find great restaurants, Italian, Thai, a buffet is offered for lunch, and also a bar with great atmosfere.The price for the suite was about 400€ for 3 nights, which is a good price for the services offered.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Location View 	I absolutely fell in love with this hotel. Great location. Great Service, Spacious Rooms. VERY nice bathrooms. Great Food. And top of it all, the swimming pool. On the last floor without clearing and gorgeous view over Dubai's main road (Shiekh Zayed). Immediately next to the business area with convenient transportation. Actually w/in walking distance from the DIFC in good weather. A must visit hotel.	
May 27 2009 	Huge room great view and decent price	We stayed at Dusit Thani Dubai in the end of May 2009 and we booked it through a Norwegian online travel agent as that gave us the best deal. The price was about 780 NOK (at the moment about 120 USD) pr. night including all taxes but excluding breakfast. Due to this I sent in a request for an upgrade to Club level and after getting various responses, I asked for the upgrade costing 204 AED (including taxes) (about 55 USD) per night.We arrived after midnight and check in was pretty fast and efficient. But the reception was not like the one you would get at a 5 star hotel in e.g. Thailand. But as this is a Thai hotel branch the staff did great us with the wai and took care of our suitcases. We got room number 2912 on 29th floor (it seems like the hotel rooms are only from level 24 to level 35) and it was a Grand Dusit room – this means that we got a corner room with views in two directions. When we first entered it was easy to see that this was a large room. When we came in the door there was a work desk to start with and in the rest of the room there was a sofa, two chairs, a table, a big 42” flat screen TV and a coffee making machine (similar to Nespresso). There was also a large plant, a mini bar under the TV (one Heineken was 34 AED and a Pepsi was 19 AED). The floors were covered with a darkish green carpet and the walls were light. There was a large window opposite of the door and from this there was a nice view of The Dubai Mall, Burj Dubai (the world’s tallest building), The Address hotel etc.From this room there were two doors leading into a bedroom and from the bedroom into the bathroom – all in all the room was about 60 square meters (645 square feet). The bedroom had a HUGE bed but it was a bit too hard for us as we are used to a softer bed from back home. The frame was a bit dangerous as it stuck out in the corners and it was very easy to bump into. The bedroom also contained wardrobes, a mini safe that you could lock with a credit card (quite clever) and even a small CRT TV. The bedroom had a separate air-con so we could have a different temperature than in the living room – excellent.The bathroom was also quite large and contained a sink and a bathtub visible when walking into the room. Over the bathtub there was a view of Sheikh Zayed Road and as usual there were lots of amenities ranging from shaving stuff, toothbrushes, combs, bath salt etc. The bathroom also contained a toilet hidden behind a glass door and a shower also hidden behind a glass door - quite a clever setup in my opinion. There were no blinds on the window in the bathroom so it did light up the bedroom in the morning but it was not a huge problem.The breakfast of the hotel is served on the 24th floor and once again with some nice views. The breakfast itself was not as lavish as you would find at 5 star hotels in Asia but the breakfast was more than sufficient and included a station where you could get your eggs made on the spot, there were bread (and a really bad toaster), Danish pastry, a small selection of cereal and muesli, fruit etc.As we also had Club level access we also had access to the lounge on 34th floor. We didn’t spend that much time there but it was great to go there after a long day in the hot weather of Dubai to enjoy an ice cold Singha beer – they also had Tiger and Heineken. The alcoholic drinks were free from 6 pm to 8 pm. They also had a small selection of appetizers in the lounge but there were of vary various quality – some quite excellent and some completely horrible. So there is still potential for improvement when comparing with the Club lounge in e.g. Trades in KL :-) The lounge did have wireless internet and even laptops that could be used so this was an excellent service.The pool and gym in on the 36th floor of the building and the pool is outside on the very top of the building. There is quite a bit of shade there due to the construction of the building but it didn’t matter for us as it was 40 degrees in the shade. But it was quite a decent pool.The location of the hotel is on Sheikh Zayed Road near Burj Dubai, Dubai Mall etc. The problem at the moment is that they are still working on making the intersection near the hotel and hence there are lots of temporary roads – due to this the taxi drivers sometimes had trouble finding out how to bring us back to the hotel. We did have to take a taxi whenever we wanted to do stuff - as Dubai has spread out I guess this will be the case for most hotels. It might be a bit better when the Dubai metro starts operating in 2009/2010 – we did see them test running the metro so I guess it will be open soon. Note that the hotel do try to get guests to use the hotel taxi that also runs on a meter but this seems to be a bit more expensive than the public taxis – so just ask for a regular taxi.We left on the morning of May 25th and we were taken to the airport in the hotel limousine – a nice BMW 730. Dusit Thani Dubai is definitely a hotel I would choose to stay at again if I got the same kind of deal. But there are also some negative issues that I would like to mention while I’m at it. My wife needed a visa for Dubai and the hotel did not seem to be that interested in helping out in this process as we had booked through a travel agent and not directly at the hotel. In the end I had to write them and tell them that we would love to stay there but without a visa we would not come and there would be no business for them. It was also confusing to get various prices on the prices for upgrade and what was included or not. We got fruit served in the room and some of the fruits were typically South East Asian fruits…dragon fruit, mangosteen etc. But these all seemed to be too old so I did not dare to eat them. Internet was supposed to be included in the room but there was not wi-fi. And when I plugged in the PC I could not get the internet to work and eventually the hotel had to send a guy to set up the proxy for me as the main server was down. In the end it was fixed :-)But all in all – we had a very nice stay at Dusit Thani Dubai and I would not mind staying there again or recommending it to friends. We had a lovely big room for a great price and the perks of the Club level was well worth the money.	
May 9 2009 	Amazing Dusit - service is what sets it apart.	I was attending a conference in Dubai and stayed over at the Dusit Thani Dubai. Being a Thai hotel I was expecting good service but I they managed to exceed my expectations again!The room I stayed in, Dusit Club, was adequately sized and everything worked perfectly. I had problems with the unusual and unique room keys but that was just me. The hotel had a shuttle service to the convention center, as with all other hotels, but they had something that really set them apart. Two members of staff were stationed at the shuttle bus area, both in uniform - Rasheed and Mark. They welcomed everyone with a Dusit Thani sign and when you identified yourself as a guest they would hand you a cold towel and a bottle of chilled water. If you've never been in a desert city in summer you could not imagine how precious those two simple things are! They escorted our little group of Dusit guests to the shuttle and sent us off with a 'wai' the traditional Thai greeting of clasped hands and a bow. Other so called 5 star hotels did not have this service and their guests would just look at us with envy.Then in the hotel the service staff, many were Thai, were all attentive, smiling, and made eye contact, ready to meet your requests. I forgot my laptop charger and tried to ask the reception if they had a 'spare' one. Well they did and the lady simply handed me the correct charger. Normally a hotel would ask you to sign a paper and remind you that if you didn't return it on check out you will be charged for it. Not here. Just a smile and a &quot;please don't forget to bring it back&quot;.Everyone from the bellman to the restaurant staff conveyed a sense of happiness to see you and met you with a smile.The hardware was good, the software was excellent. I am completely impressed and a lifelong fan of Dusit hotels.	
Apr 22 2009 	Very Buisiness Hotel	Very nice spa in the hotel	
Apr 16 2009 	Service with heart - and COMMENDABLE HONESTY!	Stayed in Dusit 03-07 April 2009. Booked from a 3rd-party website and got a very reasonable price for a 2-bedroom suite for family of 4 (parents and 2 young children). The hotel is located at Sheik Zayed Road, and the ongoing construction (roads and monorail) around the hotel have forced the closure of the front entrance - so everybody have to use the back entrance. However no construction sound can be heard from the hotel, and that is a relief. Check in was quick and efficient. Added a good valued breakfast + airport transfer package based on suggestion from the very helpful front office lady. The hotel is a Thailand hotel chain, so everybody wais (greet a la Thai) to you. The hotel is very nice with large open space lobby, and have very good restaurants . The only hassle is that to get to the restaurants we have to go down to lobby and switch elevators. This is due to the odd shape of the hotel, and the suite rooms are located at the outer fringe of the building. But it also gives the suite rooms a very nice view of the Burj Dubai Tower next door. The room is very nice and big, complete with mini kitchen and huge LCD TV, and very comfy sofa. There is another (regular) TV in the Master Bedroom. However the 2nd bedroom's bathroom only have small shower with shower curtains - so the kids ends up using our bathroom. The temperature-controlled swimming pool is not too big, but due to its shallowness is good for young children. The gym is relatively small, but have good equipments. Check-out and departure was very quick, and the hotel BMW took us to the airport on time. All hotel employees were very helpful and smiling, and we can see they all tried very hard to give the best service possible. During departure, a 170 Kuwaiti Dinar (almost $600!) roll of bills was accidentally left behind in the Master Bedroom safe. The hotel called me in the evening to inform this even before I rummaged through my backpack for it. They offered to subtract my credit card bill using the money to save the hassle of trying to do transfers. This is AMAZING! I never expect something like this to ever happen in my life! They found your money and return it and even make the adjustments necessary to save you the hassle of money transfer! This is almost UNBELIEVABLE but yet it did happen! Talking about service excellence, and this is a very good example of one! Dusit Dubai have just gained a lifelong customer. From this point on, we will always stay at Dusit Dubai whenever we're visiting Dubai!	
Apr 3 2009 	not bad!	its the very first time i stay in a Dusit , got a very good rate for a one bedroom suite , location is good , the hotel itself is massive , but it could be made into a very luxurious hotel , specially that i has the basics of a fancy hotel but it lacks those final touches like an efficient service , an exclusive breakfast buffet , a nice gym , and a nice pool ...etc. , but for a rate of 750 AED , its ok , some major road rennovations are taking place right on the main entrance so be careful to use that other back door entrance .	
Jan 15 2009 	different taste but very comfortable one!	One of my favorite one or 2 nites stay in Dubai. I stayed once for 7 nites with kids. Rooms,sweet and appartmenst are always well designed.., however there is excessive use of ambient light ( especially appartment , feel you are in a grave if you do not have a sun facing window.Recently the hotel put flat screens in all rooms , instead of a very outdated tubes. This is not a joke..but the bathroom, in particulary the shower , and the mattress quality are fatal attractions for my stop overs. The location is next to the new Burj Dubai, and constructions around the hotel made the access to the hotel a convuloted one..The wifi is free in common area.. the loby is very relaxing.., the lobby cafae is one of Dubai's hidden jewels.., the open air jackozi is the best thing, in roof health club, the excercise room is very small and not inviting!, the bussiness lounge is a terrific place to work! very quiteThe staff are mostly from phillipine (polite and very friendly).., do not be distracted by the rigid Thi receptionist you will enjoy the stay , and you are in the middle of Dubai attractions.., when you book a suite you get BMW airport transport (nice!)..you do not travel to east Asia, you will love this hotel, and if you do you will like ithope this help	
May 26 2008 	Shiny new Dusit in Dubai	I stayed on business for just a night at the Dusit Thani in Dubai. It overlooks the very busy Sheikh Zayed Road, but is well enough insulated to avoid any noise. It is on the 24-34th Floors of a skyscraper, and has a swimming pool open to the elements on the top floor; pretty good for a morning swim. it is a Thai chain so service is smiling and discreet.	
May 7 2008 	Okay hotel comfy bed	I expected more from a hotel in Dubai but this one was okay. The room I stayed in was a suite and as such was quite large. The bed was comfortable and the toiletries in the bathroom were luxurious. One problem with the bathroom though – it was a little stinky. The smell was kind of damp, like there needed to be a window in there or something.The hotel’s pool is located on the top floor of the hotel and is clean. If you are looking for a sunny spot, wait until about noon or so to go up. The staff in this area were friendly and served free fruit to those sitting around the pool.If you are in Dubai looking for luxury, this may not be your best bet. I was not overly impressed but because the room was clean and the room service was good I do not have any real complaints	
Apr 15 2008 	It's all about the finer details!!	My Beau and I spent 4 nights at the Dusit Dubai and were not best impressed. We booked at the Dusit on the basis of its current weekend promotion of AED 800 (approx $218 exclusive of taxes) Thur to Sat, and the room rate for sunday was AED 1600 (approx $436 ) - Not quite sure how long this promo will run for - but so far the best weekend package we've found in Dubai for a 5 star hotel within this period.- room service: fast but over the top expensive for the quality of food provided. I recommend the Chowder soup (best item on the menu) insure they serve it hot! I've ordered it twice and it came slightly warm 2nd time round). If you fancy a bite after a long night of partying, just across the hotel (opposite by the main Sh. Zayed road) you will find yourself spoiled for choice; the French Bakery (open 24hrs) - Zait W Zaatar (lebanese bakery - try the falafel sandwhich or halloum cheese filling with some ground beef ,yum yum) or stop at Emirates petrol station bakeria for fresh mini pizza bites and/or hotdog sandwhich. -Hygiene: generally clean - except for some dust in the unused areas in the toilet and inside the cupboards. There was also some form of residue in the toilet hose nozzle (ew ew, I was told by a Doctor these hose nozzles if not correctly cleaned do contribute to transfering urinary tract infections). on the 3rd night, we came back to find our Duvet cover tucket cheekily between 2 bed sheets and not a duvet cover which is unacceptable for a 5 star hotel. PS: their pillows are not comfortable - ask for more pillows!- Security: good security however I was followed and stopped by a security personnel as I walked into the elavator,insisting on knowing which room I was in!! I was furious because I was dressed decently, and was on my 2nd night at the hotel. As a paying guest, that hit a nerve. Yes Dubai is filled with red patent leather wearing women, however should a hotel not want them in their rooms - why let them enter the hotel in the first place. Throughout our stay we've noticed security gaurds by the elevators instead of the main hotel doors stopping these bright minimally clothed women of entering the elevators escorting them out infront of all guests. Personally, I don't think their security strategy works!! - Splash: pool and fitness area was nice, on a clear day you get to see a wonderful view of Dubai and snippets of the Palm. The area is closed with glass windows and an open ceiling with a bar at the corner. - Hotel Saloon: I don't recommend Rose (1 nail specialist available) unless you were out of choices. The hair team are alright, a bit expensive it cost me AED 150 (approx $40) for a quick hair wash and blow dry. - Location: perfectly located, the best feature of the hotel in our opinion.Since I've worked closely with major hotels in my country, I understand how important quality management is for hotels, esp in a city like Dubai, where hotels seem to sprout faster and more often than the country's annual birth rate! I've contacted the mgt team and for an apology they sent me a cake (it was my birthday) and a box of chocolate dates with a printed apology letter.	
Dec 5 2007 	Comfortable stay at the Dusit	We have just returned from five nights at the Dusit in Dubai, on a work and leisure trip. The hotel is very suitable for business travellers. It is comfortable, relaxed and an ideal working environment. Numerous dining options, all of which offered great service, varied menus at good prices. Rooms superb with fantastic views, particularly of the construction of Burj tower. Well equipped and maintained, fantastic bathroom and tub. The swimming pool and bar on the pool deck are draughty and wouldn't entertain the leisure traveller for long. Staff efficient and friendly. Hotel well located. Approx 10-20 mins from Airport in one direction and 10-20 mins from Jumeirah in the opposite directions, cost approx £4. Hotel well served by taxis. Like most of Dubai, the hotel is surrounded by a huge amount of ongoing construction, however this is not noticeable within the hotel.Would certainly stay here again, an oasis of calm in a very hectic area.	
Sep 23 2007 	Nice alternative in Dubai	The Dusit aims to give you a little chunk of Thailand for your stay in Dubai. It is very quiet, calm and mellow and this may appeal to some in this frenetic city. It's at the furthest end of the built-up portion of Sheikh Zayed Rd. One immediate positive was the shorter transfer time ex-DXB. Instead of getting snagged up on Sheikh Zayed Rd. there is a new-ish back road running parralel which gets you there double quick.The rooms were very pretty and under-stated, above average on style points for Dubai. Standard rooms just fine for space. Good desk area by the window but expensive internet (100aed per day) did mount up. You get some cute shutters in the bathroom, which you can fling open while soaking in the tub if you want to chat with your room-mate/watch the telly or gawp at the view.This room had the best air conditioning I can remember. I thought it was broken at first, but no, it was just super quiet.The roof-top swimming pool was fun but be aware it is not particularly exposed and in shade for most of the day. (May or may not be a good thing). It was pretty quiet when I went up and a good sized pool. Has its own bar and you can get lunch there if you want.Hotel bar was again quite mellow, but deserted and certainly, if you're alone, you'll feel like a plank with the constant attentiveness, bowing, praying hands etc. Ah yes, the regulation Piano Bar act too. Staff were very pleasant all round.Well, that's the Dusit. Super quiet oasis of calm, very nice, slightly dull.	
Sep 5 2007 	Good but far from 5 star	Stayed at the Dusit for 3 nights while attending a conference - the hotel is good but not at all remarkable. The rooms are a little dated and while they are adequate they are not spectacular. Dubai is a construction site at the moment - especially around the hotel...so the view from my room was not amazing.Breakfast (room service) was okay. I did eat in the Thai restaurant and I would recommend it.	
Aug 22 2007 	Dusit Dubai - Truly 5 Star	The Dusit Dubai is 5 star to a tee. With it's eclectic hotel design, and funky room keys, it's a place of wonder. The service is impeccable, and constant. Someone is always bowing, in the Thai sense, and making sure you are comfortable. I highly recommend the lobby area, and the Nimnum, the waitress from the Deli, she'll fix you up an ice tea, the Thai way, and ensure you're well taken care of. Free WIFI in the lobby, and nomnal charge in the room. Rooms are unique, and quite comfortable. Recommend upgrading to the Club rooms if you can, internet is included, as are drinks in the Club Lounge, which offers a Board room meeting area, and meeting areas off the beaten path at no additional charge. On the rooftop is the pool, and work out facility. Treat 'em right, and they'll take good care of you. MY Bar downstairs is a bit to ecclectic for me, personally, but the beer's cold, music is decent, and the Bartendresses will keep you entertained.	
Jul 17 2007	good hotel good location nice pooldeck	I have been staying many times in the Dusit, for me this is a great location, good hotel, good service, only the beds are not that comfortable.	
Jul 9 2007 	Excellent hotel excellent service	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Dubai Dusit. I arrived at 11am, after a flight from Kabul, and a few hours before the permitted check in time. No rooms of the class I had booked had been serviced by housekeeping at that time, so the reception staff upgraded me to a one bedroom suite, which was extremely comfortable.Both the restaurant food and the food from room service was delicious. The choice was extensive and the staff were all extremely helpful.The room was immaculate and the bathroom was large and beautifully fitted out.As it is located in the business district, I was concerned that the hotel was some distance from the airport, but the new bridges that have opened in Dubai made the journey time around 20 minutes and even less in the early morning.I would recommend this hotel highly.	
May 16 2007 	Great hotel great experience	The rooms are very confortable, the bathrooms are great. separate WC, shower, sink and bathtub. Toiletteries are also great quality. The lobby area is beautiful and service is just amazing. Room service is much better than other hotels I stayed at in Dubai (Number One, Traders, etc.). Breakfast, when not included on your rate, can be expensive: about 100 dirhams for the buffet, but you can go downstairs and for 40 dirhams you have a continental breakfast at the Deli. I would definately stay here again.	
Mar 27 2007	Very nice business hotel in Dubai	I had a two-night stay at the Dubai Dusit while in transit in the Middle East. I selected the hotel due to a reasonable rate and other reviews on this site.The Dusit is an excellent business hotel, with outstanding service all around. The room was first class and very clean. My room faced the main road (Shiek Zayed), and there was some noticable street noise late into the night, even through the room was on the 30th floor.The rooms at the hotel begin on the 26th floor, leading up to the pool on the 34th floor. Most of the hotel restaurants are on the 24th floor. The Thai restaurant was excellent as expected, but the Friday brunch buffet did not meet expectations.The pool is on the rooftop, and is quite small and very shielded from the sun, as other reviews have noted.Overall, this property is highly recommended for the business travel.	
Mar 14 2007	weighted towards business stays	A group of us stayed 3 nights here for the Dubai 7's rugby competition. Got upgraded from a triple room to a spacious very well appointed 2 bedroom apartment in compensation for not picking our party up at the airport. Freebies such as the daily bottled water, nuts, wine gums and a &quot;relaxation&quot; pack were a welcome bonus. Included in our stay was access to the Dusit Executive Lounge so as you can imagine, this being a rugby trip, all the lads took full advantage of the free bar between 12pm and 10pm, afternoon tea and evening canapes. Free internet access was also available. Breakfast in the PAX restaurant was decent enough, adequate choice which included steak cutlets cooked to order. Nightly bands played here during the evenings. The bar on the ground floor offered a trendy setting with a pianist. After staggering downstairs when the Executive Lounge closed, we used our welcome drinks vouchers, and kept going back to Concierge to get a further 5 free drinks each!!. Cheap night, great thai hospitality. Bar closes 1am. Swimming pool on the rooftop was nicely appointed but unfortunately, the weather that weekend was cloudy and rained for the majority of our stay. The hotel is quite impressive but seems to be located at the tail end of the main road. You need a taxi to get everywhere but it is cheap to get around. For shopping, I would recommend Mall of the Emirates which includes the giant snow dome for kids. Hotel is geared toward business stays, but also ok for short leisure stays.	
Feb 19 2007	A Perfect Business Hotel	I chose this hotel specifically because of its central location as I was in Dubai on business. It is a lovely hotel, five star but not so grand that it feels unwelcoming. The open central atrium is beautiful. The staff appeared to be mostly Thai and couldn’t have been friendlier or more helpful. The deli-style cafe in the lobby is very relaxed and sells a great selection of tasty sandwiches. The buffet breakfast in the main restaurant was very good. One evening I had the mixed Asian buffet dinner but was unimpressed with many of the dishes.My room was well sized with excellent facilities, although it was rather dark, with just one corner window with wooden blinds. Tea/coffee making facilities were available in the room and the complimentary water was also restocked generously. The bathroom was lovely, with separate glass shower and toilet cubicles, a marble basin with a great selection of quality toiletries, and a bath with a connecting window to the bedroom (I guess you can watch TV from the bath if you are taller!). The fresh orchids are a lovely touch. My only criticism was that the shaving/make up mirror was too high as I am only five feet tall.I was given a room on the executive floor, which meant I could use the executive lounge. It was well equipped with newspapers and magazines, the staff were very efficient and a nice selection of tasty free snacks was provided.Unfortunately I didn't have chance to visit the pool area so I can't comment on the lsisure facilities.	
Oct 13 2006	Delightful	The Dusit Dubai is a beautifully designed building shaped in the hand greeting gesture known to Thai people as the 'wai.' Being a Thai hotel, the hospitality and service given were no less Thai than to be expected of a hotel in Thailand. The staff was friendly and always helpful, going out their way to assist in whatever way they can, which made our stay even more enjoyable.Set in the business district, the Dusit has good access to the main tourist attractions such as the mall of the Emirates, the Jumeirah beach and the Souks in Deira City.Rooms were uniquely laid out with all the mod cons you expect from a 5 star hotel. The hotel actually consists of some serviced apartments too which take up one side of the building. At night the splash pool on the upper deck becomes a fantastic dining/lounge area were guests are often seen smoking shisha.Must do's in the city include a visit to the gold &amp; spice souks - if you are looking for a bargain, head for the Gold Souk &amp; Naif Souk in Diera City. The best way to reach this is by using the &quot;abra&quot;, the ferry, across the creek from Bur Dubai to the Old Souk Station - all for half a dirham, the best way! Then there are the many shopping malls to choose from.If you would like a bit of culture, head for Bastakiya - the Old Quarter which is currently being renovated.lore the quiet alleys and housed set in courtyards with traditional wind-towers.	
May 17 2006 	A home away	Been greeted with the nice Thai check-in staff upon arrival. Being familiar with several Dusits in Thailand, they are really keeping a good level of service here in Dubai.My standard room on the 28th floor was really neat, cool, and comfortable. A great design and functions that revived us after a hot and tired days in the desert. A great varieties of breakfast which are tasty, though should have some oriental sections...Some let down are swimming pool and fitness , which were not as practical by the way. Location is a little off the end of the main road. Not a problem for business traveller. But in few years when Burj Dubai comes to live this will be a really hot spot.Last impression was the helpful checkout staff, we've got an increadible late checkout which really saved our departure day. Will definitely stay there again...	
May 2 2006 	Good business hotel but little souless	Stayed at hotel whilst my husband attending conference here. It is definitely a business hotel and I would certainly not recommend it if you were coming on holiday.Excellent position for a business hotel as close to commercial area at one of junctions on Sheik Zayed road. Imposing architecture. Views all round of business area and when business area building completed could feel quite hemmed in. But for the moment, the view over the emerging Burj Dubai are quite amazing! But you really are looking over a vast building site from two aspects of the hotel! We stayed in Junior suite. Bedroom really excellent - large with American king bed and large modern bathroom with bath, separate large shower, lavatory with glazed door. Fresh orchids in both bathroom and bedroom. Molton Brown toileteries. Separate sitting room which was very darkly furnished - not very attractive. But large plama TV in both sitting room and bedroom. Large working desk in bedroom and wi fi access. The bedroom was exceptionally quiet with no plumbing noises at all. YOu could the muffled sound of the traffic from the road below but this is very minor.Free internet access is available on the mezzanine floor.Criticisms:1. The hotel has a somewhat soulless feel. The main entry area for reception and meeting has not much character and the smokey atmosphere was very evident. There is free wi-fi access though in this area.2. The pool is on the top 36th floor - As the roof of the hotel rises to an apex above this pool there is very little direct sun on the pool. It is very much a place for people to relax at end of day but no way is condusive for a day time session in the sun. Pool staff very attentive though. Food very limited at this area.3. Breakfast is very expensive for what is offered - very basic buffet and not particularly good quality. Service poor.4. Everywhere in hotel there is some form of music playing - even the TV in the bedroom is left on a music channel after morning cleaning and evening turn down! The pool area has constant Radio i or Radio 2 playing at a level which is quite intrusive.5 Food in Italian restaurant very good indeed but not many other diners.So in conclusion, excellent if you are looking for a good, reasonably priced business hotel in good position for accessing business areas but in no way a hotel for a holiday visit.	
Apr 23 2006 	An excellent hotel	I stayed two nights at the Dusit Dubai on my way back from the UK to New Zealand. The porter was smiling and quick to grab my bags from the car and the check-in staff were also very friendly and fast. My standard room high up on the 31st floor was immaculately clean, with fresh flowers and a great view of the city. There were wooden blinds to control the sunlight as well as a heavy curtain to block out any light or city noise. The complimentary water was also a nice touch - in Milan, I had to pay for it. The bathroom was well lit with a large high-pressure shower and a bath you could watch TV from. I was impressed with the thoughtfullness of having a TV speaker in the bathroom ceiling and also the floor lighting under the TV cabinet, which I assume is for people who wish to sleep with a light on? There were no payperview movies, but there was a continuous free movie channel, and BBC World, which I always like. Bedroom lighting was soft and relaxing whilst still more than adequate to work or read under and the large armchair in the corner of the room was very comfortable. I'm not sure if the walls were sound-proofed, but I did not hear any noises from the rooms either side of me. Room service staff were always very friendly and fast with the deliveries, which were all well presented on the plate. I found the water in the roof-top swimming pool on level 36 to be luke-warm, with just enough breeze across the deck chairs to counter the hot sun. The staff at the pool-side splash bar were also fast and friendly. Lastly, the photos of the hotel on the Dusit website are accurate. The rooms and facilities really do look like that. :)I will definately stay here again.	
Apr 11 2006	Hmmmmmmm - 5 star? I think not.	We stayed here after having stayed at Le Meridien - no comparison. Most of the staff are friendly enough - a lot are even helpful but it's the same old story - a few poor ones give a really bad impression of the place. The food is pretty average and the facilities - especially thr gym laughable. The swimming pool is on the top floor (50th) and even on the warmest Dubai day is freezing! There are about 12 sunbeds round a tiny pool. Oh and we tried to watch a movie one night but they don't have a pay movie system!!! Give it a miss - it really is a one night stopever business hotel and nothing more.	
Nov 25 2005	elegant luxury		
Oct 4 2005	Great hotel not best for tourists		
Sep 1 2005	Don't go for dinner		
Aug 25 2005 	Excellent Hotel		
Aug 22 2005 	new hotels are hot and almost new hotels are out		
Aug 1 2005	excellent hotel		
May 19 2005 	Excellent service loved it		
Mar 25 2005 	Fantastic Hotel but location leaves something to be desired		
Dec 31 2004	Great hotel!!		
Nov 28 2004	This place is awful		
Oct 2 2009 	hotel grandioso ma costoso		
Sep 24 2006 	Un excellent hôtel pour un séjour professionnel		
