Nov 25 2009 	Very good	Very good stay and as expected like any other good holiday inn express. The breakfast is complimentary and the fitness centre is open 24hrs. The only downside was the internet access, they charge you a flat 20aed for 1hour, so if you want to check your email it's still 20aed for a few minutes. Everyone nowadays need internet access when on the go, I think holday inn need to re-think their policy on internet usage.	
Nov 23 2009 	The best!	We travelled with a family of 5 and an elderly woman. Wonderful hotel, brilliantly friendly staff ( especially Mohammed at the reception desk)- we liked it more than the 5* hotel we also stayed at in Dubai ( which shall remain nameless). Definitely worth going- the BEST FOOD you will have in a long time.	
Oct 24 2009 	Value for Money	This hotel is located better than the other two Holiday Inn Express hotels available now in Dubai. The hotel is very close to Shaikh Zayed Road. It is really a good value for money in Dubai.	
Oct 14 2009 	They understand customers	In the beginig I had bad surprise when I compared the very low rates of october 2009 with the high rates that I have paid in advance (non refundable) when I did my reservation in march 2009. I used to think that prepaid payment offers good prices, but not in Dubaï this year, I had an awfull regret because it's not refundable and of course impossible to cancel and book again with the discount price.But after a few phone calls and emails , I found an a agreement with the manager, a deal honest for me and for the hotel (It seems that it's hard time for the hotel business in Dubaï) .So as an intercontinental group hotel, they have good customer service standart. Stay calm and polite with them, understand their point of view and they will understand yours	
Sep 24 2009 	excellent choice	good location, withing short driving distance to most of attractions in Dubai. clean, nicely furnished rooms. and most importatntly very affordable price.the only thing i didn't like about the hotel is the breakfast, which i found to be very poor. with with this excellent rate, breakfast is no big dealwill definitely recommend it	
Sep 23 2009 	Ok Hotel clean but watch out when paying during checkout!	Our stay was just ok at best! we didn't stay at the hotel very much except to sleep and &quot;eat&quot; in the morning. the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was ok at best, they didn't have much variety at all! some bread, cereal, milk and juice is all you'll get. I liked the clean lobby and entrance areas. The front desk people weren't that friendly, except for a nice Vietnamese girl, unfortunately we saw her only once upon our initial arrival! the others we're not rude per say, but acted clever and tried to rip you off in a sly sort of way. There was also so much noise in the hallways upstairs we even had to call security! We had clearly payed for our room thru Orbitz before leaving for Dubai and even had a print out of our receipt with us. Upon checking out, 2 days later, they said the receipt was invalid and told us it was only a reservation, not an actual receipt! After some arguments we ended up paying for the room (again), just so we could shut those guys up because we weren't going to win our argument. After coming back from our trip we checked our credit card statement and guess what we saw? Obviously, the double charge for our room! After some appealing and disputing several times with our credit card company investigated the matter and kindly refunded our money back. WHAT A HEADACHE!!	
Sep 12 2009	excellent stay 2 star hotel with a 5 star personality.	just got back from the holiday inn express safa park, i travelled with my mother and we stayed in a twin room. It was our first time in dubai and it was ramadan, we wanted to stay at a no frills hotel. We travel a lot and are always on tours and the beach, so we knew we wouldn't spend a great deal of time in our hotel, there is too much to do in Dubai.Our room was modern as the hotel is only 12 months old, was immaculate clean with tea/coffee facilities and a fridge, tv. Could not fault the room, excellent staff made us feel valued and special.We had breakfast included which was just cereal/juices/fruit and toast, not a lot of selection but it wasn't a problem.This hotel is only a 2 star but i feel like in england it could easilly pass as a 4 star. The place is next to safa park and Gulf news(good landmark for taxi drivers)For a £48.00 a night room rate including a breakfast with great staff in a good safe quiet location, free shuttle to the beach and Dubail mall you can't go wrong. Note that the shuttle leaves the hotel once at 10.00am for Jumeriah beach park and at 10.30am for Dubai mall.However if a swimming pool is important to you there isn't one!!.If anyone would like any further information please don't hesitate to contact me.	
Aug 19 2009 	Friendly clean and great location. Excellent value for money.	Stayed here for a few days business and found it conveniently located between the beach, Dubai Mall, the Creek and the Marina. Staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, rooms clean and modern. Only minor complaint is that the breakfast is very basic.	
Aug 15 2009 	Ok business hotel	The rooms are not great but functional. It feels like a budget hotel so expect that standard. However, in my view its the best burger in town or perhaps I was hungry that night. Fitness facilities limited and breakfast is ok and included in the price.No room service.Internet though is fast and reliable which is a big help.	
Jul 11 2009 	Clean and Good Value	Typical Holiday Inn set up for Business travellers. Rooms are clean and well equiped with all amenities but the extra toiletries are not there. The shower taps are hard to work out. Good breakfasts. Very helpful and friendly staff. Free shuttle buses to the Dubai Mall and the beach are a bonus. There are no restaurants around and nothing much else so you need to take a taxi everywhere. The restaurant in the hotel has a limited menu and the food is just passable. There is a good gym on the top floor.Dubai Mall is amazing and we most enjoyed the old part of Dubai. Good value	
Jun 10 2009 	As usual Holiday Inn Express does not disappoint	We stayed at this hotel for 2 days and we were very impressed. The staff was friendly, facilities were immaculate and there was free parking which was a bonus for us. Hotels in Dubai are expensive so this would be perfect for persons like us who want to explore (ie not laze around in a hotel all day). The meals in the restaurant were actually quite good too. They had a free shuttle to Dubai Mall and the beach.	
May 12 2009 	Great value and service - would definitely recommend!!!	Lovely and very helpful staff, very nice rooms, very clean, we were so impressed, great value, location pretty good, stay here you won't regret it!!!!!!	
Apr 1 2009 	Better than a 5-Star Hotel!!!	I went for value and for a location near the highway for our trip to the Seven's Rugby World Cup. I didnt expect much as the price was very affordable and was unsure how bare bones a Holiday Inn Express would be, never having been to one. Upon arrival though, we were greeted by a great staff and they were very helpful in giving my friends and I adjoining rooms. We saw other rugby fans staying there as well, which was a good sign. Our rooms were awesome. Very spacious and quiet, even though we were near the freeway. From our hotel, it was a piece of cake to catch the roads we needed to get to the Rugby Sevens stadium. After returning from the 1st day, we found out that the cheerleaders for the event were also staying there as well. This hotel could do no wrong. We went to the buffet they offered and the food was excellent. The chefs there deserve kudos upon kudos. We went there 2 out of the 3 nights because the food was so good. their continental breakfasts in the morning, which were included in our room rate, were very good and just enough to tide you over in the morning. I can't say enough what a great experience it was to stay here. I'm very budget concious and this place is worth every penny I spent. If you expect to be pampered and catered upon, go to a resort. If you want to be greeted warmly by all the staff no matter the time of day or night, want a great place to eat and get your monies worth for your stay, go to this Holiday Inn Express.	
Dec 4 2008 	The Best Budget Hotel in Dubai	I really liked the hotel.It's new just opened 2008, very clean and nice decorated.Everything you need for a budget hotel.The bathroom is clean, room is standard decoration, and it's clean.There is a car parking in the basement.The only disadvantage is the internet is too expensive (27$ per day)	
Nov 5 2008 	Cool hotel	I spent a week here on my own and found it to be an excellent buisness hotel.This isn't a hotel you would plan to spend much time at but when you are there it provides excellent service.Breakfast is a continental buffet- no more, no less. It was constantly replenished with croissants, cheese , meat, fruit etc.Lunch and dinner is available from a limited but tasty menu and the service is great. The lounge and bar is spacious and comfortable and the staff at reception were very cheerful and helpful. In fact, all the staff I had contact with were very nice.This is a new and modern hotel. The rooms had everythng I needed and were clean and very comfortable. Laundry service was very good too.The gym is small but very nice. Cycle, cross trainer, 2 treadmills, weights, tv and water cooler. My one problem was the aircon. My room was so cold. I turned the AC off for 2 days with no change! So my advice is to bring a sweater!Location is such that you have to get a taxi everywhere. This was the biggest problem I had. This is a hotel to sleep in and grab a quick bite to eat at. As a base for a holiday, the lack of pool and outdoor space, means you need to leave the hotel everyday , often twice or three times. Due to it's location , you need to take a taxi everytime, if you want to go shopping or go to the beach park or anywhere. They may be cheap but it does become a drag. (Long waiting times, refusing to take you, taking longer routes, expecting large tips. These things occurred half the time while other drivers were very good , but it can become very annoying.)As it's fairly new, a lot of drivers don't know it but it helps to mention &quot;Gulf News&quot; which is next door. An ATM, cafe and mini-mart can be found in the building directly opposite the hotel entrance.	
Oct 25 2008 	Perfect as a base to explore Dubai	We enjoyed our two night stay in the Holiday Inn during a stop over on the way to Malaysia. It is a good, basic hotel with some added extras. The reception area is big, clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms were well equipped and had everything you would need for a couple of nights. Although the hotel isnt in the middle of the main areas of Dubai, it is a good base to explore from if you dont want to spend your time at the pool (it doesnt have one!) If, however, you want to pay a very reasonable price and save your money for shopping, eating out and visting the other hotels, using their facilities (for example we visited Aquadventure at the Atalantis) without paying their prices, this is up your street!	
Oct 22 2008	A Holiday in the Express!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express from July to September whilst I was trying to find accommdation as I have just started working in Dubai.I found the hotel to be excellent value for money with all services on offer with the exception of a pool but you have to remember the nature of the hotel.The staff and management were very courteous in every way and nothing was too much trouble.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. It's centrally located with easy access to and from the Sheik Zayed Road.I found that the best radio station to listen to whilst staying in Dubai was Classic Hits Radio 2 on 99.3 FM or 106 FM if you travel to Abu Dhabi.Radio 1 was also a great listen on 104.1FM &amp; 100.5 FM in Abu Dhabi.	
Aug 21 2008 	New and reasonably priced on Sheikh Zayed Rd.	I have booked this hotel through www.asiatravel.com which gave me a higher rate than what the hotel receptionist offered on arrival at the hotel door! However, the stay was pleasant. The room was tidy and clean a bit more on the smaller size to what I expected. outdoor and indoor parking was available and complimentary.The complimentary breakfast is a joke! Basically cornflakes, 2 types of juice, toast and coffee! However, for a business traveler perhaps that is more than enough as one of the staff in the hotel said!I used the gym right after breakfast. After warming up, the house keeping guy came in the gym room and started cleaning! Vacuums, sprays, sweeping the floor and what not! No courtesy to the alone athlete trying to do his morning exercise.Finally the hotel offers wired high speed internet connection which was very expensive. Not only that, but also if you accidentally close your internet browser, no mercy, you pay full price again for re-connecting. So if you ever need the internet in Holiday Inn Express Safa Park, please make sure you have your laptop and internet explorer screen open all the time before you pay dearly.Overall, good 3 star hotel which business oriented.	
