	Felt cheated	The Crowne Plaza is a classic 1970's business hotel. It pays lip service to pool (dreadful - and overlooking the main freeway through Dubai), and it needs a major renovation. The service is good - very friendly, but then it's like that all over Dubai. What appalled me was the attempt to squeeze cash out of me. When I checked in, I was offered a breakfast and free wifi deal of AED 300 - around £60. I asked if this was per day or per week, and the receptionist was evasive. I repeated my question and got the same evasion but with a smile. So I said, wow, that's good value for a week. No disagreement. So I signed up. Well, of course, it was PER DAY, which was about £10 more than if I'd simply bought breakfast and wifi separately each day. I kicked up a fuss at check out but they only deducted one of the charges. I was so so furious. Nothing worse than feeling ripped off.I will never stay at this or any other Crowne Plaza again. Nor will I recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location Excellent Staff and Awesome Hospitality	Hotel is very continently located near to many attractions within a short taxi drive. Cab fares are cheaper in Dubai than the States so I was not shy in taking cabs anywhere I needed to go. The gigantic Emirates mall and Dubai mall was a treat for me because I live next to Mall of America in Minnesota. The door attendants or bell staff were very attentive and always got me a cap within minutes. Many things left me with awe! The rooms were excellent and very satisfactory and exceeded my expectations. The only thing was the ironing board could have been a little more practical and larger. However, I called the housekeeping and they rectified in a moment’s notice. I’ d like to express my gratitude to the entire hotel staff including the café employees across from the lobby where I hung out every night after my day ended. However, I would like to thank in particular to night shift reception supervisor Ousama and the manager Noushad who have fulfilled a guest’s need and expectations who had arrived from a 14-hour flight. I have been truly welcomed with a classic American Hospitality.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great place to stay.	Everyone at the Crown Plaza was very helpful. The rooms were vey nice and I had a geat view. We booked the Desert Safari through the hotel and was very pleased. The pool area was nice. The internet service in the room was expensive, the business centr was reasonable but not as convenient. The location of the hotal was very good, close to the malls and restaurants.	
Sep 28 2009 	great hotel for in-transit rest	We actually only stayed here about 6 hours because we were in-transit between the Maldives and Amsterdam. The hotel is about 10 min from the airport ((I think it was about 35 AED) and you are well taken care of upon arrival until you're in your room. It is above a small mall with a good amount of restaurants. We ate at TGI Friday's which isn't the same as the US, but was really well-priced. Then we had a comfortable rest in the bed and freshened up with a decent shower (tap is very sensitive, a mm to the left it's too hot and then to the right it's too cold). Room is clean. Highly recommendable as a rest stop.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Hotel for Adults	The hotel was very nice and clean. My husband and I stayed there for 7 nights. We were upgraded on our arrival a beautiful room. I was happy with the staff and our room. There are many night clubs located in the hotel. Each night you are pretty much guarenteed a trip up the elevator with friendly hooker and her customer. We could hear people playing down the halls into the morning hours. Of course we were returning to our room between 2 and 4 AM ourselves. If you are looking for a quiet family atmosphere then perhaps look elsewhere.I say this because I ran into families with children that were less than pleased with the enviroment. However, If you're looking for adult fun then this may be your place.	
Aug 7 2009 	cold bath water	cold bath water but very pleasent and helpfull hotel staff	
Jul 29 2009 	fantastic experience	we had stayed for four nights at the hotel. was a sort of hurriedly planned family vacation. was quite pleased when my room was given a free upgrade.hotel service was good with very friendly and helpful hotel staff breakfast buffet was good at al dana restaurant of the hotel, better than nearby four point sheraton.hotel is situated ideally at sheikh zayed raod, which is the commercial hub of the city. it is also in the heart of the city which makes it simple for sightseeing. at 100 metres from the hotel u can find mc donalds, subway and burger king which is quite inexpensive. two indian restaurants are also located nearbytaxis are always to be found at the hotel entrance.overall a very satisfying experience.	
Jul 23 2009 	Crown plaza (old one) used to be so nice but disaster now!	We have stayed about 15 times during the past 8 years in this hotel and always loved it. While the hotel itself is outdated and there are so many nicer hotels in Dubai now, incl. another crown plaza, we kept going back to this one for the good rates (actually it was cheaper than same time last year) and the wonderful service. Well, this great service is gone now as well. Rooms are clean and cleaners are polite, but the restaurants are a real disaster as they seems to have no staff around. A lot of staff we got to know in previous trips have left and we were told it is under new management now (but the hotel is still called crown plaza??). Well, this new management is killing that 'special touch' it used to have as nobody seems to enjoy working there anymore which reflected in the, previously so good, service standards. Also the food standards have come down significantly. We understand business is slow everywhere and changes need to be made, but the changes in this hotel are worse than you can imagine.Another thing we found really shocking is the huge advertising board on the exterior of the hotel, we did not see any other 'classy' hotels in the same area have this, and it makes the hotel look really cheap (plus they are advertising to advertise, so it isn't really working either for them income wise it seems). also a lot of shops in the shopping arcade seem to have closed down.We are sad to say we won't be going back to this hotel again, and won't recommend anyone to go here either.	
Jul 20 2009 	excellent location	Wife and I stayed here for a couple of nights and loved it. The location is great. The hotel sits on Shaikh Zayed Road and is directly opposite to Emirates Towers &amp; Hotel, a 5 minute drive to Dubai Mall and Burj Dubai.We got a studio room which was spacious and elegant. We got one of the top floors (22nd) so the view was great and elevators plentiful. Breakfast buffet was nice (not as nice as Grand Hyatt Dubai or Madinat Jumeirah) and room service was fast.	
Jul 6 2009 	It's central it's good value...what's not to like?	Stayed with a colleague and got a deal on the rate which was good news. The place is professionally managed, is clean and is the right end of SZR so works for business.If you are looking for a good spot to base yourself in Dubai for buisness and don't wnat to go as mad as you can at the Fairmont (a major step up) or the Emirates Towers then this ranks pretty highly. By the way the buisness centre saved my life when they produced a bound document inside 15 minutes before a meeting - that alone merits my vote.On the other hand, if you work for an investment bank and don't care about value, see above!	
Jul 1 2009 	First class service but slightly dated.	Having resided in crowne plaza suite i enjoyed my stay....hotel is very reminiscent of &quot;eighties&quot; which i found quite quirky and nice. In saying that the room was excellent with an excellent bathroom and excellent staff.The room service food was extremely fresh and beautifully presented and if you are a &quot;fish &quot;lover the local grilled hammour was lovely and 1 of my favourites.Prices extremely competitive with rest of dubai.Gym is good but sauna and changing rooms not up to standard.They need to renovate .Philipino gym staff not to my liking and not up to the standard of rest of staff throughout hotel.Only criticism is they delivered my bill at the last moment when i was rushing to catch an early morning flight which stressed me and i had been asking from the night before for the final bill.All in all i would recommend crowne plaza and they are on the whole very professional with an excellent location.Katya Connie Dias (UK)june 2009	
Jun 20 2009 	Festival City hotel...great location ....for window shopping	This hotel is about a 17 DHS cab ride from the airport. Great location if you are in Dubai for a Transfer. Mall is &quot;attached&quot; to the Intercontinental and the CP hotels so you don't have to brave the 45 degree heat. If you want to eat cheap, you can wander through to the supermarket opposite IKEA and get everthing you need for a snack to a goumet meal VERY cheaply. Otherwise, the food halls in the mall are 1/2 the proce of eating in the hotels. Rooms are super high tech (although nor internet access without a laptop????) Very clean and spacios. Beds are very comfortable and pillow menu is quite interesting. A bath you can lie down in!!!! (I'm 6'3&quot;)	
Jun 8 2009 	GREAT STAY AND GREAT FOOD	Good hotel with good food.There rates are also nominal.	
Jun 3 2009 	Liked This Hotel......	Myself &amp; My Husband stayed in this Hotel for two nights &amp; we were upgraded to Captain Suite there.Hotel is located on Sheikh Zayed Road &amp; easily accessible from Airport.As Hotel is having complementary shuttle service from Airport &amp; also for Mall of Emirates.Rooms were good &amp; we liked it.....&amp; we had nice experience there.	
May 28 2009 	Good 4 star hotel	Stayed for 2 nights and got a good room. Overall the hotel is good though slightly dated. No real complaints, good staff and location.	
May 25 2009 	Dated and therefore cheaper than other 5 stars in Dubai	There's a good reason why this hotel tends to be cheaper than most of its star competitors in Dubai: it's dated and they know it. I stayed in a standard business room. Size was fine but furniture needs a makeover ... and please, do replace that carpet. Bathroom was clean and water pressure okay. Staff was overall helpful throughout stay. For the gym fanatics: the sports facilities are very good - there's a big gym with all the free weights and machines you find back home. Food: breakfast was okay but not great in quality (sweaty cheese ...). For dinner/lunch, I recommend Wagemama's next door, which serves excellent Asian food at very reasonable prices.	
May 7 2009 	The Crowne Plaza... convenient to Dubai's business district	Dubai's Crowne Plaza hotel is located right in the heart of Dubai's Sheikh Ziad Road... right in the heart of the business district and a short taxis ride from Dubai Intl. Airport and the cities tourist areas of the Jumeirah Beach area.The hotel has a large convention hall and hosts many conferences. This tower type hotel's rooms are very comfortable, offer plenty of room but in general the hotel is tired looking in comparison to other hotels in the area... BUT cost a lot less than it's neighbouring hotels too. It's choice of restaurants again are tired looking but serve good food. My favourite thing about this hotel is it's hidden gem British themed bar... well run, pleasant staff and serve good quality pub grub too. The most disappointing part of this huge hotel is it's tiny pool area and seating area... away below Dubai's typical standards of hotels pools.This hotel is perfect for business trips... convenient, clean and has plenty of restaurants in other near-by hotels. Would I use it again... YES, but not as a tourist.	
May 3 2009 	crow plaza experience	I went for a 10 days holiday to Dubai, after a lot of analysis, i selected crown plaza hotel. My main criteria of selecting the hotel was for the location..As i entered the hotel, i felt i landed in 2 star hotel, the hotel lobby was very very ordinary and old. the porch was very crowded as it is a common entry for the hotel and a shopping mall.I had booked a club class room on a higher floor facing sheik zayid road, but when i reached i was told the sheik zayed facing room is not available and they upgraded me a junior suite facing the back of the building in the appartement complex.I entered the room, fortunately the ac was working, but half the lights in the room were not working, the house keeping guys took almost 30 mins to fix the problem.. the room was spacious but was quite old.. the bathrooms were very bad and not as per 5 star standards..The breakfast was the same for all the 5 days i stayed..the few think that was good is the location, a supermarket below the hotel and the hotel is surrounded with food joints.. mc donalds, KFC and Nandos.	
Apr 28 2009	Nice Hotel in central location	Hotel is conveniently located near main business area called Sheikh Zayed Road, Hotel services were excellent. Hotel has nice pool open on open floor. We have kid on age 6 n 31/2 they enjoyed their time in pool. The pool attendant was quit nice. Hotel has exclusive floors where they separate dedicated business lounge. Hotel has good restaurants. Hotel premises have quit good shopping area including a supermarket. Hotel. Considering all hotel is a good stay for business guests and nice stay for leisure guest as well.	
Apr 23 2009 	Best place in business area/	It is best hotel in Busienss area and way to Jabel Ali and near to Emirates Tower and WTC.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice rooms but average hotel amenities	The Crowne Plaza in Dubai is perfectly located on the bustling Sheikh Zayed Rd with a close proximity to the Emirates Towers. As a business hotel its fairly decent with clean and big rooms and a good choice of restaurants such as wagamama and a popular italian restaurant located in the hotel lobby.However, other facilities such as the Hotel pool and fitness centre are well below average requiring refurbishment. Dont even get me started on the spa and the treatment rooms which even lack proper lighting and ambience. The pool though has potential with a good view overlooking Sheikh Zayed Rd.Stay away from the night club at the hotel called Zinc which does attract crowd looking to get into trouble!!	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel	Stayed for 8 nights, I had stayed here before so I knew what to expect, excellent service with staff very attentive and helpful with absolutely no downside to my stay, being in Sheikh Zayed road it is central to all amenities, not being a beach resort type hotel means no poolsof water in the reception as no kids running about wet in the lobby or screaming in the middle of the night, large excellent range of restaurants to suit all tastes and budget plusthe hotel is located on top of a shopping mall which is handy.All in all I readily recommend this hotel and a special thanks to Chris in Guest Relations who was very helpful and very professional.	
Jan 19 2009 	Good hotel just not the grandeur or opulence you expect from Dubai	I spent 2 nights at the Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai while in town on business. Overall, I’d describe the hotel as good, but lacking the grandeur or opulence you expect from Dubai.Location: The location of the hotel is decent (located on Sheikh Zayed Road, one of the major north south arteries in Dubai). You aren’t overly far from anything, however nothing is within walking distance (save a few office buildings) and the hotel isn’t in a location that is a destination in itself. Fortunately, taxis are cheap and plentiful. I can’t recall any rides we took that cost more than 32-36 AED (about $8-$9 USD). Dubai Mall is about 10 minutes away. Mall of the Emirates is about 15 minutes. Jumeirah and the airport are about 20 minutes away. Room: The hotel is divided into two towers, the hotel and the residence. The hotel bills the residence tower as “furnished apartment suites,” however based on my observations as well as those of my colleagues, the only major difference is that the rooms in the residence have a small kitchen area (i.e. cook top, sink, etc.). Because I was a priority club member, the hotel “upgraded” me to a room in the residence tower, #1412. My room was nice – generous in size, hard wood floors throughout, painfully cold air conditioner, couch &amp; sitting area, LARGE closet with shelves, and fancy bedding with duvet. The seating area and the bedding appear to have been upgraded (i.e. modernized) very recently. I was also pleased to find that the room had a lot of &quot;little things&quot; that are missing from so many overseas hotels, such as an in-room ironing board, pants press, and safe. My only real knock on the room is that the modernization effort (I think the hotel originally opened in 1994?) wasn’t a complete effort. The lamps as well as the bathroom were very dated. These days, I expect marble in a 4 star bathroom, not cheap tile that needs its grout bleached (not to mention the overall institutional feel). Some of the common areas of the hotel also felt a bit dated. Not that they weren’t well maintained, it just wasn’t quite the level of glitz that you expect from a hotel in Dubai.Food: The hotel has A LOT of restaurants (noodle house, Italian, steaks, buffet, etc.) that appear to serve just about every taste. On my first morning, I ordered the room service breakfast with fruit plate, bread basket and coffee for approximately $22 USD. This seemed very reasonable to me for a hotel room service breakfast as the fruit plate and bread basket were huge. I was a little disappointed in the coffee as the carafe it came in didn’t keep it very warm. On our first night, we ate at Trader Vic’s. The meal was good (especially the tableside Caesar Salad) however $150 USD for 2 entries (steaks), 2 salads, and 2 alcoholic beverages seemed a little pricey. For those Americans that need a little taste of home, both McDonalds and TGI Friday’s are located in the mall that is attached to the hotel. (Don’t get too excited – Dubai Mall and Mall of the Emirates are clearly putting this place out of business. When we walked through, the only place getting any business what so ever was the supermarket.) Transportation: We took cabs everywhere. They are cheap and plentiful. Dubai appears to have a fairly sophisticated bus system however we weren’t in town long enough to figure it out (and again, taxis are really cheap). Next year, portions of the Dubai Metro will open, including the segment of the red line that runs along Sheikh Zayed Road (con: stations are located across the road from the hotel, although I think they are building elevated crossovers). For those who arrive in Dubai on Emirates in either first of business class, the airline will provides free car service to your ultimate destination. Service: All linens as well as the room itself appeared very clean. Front desk and concierge were extremely helpful. There were always a ton of hotel employees just waiting to be of assistance. Everyone I met spoke great English. Pretty much every person you walk by greets you and asks you how you are doing. Area &amp; Safety: No concerns. We walked to City Tower 2 (5 min. walk from Crowne Plaza) both days we were in town and felt completely safe. In the evenings, we took taxis all over town and again felt completely safe. Price: I paid AED 1,099 (which became roughly USD 300 after translation) on a Corporate Rate negotiated by my company. The room seemed a little pricey to me given the location of the hotel. Furthermore, the hotel really gets you on some of the &quot;extras.&quot; For example, 2 hours of internet access is AED 70 or about $20 USD.Overall, this is a solid, well run hotel with nice rooms and a great staff. However, depending on the purpose of my next trip to Dubai, I might consider other options that either put me a little closer to the action or provide a bit more opulence for the same price.	
Dec 1 2008 	Combined business/leisure trip	My husband was working in Dubai and I went to visit for the last week of his stay. The Crowne Plaza is right on Sheik Zayed Road, the main drag through Dubai. It's pretty sterile; all brand new modern hotels; but on the other hand, everything works just fine and access is great. The hotel has several restaurants. We ate at a couple although the Wagamama, a British noodle house chain was not nearly as good as the one at the Tower of London. It also has a nice, small pool area that was mostly full every day. Being there in November was great for hanging out poolside. The beach is great, but not super close. The hotel does have a free shuttle that will take you to Jumeirah beach park which is a pay entry park. There's also a free beach that doesn't have services available. But the sand is really soft and easy to walk/lay on.The high got to maybe 90 (fahrenheit) daily and just a little cool at night. At this time of year the humidity is gone, so none of the weather issues of the summer exist by mid-November. One issue is that everything is utterly air conditioned, which is a little annoying at this time of year when the weather is so nice. The sun wasn't too intense so we didn't have to worry too much about sun burn, although I'd bet that isn't true in the hotter months.There's a metro (monorail) being built that will go a long way along Sheik Zayed Road. Unfortunately, I already can't remember if there was a stop nearby. The stops are not very close together so the metro may or may not be helpful when complete in late 2009. Locals complain incessantly about the traffic, but if you've driven in Chicago, Dallas, LA, etc., the traffic here is nothing. The roads are wide, multi-lane and clearly marked. The only traffic issue is that although buildings HAVE an address, nobody goes by them, so you have to provide directions by landmark instead of by address number. However, in the case of the Crowne Plaza, every driver knew the hotel and there was never an issue getting there.In Dubai the water is de-salinated. It's perfectly safe to drink. However, it tastes completely foul. The hotel provides free bottled water, so it's not a problem at all. Particularly in the summer (but even for us in the fall) you'll always want to carry a bottle on you. I didn't experience that &quot;caught outside in the heat&quot; panic where having water is critical, but still, I did find I was drinking more water than usual. The toiletries in the bathroom were nice so don't bother bringing your own stuff, unless you're really picky about shampoo and conditioner. It's very dusty in Dubai (duh... desert) so I felt like my hair got dirty much faster than normal. I think the scarves worn by many Emiraties is not just cultural, but also practical. If I'd have been there much longer I might have been using one as well. But speaking of dress, you can dress however you feel comfortable. I saw everything from what had to be hookers to women in full burkas. In a pinch I would say respect the culture and dress relatively discreetly. But you don't have to worry about wearing shorts or covering your hair or anything. One benefit of this hotel is that it is directly across the street from the Jumeirah Towers (I think that was what they were called). It's 2 building that look like puzzle pieces fitting together. They stand out on the skyline, so you can easily spot &quot;home&quot; from other parts of the city.The Crowne Plaza has a mall in the lower level. There's a residence apartment attached so you can get all kinds of items from drug store items to Persian rugs right there. And speaking of shopping, it is THE thing to do in Dubai. Everything is built around shopping malls, and they could be plopped in any city in the US. Every mall (and I was in several of them) smells like Cinnabon and Starbucks. I never saw a Target, but Carrefour is the European equivalent, and can be found at the malls. But every chain store you can think of will be found at pretty much every mall. It's plentiful, but not especially exotic. At the souks (the malls generally have a traditional market section) you can find Persian rugs and other sort of local items, but even there, they're chain. For example, there's a Persian Carpet House in every mall, including at the mall in the lower level of the Crowne Plaza. The souks are barter based. The regular stores are fixed price. I'm not a big shopper, but if you love the thought of shopping at Chanel, Rolex, Tiffany, Dolce &amp; Gabbana and 50 other high end shops, you'll find them all under one of several roofs. I can't imagine there would be the need for that many outlets of these brands, but then I'd never spend $1000 on a dress.This hotel was nice, but part of what you do in Dubai is wallow in luxury. I would recommend this hotel for business or for leisure, but I'd also say if you can possibly afford it, you should splurge and stay at one of the ridiculously posh resorts. There are probably 20 that would fit that bill, not just the Burj al Arab.	
Oct 1 2008 	NICE HOTEL-VERY WELL SITUATED	We reaaly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We arranged a transfer via hotel website before travelling and were met after Customs and directed to a waiting car.- friendly driver and excellent service. On arrival at hotel we were given an upgrade to a suite overlooking the Emirates Towers-fabulous views of the whole area. We had booked a deluxe kingsize room for the three of us, but space would have been a little tight, they advised. All the staff were pleasant and helpful. Not really a hotel for holiday makers- a lot of business people, but the restaurants are good, and pool is usually quiet. We found the central location the best feature, only 15 minutes from the airport, 10 minutes from Emirates Mall, 15-20 mins from Dubai Creek-depending on traffic. The creek has a very distinct atmosphere, very busy, vibrant and hot!  The hotel runs a bus transfer to Jumeriah Beach Park but this was a little disappointing facilities there are not good-toilets and showers are very basic, and in need of renovation-not up to usual Dubai standards. Well located for all shopping malls and good choice of restaurants in the immediate vacinity if you chhose not to eat in the hotel itself.	
Sep 5 2008 	The best Crowne Plaza I've ever stayed at	This was the fanciest Crowne Plaza I've ever stayed at. It was a luxurious 5-star hotel beautifully decorated with Chrismas theme. As it was end of December, they still had gorgeous Christmas tree, exhibit of ginger bread houses and expensive white/silver/gold decorations all over the hotel. Entrance is kind of unusual - you step in and take escalator to the lobby. Front desk staff was mostly Phillipino and super professional. Actually the entire staff could be compared to Ritz Carlton or Mandarin Oriental. I was shocked how well trained and attentive they were. As soon as you made eye-contact, they smiled and asked how everything was and whether you needed help. Every time - consistently! We felt like royalty. Room was very comfortable and had everything we needed. Lounge as well as restaurant were great. Air France lost my luggate but the concierge kept checking with them on my behalf and called me when it arrived. The hotel is adjacent to a mall which was very conventient. It is right on the main strip with all the sky-scrapers. It was only a 15-min cab ride from the airport. We did the Big Bus tour (double-decker, you can hop on and off) and got to see entire Dubai. Highly recommended. We also had hotel arrange for us SUV tour of the desert. After 2 hours of riding over the dunes, they brought us to a camp, where we could ride camels, eat local food, and try belly dancing. It was fun! You can walk from the hotel to Jumeirah Towers as well as other sky-scrappers and stores. The street is busy but there are tunels to cross underneath.	
Aug 22 2008 	nice but getting tired and out dated	Probably a great hotel 10 or so years ago, everything pretty much as you would expect with service and amenities, I found it a bit dated and tired, i forgot my razor, and it was too much like hard work for the staff at this Hotel to provide one, failure to provide such a simple request did leave a bad impression, I ended up getting some from the local shop, maybe i should have left the extras for the Hotel. Also I had phoned the day prior to confirm i could check in early, no problem on the phone, but no record at reception, so 3 hours before I could check in.....Hardly anyone seemed to use the pool on the third floor, while nothing special it was quite relaxing, and a good view of area. Free internet access at the business centre and the girl didn't charge me for my printing...We ate at the JW Marriott, now that was an impressive hotel.	
Jul 19 2008 	Excellent service great hotel with many restaurants.	Dubai Crowne Plaza hotel is located not too far from the airport, along the main road. What was impressive was the service at the reception and at the guest services desk: The people were extremely helpful and kind, and worked to deliver anything I wanted at all hours. As a Priority Club platinum member my membership status was instantly recognized and my reserved room was upgraded to a suite which was simply fabulous, with kitchen facilities, living room etc.. The hotel has a basic pool and gym facilities, and this is not a beach hotel. What is excellent is that there are so many different restaurants; underneath the hotel there is actually a mall so you can find many different types of shops - another really convenient point. I truly enjoyed my stay, mostly due to to the staff's great attitude and also due to the various restaurants and the hotel's convenient location. This is one hotel I shall be staying in again!	
Jul 14 2008 	There are better places to stay..	Stayed a few nights in this hotel in Dubai. The big escalator takes you to the reception. People working who are working here, is my expierence, look like machines. No peoples interest.Room is OK. What you need is there. E.g: t.v. with lots of channels. Coffee and tea-making facilities. Sitting area.I had a room in the neighbourhood of the housekeeping entrance. That;s no problem during the day-time. But why does housekeeping make so much noise during the night. Guests are trying to sleep, cause they have appointments the next day.Also my wake-up call. I did not get my wake-up call. when I made a call to the operator and the frontdesk they did not even apoligize, or gave me the reason why and how they forgot. These things make you can't rate this hotel as average.Also something else. I went to the fitness. But why do they watch you with a stopwatch in their hands, so you will not stay 1 second extra on your crosstrainer or treadmill.fitness is by the way well equipt.Swimming pool: small but nice and friendly staff. helpfull with the umbrella's.The Wagamama restaurant in the hall, near the entrance offers you room-service. and tha'ts good.	
May 10 2008	The Crowne Plaza in Dubai is a lovely comfortable place...	I have visited Dubai many times (at least 12) and love it every time. It is extremely hot and humid in the summer months, so be prepared. I landed once at 2 am and it was 102 degrees fahrenheit. I love the Crowne Plaza Hotel. There is a service worker, Lawrence, that always takes great care of me. He anticipates my needs. I reutrned there after 6 months and all of the people remembered me by name. They brought up a complimentary bottle of wine, a plate of exotic fruits, a box of chocolates in a box custom made for the hotel, and a plate of cookies. The food is great! Try the watermelon juice! The people are truly beautiful. Dubai has so many thigns to offer. Modern malls, the Gold Souk (city of gold, where I take drawings and the jewelers at Barakat Jewelers make my piece on the spot), an indoor skiing area and all. The have the Al Jumeirah hotel which is the only 7 star in the world. The Crowne Plaza has a small mall that it is built in to. Try Wagamama Noodles! Everyone should try Dubai at least once!	
Mar 8 2008 	Good 3 star stay	Good hotel with plenty of staff to help you with questions. There is decent American steakhouse in there and I also enjoyed the nice seafood restaurant /buffet next to it. The English pub and the nightclub are very crowded on weekend nights and I met people from around the world. The hotel has a shuttle service to the beach which is convenient or the staff will glady get you a taxi to go anywhere. And I recommand a desert tour that you can book at the hotel.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great Hotel Near Convention center	Last Year I attended the Arab Health Show and found this hotel after waiting in a Taxi line for an hour. Its ez access to the convention center a brisk 7 minute walk (Okay in the winter) up and over sheik ziad Rd. This was a really excellent hotel with great staff. I am a priority club member and was on the club floor. New carpeting, great location. I got the free breakfast on the 17th floor. The staff knows you need name and your likes and dislikes and anticipates what you need.The breakfast was cook to order or the buffet with a lot of choices. the lady hostesses also get you coffee Orange juice etc.At the end of the day 6-8 they have happy hour (free for club guests) with a nice spread of goodies and drinksThe hotel has a great workout center with concept 2 rowers, nautilus as well as a squash court and a golf swinging practice area. Its well designed and maintained. There is a funny saying in the locker room to keep yourself clothed so as not to offend others. Attached to the hotel is a nightclub which had a steady stream of young female and males attending. I did not check this out as its out of my league. there is also a ton of western restaurants such as tony romas, Fridays, a Macdonald's is right next door (try the Arabian), There is a small shopping area as well.the service is outstanding and the staff respond very quickly. There is also a shuttle to and from the airport which will save you about 40AED and from the taxi que.I sent a fax from the business center to USA no problems. they also have good internet connections and in the club on 17th floor 4 computers and a printer (they do not charge for printingThere is a pedestrian underpass to the emirates hotel across the road where they have vu's bar at the 50th floor and a nice restaurant on the same level. they were sold out the night I wanted to go but I had a drink there.Highly recommended if you are attending the conference center.	
Jan 23 2008 	Just perfect for our needs	January 2008 was not a good time to visit Dubai if you like sunshine. Unprecedented rainfall (see photo) hit and normally very busy roads in Dubai were blocked with traffic. The day before the visit of George Bush virtually closed the city.However, our two week stay (business) at the Crowne Plaza Dubai was just brilliant. In all respects the staff were the most helpful, attentive and very polite. The quality of the food, especially the breakfast buffet, is in my mind unequalled. The rooms are of a very good standard, perfectly well maintained and clean. In a review I had read that the rooms were 'jaded', ours certainly did not fit into that category.The location is not near the beach but the hotel shuttle does provide a free service to the beach. To walk anywhere from the hotel in hot weather would not be easy and the roads in Dubai are geared to cars not people. On the other hand, taxis are pretty cheap and if you avoid rush hours with taxis this is ok. If the location suits your needs this hotel is the BEST. We can really recommend it.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Staff	My wife and I stayed here over Christmas 2007. I had read from some reviews that the hotel was looking tired but as a person who is used to staying in good hotels I can confirm that this is a great hotel for a holiday. Firstly, the staff are amazing nothing is no trouble, what you need to do is check out the hotel bars', Traders Vics and Oscars wine bar have a great atmosphere and you will be surprised how busy they are especially Trader Vics. The restaurants serve good food, check out the Italian and the Lebannon Restaurant with live dancing. I must admit the exterior does not do justice to the hotel, I would definitely go back, this a great hotel. Whilst in Dubai, essentials you must do is the 4x4 tour in the desert and the dinner on the creek. The hotel even has two nightclubs, what made the holiday was the Hotel, only one negative factor was when by the pool you lose the sun at 2.15pm. Taxis are really cheap, if you have time check out VUE bar accross the road in the Emirates Hotel, it is on the 51st floor and the views are amazing. In short if you want a comfortable 5 star hotel that will not break the bank stay in this hotel. I also met up with a lot of expats' who use the bars and as locals they always recommend the Crowne Plaza for friends and relatives.	
Jan 13 2008	great for business	I stay here quire a lot on business - and although the rooms are a little tired now, I have to say that this hotel is in a great positon for doing business, has great in house restaurants and the staff are just great. The club floors in particular offer great value and the ataff there really do look after you.	
Nov 26 2007 	A good hotel but a bit dated and with some drawbacks	I am in the middle of a 6 night stay and find the hotel to be quite good. The majority of the highlights were already mentioned but what I like most is the gym. The place has a great workout room. It's old school in terms of types of machines and freeweights but I love old school gyms and work out all the time. So for me, just on the back of this I would give the hotel a 5 star rating, when also considering the good pool. Yet, at the same time, the hotel itself is a bit outdated. It's time for a renovation. The rooms as well as bathrooms are quite large and it's nice to have the kitchenette if you're staying longer. At the same time, it looks a bit worn down. It's not dirty in any way yet furniture is showing it's age and the public areas don't keep up with Dubai's typical luxury standards. Again, the service is great if you can overlook the design details. The rate is also a bit high for what you get. We are here during a convention (which we are not participating in) and the rates are a bit outrageous. I know it's Dubai, but were other hotels available, we could have better standards for the same price Again, it was impossible to find rooms so the Crowne Plaza has been very good yet when comparing to other hotels, note my drawbacks. Location is also a bit up in the air. You can get everywhere in Dubai easily were it not for the traffic. You're pretty much screwed everywhere in Dubai due to this if you are travelling by car. I recommend taxi or private driver as you'll never find parking for your own car anyway. Still, the Crowne Plaza has seemed to be a bit aways from everything. We have meetings all over town and it's always a chore to go anywhere (outside of the Jumeirah towers right across the street). You could do much worse in Dubai than the Crowne Plaza and if they renovate, it will be a really good hotel. Until then, it fullfills its duties but won't blow you away on any count. Everything is simply of good, average quality (except for service which is above average).	
Oct 16 2007 	Excellent experience	I stayed two nights in this hotel and found what usually expected from any Crown plaza hotel plus an excellent middle eastern hospitality. The service was outstanding at every level. The king size bedroom was roomy with a lot of pillows and nice furniture, but found the bathroom little bit small. The hotel is well located in downtown Dubai on the main street and close to everything from shops, restaurants, etc...The hotel offer free shuttle service to the airport, the mall of Emirates ( a must see if you like shopping) and Jumairah beach. i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.	
Aug 27 2007 	great hotle	Hotel is in a great location on Sheikh Zayed Road. the hotel is friendly and has great facilities. There are plenty places to eat and a great gym and pool facilities. We stayed there for 10 days and had a great time. The bedrooms were a good size and very comfortable with everything you would expect from a hotel of this standard. the food in the hotel is great, breakfasts lovely, with a chef to cook your eggs freshly in which ever way you want, which is a lovely touch. Trader Vics is especially nice place to eat in the hotel with a great atmoshpere.the hotel is only 15 mins from the airport, which is great, and ideal location for short taxi ride from all the attractions that Dubai has to offer. The hotel has a great mall underneith the hotel with is really convienant and a novelty. would definately recommend this hotel,	
Jul 14 2007 	very good hotel	I stayed at the crown plaza for 3 nights whilst on business/holiday. It is located on Sheik Zahed Road aprox 15 mins from the airport via a taxi. The check in was very quick and I was upgraded to a 2 bedroom studio. The room was very spacious, very nicely decorated with ample towels and toiletries. The bathroom was slightly outdated but more than adequate. There was a small kitchen with fridge and kettle available for own cooking. The overall room was very clean, ample space and a good view from the large window.Their are several restaurants and a wireless free lounge to relax and use the laptop for business/pleasure. There is a small swimming pool on the roof top , but due to nearby buildings the sun is blocked from 2pm onwards. The hotel also holds a nightclub which is free for residents. There amble restaurants on the same road including Macdonalds, burger king, pizza hut, nandos, chillis aswell as others to choice from. A local supermarket is within the complex with reasonable prices for provisions. I could fault the overall experience. It is more for couples and business use.	
Jul 1 2007 	Great stay!	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in June on business. The hotel is in a great location and the customer service is great. There is a wide choice on offer for breakfast and plenty of bars and restaurants on the complex.The Zinc nightclub is worth a visit too - free and no queuing for Crowne Plaza guests.There are shuttle buses to the Mall of Emirates and Jumeriah Beach as well as the airport - all for free.All in all a great stay and we'd definitely return.	
Jun 20 2007 	Wonderful stay!	I spent 4 nights in Dubai while on a business trip from the US. The hotel was great and I would recommend it to anyone going to Dubai. At one point my wall adapter broke and the front desk had one up to my room in no time. There is no wireless in the rooms, however, so you are confined to the desk which is a negative. There are a number of restaurants within the hotel and within the few blocks around it. The concierge people were great and always had wonderful recommendations on places to go. As a plus the hotel has a shuttle to a number of the key hot spots such as the mall, beach, and airport.	
Jun 14 2007 	Good Location Good Service	I stayed here on the executive floor for about three weeks. While the hotel is a little old, it is spotlessly clean and the staff provides great service. There are plenty of restaurants within the hotel as well as a disco so you never have to leave the hotel if you dot want to. The hotel is also attached to a small mall that contains a grocery store and pharmacy. It is directly across from the Emirates Towers and there is an pedestrian underpass that takes you under Sheikh Zayed Road if you care to walk there. There is free valet parking if you are driving.	
Jun 1 2007 	Good location for business	I had a quick 1 night stay at this hotel on a business trip to Dubai. Location is excellent is you have meetings in the Emirates Towers or DIFC, as it's about 5-10min walk, which is manageable at 8am! Only about 20 mins from airport too.Room was spacious, staff were friendly, breakfast was good. Very much a business hotel and i don't think i'd recommend for a holiday. I only was in the hotel for about 8 hours, so didn't really see much else!	
May 28 2007 	Not bad but a bit dated	I spent three nights at the CP Dubai during a business trip in May 2007. First of all the level of service was very high, especially when compared to similar hotels in Europe. Pick-up at the airport worked smoothly, so did the arrival at the hotel, surrounded by hotel staff helping with bags, check-in, etc. The room was nice, big bathroom in dark stone (marble?), fresh fruit delivered daily and well-equipped mini-bar. The only downside to the room was the slight dated feel of the furniture, though spotless.One warning for the lifts though, it takes forever to get to your floor, so make sure you don't forget something before you leave your room... Breakfeast was ok but not really the standard I was hoping for. A lot of fresh fruits though and good selection of freshly squeezed juices. The CP Dubai is a nice, clean hotel with a good level of quality and services. Beeing a bit dated I would probably choose another hotel next time, not because I was disappointed but rather to experience the contemporary style of Dubai's prime hotels.	
Apr 30 2007 	Old style fun!	The CP is a really convivial and energetic old-style hotel! Loud and a little bit brash but full of life. First impressions aren't great, as the entrance and lobby don't amount to much. The bright neon archway/drop-off point is tight and poky. If you're on foot, watch you don't get swiped by passing traffic on the service lane (and that's before you even get to Sheikh Zayed road itself). A hot and rather messy introduction to the hotel. You then climb aboard the world's longest escalator and finally reach check-in. Next, such a large hotel is poorly served with just 3 lifts and going up and down was less than swift. But soon the hotel reveals its charms. Business floor rooms were really outstanding, a nice surprise, very spacious with a comfy sofa area. Nice exec lounge, again spacious. Excellent happy hour snacks, though slightly average breakfast. Internet swift, better than average. Room service food was first class, nice selection, fresh grilled hammour, mezze, all sorts of nice treats. Back downstairs the fun begins once again, with a real wealth of bars, restaurants and cafes. Excellent Lebanese lunch buffet and also the Steak House stood out in particular. Pub is great fun, watching young Emiratis going crazy to the televised football. The CP is a bit of an 80's throwback and far from the last word in style. It has soul though, and more than a hotel, it's a complete social hub. Good local alternative to Emirates Towers. Enjoy.	
Mar 13 2007	Very good	This is an execllent hotel, specially for those who are going to a congress or exhibition... it is just opposite of the world trade center. The rooms are spacious, clean &amp; tidy, however, they could benefit from renovation	
Feb 25 2007	over priced and over rated	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza, Dubai for a couples of days last week on a business trip. Arrived at the hotel to find it fully booked even though my reservation was made weeks ago. After some discussion at the reception (around 15 minutes) they found me a room which they indicated to be &quot;very good&quot;. In fact it turned out to be &quot;nothing special&quot;.This is supposed to be a 5 star hotel, but I have stayed in a lot better during my travels. In fact I have never stayed in a hotel so expensive at AED 2100/nt (around $570/nt) - certainly not worth the money.Other aspects of the hotel - rooms clean but in need of modernisation, service was reasonably good, food was average, location reasonable for the airport but not great for shopping or for the beach.My recommendation - search around and find something better and cheaper.	
Jan 22 2007 	Excellent Good Value Choice	With hotels in Dubai becoming increasingly more expensive, it's refreshing to find a hotel in a good location, with unpretentious staff, good quality accomodation and all at a good value price.The Crowne Plaza is an international standard business hotel with all the facilities you'd expect of a 4 star city hotel. Staff are friendly and helpful (although the concierge was a bit clueless), and our room was clean, spacious and comfortable. There are loads of reasonably priced places to eat and drink within the hotel, including a couple of bars, coffee shop and an Italian restaurant. The hotel is also right above a shopping mall, which whilst being nothing inspiring contains basic services such as more restaurants, a supermarket, pharmacy and bank. The hotel also has decent lesiure facilities, including an outdoor pool and jacuzzi overlooking the Emirates Towers and Sheikh Zayed road, and a well equipped gym, with steam and massage rooms. The best thing about this hotel however is its location - situated at the Creek end of Sheikh Zayed road, it is literally in the centre of everything. Plentiful taxis line up outside the hotel and can get you to most places in Dubai within 15 minutes, including the Creek, Bur Dubai, Deira, Jumeirah Beach and the Airport. It is also ideally placed for access to Dubai's malls, and in 10 minutes you can be at the Mall of the Emirates (with a free shuttle bus), City Centre Mall, Mercato Mall, Wafi City and many others besides.It's not ideally placed for Dubai's beaches, and whilst there is a free shuttle bus to its sister hotel on the beach, that is a 40 minute bus ride away in Sharjah, and it only goes once a day. However, if you are looking for a comfortable central hotel with all the facilities you need for a comfortable stay in Dubai, you can't go much wrong with the Crowne Plaza, and I would likely stay here again.	
Dec 13 2006	Crowne Plaza good all round hotel	Stayed 6 nights at Crowne Plaza from 6 - 12 December 2006 and really could not fault it. It's a little less than 5 star standard but is more reasonably priced compared with the beach hotels.The Italian restaurant, admirably managed by Raquel, was very good indeed. The Western Steakhouse was fine but lacked a little atmosphere. The Piano Bar was very good indeed although their classic champagne cocktails lacked two key ingredients notably the Grand Marnier and the brandy so not really a classic. Music good in Piano Bar and staff very friendly and welcoming.The hotel is on the main Sheikh Zayed road and is therefore affected by some traffic noise if you like to sleep with window open. The main road is a 13 lane highway, 5 lanes each way with a three lane service road. It's directly opposite the Emirates Towers but to cross the road you would need to take a taxi or to use the pedestrian underpass (not tested!)Their partner hotel for the beach is in Shahjah and there is no alcohol served there. We took a taxi to the Le Meridien Mena Sheyah and paid 100 dirhams for a day's access to their beach, superb.The Holiday Centre shopping mall underneath the Crowne Plaza hotel has a supermarket, and an excellent italian coffee bar serving meals and is a free Wifi zone so no need to logon in the hotel and pay for internet access. There's hairdressers, clothing shops, nail bar, carpet shop, shoe shop, jewellers, pharmacy, the ubiquitious MacDonalds (and a TGIFridays next door), and a newsagent so immediate needs catered for. Obviously, Dubai has bigger and better malls in abundance. Taxis are plentiful.Staff are unfailingly polite.A clean hotel in all areas.The pool area is not very large and is affected by some traffic noise.Used the dry cleaning service and it was very fast with perfect results.Free shuttle bus to Mall of the Emirates and to the airport.Turn down service with a chocolate on the bed every evening. A bowl of fresh fruit and chocolates in room on first evening only.On the whole, it's a reasonably priced hotel. I was there on a business trip and suspect most of the other guests were too.	
Oct 21 2006 	Good all round hotel	Stayed here on business a few times, most recently in September 2006. This is a good hotel in a good location. Of course it is part of an international chain, so lacking in unique or special touches, but does everything pretty well. Business facilities are good - broadband internet in the room and they did not charge me to print a couple of pages in the business centre. Bars and restaurants also good - the steakhouse is nice, and the breakfast buffet has a good selection.	
Oct 16 2006 	Couldn't fault	Stayed for 5 nights and really could not fault it.Room spotless- as were all public areas. Location good for reaching downtown (free shuttle) or beach (free access to partner hotel get voucher from business centre)Nightclub enjoyable, handy mall attached with fast food and nice coffe shop. Walking distance to Longs Bar and others including emirates towers (try a cocktail in the emirates towers bar)Would stay in this area over Jumeraih beach every time. Got a great rate on hotel website by booking early.	
Aug 11 2006 	Excellent hotel!!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Crowne Plaza for two weeks last October, we did make the mistake of staying during Ramandam, but all the same it was still fantastic! The room was lovely, nice comfortable bed, clean and very spacious. It was cleaned daily, fresh towels and robes were left. The beds were also turned down every night and a chocolate left on the pillow which was a nice touch. There's a fridge in the room as well as the mini bar. We went to the supermarket in the shopping centre under the hotel and stocked our fridege up with a few essentials. The hotel also provide bottled water, they leave it when they clean you room whuich is handy.We ate at the Italian restaurant on our first night and it was gorgeous, we went again on the last night. The Al Dana coffee shop is also nice, we just went for a snack in the afternoon and didn't need to eat again because we got that much, it was very nice.The hotel provides a bus service to the beach each day, well its another hotel, can't remember the name, it leaves at 10am and picks you up at 4pm. We only went to that particular beach once, it was really nice, we just didn't like being restricted to times. There's a really nice pool there too.The pool at the hotel was fine, it wasn't massive, but while we were there it was never really very busy, the sun does go behind the Emirates Towers at about 2pm though and you dont get much sun up there after that.We didnt actually spend that much time at the pool anyway, the beaches are absolutely beautiful, far too nice to be missed. We got a taxi to the public beach most days, it was only 50p to get in and it was so peaceful, hardly anyone there. There is a really good waterpark in Jumeirah, its called Wild Wadi, definately reccomend going!We found a gorgeous indian restaurant in Wafi City, in the Pyramids, called Asha's. That was a really nice place.it was really easy to get a taxi, the doormen were really helpful and friendly. The staff on the reception were also very pleasent.Almost forgot about the breakfast, that the highlight! Haha. Loads of choice, all fresh fruits. cereals, breads as well as full english, even had baked beans. The chef was there cooking a variety of omlettes and pancakes on request. They breakfast catered for every nationality, there couldn't have been any more variety.Over all the Crowne Pelaza was definately a 5 star hotel, it was fantastic, we would definately stay there again. Just be aware that it is necessary to get taxis everywhere, because the hotel is in the business district, but the taxi's are cheap.	
Jul 12 2006	Excellent hotel	I stayed at the hotel for one night one my way to England from New Zealand. I had booked a club room and was not disappointed. I was concerned as my flight arrived at 6.00am and I was at the hotel by 6.45am. This was not a problem as a room was allocated immediately by the helpful reception staff. The room was a good size and clean and cool. The club lounge on the 17th floor was excellent, so was the service and breakfast. I would certainly stay here again	
Jul 11 2006	Fantastic hotel	Stayed ehre for 5 nights in July. Couldn't say enough good things about the hotel we arrived at 0900 and manaed to get early check in and an upgrade to theluxuriously appointed Captain's Suite for free.Staff are very helpful, quick delivery of hire car from valet parking, staff have good local knowledge.Would definitely stay here again - good access to Mall of the Emirates and Ibn Buttuta Mall as well as the city centre to the east.	
Jul 9 2006	fine and nice	we have arrived early at the morning with a voucher issued from emirate holidays, it was around 5:00 am and the hotel receptionist claimed that they are fully booked and no room for us exceot at check in time at 2:00 unless we pay two hundrd dollars to upgrade to a suit. of course we were not pleased with the attitude especially that the night manager interefered and requested us to pay 2OO usd for 6 hours and then downgrade to or normal room. at this point i refused this blackmail and decided to stay in the lobby until it is ten or something to go to shop. afterwards i provided them with a soln as for us to pay 100 USD get upgrade for one night and use room now. They accepted the bargain and provided us with the room on the spot. The room was spacious somehow old but fine, elevators are very slow, they are generous with toilatories and other staff, two TV set with world cup on live. breakfast is excellent, location is somehow far but they provide shutle buses, next day the said no need to downgrade get it free for your next day, provided late check out to us and 3 plates of fruits, cookies and oriental pastries . They were very helpful afterwards	
Jul 4 2006 	Hotel just getting old	I stayed in this hotel for a business seminar in May. Earlier i have been there in 2002, and i would say that this hotel is still having the same theme since that time but it is getting older. It seems work on renovation is starting as you can see couple of notices for carpet change. Inside the rooms you can feel the age of the hotel like toilet door and the flooring. Amenities looked fine. The hotel is charging for Internet usage and the only way to have it free is in the lobby (wireless) when you order your coffe and snacks.The hotel have an attached shopping center in which there a market where you can buy almost everything you need.Lunch was served in Jumeira Ballroom as part of the two days seminar event, food was very good, but in order to get food, you have to wait till they get you empty dishes. It seems they were not aware of the number of attendees.Restaurants like Traders Vic's is a must to visit where live bands performs, Breakfast at Al-Dana restaurant was good. Crowne Plaza is close to many restaurants on Shk. Zayed Road where different cuisines are available in a walking distance.The rate was around 200USD per night including breakfast &amp; tax which is quite fine in Dubai 5* hotels.	
Jun 15 2006	Excellent Crowne Plaza	Can't understand some of the very poor recent reviews. My wife and I had the good fortune to stay at this excellent hotel for 5 nights in May. We were delighted with everything and our room was massive and very clean. Hotel staff were all extremely friendly from the room cleaners to the Management. Plenty of Restaurant choice within hotel and can recommend the Italian. Would definitely rate this hotel seriously and would return again.	
Jun 5 2006	Poor hotle	Stayed for 3 nights on route to Japan - in exec rooms. If this is a 5* then I am the queen! Hotel not too clean, in fact they could do with employing people of work as there are millions of staff just standing around doing nothing. Standard way below what I would have expected for paying £180 per night. Exec area average, very Smokey and lower paid staff friendly but others need lessons in customer servicePool OK but again servie not good. Never once asked if I wanted a drink or towels, all seems too much effort.Would not stay here again	
May 30 2006 	ideal for business	I stayed 2 weeks in this hotel ,with my son for business ,in that matter the place is ideally situated on Zayed roadthe executive room is tiny for 2 persons , mainly for working or phoning thereall around staff is very pleasant ,polite and helpful a great choice of restaurants (i recommand italian one )if food is reasonably priced (according to europe standards ) wine is tremendously overpriced for a french !and remember you can get alcoolic drinks ONLY IN HOTELSall restaurants in town are not allowed to serve even a beer !unable to book by internet (it was supposed full for that period ), i got a fair price on emailing directly the hotel to sum up , a good value worth returning	
May 24 2006	Clueless Staff	Chose this through the Priority Club Rewards scheme. What a mistake ; kicked off with an argument between the doorman and the taxi driver as to whom was taking the bags in. Check-in a shambles, didn't ask us if we wanted smoking or non-smoking - had to change room as a result. Room tiny. View of 10 lane motorway and it's accompanying din ! Sun dissapears from pool area at about 2 pm. Overall ... garbage. Checked out after one day and went to the Hilton Jumeirah. I mean this &quot;Hotel&quot; is flanked by a Mickey D and TGI Friday. Need I say more. Avoid like the plague.	
May 5 2006	Totally bland option in a city full of exciting hotels	We stayed in Dubai Crowne Plaza for our two day stoppover in Dubai. I chose this hotel after reading the reviews in Tripadvisor and discussing with friends that downtown is a better place to stay than the beach area. So here is my opinion.First of all on the hotel itself:- Yes it is of a decent standard, with large rooms and all the amenities you would expect from a large chain hotel.- It has a number of restaurants within it, namely Wagamama, Trader Vics, a Japanese one and a couple of others. On the other hand these close fairly early. There is Zinc which apparently is one of the hottest clubs in town.- The &quot;mall&quot; nextdoor, is exremely small and of poor quality- Exactly opposite are the impressive Emirates Towers with its fantastic top floor bar and restaurant...a far better choice in accomodation than Crown Plaza (although probably more expensive)- It seemed that no matter where we went, we paid around $12-15 worth of taxi- Overall sterile and bland not recommended for non business travellers that want something different/special for their stay.The location and possible alternative choices: We chose not to be on the beach zone of the city because we were not interested on the beach since we were on our way to Thailand. However it seems that in the beach around Burj al Arab there are a large number of great hotels, with most impressive of all the Madinat Jumeirah. This is a whole complex of hotels, villas, markets, bars, restaurants and even a theatre, all done in surprisingly good style (keeping in mind the whole surrounding kitsch). In our next visit to Dubai we will definately stay there!There also seems to be a shift of the centre of interest of the city towards that area, with all the new developments along the coast, as well as the Mall of Emirates and its ski slope which is nearby, so there is no need to stay more centrally.	
Apr 30 2006	Just ok	Our time at the Crowne Plaza was ok. It is not a service oriented property. If people claim it is,then they had a very different experience or they don't know what top service looks like.The breakfast buffet was lackluster and had flies flying around the tables. The house band in the bar was soooooooooooooooo bad we could not finish our drinks	
Apr 25 2006	Fab Crowne Plaza	we were 4 girls going to Dubai for a week's hols and had booked 2 rooms but the reservation staff suggested that we book a 2 bed apt which actuall worked out a better price.Breasfast was not included but you could order room service. The kitchen had a dishwasher/washing machine/tumble drier and all other usual appliances. Take tablets for the dishwasher and washing machine as they were not supplied. There was a large twin and double bedroom, beds were turned down everynight and a choclate left on yr pillow. apartment was cleaned every day and there were ample sullplies of towels, robes &amp; slippers. there was also a large dining area sitting room (but try and get a room at back of hotel as the traffic never stops) There was a complementary shuttle to the beach and town centre, they also collected us at the airport. The staff were polite &amp; very helpfull. We travelled everywhere by taxi as local transport is not great, taxi's are cheap as the metre only runs when car is moving. there was much more to do in Dubai than we expected so a return journey is on the cards and the Crowne plaza will be booked again.	
Apr 6 2006	A great Experience		
Mar 21 2006	it was fab!!		
Mar 13 2006	outstanding service at plaza		
Feb 23 2006	Dont judge by looks great hotel!		
Feb 14 2006	Fantastic hotel		
Jan 22 2006 	No complaints		
Jan 1 2006	Memorable experience		
Oct 4 2005 	Great Hotel!		
Apr 1 2005 	Comfortable yet old fashioned. Getting more expensive		
Feb 15 2005	Little things make the difference		
Oct 25 2009 	????????		
Oct 21 2009 	ni fu ni fa		
