	Loved it !!!!!!!	The most happy service , very professional and friendly !! We were highly satisfy with the facilities and Staff !!	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Apartments at a Fantastic Price	Have just got back from a 8 night stay at the Arjaan and cant speak highly enough of the place.It's really centrally located within easy reach of the Palms and Marina.We booked a 1 bed apartment but were upgraded to a 3 bed appartment (Which was huge......and had 5 yes 5 toilets!!).The staff were great and I go so far as to say it is easily some of the best service I've ever had in the world.But the real clincher was the Price, we paid just over £1000 for the 8 nights, and many hotels would cost that for just 2 nights!I'll deffinitely stay again on my next trip to Dubai	
Sep 4 2009 	Awful	Awful service, have to keep repeating requests again and again until it finally get done. Doesn't matter how nice a hotel is, if the service is not there, there's no point staying. Be aware of baby cots, they may be laundry trolley's with a matress at the bottom!! Would never return to this hotel nor recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 2 2009 	Best in Dubai	Just returned from a four day saty at this fablous place, arrived at 6am for the 3 bed suite, we were given a complementary breakfast ( for all 6 of us !!) ,we were then told that the room would not be vacated until 2pm !!! But an hour afer that we were given a 2 bed apartment to get some shut eye before our one was ready, all complementary !!!! great service, good local knowledge excellent staff , good breakfast and great customer service . Well done , we shall return !!!	
Apr 30 2009 	Clean comfortable and friendly hotel	We chose to stay at the Arjaan due to the good reviews it had recieved on Trip advisor and we were not dissapointed.Before travelling to dubai I had sent an email to Mr Horca who is the reservations manager requesting a room on a higher level and also if we could have a cake ready in our room on arrival for our daughter, who was celebrating her 9th birthday, both of these requests were fulfilled, they even gave us fresh fruits and dates. we were upgraded to a 3 bedroom apartment on the 20th floor which had three balconies and lovely views of the sea, marina and Media city. The apartment was very clean and spacious with fresh linen everyday.The only downside of the hotel is the location there is nowhere in walking distance from the hotel, but Jumeira walk is a short drive away and has some lovely restaurants.	
Apr 26 2009 	Excellent!!!	We arrived on an early flight with 2 children aged 13 and 9 and checked into the Arjaan at 7am. Very soon, we had been shown to our apartment on 21st floor and been upgraded to a 3 bedroomed apt, when we had originally booked a 2 bed. The apartment was huge and beautifully presented. There was a full kitchen incl cooker and washing machine. The rooms were cleaned every day and it was such luxury to have all the bed linen and towels changed daily. We had 3 balconies, all of which had their own wicker furniture with comfy cushions. The pool wasn't huge but an adequate size and the sunbeds were very comfortable. There are only about 20 sunbeds available, but we had no problem getting one every day we were there. The only negative things i can say, although they are only minor gripes, are that the tumble dryer got so hot that it shrank a couple of our clothes. Also the hotel cabs are more expensive. We just walked out of the hotel and hailed one nearby. Dubai has become very expensive but the apartment scenario is fantastic value. Try a walk up to The Walks for restaurants (about 25 mins stroll) and get your drinks for during the day from the supermarket. I would highly recommend this place.	
Apr 24 2009 	Wonderful Stay for our First Time in Dubai : 0 )	We arrived at the Arjaan at 8am (Check in at 2pm) and were immediately offered breakfast while we waited for our room to be available. Five minutes later, we were shown our first room which had a fabulous view over the Gulf. Sadly, we needed to twin beds for our children and there was a king sized bed but we were swiftly moved to another two bedroom apartment which was HUGE! It had three bathrooms, two bedrooms, kitchen and dining/lounge area. The views were incredible and unexpectingly, we also received Arabian sweets, fruit, a beautiful hand made chocolate cake........and a fabulous flower arrangement of white lilies and orchids!! WOW!!The Staff cannot do enough for you and they all knew our names. Taxis were not a problem as we were on the main road too.....I would recommend The Arjaan Hotel Apartments to anyone!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Amazing hotel cant recommend it enough !!!!!	Have stayed here a number of times and keep coming back - what more can I say. The staff are amazingly helpful and the rooms have to be experienced to be believed – they are so large and opulent. When I checked in last I was upgraded to a one bed premium room with its own swimming pool. Unfortunately the pool was out of order on this occasion. Location is really handy if you have business around internet or media cities and it is right beside the beach strip with some other great hotels for nightlife and restaurants.	
Apr 11 2009	Loved the Arjaan.	I booked 7 nights in a standard classic one bedroom apartment, on check in I was upgraded to a 3 bedroom apartment. It was amazing, two king bedrooms, one twin, maids room, and 5 bathrooms. Huge kitchen, dining room, living room and numerous balconies. Hotel was spotless the beds changed nearly everyday. There are only 2 things that I was disappointed with in the Arjaan. The pool area is lovely and has a heated pool, but there are only 20 sunloungers at the pool so if you are not up before 9.30 am all the sunloungers are gone and you have to sit on the grass. Also it was extremely difficult to get a taxi from the front of the hotel at peak times as the entrance is not on the main road and taxis do not pass the hotel entrance. Overall, I had a wonderful time in the Arjaan and would recommend it to friends/family.	
Mar 29 2009 	Could do better than staying here.	Great Rooms, Great Staff, but there is a 6 lane highway outside the front of the hotel and it is far too noisy to sleep. If you must stay here then get a room as high up as possible and round the back. The traffic noise is way to much to spend any relaxing time by the pool and the hotel has no life or soul! Location is poor as nowhere is really within walking distance. BUT BE PREPARTED TO BE RIPPED OFF FOR THE EXTRAS - £ per hour for the imnternet and I made a 9 min call home to the UK and got charged £28 for the privilege. Would nrew stay here again. If you must stay in Media City then I suggest the Radison up the road.	
Mar 5 2009 	Exceptional service with excellent amenities	I don't normally write reviews for anything, but this hotel just blew our minds so here you go :)Our flight to Dubai landed at 4.45am, so we requested an early check-in, expecting it to be around 9 or 10am (check-in is normally at 2pm). So we were delightfully surprised when the hotel concierge told us that our room would be ready in 5-10mins! We were even more surprised when we were told that our room had been upgraded to a premium room (usually costing around 2,500dhs a night!).When we walked into our room, we were amazed! The room was very spacious and beautifully presented - we even had our own private pool on our balcony overloking the ocean and the palm! - it actually wasn't just a room - it had a kitchen, a dining room, a huge living room, 2 bathrooms, a massive bedroom, and 3 balconies!Everything about the Arjaan was great - especially the service!Arjaan is located in Dubai Media City in Jumeirah, so it is quite central to most things. Its about a 20minute ride to/from the airport, costing around 80dhs in an airport taxi, or around 50dhs in a normal taxi (we only caught the airport taxi as we had such an early flight into Dubai!).Although the hotel is quite central, you still need to catch taxis everywhere as you cannot walk anywhere in Dubai (it is all motorways and construction work).The Emirates Mall, Ibn Battuta Mall, The Souk Matina, Wild Wadi, The Burj Al Arab and Atlantis on The Palm are all very close to the hotel - costing around 15dhs in a taxi.We also went to the Gold Souk which was definitely an experience! Catch the abras (water taxis) to get to the Gold Souk - it will only set you back 1 dhs and it is also an experience not to be missed! (put on your haggling hat at the gold souk!)The Desert Safari is also highly recommended! We had a great time with the sand dune bashing, camel rides, henna tattoos, smoking shisha, and so on. We pre-booked the package with Orient Tours, which was a really good company - very well organised (except for when we were confirming our booking in Dubai - that was a bit frustrating).All in all, a very enjoyable trip to Dubai with some much needed sun and warmth (after spending our first Winter in London!)	
Feb 23 2009 	Good Hotel and Location	Just back on Saturday from the Arjaan. Good Points - `Very nice room (we got a free upgrade to a 3 bed apartment) it had 3 bathrooms and 4 balconies! It was absolutely gorgeous on the 27th floor with fab views of the city and the gulf. Things like that do not normally happen to us! The location of the hotel is good you are reasonably close to a lot of 'nice' restaurants and hotels with bars. It was also really easy to get taxis and relatively inexpensive.Staff are very courteous and polite and keen to make your stay comfortable and enjoyable. Pool area is very nice and does get the sun (I was a bit worried about this!). Room service was efficient and the food we ordered was of a very good standard for hotel room service food. Lobby and communal areas are lovely and quite opulent.'Bad' points - I put this in inverted commas as it's not really that bad. The pool area was very busy and the 2 days we tried to go down we could not get a sun lounger. Also the grass area (where you have to lie on towels if there are no loungers) is directly underneath the speaker which plays loud and annoying kids 'party' music (think Vengaboys and Aqua!). We ended up giving up and going to the additional expense of getting taxis to Jumeirah Beach Park. They need to get more sunbeds and organise the area better.The staff are from India or are oriental and sonme of their English is not that good. This means there can be some miscommunication, especially when you are asking them to make reservations etc. All in all Dubai was a fantastic place to visit. Would reccommend Bar 44 in Grosvener House Hotel and also Vu Bar in Emirates Towers. Emirates Mall was great as was Mercato and the Beach Park is definitely worth a visit if you're into that!	
Feb 21 2009 	Outstanding	Great staff, full service hotel, room service must be experienced - excellent, very reasonable prices can be negotiated. Call for a city taxi - hotel taxis are a lot higher [also better &lt;grin&gt;].	
Feb 6 2009 	Excellent!! Loved the Arjaan	We have just returned from a week at the Arjaan Rotana. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. We stayed in the 2BDR Deluex apartment. It was more than enough space for my party. There was a microwave, stove, washing machine and fridge. The attendants were wonderful, assisting us in getting taxis and arranging tours. The breakfast was hearty and a wide variety and selection. There is also a bank, salon and spa on the premesis. I absolutely enjoyed my stay in this hotel and Dubai as a whole. The only CON is that since the hotel is very new (opened in Oct '08) some taxis may not know the location.	
Jan 12 2009	We recommend it	We spent 5 nights in Arjaan, we paid AED3500 (taxes and service charges not included) I think it was a good value for money. We really liked the hotel. At first we thought it was kind of isolated, away from everything. But then we found out that you very often have that feeling in Dubai because there isn’t any street life (no shops or coffee shops, etc) and you have to take a taxi everywhere you go. So it was perfectly fine. The Mall of the Emirates is very close from the hotel (in a taxi) so it was a very good base (from the Mall we took the tourist bus and we enjoyed the ticket for two days). The hotel stuff found taxis for us all the time. But sometimes a very kind man came to us and asked if we needed a taxi. It was a kind of “private taxi” with a meter and everything. He said it was the same price. But no, the meter suddenly was in a bigger hurry than regular taxis. A trip to the Mall was usually AED15-17 but in these taxis it was AED30. A couple of times we took those taxis anyway because we didn’t want to wait, but otherwise you can say no thank you and wait for a regular one. The hotel is really new, the taxi drivers never heard of it (which it happens to them all the time because they build so many hotels in Dubai). A good landmark was “Media City behind the Radisson Hotel”. From there we could guide them because it was a bit tricky to find the main entrance. Because it was so new the room was excellent, very clean and comfortable. When we arrived around four in the afternoon the room was not ready yet and we had to wait almost 45min. It would have been nice of them if they offered us a welcome drink or just a glass of water or a tea. There was a living room and a kitchen with all the facilities, but we missed a microwave to heat the breakfast for our child (we were traveling with a 10 month old baby). The internet was not included in the price of the room and we thought that that is not that nice nowadays (it was fine for some years ago, but today we think it should be included). We stayed in Abu Dhabi before and it was included and we thought that would be the same in Dubai. My husband was taking care of few issues from work and we just bought a couple of hours to log on and we didn’t want to spend more in that service.The restaurant was ok but not great. One of the waiters explained to us that the real restaurants were not opened yet and there were we were, was only the coffee shop. Then we understood better the menu. The breakfast was not included in the price. We went twice and we were not very happy. The third day we walked to the Radisson and the breakfast was AED20 more expensive. We tried and we liked it much more. We thought it was the money worth and for the next days we took breakfast at the Radisson. There is a congress center in the hotel and it looks like some shop will open someday, but at the moment that side it was empty. There is a little place where you can have your manicure and pedicure done and it was very good. The pool was nice and the gym and the rest of the amenities very neat and clean, really nice, too.When we left we took a taxi and the hotel stuff loaded our luggage. When we arrived I show a good bump on one of the suitcases, it seems like they closed the boot and they hit the suitcase. It bothered me that they hadn’t said a word to us. I wanted to contact the hotel with that issue (I took pictures) but as today I haven’t done that because we have been too busy, so I don’t know how the hotel management would have react. All in all we enjoyed our stay in the hotel.	
Jan 9 2009 	Recommended	I have stayed at the Arjaan with my partner for 3 months and we love it. I cannot say anything bad about the hotel, the apartments are fantastic, very modern with a morrocan theme, the views are spectacular, the staff always friendly and helpful, the food lovely, wonderful pool and fully equipped gym. In a great location, easy access to anywhere in Dubai.The only downside if you like a drink is it is a muslim hotel therefore they do not serve alcohol however as long as you pick some up from Duty Free on your way in to the country you can drink in your room and there are plenty of hotels near by that you can use their restaurants and bars.I would recommend this hotel to absolutely anyone.	
Oct 26 2008 	glad to be here :)	the greatest hotel i have ever been in my life .i really liked every simple thing in it from gate to gate , beginning of reception which was fabulous , the staff were very helpful with lovely smile , even lefts were amazing !i've stayed with my friend in 2 bedrooms executive suite , rooms are spacious , forniture are totally elegant and luxury the kitchen has fully equipments , and evey room has its own bathroom , and there is 3rd in living room.i loved the view , front the see , you can see burj alarab in right side , and marina area in lift side .the hotel located in dubai media center , so you will be surrounded by channels and jounals buildings .and you won't be far away from biggest malls in dubai ( emirates mall and ibn batuta mall ) , and near of dubai marina where you can find the lovely &quot;walk&quot; place and its restorants and coffees .i haven't tried room service in this hotel or its restorants but i guess they are as good as other services in this hotels .the swimming pool in 1st floor was fantastic , also the bar next to it . i know my words won't be good enugh to give this hotel the right describe , but after all , rotana arjaan will be my 2nd home in dubai .	
Nov 16 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
