	Very pleasant stay at a very accomodating hotel	I recently stayed two nights at the Ritz Carlton in Dubai. I was on a tightly scheduled business trip so a comfortable and hassle-free hotel stay was a must. After clearing customs around 8PM, I grabbed a taxi to the hotel. I was absolutely amazed at how much traffic there is in the Marina area. It took nearly 30 minutes to get from the main road to the hotel itself which is right on the beach/water and across the street from all of the marina towers, stores and restaurants. People sure like to cruise this part of town!!When the taxi pulled up to the hotel I received a very warm welcome from the leader of the bell staff. He cordially took my bags, asked if there were any papers I needed in my briefcase to facilitate check-in (nice touch!) and let me know he would be waiting for me after check-in to assist in any way possible. I describe this because sometimes the bell staff at a hotel is very aggressive in the way they almost lunge for your bags. Here they took a moment saw that I was tired and could use some assistance and then lent it naturally and professionally.While checking in, he also brought a glass of sparkling cider in a champagne flute that was quite refreshing after breathing airplane air for 14 hours. Check in went smoothly but unfortunately no upgrades were available due to &quot;high occupancy&quot;. (They were sold out!).I was escorted into my room, providing with a brief description of where important things were and how they worked (hey a weird TV/DVD player or strange air conditioner can be daunting when very jet lagged). He also saw that there was no ice in the room and had some brought up right away. I thanked / tipped him and started to unpack and relax.I travel a lot so I have a routine. I like to get everything put away and cleaned up before I start checking out the rest of the hotel so that was next. Storage was very good with a good number of hangers and extra pillows. Got to have those extra pillows so you can work from the bed when you get tired of the desk.Internet was a bit pricey at 100dh / ~$28 for 24 hours and the ethernet cable they had in the room was broken. I had one of my own so, no worries.The furniture in the rooms is nice enough and can be seen in pictures posted by others. It's a bit too &quot;bank furniture&quot; for my taste but the desk chair is comfy and the bed, bedding and pillows are great for sleeping.The grounds are immaculate. There are are 3 or 4 pools including one with a water slide for kids and one just for adults. The vegetation was very lush and nicely tended too all day. Crowds gather around the pools, on the connecting lawns and down onto the beach towards the water but it never feels crowded. You really need to spend some time walking on the beach. What was amazing to me was how clean it was and what incredible shells there were that washed up with the tide. In so many other countries the beaches have been picked clean and can't hold a candle to the ones here. From the beach you can see the Atlantis in the distance and can just make out the Burj Al Arab off to the right.I did not have an opportunity to eat in the hotel restaurants but did order room service as it fit best with my out of whack body clock. Everything I ordered came exactly as requested and my add-on request for one other item was delivered in an instant.I did work with the concierge to arrange a car service but just ending up using their car for the trip back to the airport (it was a pristine BMW 750Li) as an interim stop at the Burj al Arab did not work out as you can't just drop in and have a drink at the bar but rather you must book a &quot;cocktail package&quot; and they were fully booked that evening.The front desk staff, shop attendants and folks in the grand lobby (where the daily tea is served) were all as eager to please and friendly as one could hope for. It was just a short trip but I would gladly stay here again when I have more time to relax.	
Nov 19 2009 	GREAT BREAK....AT A GREAT HOTEL	Just returned from a ten day break here. On the 5th floor with sea view and ue of the 'club lounge'..... pricey but excellent . Good value and quality of room excellent. Great customer service by all..............	
Nov 13 2009 	I've never experienced service like it	Myself, My Partmer and my Son (5 years old) stayed at this gem for 1 week and it was one of the best hotels ever. The service was outstanding, they remembered our names, every single employee, down to the room cleaning staff said hello to us, focusing loads of attention to our Son every time we passed them, and it appeared genuine, not contrived at all.The childrens pool, or shall I say area devoted to them was excellent and kept our Son amused for hours. It had a very competant life guard/babysitter on guard who layed your towel out for you upon arrival. The Spa was first class and I would recommend the Indonisian Full body massage. The only thing I will say is that the drinks and restaurants were very expensive but hey it is a Muslim country, not that you could really tell, so you must expect that really because you can only really get it in the hotels. This hotels is suited to those who wish to completely unwind and relax, there is a fairly well equiped gym but no classes; yoga would have been nice amd would have suited the theme that the hotel seemed to endorse, relaxation. It was sumptious, clean and beautiful. What more can I say the staff were excellent from the moment I arrived to the moment I was asked while in the taxi, whether I definitely had everything, including my passport and thanked us sincerly for staying with them. How conciencious and sincere. Thank you Ritz for a wonderful stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	Better for vacation than business	Very nice, very clean but as well very far. Nice beach, so I recomend more for families or vacation travelers...	
Nov 7 2009 	By all means the greatest in Dubai	For the several times I have been to Dubai this time I had a wonderful time and rest - all because of a great staff, great location and best in-house restaurants. We were told that &quot;Prechic&quot; is the finest seafood restaurant in Dubai, do not believe this, we have check it out - awful service, poor wine list and very modest menu for the unbeliveble high prices! Experience Ritz restaurant &quot;Le Baie&quot; and feel the difference, by all means it is the best in Dubai now!	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel lovely staff	Stayed her for 5 nights in Sep 08 on our way back from honeymoon in Maldives. The staff were all very professional and friendly. The concierge was very helpful with organising any tours or taxis we needed and also was able to get us a reservation at the Burj Al Arab at the very last minute.Our room was a decent size but the bathroom was the most impressive. Separate shower and bath, his and her sinks. They also gave you Bvlgari products that were very lovely. Bathrobes and room slippers but also slippers and towels that could be used by the pool. Because our room was on the ground floor it meant we could open the patio doors and walk straight to the pool. Had to keep an eye on the door though as there was no way to lock it from the outside. The pool had a lovely pool bar. There is also a kids play area and slide. My husband and I being big kids could not resist having a go – which they allowed as there were no kids around.Breakfast was held in a lovely room which was nice and cosy or there was the options to have it outside. Good selection of hot or continental, nice juices, fresh bread and a lovely omelette man!There was a spa which looked really gorgeous but as we had already overspent on this honeymoon I didn’t have any of the treatments.They also left us a long box of complimentary chocolates one evening, fresh fruit another and a dessert. We looked forward to returning to our room in the evening! They even ran us a bath with petals one night.The only fault was the location. It takes a while in a taxi to get to the other side of Dubai. It is on the beach but the sand is very grey and water was a bit murky looking and as we had just left the Maldives, did not find it at all compelling. There’s a Star Bucks and few eateries nearby. I found a nearby convenience store which was good for water and snacks as I am loathed to pay hotel prices for these things. There was also a bank which was great for cash withdrawals or changing currency. The grounds were also lit up quite nicely at night which made for nice romantic strolls – although I’m not sure if this was because it was Ramadan when we went.All in all it’s a lovely hotel, would recommend it and would have no problems staying there again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Afternoon Tea at the Ritz-Carlton Dubai - great value great service	Afternoon tea at the Ritz-Carlton is a delight and hidden gem that few know about - even the local expats. The ambiance is that of calming, swishing fans and colonial sumptuousness. At $75 per person it is also the greatest value a 5 star hotel can offer in Dubai when you consider that the Burj Dubai offers a very poor afternoon tea at $175 per person and which includes a glass of champagne, but doesn't include all the different types of tea!Seating for afternoon tea is informal and served either outside on the large and comfortable balcony with a view, or inside if it is too hot. The best and romantic seat inside the hotel is the one overlooking the balcony, sea and gardens. The seating arrangements are ample regardless of your choice and never feels overcrowded. Privacy is guaranteed although this can mean that you have to wave at a waiter for top-ups.The choice of teas on offer is wide and may take not a little while to read through while you weigh up the risk of being adventurous or keep to the tried and tested varieties. The list includes the more exotic teas (e.g. date tea). Remember to ask for your pot to be piping hot otherwise it can arrive tepid which is no joy to someone who enjoys the real taste of infused tea. The finger sandwiches and open sandwiches are fun and interesting. For those with a sweet tooth the choice of gateaux and tarts are a good combination of European style and a few Arab sweets. In terms of quantity, there are enough cakes to share with three people - or rather you have to be rather hungry to even try half the cakes, but only one person can eat the sandwiches. The scones are delicious, but for those who know what 'clotted' cream really tastes like, the cream is neither Devonshire, Cornish or in any way 'clotted' despite the fact that this is available in Dubai. We think it is thickened single cream and, to the non-conoisseurs, can still be a pleasant combination with your strawberry jam.The napkins are a bit small considering the amount of food on offer, so either ask for a large one, or several. The overall presentation can only be described as indulgent Ritz-Carlton standard. Definitely a gem.We understand that staff training has been stepped up and the F&amp;B team should be commended for this. During our second visit, we were treated like royalty - something you expect with a brand like the Ritz-Carlton.	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice Location 	Indeed a 4 star, unique decoration, friendly staff, spacious rooms. I did booked Deluxe room with king size bed, at 5th floor with balcony facing the Beach/swimming pool and view of Burj Al Arab and Atlantis from far. Swimming pool area is great. Need to improve the Gym equipment and attedant to be there. Splendido restaurant management need improve as there was no control of guests during the breakfast and not enough space to sit.	
Aug 17 2009 	Most amazing hotel ever	Wow - where to start o.k. so after reading a couple of not great reviews describing hotel as chintzy but luckily reading more recent reviews that were much more positive we booked this extraordinary hotel for the last two nights of our honeymoon. We have been travelling for a month and when we arrived at 5.30am to check in (hours before the 3pm official check in time) were told our room was not quite ready but would we like tea in the lobby whilst this was sorted. 20 minutes later and after the best tea I've ever had we were told our room was ready and were usered there to sink into the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The rooms are beautiful, not 'chintzy' but classic and charming. The Ritz Carlton offers everything you could possibly want. Go Club as this is not much more and offers so much. Right now I'm sipping complimentary champagne, I've had a wonderful breakfast, lunch and afternoon tea. Tonight we'll have canapes and cocktails all on the house!If we're too hot someone appears with ice cold towels, if we're peckish then there's a knock at the door with chocolate dipped strawberries and so much more......If you're coming to Dubai and you want to stay in a classy, truly beautiful hotel choose the Ritz Carlton.... float on your back in the clear blue sea, watch the camels sauntering along the beach or just relax by the pool with jacuzzis, streams and waterfalls. We'll be back for our anniversary or a birthday or just any excuse to come back.There is only one hotel in Dubai with 7 stars - this hotel should have 8!	
Aug 3 2009 	Heaven	What a trip; this was a short break with an unbelievable experience.We arrived at Dubai airport and was met by a driver from the Ritz Carlton who ushered us through the passport control with ease. We got into the luxury stretch car and was greeted with a cool bottle of water and ice cold flannel. The 30 min drive was an experience in itself looking at the vastness of Dubai and enormous luxuries buildings.On arrival at the Ritz we were greeted with great professionalism and friendliness. As a prize winner in the BA Christmas raffle we were treated no different to any other paying customer.The whole experience of the luxuries entrance hall was magical. Our luggage was taken to our room which was on the ground floor overlooking the splendid pool with its waterfall and flowing water. This seemed too magical; we were in a different world. The staff were absolutely superb, as we ventured out into the pool gardens we were greeted by one of the many staff who escorted us to a sunbed which we requested and fully equipped the beds with towels. The lunch at the pool side bar was splendid and reasonably priced. The food was of a high standard and the staff efficient and relaxed. Our afternoon walk on the beach which the hotel gardens lead onto was an experience with the soft smooth sands. The hotel was such a joy; the experience of a lifetime watching exotic birds flying by, but most of all was the friendly pleasant staff from the morning breakfast experience to the late room service. The hotel was small enough to make the experience intimate and friendly. After passing some of the larger hotels in the area which looked unorganised and too busy the experience of the Ritz was a joy.I would fully recommend the Ritz-Carlton to anyone who was travelling to Dubai who just wanted a quiet, relaxing and friendly experience. If who want the hustle and bustle the Ritz is not the hotel for you.We must thank the Ritz-Carlton for a pleasurable friendly professional experience which we long to re-experience. This was our first time away from our children in 18yrs and now after this we are looking forward for more of the same.	
Jul 23 2009 	Truly enjoyable	Stayed in the RC resort for 5days during my business trip in Dubai, loved it from the moment I checked-in until the moment I checked out. The resort is located nearby Jumeira Beach, not exactly in the downtown, so you will need a taxi for in and out. Prefer the location of this resort hotel much better than in the downtown as it is less congested and much quieter. You will anyway need a taxi to anywhere in Dubai, so it’s not necessary to stay in the city centre. There is a marina walk located just outside the resort which you could take a stroll where there are some shops, restaurants and cafes along the walk, quite enjoyable except the hot weather. Right down the walk you could see other hotels such as Hilton. Stayed in the deluxe room, which has a beautiful pool and sea facing view. The room itself is pretty spacious, comes with a super cozy bed, a LCD TV, a writing desk, a small sofa, and a small balcony. The bathroom is lovely - well compartmented with a bath tub (loofah salt scrub provided), a separate shower, and a separate toilet, a safe deposit box is provided in the room as well. Fruits were provided in the room too (FOC) during my stay there but some of them were are a bit overripe (the house keeping staff did not replace the fruits which were not consumed). This resort hotel has plush pools for both kids &amp; adults, although I did not use them. There is a fitness centre which is quite well equipped. The resort hotel offers kids care centre as well which is very ideal for family vacations. There is also, a private beach available (part of Jumeira beach) which is only few steps away from the resort. Loved to spend time on the beach as it is not crowded but not too quiet at the same time. The private beach is kept clean with fine sand and blue ocean. Beach towels are provided in the room (2x) in a beach basket, they are also available from the pool service counter. Lots of sundecks provided although they are placed slightly further away from the beach (nearer to the resort greens and trees). The pool bar drinks and cocktails are on the higher price, as well as the room service, but it’s most probably normal for luxury resorts.Although I was informed the hotel was 80% occupied during my stay but I’ve never felt congested either in the resort itself, or out on the beach. Tried the buffet breakfast (costs 140 dirham) down at Splendido Cafe which was pretty good with a wide selection and quality food. Down to the staff here, they are very attentive and friendly. Special thanks to the assistant house keeping manager, Ms. Neela, my stay would not have been better!Would come back anytime!	
Jun 24 2009 	Perfect	My husband took me to Dubai to celebrate my 40th birthday and we stayed in the Ritz Carlton. With the children left at home and our first break on our own for a few years - the RC really was the icing on the cake. I was a little concerned it may be pompous, but not at all !. The hotel atmosphere was relaxed luxury; the staff were wonderful and courteous, not at all intrusive. On the day of my birthday a cake and hand signed (by numerous staff members) card was delivered to our room along with a beautiful floral display. Location is great ,on the marina walk with eateries and shops. Lovely pool, gardens, beach etc. I really have no critism.Would i go back - you bet!	
May 24 2009 	Great place to spend time in Dubai	We just came back from a week of vacation at the Ritz Carlton in Dubai. - Whilst we do not care that much about Dubai as such (don't expect that you can dive into the arabian culture...) the Ritz Carlton provided everything for a great stay. - Very caring staff, great pool for kids, nice beach (but don't expect to see sealife when you snorkel) - all element made for a great vacation.We particularly liked the Arabic Dinner under the tents in the garden area. Excellent food!	
Apr 22 2009 	Exquisite	very good business hotel. A must stay for comfort and privacy.	
Mar 23 2009 	Very Very Disappointing	I was very shocked to get such a bad bad service in the prperty such as Ritz carlton. We are talking about one of the best luxry cahins in the world!!!I am terrified!I had one of the most unpleasent treatments and experiences in the past year. I tried meet with one my friends in the lobby of the hotel and it took me 45 min to reach it, as from the entrance of the hotel-so silly and so unprofessional. As i was driving to ener the hotel area, some of their employees was waving in the street directiong me rudly with no exp-lanations to the exit of the driving hotel area-Where in the world you are entering through the exit?even when i asked, jhe was just screaming at me to pass by. since i had no other choice i did it, and i came in front of the hotel, useless waiting for anyone from a valet parking....there was a big bus and everyone was running around it, and the rest of the people around were just ignored!so so bad!finally i entered the prohibited area on my own with my car,after losing another half an hour, and since i had no choice i left the car there. with no single indication how to reach the lobby from the hotel parking, i came all tired and excausted to the lobby after trying to find anyone to ask(no signs anywhere-even in the guest elevators)about the way to the lobby. i tried to explain to the guest realtion desk what happened,and to explain that it is impossible to give such a service to anyone- and the only thing they said is:Mam, we are sorry but we have a big group coming!i believe that I dont have to say anything anymore!My friend was already there and i had to be there for another 15 minutes unfortunatly, of course with 4 waiters around, and noone to assist you. even after seeing my frustartion, no one even tried to give me a glass of water or anything to try to correct the complete misbehaviour of everyone...i tried to call waitresses several times, and they were just passing by seeing empty glasses from prevous guests and not picking them up!at the end they served a glass of wine to my friend not even mentioning that the glass of sauvignon blanc is 20 euros( 100 Dhs)!I am sure that you have to say this before you order anything! I was in dubai more than 20 times, visiting most of the hotels,and beign completely disappointed with the disappointed with the service and places visited fgor the pruice we woul pay, but this was one of the worste time ever!I willl never ever go back there, and i will stronlgy reccommend to anyone to choose any of the other dubai hotels(even 3-4 star)since i am sure they will get much better treatment there!	
Oct 20 2008	enjoyable staybut not flawless	We have just returned from our 6 nights stay at the RC. It is really a very good property with that personal touch that makes your stay very special. The best thing about the hotel is that is very quiet and reserved. Very attentive staff,everyone know your name after 2 days.Surprisingly,there room for criticism,even in a hotel like this.Hot water in the shower took and unbelivably long time to arrive,and when arrive it was difficult to be balanced with the cold one.Sice we were on our honeymoon they provided us flower petals in the tub. Ok good for the first day &quot;wow&quot; factor,but then the staff did not removed it for the next 4 days.....unaccetable.And the flies. Yes...the beautiful pool is invaded by flies,it really makes relax impossible.The major problem is location anyway. This hotel is away from everything and it takes an unbelivable taxi time to go everywhere. Sometimes the taxis take long time to arrive as behind the hotel there's a fully operational construction site,near the Marina. We choose to use the hotel BMW many times as not only taxi take long time to go everywhere,but taxi drivers all drive like psychos and many don't even know their way around town..We stayed at the Al Qasr after the RC and it has been unbelivably better and beautiful for the same price.Will not go back to the RC.	
Oct 8 2008 	As Usual Excellent Service	Spent 9 nights at Ritz Carlton Dubai; our third visit there. As usual the service is superb and great attention to detail although at breakfast the fruit was melon, melon and more melon. Last year there was an abundance of strawberries and this year missing.I did think they needed to look at small details such as the carpet which led from the lobby lounge down to the lifts. It is very very stained and as it is a piece probably measuring 15ft by 4ft surely it could be replaced? These little things add up.The staff were as ever fantastic. Would we go again? Yes.	
Sep 28 2008 	Fantastic retreat from bustling Dubai... but at a price!	I've stayed together with my wife at this great hotel during 4 nights. I must say: wow! This is clearly one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at!I've booked a Club room at a fairly good price (but just because it was Ramadan!). As soon as we arrived, we were escorted from the beautifully decorated lobby to the Club lounge where we were checked-in. No room was available before 3 pm, so we had to wait for about three hours. That wasn't a problem, as we could grab some food at the lounge and then soak into the warm Persian Gulf.All the room at the Club level are sea view. We were quite far away from the lounge, but that wasn't an issue. The room looks VERY nice, very classic in design! It is big (more than 50 sqm) and airy. There is a small balcony with chairs overlooking the pool, and a very comfortable sofa. The bed is very comfortable, and the room was equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine and honor bar (the former was free). There is a walk-in closet and the bathroom has separated wc/bidet and shower + bathtub. I rate the room top notch, really!As it was our honeymoon, we were offered a lot of chocolates and a rose petals bath plus a nice rose petals heart in the bed... nice touch!Service at the lounge was great, everybody was very polite and ready to help. I liked the personal service they offered you, that was great! Calling you by name, etc.... Those sort of things that make a stay a better one :)Drinks and food in the lounge were abundant, of a good quality yet a bit repetitive. Alcohol was served after 7.30 pm, with fre flowing wines, champagne (Moet-Chandon) and spirits!The swimming pool of the hotel are big and nice in layout. We particularly liked the spa pool, a bit out of the way but secluded, relaxed and with jacuzzi! Towels were available throughout the area, and ice-cold towels were provided as well. The beach is ample, sandy and the water is clean. You have a wanderful view over the Palm Jumeirah and the Atlantis hotel from there.The hotel boasts squash and tennis courts, spa and beauty salon. The spa/changing oom is wonderful! Every locker room has its own slippers, towel and bathrobe! There are saunas, steam rooms and jacuzzi! The showers there are amazing, you even have your own mat! The hotel can arrange reasonably priced excursions through Arabian Adventures. We took the dune bashing, and we highly recommend it to everybody willing to have fun and visit the beautiful desert near Dubai.The only down of the hotel is probably the price. 500 euros is the normal &quot;discounted&quot; price for a club level room during normal time... It's honestly too much. But this is Dubai, and the service you get is really world class in every aspect.P.S:- We didn't have the chance to try the restaurants inside the hotel but I must say that both La Baie and the italian restaurant Splendido looked great (I just took a look at the menus).	
Aug 25 2008 	15 Nights in the Ritz...Fantastic but could be better	After the Arabian Court last year a much welcome return to the Ritz Carlton. We stayed in one of the Club Room's with access to the Club Lounge. Before I go any further ....I would just like to thank the Club Level Team of Farouk , Mary Anne, Dominique, the ever bubbly Christina, Louise and Daria to name but a few. First class service and really nice individuals into the bargain!Thank you for the wonderful stay.Upon arrival we were wisked up to the Club Lounge where we checked in and had a drink and a bite to eat....The room was ready within 30 mins of our arrival ( We arrived about 07:00 and check in should not have been until 2pm) and just every bit identical to the Delux Rooms on floors 1-4. Only difference was the Steam generator in the Shower enclosure..oh and the New LCD Tv's that were added from our last stay. As ever the hotel was quiet and elegent. Judging by the amount of guests staying I would say it was running at 50% occupancy. Which was just ideal for us....the Hotel's Main Pool had no more than about 10 people in at at anyone time. However we voted for the Pool at the Spa on a daily basis....NO KIDs were allowed in this pool unless Supervised and if they were not, the Life Guard soon removed them. ( Not really sure if all the guests knew it was there). Anyway, it felt as if you were in your own private Villa only being disturbed by the waiters every now and again........with free fruit Kebabs and enquiring if we wished anything to drink which was most welcome as a few days were hitting 50oC and the Humidity was out of this world.This Hotel, in my opinion caters for the relaxed and refined atmosphere market and a Heaven in Dubai for some peace and quiet.However I have only two concerns / observations about this Hotel this time:- 1) The Restaurants...we ate in &quot;Splendido&quot; during our first week of our stay. The Menu was a bit Lack Luster and Dated. The standard of the food and the presentation left a lot to be desired and it had a &quot;Home made &quot;feel about it. We were bitterly disappointed!! But thought maybe they had an Off night.....a few days later we were approached by one of the Management Team and informed that due a quiet night in the Restaurant the Chef would like to offer you a complementary dinner for two! (along with the other Club Level Guests.) just about everyone and taken up his kind offer when we arrived :-). I don't mean to appear ungrateful here, but I don't think I would take up his offer again..Free or not! The food was just as it was the last time. Not the 5 star Delux Ritz Carlton standards I was expecting and Sadly if you do not like Sushi that leaves the other Restaurant out as Well &quot;La Baie&quot;. In my humble opinion these restaurants are the only Achilles Heel in the Ritz Carlton's Armour. My second and final gripe is &quot;We&quot; were a tad disapointed with the facilities in the Club Lounge. We had to ask one of the Team to turn off the Music that had been doing my head in for 4 days running...there was a problem with the music system that played the same song over, over and over and then over again...Next day new equipment arrived and the Club Team were as relieved as we were...I can tell you!!! It was about half the size of the club lounge in the Ritz in Bahrain and all you had to keep you entertained was the lounge music.....and a complementry Lap top to do a bit of surfing. Off the main lounge was a seperate room which would have been a lot better utilised as a TV room for the Guests rather than a Kiddies playroom which was never used during our 15 nights......I suggest to New General Manager gets over to Bahrain for a visit and bring back their facilities. Oh and finally on the Club Level gripes...the food was wayyyyy too repetitive....absolutely fine if you are there for a few days but anymore than 7 days you start too get a bit ...mmmm...oh god I can't eat another egg mayo mini roll. However everything else was just Fabulous and the complementry drinks were much welcomed...( Well you do pay for the priviledge) all in all it was pretty good value for money considering the wine and Champagne costs etc in Dubai. You want a dinner reservation at any other hotel in Dubai you just need to ask the Club staff or anything else that you need during your stay.I have touched on this at the start of this review that one of the best things about this Hotel are it's staff. From the moment you arrive at the door to be met by big Harmony and his band of Merry men, the hotel Chauffers, Pools staff etc etc etc I could go on but won't!.......Will I be back to the Ritz Carlton Dubai?????? You bet I will! As no other hotel comes close for the peace and Quiet and intimate atmosphere.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Stay	I really enjoyed my stay at the Ritz Carlton Dubai. Everyone there was extremely nice and always willing to help me in any way possible. The concierge staff was one of the best I have ever met. The rooms were very nice. The beds were the most comfortable I have been on in a hotel in awhile. I have read previous reviews that the rooms were very out dated. I did not see that at all. The bathroom was especially spacious and nice. The only negative that I will point out was that the pool area was heavily populated with families and children. When I originally read about the hotel there was a children's pool mentioned which led me to believe the main pool was for adults only. That is not the case. It was hard to relax and enjoy the pool with all the noise and splashing.Just a side note... this hotel is definitely not close to most of what there is to do in Dubai. Be prepared to spend time in Taxi's getting to where you want to go. I was in room 419. It was a great location with a great view. I highly reccommend it.	
May 25 2008 	Better than most and far more personal.	What a nice change to find a small, very personal hotel in the building site known as Dubai.I thought the place was excellent, very friendly, good service and not too busy even though the place was almost full.I have stayed at most along the beach including the One and Only resorts, Meridians, Burj and must admit i thought it to be the best.If you are looking for pure tourist bedlem then dont stay here, but if you want a sun lounger pre-set with towels drinks etc every day set in your favourite place then this is the hotel for you.The staff could not be faulted, the food excellent and general feel of the hotel very calming and a real touch of class.Dont get me wrong there is not really a bad hotel along the beach but if you want something a little quieter with a little more quality then this is your place.	
May 11 2008 	Not 5 Star go to One 	The Ritz-Carlton Dubai, what can I say, great Nigerian guy at reception, very friendly, extremely helpful and pleasant hostesses Christina at the VIP Club Suite and great cherry tomatoes at their signature restaurant “La Baie”. Everything else was very poor. This is the first time I have ever felt the need to write a hotel review but the comical farce of errors experienced in 24 hours at the Ritz has left me basically with no choice. At USD 700 a night, I expect a lot and I simply did not get it. Let’s begin:Upon check-in we were ushered up to the VIP Suite where out of date fruit was available. I was asked to sign my check-in bill where the price quoted was USD 1000. I complained that I was quoted a much lower price. It was quickly fixed. From that we went to the spa where inside, there was a notice, drink plenty of water prior to using the steam room / sauna. Good idea I though, let’s get some water. The search began, I looked everywhere and off course there was no water. Finally I asked the Spa attendant and he returned several minutes later with a fairly warm bottle of water. The spa was disappointing, very dated, very small and no chill out sun loungers. There wasn’t room to swing a cat. After an hour, I wandered to the pool, amazing, lush and plenty of palm trees and green soft grass. I started to cheer up, and then went looking for a sun lounger. I could not find any. Finally one appeared and I asked for an additional lounger for my wife and an umbrella to fight of the 40 degrees heat that was baking down. Simple request for a 5 star hotel. It took 30 minutes to get the additional sun lounger and the umbrella comes on the third request. It was not the waiters fault, there was only two in total. Not once did someone come and offer me a drink, bearing in mind the extreme Dubai temperatures. Night-time and it was off the join friends at &quot;La Baie&quot; and to be frank, we were very disappointed with the service that we received.Upon receipt of our bread basket, we requested olive oil and balsamic vinegar - we were still awaiting this at 11 p.m. despite the waiter assuring us that he would &quot;try to provide this&quot;. As an European fusion restaurant, I would assume that this would be readily available. We were offered a second bread basket (Please note, we did not ask for such). We responded by saying that yes, that would be appreciated - again, we were still waiting such at 11 p.m.!! The four of us ordered the chef's special - sword fish accompanied by rocket, raspberry and potato cake. Upon arrival, we all enthused about the flavour however were incredibly disappointed with the portion size. We are all very familiar with restaurant dining, however believed this portion to be, quite frankly, on the rather mean side especially considering the price of USD 57. Due to this, we enquired whether it would be possible to have additional potato cakes however were told that as these were a chef's speciality were limited, therefore we were offered the option of rosemary potatoes which we accepted. Upon receipt of such (we required one portion, however two were delivered to the table and subsequently charged for!!), to our horror, we discovered that they were under cooked. Again, we are very conscious of &quot;al dente&quot; vegetables however this usually applies to green/root vegetables and I have never experienced potatoes cooked in this manner. Frankly, quite impossible to digest. We had ordered a bottled of Chilean Cabernet Sauvignon to accompany our meal. A member of our party requested a further glass of the same, of which the remaining three also decided to follow suit. Upon tasting, I knew instantly that this was a different wine however the Sommelier insisted that no, it was exactly the same - a Merlot!! We asked to see the wine menu in order to show the gentleman what we had previously ordered, however after requesting the menu on four separate occasions, we continued to wait!! Eventually, it was established that we had been drinking a Cabernet Sauvignon and NOT a Merlot but I do not expect to have to liaise and negotiate with a Sommelier when we are the customers!!Next morning, it was off to Breakfast. We went into the restaurant and it all looked good. We ordered tea and orange juice, had a read of the newspaper and then went up to get the food from the counters. There was a total of 2 couples there, on the way back down to the table, I was shocked to see that the waitress in her efficiency had totally cleared out table, orange juices, newspapers and teas. We sat down at the same table and re-ordered everything once again. As you can see from the above points, ours was not a particularly enjoyable experience. We spoke with Jorge Mejia (we think Assistant Manager) to comment upon our grudges however did not receive a satisfactory response. Upon paying the bill, we also spoke to Osama Wannous but no form of recompense was offered. All in all forget this place, it you want five star in Dubai go to the One &amp; Only or Le Meriden. These are the real 5 star hotels.	
May 6 2008 	Excellent Service Comfortable Rooms a Bit out of the Way	The service was excellent, on par with other Ritz Carlton hotels. The concierge was friendly and the staff was attentive. The pool was average. The hotel is a bit out of the way so you need to take a cab everywhere, not walking distance to anything. At the same time, if you stayed anywhere else, you'd still have to take cabs everywhere.I didn't stay there but we had dinner/drinks at Madinet Jumeriah and the One and Only. They are about the same price as the Ritz and both hotels seemed better.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good Hotel but not a fan of Dubai!	Lovely hotel with all the regular stuff you'd expect from a 5 Star establishment but nothing extra special as everything in Dubai seems to be done on a hugely commerical scale. Personally, I don;t see the point of travelling all that way for shopping! The malls (albeit fantastic) are unecessary, unless on a holiday, you are a shopaholic handbag freak that gets the shakes when they haven't been to Bluewater for at least 3 days! I couldn't get my head around the fact that I was in Dubai and yet standing in front of M &amp; S with Debenhams &amp; Boots around the corner! weird!!Although the food was good, the ambience was lacking and we struggled to find other placess to eat that didn't have that 'Disney Feel'. The Spa treatments where outstanding ( and trust me I've been to the best)!It's not a place that I personally would go back to but that said, if your looking for 'winter sun' and especially if you have kids, then this is a great place for you. Its safe &amp; theres plenty of family based activities but for us it was a bit like a 5 star Butlins (Dubai, not the hotel)!I wouldn't recommend it for couples that enjoy an ambling holiday of peace &amp; quiet with quaint restaurants and culture - if you want that then hold out until June &amp; go for the South of France or southern Italy...oh and if you don't like Disnleyland or shopping malls then forget dubai in general!	
Apr 4 2008	Disappointed	We stayed at Mina a Salam for 7 nights before coming here for a final 3 nights. Let's just say that after 1 night we were phoning other hotels to move locations. Not to say that the Ritz isn't nice, but for the money it is nothing compared to the Mina and the staff are not up to par. We had a problem with our room. It was badly furnished, dirty, noisy, but these issues were easily overlooked. However the big issue was we had asked for a room with a door between the bedroom and the living area (where our kids would sleep) and stated this was very important (my husband needed to work, we would order in dinner once the kids were asleep ect ) Anyways, the closet style doors with open slats between them were useless. This might not be a problem for most but it was important to us. When we asked politely for an alternate accommodation we were promised 3 times that someone would look into it and get back to us. After no response I left a message with the hotel manager, no reply again. For three days we could not get a reply or a resolution and so we just enjoyed the great pool, beach and weather and made the best of it. And just because my kids were tired from not being able to get to sleep and the fact that my husband had to go inside in the afternoons to get some work done was not going to cloud our holiday .... well maybe just a bit.The Mina A Salam has a better beach, pool, rooms (by far!), restaurants and SERVICE and at a price of about 20 pounds more a night for a suite.	
Apr 3 2008 	35 WA (coral)	Our stay from 18/02/08 - 22/02/08 to say a cultural shock after staying in the Madives for 14 days is an understatement - Dubai is a building site and will be the new Benidorm sad to say but true. Our friends had stayed previously and enjoyed the Residence and Spa 4 years ago (Sept baking hot still a building site!!!) We chose this time The Ritz Carlton and we all thought this was the best choice, we were not interested in staying at any of the large glitzy hotels. The Ritz was just perfect to end our celebration. The Club rooms for us were the best choice, the staff, service and quality of the food and drink was just what we hoped for. Weather was warm/sunny/cloudy chilly one evening. Pool area for kids and an Adult only pool with jacuzzi, and bubble bed. Bikes delivered beverages to the pool, comp fruit kebabs etc.On arrival and departure we were treated superbly, nothing was to much trouble. We had a fab time at the races, sit down meal with drinks, panoramic opening doors leading to balcony seats to enjoy the races. It was a superb evening booked by the Ritz and taken by their transport no problems. We also visited the Gold Souks, river taxi for photos, linen Souks and the boys played the Emirates Golf Course. Would we go back to Dubai probably but only if we could stay at the Ritz!!!	
Feb 26 2008	Pros and Cons of Dubai	This is the third time I have stayed at this hotel over the last 4 years. Thought I would point out the pros and cons of Dubai and this hotel.ProsWeather is almost guaranteed in Dubai during the winter. Mid Feb was a little chilly in the evening and defintiely take a sweater or pashmina. No upset tummiesThe Ritz Carlton is one of the most comfortable hotels in Dubai. The staff are its greatest assets.The Ritz Carlton has a Kids Club which is complimentary. Although it would only really be suitable if your children were under the age of 8.The Club Lounge (free champagne and premimum brand drinks served almost 24 hours a day). You do have to have the drinks in the Club Lounge. No taking them to your sunbed.....The hotel has a complimentary mini bus to the shopping malls, gold souks etc a couple of times a day.Taxis are cheap and can take you to say the Royal Mirage Hotel(where all the best restaurants are in my opinion!) for approx £1.50.The Ritz Carlton gardens and pool area are delightful. Although they were nearly full the hotel always seemed to be quiet.They always seem to give me an early check in. Do send them a nice email beforehand if you want this. They will always try and do what they canThe private beach is lovelyConsThere are approx 15 high rise office type blocks behind the hotel completely dwarfing the hotel which is only 6 storeys high!The restaurants are quite formal and La Baie is very expensiveThe price of alcohol and non alcoholic cocktails are verging on the outrageous. Evian water nearly £7 a bottle and no alternative offered. A small beer £6.50.......The Spa is again too highly priced. A 25 min massage was over £40.	
Feb 20 2008	WHAT A PLACE !	Best mistake ever made! Our tour operator had to book us into the Ritz Carlton as our original hotel had over-booked us. What a place! Hotel is the best ever!!! Room excellent, beach &amp; grounds the business, pure luxury, staff first class (especially Jessica @ front desk &amp; Harmony @ front of hotel), WE WILL DEFINATELY BE GOING BACK - FOR LONGER NEXT TIME !!!!	
Feb 17 2008 	Fantastic Honeymoon	We stayed at the Ritz Carlton on the 2nd week of our Honeymoon.The reception staff were very friendly and we did not have to wait for our room even though we arrived early.We stayed in a delux room which was very spacious the beds were so comfortable I even considered buying the pillows etc to take home with us.We were Bed &amp; Breakfast and thismore than kept you going throughout the day, amazing selection and the man that made all types of egg dishes was so friendly and he cooked the most perfcet poached eggs which he remembered for us each morning.The food around the pool was also of a high standard huge portions although I would suggest eating in doors just to get out of the heat. The pool boys constantly came round with ice cold towles and melon pieces to eat.I would recommend having tea at the ritz we did this a few times the cakes were very nice.We were treated really well by all the staff and with being on our honeymoon we were treated to a treat each day from our room cleaners, from rose petals in our bath to chocolate dipped strawberrys.I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again ideal for young couples honeymooners and family holidays truly an amazing place.	
Feb 8 2008 	Excellent Service	This is our fourth visit to the Ritz Carlton Dubai - our previous visit being three years ago.The reason we love it is because it is a relatively small hotel (for Dubai) and the service has always been excellent and personal. This visit was no exception. The Hotel's biggest asset is their staff - calling you by name and nothing was too much trouble. They are extremely well trained - professional and friendly without being 'over the top'.Would we go back for a 5th visit? Probably not. The rooms are looking rather worn and dated. Our room (515) had very dodgy plumbing with a poor shower and a hand held shower that squirted all over the place!! Lip service has been paid to updating the rooms by having flat screen TVs and on the club floor, a coffee making machine and kettle!! Our feeling (and we may be totally wrong) is that they were cutting corners - products not being replenished in the bathroom, night-time turndown service at 3pm in the afternoon (therefore only one service a day rather than 2). What surprised us most though was checking out. We paid our bill and 2 minutes later a gentleman was in our room checking our mini-bar to see whether we had taken anything and not declared it!!! The last time this happended to us was in a dodgy Bangkok airport hotel about 15 years ago!! it made us feel like crooks!!! There are so many good hotels in Dubai and excellent service and rooms I think they need to pull their socks up a bit and invest a bit on money on refurbishment.(4* rating because of EXCELLENT staff!)	
Jan 19 2008 	Great stay at the Ritz	I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Dubai for three nights while on a business trip and was thoroughly satisfied. I agree with some of the other tripadvisor reviews that attribute a special charm to the hotel precisely because it is not housed in a gleaming modern space of glass and steel. I might describe it as a fusion of Middle Eastern and old-European style. The beach is wide, sandy white and well-groomed. Lots of beach chairs on the sand as well as on the expansive green lawns and by the pool. My only complaint about the beach (which is applicable to all resorts in this area): this part of the Dubai coastline (Jumeirah Beach Residence) is not far from the base of the Palm Jumeirah, an enormous man-made island development that juts out into the sea; so the view of the sea is partially obstructed by a nascent skyline and a bunch of construction cranes (albeit in the far distance). I found this, at first, to be a fascinating view (and quintessential Dubai), but if your idea of vacation bliss is staring into the &quot;infinity&quot; of the sea, you might find this view to be a bit of an eyesore.The swimming pool was the perfect temperature and I thought it was neat the way the pool branched out into various canals past overhead bridges, overhanging waterfalls and poolside bars (and even a water slide for kids). The swimming area is not huge, but never seemed to get crowded. There is a good-sized tent-covered playground which my 4-year old and 1-year old would have loved. Incidentally, the weather is notoriously phenomenal in Dubai at this time of the year--sunny and 80's during the day and low 70's at night. I turned off the room A/C and kept the doors to my balcony open at all times and was comfortable around the clock.The breakfast buffet was above average--a mix of eastern and western cuisines (generally something for everybody). The outdoor seating was amid lush greenery and colorful birds. The real culinary highlight of my stay was the Lebanese buffet dinner: the grilled meats and seafood and the exotic desserts were particularly scrumptious and the Lebanese wine was surprisingly palatable. (I didn't make it to the French or Italian restaurants.)The interior of the hotel features an enormous &quot;sitting room&quot; connected to the lobby with gorgeous wooden-vaulted ceilings and chandeliers, which lends a lot of atmosphere. The sitting room leads to a large wrap-around balcony area overlooking the sea with comfy seating and which always seemed to be empty (much to my delight). Wireless internet worked well in these areas and the lobby, but not throughout the hotel or the hotel grounds. The gym was nice enough, though some of the equipment is a bit dated.My room (414?) was neither huge nor small and had a medium-sized balcony (big enough for table and two chairs) overlooking the pool area and the sea. I did notice (like other reviewers) that it seemed like a &quot;long&quot; walk to the lobby elevator. In reality, it was probably just a minute's walk, and if you wanted to access the pool area/beach, there was another elevator (in the other direction) that was closer.TIP: the official website for the Dubai Government's Department of Tourism &amp; Commerce Marketing has a wonderfully detailed, downloadable, searchable PDF map of Dubai (although I don't think it is printable).	
Jan 11 2008 	good service	We went to the ritz-carlton dubai following 2 nights at al-maha on honeymoon in Sept. Our initial impression was one of wow...lovely driveway, attentive staff and elegant reception. Unfortunately we were a little early to check in and were eventually offered a coffee in the breakfast/lounge area. They didn't tell us we could order cake too...Eventually got to check in and was somewhat underwhelmed by the room. Chintzy, sparse, empty box. Didn't say anything. Pool was partially closed but opened the next day.As we were on honeymoon we were given a box of sweets and a card. Woo hoo. Now please don't get me wrong it was a nice thought but at our previous 5 star hotel we had fruit and nuts and champagne etc...even in the grand hyatt dubai we were given champagne, chocolates and a box of dates. It's not about what they gave us be we weren't made to feel particularly special.First night had a meal in the italian restaurant (splendido) - divine food. Very quiet.The next morning my husband was very quiet...wouldn't tell me why...the next morning I was the same as I had spent the entire night thinking about how miffed I was with the room. There was a patch in the ceiling of our wardrobe which had obviously had a leak at some point. A rather patchy looking repair on one of the tiles in our toilet which had something growing in the grout. There was mould in the sealant of the shower. The wardrobe door wouldn't close so the light was on permanently. It just wasn't up to scratch.So after breakfast we approached the asst manager. Very apologetic. Showed s another room on another floor identical to ours. Offered us a room on the club floor but said they were the same and I didn't want him to think we were trying to upgrade for the sake of free snacks. Anyhoo, after a call to emirates it became clear we couldn't move as they wouldn't wave a cancellation charge. No point in packing up to move to an identical room so stayed put. However, the asst manager was superb....he took my husband aside and offered to plan us a secret private meal with butler service...he was everywhere we turned asking if there was anything he could do to make our stay better (it started to get a little bit weird). Every night we cam back to our room to another surprise...flowers, chocolate dipped strawbs and champagne (not any old crap either), rose petals in the bath, on the bed, arranged a breakfast for us on our very early departure from the hotel. He was an absolute superstar. I felt special....that's all I wanted.The grounds are beautiful. Most of the other hotels nearby have row upon row of sun loungers. Our hotel also had sun loungers in the gardens with beautifully manicured lawns and attentive pool staff. The hotel is completely dwarfed by the new developments surrounding it with only approx 140 rooms its one of the smallest in dubai.So if you want a small intimate hotel with great service this is for you. But if the quality of the room is important to you there are many nicer and probably cheaper places to stay.	
Jan 10 2008 	Delicious!	Truly luxurious and one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Can recommend it everytime.	
Dec 7 2007 	Small 	Dubai - the craziest place in the world, hundred constructions where ever you go, a skyscraper a day......total madness. The Ritz-Carlton a smaller luxury retreat surrounded by sky scrapers which don´t disturb you. the construction site of &quot;The Palm&quot; nearby, but not really disturbing. excellent service, beautiful beach, excellent italian restaurant &quot;Splendido&quot;. overall a lovely place for a couple- not really to recommand for family with children.	
Nov 10 2007 	Very enjoyable stay	Overall a great stay at the RC. Mixed reviews recently but we were not disappointed. Staff worth a mention as they do relaise this is a five star hotel and the service they give is therefore very good. I thought the pool boys were very good (tips do work though!) and the Egyptian guy at the front of the hotel was excellent - he entertained us with coffee and dates while we waited for our taxi.Deluxe rooms were good size with nice bathrooms. Make sure you use the courtesy buses to the malls. Also try the spa pool to the right of Splendido as this can often be quieter. Lots of families there (see other review) as it was half term in England. Beach is superb and did not really notice any building noise. It is also quieter and more exclusive than some of the other nearby hotels. However, it is difficult to walk anywhere at the front of the hotel, e.g. when trying to pick up the Big Bus shuttle.On the negative side, pool areas aren't huge, food good but not fantastic and wine prices extortionate. Highlight was Para-Sailing along JB and up to the Palm.You would have to be very picky not to enjoy this hotel and would certainly recommend it. Sometimes it was difficult to tear yourself away from chilling out to enjoy Dubai itself.	
Nov 1 2007	Beautiful hotel exceptional staff	The Ritz-Carlton Dubai is beautiful, with little to complain about. The beach is extremely private -- particularly when compared to other resort hotels that are close by in Jumeirah. The staff was exceptionally well-trained -- they certainly live up to expectations for a five star destination. Our room was spacious, comfortable and well-decorated -- a cross between European luxury and Middle Eastern architecture. Dining in the hotel was also quite good (if somewhat expensive), although we didn't try all of the restraurants -- we opted instead to venture into other parts of the city. The breakfast buffet was particularly convenient and satisfying with plenty to choose from.I had a few gripes, but don't let them overshadow the positive points or otherwise discourage you from selecting this hotel. First, our room was VERY far from the elevator. This made it rather difficult to make a quick stop at our room. There's also quite a bit of construction in the immediate vicinity of the hotel, although it's hard to find any location in Dubai that's not near construction. And lastly, the personal attention, at times, was almost overwhelming -- by the end of our week, I almost had to be asked to be left alone! I think, however, this is more a personal preference, and the hotel shouldn't be faulted for that.For those looking for a luxurious, private escape, I'd highly recommend this hotel. I'll happily return when I next visit Dubai.	
Oct 29 2007	Not Impressed	Sorry folks. After having just returned from this property, I am severely let-down. In fairness, I think I had been built up from reading the rave reviews on this site and forum and it did not live up to the expectations. I booked at Club Level.The Good* Bedrooms are what you would expect from the Ritz Carlton: Comfortable, good size, nice bathroom (deep tub; poor pressure on the shower), great size closet and plenty of hangers.* The weather in Dubai is truly beautiful.* The beachfront at this location is lovely and relaxing.The Poor* With regard to the beachfront above, during a 3 hour session at the shore, I was never once approached by any Ritz Carlton staff with an offer of a drink, a towel - nothing.* I did not see the champagne &quot;flowing&quot; unless I got up and turned on the tap myself and then kept requesting and requesting. I had to look for them; not the other way around.* I found the food offerings at the club to be lackluster. Also, the ability to properly cook an omelette is sadly lacking.* The main pool was crawling with families. That's fine - but if you are expecting a quiet and relaxing getaway, it's not here. If, however, you are looking for a family vacation - you have come to the right place. Again, it is just a question of expectations and mine were not met.* The service was not at the Ritz level. I think someone else mentioned here that it had the &quot;Ritz Carlton veneer&quot;. I agree. When you scratched beneath the surface, however, it was just not there. I had a terrible, and I do mean terrible, experience with one of the drivers they arranged for me. So much so that I demanded they either contact the hotel manager and make him aware of the situation and/or get it off my bill completely. They chose the latter. I spent the bulk of my time at the &quot;spa pool&quot;. Timely pool-side service was not their forte. The guys came and went sporadically. The Club Level staff seemed stretched to me. Not the sort of individual service I had been led to believe.* I found the lay-out of the hotel bothersome. I realize that this is a bizarre comment, but making your way from your room to the spa pool is a bit of a trek and sorely lacking in adequate signage.* What is with the flies? Certainly not unique to just the Ritz Carlton, but something I was not expecting.Would I go back to Dubai? Certainly. Would I stay at the Ritz Carlton? Not a chance. I would, however, recommend this hotel for families. That is sincere.	
Oct 22 2007 	Below Expectations	For the 2nd time in 6 months, Ritz-Carlton fails to deliver on its reputation. Had a good start when i arrived off the early morning flight and was greated warmly &amp; taken to my room (although i met up with other guests off the same flight who were not so lucky and had to wait until 3pm).The room itself is just ok-standard size, view over pool area, nice bathroom. Decor very average and not good enough in my opinion for £300+ per night.Hotel staff were friendly, the spa is very good and the pool area large with several options of where to lay out- shaded/unshaded, near or far from the pools (mostly families with children by the way).HOWEVER, the service in the pool area was diabolical and unfriendly. This is where you're spending most of your day and in the Dubai heat you need to keep hydrated. Getting water often neccessitated getting up and going over to the poolside, not that they were short of staff, but they just dont walk around. Not to mention that they also charge £5 a bottle.This was my first time at this RC and I wont be returning. I shall instead stick to my usual haunt of the Burj Al Arab (which was full- i wonder why!!). For another £150 pn, you get a suite fit for a king and treated like royalty throughout the hotel.	
Oct 22 2007 	"the Best"	If you only go to Dubai once stay in this hotel it is the best!!!	
Oct 19 2007 	Relaxing	The room was spacious and great ocean view from the balcony. Relative to other hotels in Jumeirah beach (last time I stayed at Jumeirah Beach Hotel), Ritz was more serene and relaxing. They have a good spa the offers a variety of menus. I tried a package including scrub, body wrap, and massage and wasn't disappointed. The staff was kind and attentive although not as sophisticated as you would expect for Ritz.	
Sep 17 2007 	Friendly hotel in a not so friendly Country	Not that Dubai is unfriendly. Most foreigners are nice but locals Emiraties are too serious. The Ritz's staff, as others have reviewed in the past, are very friendly. It makes up for the &quot;small&quot; rooms with very limited closet space. Other than that, I must say that the hotel is worth staying. However, next time I am in Dubai I would try the sleek &quot;Groversnor House&quot;, even though it is not right on the beach, its cool design and the Buddha Bar makes up for the beach. Besides if you come in the summer, the beach is too hot to go in the water. I also suggest that you rent a car, otherwise you won't see much of Dubai.If you come to the Ritz, say hello to the very nice Egyptian guy at the door Mr. Abdou and Mr. Sisira from Sri Lanka at the spa. Thank you guys for making my stay much more pleasant.	
Sep 12 2007 	Small and perfectly formed	26th Aug - 2nd SeptMy Girlfriend and I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton after our holiday to Cancun, Mexico was cancelled due to hurricane Dean. We had consideredDubai before but not at this time of year due to the extreme temperature. Destinology found us a bargain at very short notice so we set off loaded with suntan lotion.Tripadvisor.com has been glued to my monitor since May. We’ve checkedout almost every hotel in the world (it felt like it). The Ritz-Carlton had a lot t live up to. We wanted a five star hotel with a five star beach and five star food. Our frame of reference is large, we’ve stayed at five star hotels all over the world.Dubai airport is large and sprawling, bigger than I expected but modern and clean. We were met by our transfer agent who had a car waiting to take us directly to the hotel. Transfer time was about 30 mins. We arrived at the hotel at midnight and were shown to the club lounge to check in.Even as late as we arrived, staff were on hand to open our car doors and take our luggage. We were ushered through the magnificent foyer to the front desk where they found our reservation for a Club room before adjourning upstairs. A club lounge hostess/concierge greeted us by name and offered us champagne. No sparkling wine at the Ritz! Moet Chandon no less. The check in process took around 10 minutes. We were shown to our room when we were ready.We stayed in a club sea view king room no 507. It was an excellent room. Very large for a standard including a couch with coffee table, desk with internet connection and two large chairs, Samsung LCD TV and DVD player, a fridge that worked, a separate dressing area, double vanity bath and walk in shower. The balcony wasn’t largebut it was too hot to sit out anyway. The air-conditioning in the hotel was excellent. Given that the temperature outside most days was 115 - 120 F the rooms especially were cool and welcoming. We had our own control panel that worked precisely. Included in the cost of a club room is the use of the exclusive club lounge. Situated on the sixth floor, you can only access it from the lift using your room key (the lift only goes up to the fourth floor without the insertion of a club level room key). The club lounge is large and comfortable with various couches and tables. There are six food presentations daily starting with “Full American Breakfast”-I wouldn’t call it full exactly but it was fine- and ending with canapés and cocktails. They provided a large variety of food which was beautifully displayed and too tempting. The club staff always made sure we had whatever we wanted to drink. Champagne, whisky. Tea, coffee, lots of water! We were both very impressed with the selection. They had various scotch whisky’s and my favourite tipple Jameson’s Irish whiskey. The tea was amazing also, organic Moroccan tea in stitched silk purses, worth the extra club fee on their own. We found that we preferred to go into the city for a meal in the evenings rather than eat nibbles all day however you could easily make a meal of the club presentations.The club staff were professional and efficient of course and also friendly. We were only there a week but by the end we knew all of their names, where they were from and their plans for the future. They helped to make it a wonderful holiday. We had no idea where to eat in Dubai, it being our first trip. There was a very helpful booklet in our room with the best restaurants of 2007 but the best recommendations came from the club staff. They made us various reservations at MJ’s, the Buddah Bar, Spectrum on One and the Burj Al Arab etc. We were treated like royalty at each place we went to. I don’t know if it’s because the Ritz-Carlton had made the reservation? In the Skyview bar at the Burj, we were shown to possibly the best table in the place. We could hear others grumbling “How did they get to sit there when we have to sit here?” We had four waiters show us to our table after a guided tour of the restaurant Spectrum on One. The list goes on.The pool areas and the beach were excellent. We only ventured over to the sea a couple of times as it was just too hot to stray too far from the pool. The sand is clean and white as per the Caribbean but far too hot to stand on. The sea is clear and blue but hotter than I take my bath. Watch out for jellyfish. There is plenty of space around the pools. There is a quiet spa pool a little removed from the rest, a kids pool and water slide and the main pool with water features and swim up bar. There were always plenty of beds to choose from even though the hotel was booked to capacity. Next to the pool there are large manicured lawns with more beds. We were brought cold towels, cooling body sprays and melon snacks periodically. A large bottle of Evian will cost about £4 and it comes in an ice bucket with glasses. The staff there can’t do enough for you. Ok Dubai is fairly expensive. It will cost you £16 for a glass of champagne at the pool, £5 for a beer or £10 for a cocktail but it’s worth every penny. The hotel is superb, the best I’ve stayed in. The staff are exceptional. The club is a must. When you see enormous,crowded hotels everywhere, you realize what a good choice you made. Dubai is a building site but it’s still stunning. There is practically no crime. You can walk safely anywhere in the city at any time and it’s wonderful. The people of Dubai are kind, generous and welcoming. We will definitely be back.	
Sep 7 2007 	Wow! What a place to go!	Well, where do I start! This is quite simply the best hotel in the world that I have stayed in.On arrival, you are welcomed liked royalty - opening the car door is simply not allowed. You are almost banned from carrying your cases! The reception area was spotless and welcomed with a fountain with rose petals actually saying 'welcome'! Then a cool glass of date juice and efficient and friendly service. Then to the 'room'......I booked an executive suite as it was my wife's birthday, what I got was an area almost the size of the downstairs of a house! We had two balconies, two walk-in showers, two full size walk in wardrobes and four sinks in two separate bathrooms. The sitting area with chaise longue, massive plasma TV (audio linked to the bathroom as was the one in the bedroom area!), fresh fruit, bottles of water everywhere (all no charge).The pool area is very pretty and again the service impeccable. You aren't allowed to carry drinks and if you attempt to move your bed, well, be prepared to be scolded (in a friendly way)!! Towels arrive almost instantly and are laid out for you. They simply cannot do enough. The snack bar serves excellent food and large portions. Iced towels and fresh fruit appear regularly as well. Don't try the sea in September though, it was warmer than the bath!!We tried both the restaurants. La Baie was the best of the two and the steak was honestly the best I have ever eaten, you must try the desserts (the mixed one is best - we got six different desserts and all were fabulous)We also had dinner at Al Mahara at the Burg and although the food was superb and the service in the restaurant really great (we had a water waiter, wine waiter and glass refiller, two food servers and a 'between course' server - be careful the five course meal actually ends up being 10 courses and the mains and starters are actually very big but at £500 for the two of us still a bit steep!), I was disappointed that I had to open the car door for my wife, we weren't greeted on arrival and were pointed in the direction of the restaurant. I suppose we had been spoilt by the fantastic servce at the Ritz by now!Back to the Ritz, we also enjoyed a two hour body scrub, wrap and massage in the hotel Spa which again was faultless.On our final day, we arrived back from the pool to find a belated birthday cake prepared in the room and a birthday card handwritten in 15 languages wishing my wife best wishes!Worried about the noise and dust - DON'T be. We heard NOTHING and the construction behind the hotel is almost finished. They work at night anyway and unless you enjoy sitting outside in a sauna you will be in the AC areas!Gotta try the gold souks - haggle well and you'll get a bargain. Be prepared to almost fight for a (very cheap - only appx. £5 for 45 minute journey) taxi back though! The Mall of the Emirates is huge and very strange seeing the ski slope in the middle.We have travelled quite extensively and apart from Swept Away in Jamaica where we got married, this is the only place we have both said we will definitely return to.	
Aug 29 2007 	a different world! GO GO GO!!!!!!!!!	Stayed at the Ritz Carlton for my birthday and anniversary all in one 23rd august for 5 nights. I had read up on all the 5 * hotels in dubai via trip advisor and must say that I was almost certain that I would enjoy the RC I just never knew that I was literally going to get a taste of heaven!!! This hotel is pure luxury and class. There are many impressive hotels in Dubai including the Burj al arab which we had dinner in. I can honestly say that as nice as it was, I would stay at the Ritz Carlton given the choice of the two! The burj felt like a tourist atraction first and foremost. Where's RC felt and looked like true luxurious intimate paradise. I would say it is more of an adult /couples oriented hotel, although there were families with small children who had a great time by the pool, there's a water slide for kids and nobody appeared to mind the children's presence there . I would say being a parent I would possibly venture with the kids to a more attraction based hotel such as jumeira beach. The oasis beach hotel is next door to RC. BEWARE! it looked like a packed beach resort in the costa dorada or somewhere. Not my cup of CHA!!!	
Aug 29 2007 	best hotel	This is the best hotel in Dubai (I've previously stayed at the Burj, Al Maha etc.) This was my third visit back to the Ritz. As a small hotel with a large staff-guest ratio service is always good but to get the best you definitely need to go on the club level.A previous review mentioned you are treated as a celebrity - try it after you've been back a couple of times - i think you become royalty! Nice additional touches - welcome back letter on arrival, thank you letter a couple of weeks after returning home plus a host of other touches during the stay.The staff there are nothing short of superb, helped of course by oodles of champagne and cocktails.Rooms are large, well appointed, well serviced and spotless.Being a small hotel pool areas are not crowded and feel civilised, unlike Jum. beach etc.highly recommend	
Aug 22 2007 	The best Hotel in Dubai?	My wife and I have just returned from a fantastic 5 night (6 day) stay at the Ritz Carlton in Dubai. when you read this review and all the others, you must remeber that none of us are telling porkies! it is that good!!!!Firstly please, please, please pay the extra for the executive Club lounge, this is what makes the stay all worthwhile! drinks on tap, fantasic food and the service makes you feel guilty as they treat you like you are a celebrity! I would like to say it is what i am acustomed too, (yeah right) but no way have i ever being treated this well.I have never drunk so much chamagne and spirits and felt apologetic because i couldnt drink any more at the end of the evening even though they wanted to keep refilling our glasses!It amazed us that no matter who was serving in the lounge, they all knew our names, even if we had met for the first time, that was impressive!The hotel room was very spacious, big TV (with loads of english speaking channels including movie channels) freash fruit daily and they filled up the bath with scented oils and flower petals for the wife (made me look good! even though i didnt do anything!!)The pool was lovely nice and cool, we had heard that it is too hot in August, yes the temp was in the mid 40's and upper 30's at night, but it was great! everything is air con'd and the pool is chilled, in fact towards the end we felt a bit chilly getting out of the pool!!As for the sea, you have to take a dip in it to experience how hot the sea is!!!My dissappointment of Dubai (i have none for the hotel at all!) is for a tax free country where it is percived all is cheep, forget it! shopping at the many malls there with designer labels, its cheaper in the UK! i was also sad to see BHS, Debhams, Next and all those UK shops there, so we didnt bother clothes shopping.Went to the gold souk, what a waste! they all tried to rip me off with high prices, and before you say 'haggle' i did and they knocked of £5 for a £150 deal after 10 mins i left. found the same stuff at the airport for £60!!!! Just be careful that's all!You must also do the 'sundowner' dune dinner safari, its very good value for money and the hotel will arrange everything for you.I could go on and on, but you have to experience this fabulous hotel to fully understand how great it is.In summary, if you are undecided, dont be, book the club room and truly enjoy the pampering!Kean &amp; Jackie	
Aug 20 2007 	Fab fab fab	Very simple. if you meet the following criteria, go to this hotelyou are fab and like Ritz quality.you want to chill outyou dont mind a 30 min cab into the town centreyou dont mind 10 min cab to the nearest and best shopping mallyou like to relax at the poolyou enjoy and dont mind paying for the best foodthis hotel, in my experience (which includes the finest hotels in the world) is beaten only by The One and Only Arabian Court also in Dubai. Ritz Carlton Dubai is an absolute pleasure to visit and we are a tough couple of D&amp;G ------- to impress. those of you that read our review of Ritz Carlton in Sharm will know.ciao	
Aug 20 2007	Wonderful Experience	what a pleasure to stay at this hotel. 5 days in Dubai was made perfect by the hotel service i received. This hotel has only 138 rooms compared to others where there are 400 +. Personal service was excellent. The staff from reception to the kitchen staff were brilliant, always a smile and whatever i requested i got with a smile. The pool area was great, this place is great for children .They have a an air-conditioned play room with a nanny, a good gym and a great private beach.but what made it was the staff, they looked after me and my family superbly. my young son who is 2 was doted upon by all and his every need catered for. Champagne was sent to my room on the house as a gesture which was a wonderful suprise. The chefs all looked after my son , cooking him whatever he wanted and the concierge was brilliant. Even Alex the porter was always on hand with a smile. Taxis were organised with no problems, resturants booked etcAs for construction work, a lot outside of the building, but didnt hear a peep during the day.i think the only problem was the food on the menu, not the greatest, but i would recommend this hotel highly to anyone thinking of going to Dubai.	
Aug 13 2007 	Amazing Hotel	After I checked in, I was ushered into the executive lounge with a champange reception. I was the asked if I wanted anything in the buffet and was imediatly taken into my amazing room. It had a large lcd television and amazing views onto the beach. The poolside was spectacular, however the pool service was not fantastic. But the beach side was very large and cosy. The sea food resturant was delicious, however the Italian wasn't that good. After my meal, I went up to the lounge for chocolate and cordials. I think this is higly recommended!	
Aug 10 2007 	Completely relaxed unpretentious luxury	We were absolutely amazed by Dubai - it is such a beautiful place, growing at such a phenomenal rate and filled with such amazing people.A little bit of background – this was our first visit to Dubai (or anywhere else in the Middle East) and was a trip to celebrate our 10th Wedding Anniversary. The trip was just husband and myself (both early/mid 30s) - we don’t have any kids yet. Our stay was for four nights at the beginning of August 2007.I really loved the Ritz Carlton - I think that it was a great choice for us. It is just completely relaxed, unpretentious luxury. The service is very personal and friendly, but unobtrusive. The other guests were also polite, considerate and nicely behaved. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, the grounds are very relaxing and I was surprised by the lovely birds everywhere (and their lovely bird song).The hotel seems to be on a lot more “intimate” scale than many in Dubai. It isn’t small, but you are never overwhelmed by the size, the distance between things or by other people. I am pretty sure that the hotel was well occupied, but - with only 138 guest rooms - it never felt busy at all. The lobby is gorgeous and there is a spacious lobby lounge area. The pools are big and very clean. There are extensive gardens and lots of well-padded sunloungers with parasols available. The hotel is very well staffed and the whole place is spotless and beautifully kept. The hotel is maybe less Arabic in theming than some others (like the Madinat hotels), but it is still very elegant and beautiful. Every employee that you pass will have a smile and a greeting for you. You really feel like a valued guest and not just a customer. There were quite a few British guests at the Ritz Carlton and probably the majority of the guests that we saw in the Club Lounge were British. There were also a few other Europeans, quite a few Arab guests and a few from the Far East. I didn’t notice any Americans in the hotel during our stay. Most of the guests at the Ritz Carlton were either couples (ranging from late 20s and upwards) or young families (with kids under the age of 10). I didn’t see many teenagers around.We had arranged for the hotel to pick us up from the airport on arrival and to take us back to the airport on departure. They charged 300AED (about £40) each way for this service. It is fairly expensive (would probably cost you about £10 by metered taxi), but we appreciated the comfort of the BMW 7 Series. Also, on arrival at Dubai airport (because we had arranged for the hotel pick-up), a Ritz Carlton representative greeted us at the terminal and whisked us through the terminal and through fast-track immigration and collected our luggage for us: this was incredibly helpful for our first visit to Dubai. So having a hotel pick-up is excellent, if you wanted to save money you could always take a taxi back to the airport instead of a hotel car at the end of your trip.We had booked a Club Room. On arrival at the hotel we were taken straight up to the Club Lounge to check-in. It was a great way to check-in. The lounge staff were really lovely and helpful. We enjoyed the atmosphere of the lounge and had breakfast there most days, lunch a couple of times and drinks/canapés a few times too. The concierge made a few reservations for us too. They really made us feel like valued guests - very impressive.Our Club Room was ready for by about 9.30am (normal check-in time is about 3pm, so this was a big bonus). Club Room was great: very spacious, lovely marble bathroom (including a steam shower), the view from balcony was gorgeous and I loved the fresh flowers in the room and bathroom. Toiletries supplied were Bulgari. I am pretty sure that the standard rooms are the same as the Club Rooms (the only difference with Club is that you are on the top two floors of the hotel and have access to the Club Lounge): so even the standard rooms in the hotel will be fabulous.The private beach is great – plenty of loungers and parasols and a team of staff/lifeguards to look after you. In August it was too hot to spend much time on the beach and the sea was like a hot bath (about 32’C), but we did enjoy an hour or so there on a couple of mornings.I used the hotel gym three mornings during our stay. It was a reasonable gym – lots of equipment and not busy at all. There were bottles of water and clean towels waiting on each of the cardio machines. I found the cardio machines a little dated: they are fine, but my gym at home has recently received all new cardio equipment (so the ones at the Ritz seemed dated). I was surprised by the lack of “leg resistance” machines available: lots of arm and ab resistance machines, just not many leg machines. The gym also had a number of televisions (showing various TV channels), but at least about half of the cardio equipment didn’t have a headphone connector to listen to the televisions. It wasn’t a top notch gym, but it was definitely more than adequate. The staff in the gym were great: ensuring the place was tidy, ensuring that you had enough water and offering iced towels. On the day of our wedding anniversary, we got back to out hotel room after dinner (at the Pisces restaurant in the Souk Madinat) to find an anniversary cake, some chocolate covered strawberries and a rose petal bath - what lovely thoughts!A previous review has mentioned noise from construction – we didn’t really notice it at all. We certainly couldn’t see/hear it from our room or the pool. We could hear a LITTLE construction (in the distance) whilst on the beach – but it didn’t bother us. There is quite a bit of construction on the road outside the front of the hotel: so you did notice it driving in/out of the hotel, but not otherwise (all of the bedrooms and public rooms face onto the pool/beach side of the hotel and away from any construction).The only perhaps “down side” to the hotel is the location – it is a 15 minute (depending on traffic) taxi ride from many of the things that we wanted to go to (Mall of the Emirates, Wild Wadi, the Burj Al Arab, the Madinat Souk and Hotels, Jumeirah Beach Hotel etc). However taxis are very plentiful and very cheap (£3 each way between the hotel and these other locations) and you could say that the Ritz Carlton benefits from being in a more peaceful location…The final night we had dinner in one of the hotel restaurants, La Baie, which was very good. Because we had to leave the hotel at 7am the following morning, we did all of the checking-out in the Club Lounge after dinner - very civilised way to do it (with a glass of port and a cup of Camomile Tea...). In summary, I was very impressed by the Ritz Carlton – it was an excellent choice for a “Romantic Getaway” and I also see it as an ideal place to take a young family (very intimate, friendly and safe). Would I return again? Definitely! Would I recommend it to others? Definitely! Booking a Club Room (for access to the Club Lounge) is also recommended if possible.	
Aug 8 2007 	Absolutely brilliant desppite the contstruction noise.	Stayed at the Ritz in Dubai in July, 2007. With the exception of the breakfast buffet, which was below average by top hotel standards, the hotel itself was a dream. Superb room, beautiful private beach, great pool, and superb staff. Really, really superb and helpful staff. The main negative is that all around the hotel there is a lof of construction, and some noise is inevitable. Highly recommended.	
Jul 26 2007 	Nice Stay	I spent 2 nights at the Ritz in July. I booked airport transfers in advance, which went very smoothly. The driver met me inside the customs area and assisted me through passport control and then with my luggage.My accomodations were an oceanview room. The room and bathroom were very spacious and the high speed internet worked well, although it was an extra charge.Buffet breakfast was served in the morning and was very good with lots of selections. The staff was friendly. The gym was very well equipped and when I used it, I was the only one there.The pools were very pretty. it was very hot - 120 deg. in July, and while they cool the pools, I don't feel that they cool them enough. Also there is so much vegetation around the pools, there is no breeze, which just makes it hotter. There were menus out on the tables all around the pools advertising drinks and food, but it was very difficult to find someone to take an order. Also...there really wasn't pool service, just towels placed on all of the chairs in the morning. The ocean was too warm to swim in and the sand on the beach was VERY HOT. I had room service dinner both nights I was there, and it was good quality and efficiently served.I would definitely go back to the Ritz Carlton again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Lovely but quite far from the center of activity	I must preface this review with - Dubai is an EXPENSIVE city and this hotel is not excluded! I started looking for hotel rooms for our three night stay over six months in advance, but being that it was the Easter Holiday season most hotels were booked solid. Although we wanted to experience a bit of the luxurious side of Dubai, while at the same time visiting the 'old towns' of Bur Dubai and Deira, we found the Ritz to be located at least a 30 minute taxi ride from Jumeirah Beach and over 40 minutes to Deira (gold and spice souk). In retrospect, although the Ritz was a wonderful property, we would have planned further ahead and saved some money by staying at one of the Jumeirah Beach properties (Al-Qasr, Madinat or Grosvenor West Marina Beach) which we heard were very nice.The resort itself is really a magical place in itself. The service was impeccable from the time we arrived to the moment we left. Located on a 'private' beach, my husband and I went out for a morning walk along the shoreline while they prepared our room and met with two camels going for a stroll! The hotel grounds are gorgeous, perfectly manicured with beautiful poolside bungalows, al fresco dining and stiff breezes.The smallest room is 538 square feet (50 sq. M.) and most rooms have ocean and/or pool views. Our room opened up directly onto the poolside. Beds were some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Each night we were greeted with fresh fruit and dates, Middle Eastern sweets or Easter Chocolates. The breakfast buffet at Splendido was superb and afternoon tea at the Lobby Lounge a very nice treat after a long day out a the gold souk!Perhaps our biggest issue was that we spent much more time outside of the resort rather than enjoying the wonderful facilities there. If you are on your honeymoon and only want to venture out once or twice this may be the perfect resort for you, otherwise, stay closer to the action at Madinat Jumeirah.	
Jul 12 2007 	Excellent	This was our second visit to this hotel. The hotel is still fabulous. We wanted a relaxing time and that is exactly what we got. The service is excellent, as are the facilities, the food, the pools and beach areas. The food in restaurant Splendido was particularly good. I would also recommend paying the extra to stay in one of the club rooms which gives access to the club lounge. The staff really can not do enough for you, and are friendly and helpful without imposing. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a peaceful and relaxing holiday with all the trimmings you would expect from a 5 star hotel.	
Jul 4 2007	Riz Carlton perfect refuge!!	I recently stayed at the Ritz and absolutely loved it! The peace and quiet it offered after all of the noise and construction going on in Dubai truly made it worthwhile.The pool and beach were great and the poolside food was very good. Splendido the onsite Italian restaurant was excellent. The breakfast buffet was quite expensive. $ 40.00 After a couple of days we ordered room service coffee and purchased yogurt at a grocer. Adding in the complimentary fruit we were fine until lunch. I suspect attendance at this buffet will suffer once the Starbucks and Bistro Paul open up across the street.The staff were so friendly and went out of their way with any request. I will stay here again.	
Jun 28 2007 	Just another american hotel in dubai	I stayed at Ritz Carlton for three nights after one night at Jumeirah Beach Hotel and one night at Burq Al Arab. I'm afraid I have to rank it last out of the three. The hotel is beautiful, with a private beach and a well maintained garden. Service commensurates with that of five star. However, you could hardly find any arabian touch. Perhaps it's what some travellers prefer, especially if they want to feel like home. The location is a bit far away from the city centre Deira though it's rather close to the Mall of the Emirates. Everything is newly built in Dubai. You will not be surprised to find you being surrounded by construction sites. This situation may improve one year from now when the nearby apartments and establishment are complete.One more remark: there's some smell of the drain in the toilet. It's something to do with the plumbing design when they built the hotel which is difficult to fix afterwards.	
Jun 17 2007 	We died and went to heaven	We just returned from a week long stay at the Ritz Carlton, and I can honestly say that I have never experienced such fantastic service. The minute you arrive through Passports control at Dubai airport there is a private car waiting to collect you. The gentleman sent to meet us helped us to collect our baggage, directed us to our car and we were met by the driver, who proceeded to call me madam and open the doors for me! On arrival at the hotel the car doors were opened for us and we were led inside while the door staff collected our luggage, we were handed some sparkling juice and led to our room.Our luggage arrived 10 minutes later, brought for us by staff. The room was impeccable, the House Keeping Staff cleaned and checked the room twice a day, leaving bottles of water, and a plate full of fruit every day, along with a newspaper every morning.Just walking past a member of the hotel staff you were greeted with a welcoming 'Hi Sir/ Madam, how is your day today'? The pools are awesome, and staff regularly walk round with melon on skewers, iced face towels and facial spritz to cool you down. Towels are provided by the hotel for the pool side, and also beach towels, which are replaced daily.The Door staff ask you on leaving the front door if you require a cab, where you would like to go and call for one for you, opening the doors and advising the driver where you are going on their arrival. The restaurants are not actually as expensive as some reviews make out, the prices are roughly the same as in the UK, although it does sound a lot when you see the 24 DHS for a burger (which is actually only around £3).We looked at 4 or 5 different hotels before choosing the Ritz, but after seeing the others walking round the Marina/ Dubai, we where glad we chose the Ritz. It is close to the Marina, the Mall of the Emirates and Ski Dubai, but has the added bonus of being quiet and tucked away right on the beach, ideal if you want to relax and chill out.The Ritz Carlton is the best hotel we have ever experienced and will definately be returning, hopefully sooner rather than later.	
Jun 7 2007 	Had My Wedding there April 20th 2007	for many years, we have being going to this hotel and decided to have our wedding on the grounds of this hotel near the beach and then the reception afterwards.The service that we received was second to none and the set up was just amazing.the staff are just so great and friendly, we were nearly crying when we had to say goodbye with managers and staff waving us offif you want to experience luxury with great people, stay here	
Jun 2 2007 	Gorgeous hotel	The Ritz Carlton in Dubai is a beautiful resort located in the Marine District of Dubai. The property was built in 1998 (which is old in Dubai standards!) but has been perfectly maintained. I woudl recommend requesting a ground floor room that leads out to the pool - we had two large patio areas and it was amazing.The staff is very accomodating and friendly and the concierge made some great recommendations.For dinner, definitely recommend Boudoir (located at Dubai Marina - about 15 minutes from Ritz Carlton by taxi). It is French fare and the restaurnant turns into a nightclub around midnight and is one of the best in Dubai.For nightlife, recommend 400 Club, Sho Chos (sushi restaurant which gets packed later in the night), Boudoir, and Buddha Bar. Wasn't impressed w Trilogy Club or The Apartment when I visited.We also did a spa day at the Burj Al Arab (7 star hotel) and would absolutely recommend it! Its a great way to get to spend the day at the Burj and the views of the Islands are incredible.	
May 13 2007	probably the best hotel in the world	was there last week. this is one great place. get booked into the club lounge and enjoy.	
May 11 2007 	One of the best	All recent reviews are relevant - this is a great, truly 5 star hotel. What particularly appeals is the feeling of privacy, there is space around the pools, the gardens are quiet, the private beach is huge with lots of space and not at all crowded (because of the limited guests / rooms). We stayed with 80% occupancy and it felt pretty quiet (compared with Jumirah Beach and the Burj which share a beach and apparently have just 1 ft between sunbeds -- jikes!)The staff are extremely friendly and do a great job. Little touches such as fresh watermelon and ice cold towels brought to you every 30-45 mins are very nice.Hard to find faults, but a mention to the mini bar prices (10 pounds for a small bottle of water and 10 pounds for a small can of beer is just rediculous) however one simply buys water at the market and keeps in the fridge. Also, the waiting staff in the ground floor restaurant had no clue about the italian menu - a shame given a bowel of spaghetti was nearly 20 pounds... Apart from this, everything else was fantastic and we agreed we would come back to this hotelThe only future concern is the six or so towering residential blocks directly behind the hotel almost complete - we estimate 3,000 - 5,000 residents when occupied all no doubt wanting to visit the beach (and pools?) - how will the hotel cope with this? I have no idea, but they'll need more than one security guard -- something to consider and potentially ask about before travelling there....	
May 4 2007 	Bliss at The Ritz.	Have just returned from a week at the Ritz Carlton. This was our first experience of this chain of hotels but our second visit to Dubai.The Ritz Carlton is everything you would expect from a top end hotel with standards comparable to that of The Four Seasons chain. It's small size made for a more personalised service from staff who all seemed to greet us by name. The hotel is a tranquil oasis of calm within a busy and hectic city and after a days shopping or sightseeing or even after dinner in one of the other glitzy over the top hotels, it was nice to come home to the peace and quiet that was The Ritz. I would certainly recommend this hotel for those people who enjoy the finer things in life.Construction work is all around the hotel (as it is in the whole of Dubai) but it really did not prove to be a problem for us. I would agree with the previous reviewer regarding the chaos of the road system but found that length of traffic jams was overall dependent on time of day.	
May 1 2007	one thing to note	excellent standard hotel as to be expected. Nice size rooms and very comfortable beds.This hotel is in contrast to many of the over the top, massive hotel chains that are typical in dubai. It is a great place to relax and avoid the crowds. Nice beach area and a modest selection of restuarants. The italian restuarant (splendido) is excellent and the beach bar is ok for a snack but is quite limited in its menu.As usual soft drinks and water cost a fortune...(1 litre bottle of water is £4) so try to stock up from a supermarket.The one thing to note is as follows: While i agree with other reviews that the construction work does not interfere with your relaxation, be warned that there is major road refurbishment and construction in this area (dubai marina) and consequently you will be stuck in some sort of traffic jam at most times of the day. if you are coming to this hotel just to relax for a couple of days then great but if you are using it as a base from which you will be doing a lot of travelling / shopping then you should consider how much time you will be stuck in a taxi ! From the hotel to mall of the emirates should take no more than 15 mins but we experienced journeys of up to 40-50 mintues. This will be resolved in due course but right now (may 07) there still is a lot of roadworks going on...	
Apr 24 2007 	Luxury... Luxury... Luxury!	An excellent beach front property with first class customer service.We stayed on the club level which gave us access to the club room where free food and drink was available.The hotel has every possible facility but it also has the personal touch due to its small reserved size.	
Apr 11 2007 	Still superb	For me the real test of a good hotel is on a second visit - is it as good as you remember from the previous time? In the case of the Ritz Carlton Dubai the answer is a resounding yes. We have just returned from 6 days there, having first visited towards the end of 2005 and it remains a truly first class hotel.Being smaller than many of Dubai's well known hotels it has a style and character that set it apart. The rooms (in my view Ritz Carlton do have the most comfortable beds) and food are excellent, with delightful gardens, pool and beach right outside the door. Having said that, the real strength of this hotel lies with the staff, friendly and helpful they appear to really enjoy making your stay a memorable experience.I would also recommend the Club Floor rooms, which just add to the &quot;luxury&quot; experience and are well worth the additional cost.	
Apr 10 2007 	FIne	Typical Ritz Carlton, very good, but not that special. Nice outdoor space, good food, friendly, if imperfect, service.	
Mar 27 2007 	Unbelievable service	My wife and I spent an amazing week at the Ritz Carlton and cannot fault this hotel. The service is absolutely amazing.We arrived at 9am and were greeted by the reception staff and offered a drink and cooling towel. As our room was not ready (to be expected really) we were offered breakfast and use of the spa to change and freshen up so we could sit by the pool. We went back to reception after lunch and were taken to our room. The room was as you would expect in a 5 star hotel - large and well appointed with (expensive) mini bar, plasma, marble bathroom, turn down service etc. A small tip is to purchase a bottle from the duty free in the dubai airport baggage reclaim hall and just use the mixers. It may seem mad at the time to buy a litre as you probably wont drink it all but even if you drink a quarter of the bottle you will save a lot of money.All the staff at the hotel are extremely helpful and friendly, always smiling and saying good morning. If you attempt to do anything yourself (like put up a parasol which you will need to at certain times of the day) someone will appear from nowhere and insist on doing it for you.Dubai itself is still a building site but you can see that most of the work is nearing completion. They work 24 hours (although you cannot hear them) except for Fridays. It does not impact your stay the way some people say.Food is expensive but if you come from London you wont find it too bad. Wine, beer and spirits are about twice the price you would expect to pay in London though. On the cheaper side are the taxis, you start to take them for granted. The markets are also very good for picking up bargains.We have stayed in many 5 star hotels but this was by far the best. After 7 days away my wife usually wants to go home, but she said she could easily stay at the Ritz Carlton for longer.	
Mar 25 2007 	Our first stay but we will be back	My wife and I have just spent an excellent 5 days at the Ritz Carlton. It was our first trip to Dubai and the entire break was out of the top drawer. It is true that the Ritz is surrounded by an enourmous amount of development related to the new Dubai Marina. I imagine that within the next 3 months the building works to the front of the hotel will be complete. But dont let that put you off as once you are inside the hotel there is total tranquility and the gardens and pool area are serene. The staff are excellent and always most attentive but never intrusive. There are several restaurants with eating outside available in the evening under the Bedouin tents with a wide rage of Lebanese food. The poolside BBQ on a Tuesday evening is superb - the desserts are to die for and you can have as many as you like!!Travel into the city takes about 30 minutes by taxi which are readily availble and very cheap. Inculding tip we paid less than £10 to be driven to the city centre.Take note of the flags on the beach which not only warn of water safety but also jelly fish. There were a lot around during our stay.	
Mar 4 2007	An oasis of calm	This hotel really is an oasis of calm amongst a mass of people and building activity elsewhere. It is luxurious, spacious, protected from the surrounding building work by its position, exceptionally clean and with a highly efficient workforce.The guest engagement manager Mircea and the several Kenyan employees are particularly a pleasure to deal with.Even with the hotel full it is never crowded and you never have to fight for a lounger!The pools are magnificant.Disability access is good but with a few improvements could be up to current North American standards.For this quality of hotel in Dubai it is very good value for money.However I think Dubai hotels are overpriced generally when you think that for example labourers get paid £3.75 per day! The rest of Dubai is a building site and I dread to think how crowded the public facilities will become when most of the current work is completed over the next few years.The shopping malls could be anywhere in the World and there isn't a great deal to do if you stay for more than a week other than enjoy the weather (at this time of year it is perfect) and the hotel.We will go back to Dubai for week breaks to relax to this beautiful hotel and for the sunshine.	
Jan 20 2007	Have we been spoilt forever?!	Our first visit to UAE was 3 1/2 years ago,to The Royal Meridian,we thought it was fabulous.We had only visited Dubai due to being newly restricted to school holidays,thus needed to find a destination suited to winter months too! Though we had never been attracted to the place several friends had raved about,we were so pleasantly surprised!Our stay was fantastic,the cleanliness &amp; friendliness were supreme,our 'deluxe' room adequate.Our daughter suffered an ear infection,staff called a doctor,who came upto our room,had very kind manner,and a member of staff fetched the prescription! HOWEVER!!! in 2005 we visited The Ritz Carlton,...we were in a different league! A short walk down the beach to R.M. &amp; it looked plain and crowded in comparison,we scuttled back to our haven! Though the staff at R.M had been very kind to our young daughter,the treatment she(&amp; we) received was sublime-even down to them bringing her tiny bedroom slippers! Things too,like no pool towel check-in or out or tickets!We really loved the smaller scale of the hotel &amp; for a week(confined to eating 'in- house' due to our daughter being in bed)didn't find less choice of restauants a problem.We have just booked for Feb' half-term,unfortunately,we found the R.C to be just too expensive,so we are returning to the R.M,so let us see!! By the way,in between,we visited the Al Hamra Fort......DON'T!! I called it Pontins!	
Jan 14 2007 	Better than Jumeirah Beach etc etc etc	I have visited Dubai 5 times, staying at hotels such as Jumeirah Beach. However Ritz Carlton exceeds them all. Stayed in Club room - which was worth the extra - free booze and light snacks, although would be great if this included drinks from pool bar during the day (but that is probably asking too much)! The Sea View room only really looked out onto pool - but everything else was faultless. Good price and definitly worth a trip. Sea was unbearably hot to swim in - so had to stick to the 'cooled' pool. The building work behind was visually obvious but not obtrusive, being barely audible. Did the £50 a head afternoon tea at Burj al Arab - kind of worth it for the experience - but would not do it again. Would prefer a stay at the Ritz Carlton to one there. Looking at the photo - the hotel is the 3-4 storey building at base of sky scrapers!definitely one of the jewels of Dubais crown!	
Jan 8 2007 	Completely Pampered!	My husband and I recently visited Dubai ( 5 days in early January) and to be honest the Ritz was our third choice. We wanted to stay at either the One &amp; Only or The Burj. However, both hotels had a seven night minumum stay and it was impossible to make reservations. Therefore, we chose to stay at the Ritz -Carlton and what a perfect decision it turned out to be! From the moment we arrived at the airport, we were greeted by a representative from the hotel who picked up our luggage and took us to our driver who gave us a drink and wet towels. The drive to the hotel was shorter than we thought (30 minutes at the most) and the driver pointed out all the new buildings that were being constructed. Once we arrived at the hotel, Michael (another young man who works for the car company that the Ritz has) greeted us and told us many things about Dubai. Throughout our stay, he was extremely helpful and friendly....and he wasn't even an employee from the Ritz! Although we arrived at the Ritz at about 8 a.m. and check in is not until noon, the Ritz quickly accommodated us. We were given a room at about 9:30 a.m. which we were extremely grateful for. The hotel looks like a Spanish Hacienda and is beautifully decorated.Our room was a nice size with a great balcony. The bed that our room had, I must say, is one of the best beds we have ever slept on (and we have stayed at many other five star hotels, such as the Four Seasons, Beverly Hills Hotel, etc). In addition, everything we ate at the Ritz-Carlton was delicious! During our first night the hotel at a &quot;Bar-B-Q&quot; and it was great! We also tried room service for breakfast and that was delicious. On Friday's the hotel offers a brunch--which we also recommend. Our last night we had dinner at the hotel's Italian restaurant, Splendido, and we were extremely satisfied. Dubai has many great restaurants (everywhere) but if you stay at the Ritz we recommend any one of their buffet's (they are a little pricey--but well worth it). My husband and I also had spa treatments--which were great and not too expensive. The gym is great; it has all the machines you could possibly want. The pools are all heated in the winter to the perfect temperature. The Ritz also surprised my husband and I with various &quot;presents&quot; every night. We had our bathtub filled with rose petals one night. We also were given champagne and strawberries another night. In addition to the delicious treats every night. Overall, every staff member was wonderful. They remember your name, anticipate your needs, and always try to give you what you want. We plan on returning to Dubai in 3 years because it's an amazing city and we will definately stay at the Ritz!	
Jan 4 2007	Perfect!	I stayed at the Ritz in Dubai for 4 days in July. I must first say that Dubai in July is miserably hot! I had no idea how painful it would be to go outside. The humidity was unbearable at times. Good thing for us the Ritz had wonderful accomodations that made us feel relaxed and comfortable after battling the heat. The hotel is a classic Ritz Carlton. It looked smaller and less flashy than the other hotels in the Jumeriah beach area (like the Burj Al Arab). The hotel was beautiful inside and the rooms were up to Ritz standards as well. The pool area was nice and they kept the pool water cool, so it was refreshing to take a swim. The beach is beyond gorgeous!! However, the ocean water is so hot. It felt like entering a huge hot tub. Therefore, we spent most of our time at the pool. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The concierge made all of our dinner reservations and excursions(I would highly recommend the desert safari). Our room was cleaned at leat twice a day. The bathrooms were large,the water pressure great. Overall, great hotel. Lives up to its name.	
Dec 12 2006 	Far from the madding crowds	Just returned from a 3 day break after a trip to Saudi. This is a nice hotel that has not been spoiled by the package holiday crowd. Very civilised.La Baie is a lovely restaurant. Exceptional fish and an amazing pudding concept where you chose lots of tiny delicious puds. I thought breakfast was disappointing and Spendido's, the Italian, just about OK. The pool area is quiet - and the gardens are beautiful. The gym is good - and the staff outstanding. The internet in the room and the lobby was appallingly slow. This really let the hotel down and is unforgivable these days. Otherwise a very pleasant stay in a beautiful hotel.	
Nov 25 2006 	Superb!	We have just returned from a week in Dubai, during which we spent the first 3 nights at the Ritz Carlton. There is only one word to describe it - superb.We decided to splurge for a club room, and it was definitely worth it. The food and drink on offer all day long in the club lounge was of a very good quality, and the level of service in the club lounge was fantastic. Mind you, the service was great throughout the whole hotel as well. The only down side to the club lounge is that we used it all the time! In other words, we didn't ever go and have a drink or afternoon tea in the lobby lounge so felt that we hadn't enjoyed the whole hotel as much.There is still some noise from the construction going on behind the hotel. We actually found it all quite fascinating though, and while on our first day we found the noise a bit intrusive (on the beach only - when around the pool it's not noticable at all), after that we honestly didn't notice it. It is amazing though - I had imagined from reviews that a few buildings were being built behind the hotel - but it's like about 50! It's quite spectacular when you stand in the water looking back at the hotel which is only 6 stories high, to see a mass of skyscrapers beind. Mind you, the whole of Dubai is like that. And the construction does continue around the clock.Location-wise, it is one of the furthest hotels from the city (apart from Jebel Ali), but taxis are cheap so it's quite easy to get around. We went to Madinat Jumeirah for dinner one night and it was only a few pounds in a taxi. And we were so glad we hadn't stayed there - think theme park with about 700 rooms!One night we had dinner in the Amaseena restaurant, which was great (but not open during the summer). Really reasonably priced, sitting in our own little 'bedouin' tent in the grounds, with a fantastic middle-eastern buffet, and about 20 flavours of sheesha to try if you want.Overall, this was a really great hotel. We honestly didn't find anything wrong with this hotel at all that they could do anything about. Literally the only thing is the construction behind the hotel, but do not let that put you off going. It's a gem.	
Sep 1 2006	Just excellent	Staying at the Ritz is an experince! best rooms, best hospitable friendly staff and the best pool i have ever seen in my life.the italian resturant is very famous but needless to say that the hotel as well as its services is not for low-budget travellers. a one hour massage in the spa would cost you minmum 100$.generally Dubai is known for its fancy hotels but ritz is just classy!	
Aug 18 2006 	best hotel in Dubai and we've stayed in a few now...!	We have just moved to Dubai to live, and we stayed here for a week whilst sorting out our housing before we arrived.We've stayed at others here in Dubai, and this one frankly outclasses them all. Service and hotel standards here are generally excellent - on (or above) a par with anywhere, but this one lives up to its name for providing the best service standards of any hotel chain in the world.As other reviews mention, it's a low-rise (about 7 floors) which enables it to exude an 'oldy-world' type feeling (with english-colonial-esque decorations in places) - that sets it apart straight away. Of course it is modern and luxurious, but also impeccably tasteful and traditional.The standard rooms are, frankly, well above 'standard', with beds large enough for the most fiesty of mange-a-trois and bathrooms equally large and beautiful enough to scrub in style.Staff are great, perfectly trained and courteous, and you are treated like royalty. The pool area is quiet (as is the beach, perhaps mostly because we were there in June and over 40 degrees) but the poolside staff even bring you iced towels during the day to cool off - a great touch. This is what you can expect here.The only downside (and it may not matter anyway because you are, after all, staying at the Ritz!) is that anthing you order (other than your room) will likely require you taking a second job to pay for.A small tip - you're likely to eat at one (of the very few) eateries here called Splendido. Go for the Wagu steak. It is fantastic. And beware in this restaurant about the wine measures you're served - they're tiny (let's be honest, stingy) and seem to be done to the exact measure that somebody somewhere once taught them. Complain though and they'll not only top you up, they'll also likely not charge you for it at all. You didnt hear this from me.No review can be perfect, but this is almost as close as it gets. My girlfreind calls me Victor Meldrew (hey, I have high standards!) - so take it from me this place rocks.	
Aug 18 2006	Great resort hotel and wonderful service	This is one of the older hotels on Jumeirah Beach (7 years old) - it was built before all the &quot;high rise&quot; hotels appeared nearby. It has a lovely old-world charm and is European in style. The deluxe rooms are 50 square metres and have a large private balcony, and overlook the pool and beach. All the staff are very friendly and we found the service excellent. The only problem we experienced was when we needed to take a taxi somewhere. In the area we were staying in you cannot really walk anywhere, because of the lack of pavements and construction going on. The first time we wanted to go anywhere we were offered the hotel car service and were told our journey to Souk Madinat Jumeirah (about 10-15 minutes) would cost 30 DHS (a normal taxi ride costs 17 DHS). When we arrived we gave the driver 40 DHS expecting 10 DHS change. However, he said he did not have the required change. We asked him to give us the change later - however, he never did. Be aware that you may be offered the hotel (BMW) car, but if you just ask them to call for a 'normal' taxi, this is cheaper and they are often waiting outside the hotel - this way also you will not be charged extra. There is an adult only pool at the hotel, which is a big plus if you do not have children. A lot of family groups stay at the hotel and it is nice to have a pool area where you can relax and experience peace and quiet. There are also sun loungers in the vast garden area of the hotel and beach belonging to the hotel, and there are 3 pools in total. If you do however want the 'buzz' of the city, this hotel is at least a 45 minute drive to the Creek (city) area of Dubai. However, there are plenty of great restaurants to eat in in the Jumeirah Beach area (most of which are to be found in other 5 star hotels and shopping malls). The hotel offers a shuttle bus, but only 3 times a day and each one goes to different places in Dubai. All in all, this is a great resort hotel and we would not hesitate in returning.	
Aug 3 2006 	Superb hotel	Just returned from a week at the Ritz Carlton, our second trip to the hotel but first with the children. A superb time was had by all 4 of us.We stayed on the Club floor, well worth the extra money as you can eat and drink free of charge in the Club lounge all day long and the staff in the lounge are excellent. They were superb with the kids and very good at booking restaurants, taxis etc, nothing is too much trouble. There is also a seperate room for the kids to go in with TV/DVD and play station.The pool and beach were excellent as well, because the hotel is small the pool and beach always seem to be quiet, no need to get up early to bag your sun beds!!! The staff at the pool and beach are very helpful, they arranged for the kids to have a ride on a camel which was a highlight for them.The only down side to the Ritz is the fact there are only 2 restaurants there so you have to go out to eat, not a big problem as taxis in Dubai are so cheap.As mentioned elsewhere, there is a lot of building going on by the hotel but once you are in the hotel you don't hear or notice it at all.We took the kids to the Al Qsar last year which is more set up for children (ours are 8 &amp; 11), expected them to say the Al Qsar was the best of the 2 but both adamant that you can't beat the Ritz Carlton. Can guarantee we will be making a 3rd visit to this hotel in the not too distant future.	
Jul 20 2006 	Beautiful beach resort	Just back from 10 days at Ritz Carlton Dubai, a truly beautiful resort not so crowded and large as some of the neighbours (Le Royal Meridien, Oasis). Loved Dubai, like an arabic version of Singapore, and the heat and humidity in July is not a problem if you prefer lazy days at the pool/beach.Some &quot;+&quot; and &quot;-&quot;:+Small resort (only 138 rooms) with large facilities so it is never crowded in the restaurants, pool area, lobby etc. +Spacious rooms, all with balcony, with ocean view.+Beautiful pool and garden area, with a separate adults only pool +Friendly staff-Overall high service level, but some of the staff seemed new and untrained-Location, the resort is 45 minutes from Dubai city centre (50 dirham with taxi) -The food is okey but pricey (Splendido, La Baie), think you can find better food at some of the other hotels	
Jul 13 2006	POssibly The best hotel in the world	Poosibly the best hotel in the world?? - what an amazing place - You alight from your transport and the door is being held open by someone who genuinely enjoys their job and wants to help - you walk in leaving behind the building work which i personally find fascinating! - and enter an aladdins cave or pure indulgent luxury!The staff are absurdly helpful - nothing is too much trouble and never before have i encountered such friendleyness or attention to details.The place is clean - beautifully presented and each member of staff looks immaculate and properly attired in &quot;ritz&quot; carlton uniform.the room was beautful with rose petals everywhere ( we wer on honeymoon!)3 maid services a day - but never obtrusive and somehow always knew when we;d be out of the room just long enough!room service quick and completely wonderful - even at 4 am! the pool was absolutely stunning and the pool staff fabulous - nothing was left to chance - even bringin ice cold towels and cool water sprays round whould you begin to feel like scorching but delicious dubai 40 degree plus heat! the beach was clean and practiaclly swept and raked before you took each step - and the sea literally like a lovely warm clean bath! - you felt extraordinarily safe due to officious and concientious life guards and extensive marking for &quot;safe swimming&quot;.sure if you take the oppurtunity to turn around and gaze skywards you'll see some pretty amazing scrapers - butyou don't hear a thing and tbh - they just didn't bother us!the restaurants were divine - with so many lovely extras - courtesy of the chef/the bar staff/ the manager - we felt like royalty!you cannott possibly fault the staff or service in any way - the drink was pricey but we expected that!we can't wait to go back and intent to do so asap! and we wouldn't stay anywhere else!!ps - for a fun day - try the wild wadi out for size!	
Jun 11 2006	Simply the Best	Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Ritz Carlton Dubai and It was worth every penny. Clean rooms, friendly and efficient staff, great breakfast buffet and a lovely pool area which is very well kept. Pool attendants bring round iced towels, cold water sprayers and fruits on cocktail sticks, lovely touch.Construction is happening in front of the hotel...but where in Dubai is there no construction?.... once seated around the pool you forget all about it....you can't even hear it which is amazing, bearing in mind they work 24 hours I would definitely recommend this hotel and cannot wait to return...the best hotel I have ever stayed at!	
May 30 2006	WOULD NOT HAVE STAYED ANYWHERE ELSE!	Just come back from 4 glorious days at the Ritz......This hotel is just what the doctor ordered! It is by far the best hotel along this lovley stretch of white sandy beach. The staff are wonderful, the hotel is spotless...and not at all dated as said in same reviews, but timeless and looks classic with marble floors sweeping starcases and stunning views from all the terraces. Deluxe rooms are large with there own balcony and the air con works a treat (believe me you will need it)! Pools are perfect with a no children only pool and a pool for the family with flume and fun design. Palm trees look sandy, but you are in a desert!!! Construction is amazing but strangly enough dosent bother you, you cannot see from the hotel rooms and there was no noise what so ever. Private beach is a must do but after 2pm in the afternoon as this is just to hot otherwise. The contrast between the new high rises and this tericotta med style hotel is amazing..but just like the rest of Dubai it is all a little different but a definate must do. We went to SKI DUBAI for one day, great day out. Two hours was more than enough on the slope as there are only 2 runs and there is a play park for the children - really nice to get out of the heat for a few hours and very sureal to think how hot it is out side. We also went to the Burj - Got to say impressed with the look of the hotel but would not have stayed here. Feels very rich and over the top. You have to book a table at one of the resturants to be able to get access through the gates. When you get into the hotel you are asked if you are a guest at the hotel. At this point the service standard changed and we were not very impressed. We ate at the beach resturant where a big yellow tractor went up and down the beach in front of us all night. Average meal here costs 900 UAE. This is the most resonable resturant but you do have to sit outside. Worth a look but the Ritz was a far better hotel for service, food and accomadation! Book the Ritz PS dont hire a car taxi are cheap and plentiful	
May 26 2006	Excellent	Stayed a week in this fabulous hotel, yes there is construction going on in front of the hotel, but apart from wen you are entering and leaving the hotel you never see or hear from it. Staff are fantastic will go out of their way to help and room are spacious, luxurious and impeccable kept. pool is great but because of the plants surrounding it there are a couple of leaves and very few bugs in there. Otherwise perfect. restaurants are great, splendido very nice not too expensive.	
May 4 2006	Just perfect	I cannot undertsnad why people would give this out-of-this-world hotel a bad review. The construction is noticable yes, however once inside the hotel it is not noticable at all. It was an oasis of relaxation and i cannot rate it highly enough. Friendly staff, wonderful food, stunning resort, very clean, comfortable and cosy rooms and the weather of course was outstanding! Cannot wait to return!	
May 2 2006 	Great hotel with a great beach!	I just left a 4 night stay at the Ritz and it was great. I really didn’t want to pay the $500+ a night for business meetings, but most hotels were in the same price range anyway.I was upgraded to an executive suite (basically 2 rooms put together) and it was great. The only problem I have with the hotel is the layout (both the rooms and the entire building) My suite seemed like it was half a mile away from the lobby and the rooms need double the number of outlets.The service was great and everyone always had a smile and greeted me by name.The best part of the hotel was the La Baie Restaurant. The service was perfect, price was fair, and the food unbelievable – I had the best steak of my life there and I’m from Texas!Overall a great experience, never noticed the construction other than driving in and walking to an adjacent hotel.	
Apr 29 2006	Fabulous - especially if you are travelling with young children	Visited the hotel for 7 days over Easter and once again had a fabulous time. Mercea and all his staff at the beach spa deserve a special mention as do all the staff in the children's club for the excellent entertainment laid on for families over the holiday.This hotel never disappoints us, this was our sixth visit in five years and the first time our little boy was old enough to spend time in the Kids Club on his own. Absolute bliss. My husband and I enjoyed rediscovering the delights of lazing by the pool with a good book and a CD player for the first time in four years. In fact we couldn't keep our son out of the club and found ourselves asking him if he wanted to go swimming rather than the other way round. Great Easter Egg hunt in the grounds, a magician, a clown and a balloon man all added to the Pied Piper call.The poster who criticises others for saying that you can't notice the construction is perhaps being a little unfair. Of course you notice it - you can't miss it - but it truly never bothers us. Perhaps that is because we have seen it grow to what it is now from the pictures in the brochure as it was only 5 years ago.Yes you can hear it, but it is not intrusive. Yes it is dusty, but it always was. Yes the palm trees are dusty too, but they always were, the lack of rain is a contributing factor. Everything in the hotel is spotless and all the rooms are sea facing with double galzing of the highest quality so you can't hear anything - not even the birds - if your balcony door is closed.We too are lucky enough to enjoy staying in some of the finest hotels and resorts in the world and this hotel has always been one of our favourites. The Hotel is worth visiting for the Friday Brunch alone.	
Apr 8 2006	A sensational hotel with impeccable staff	My wife and I spent an incredible week at the Ritz Carlton and can honestly say that in terms of service, helpfulness and sheer friendliness, we have never experienced anything like it anywhere in the world.Yes, there is construction work going on in front of the hotel - major construction work! - but the worst is over because all the towers are built and the work is now internal. It would be wrong to say you don't notice it but the noise is minimal and there was certainly not an ounce of dust or dirt in the hotel.I would recommend upgrading to the Club Room because the food and service provided in it is superb. Six meal presentations a day were of the highest quality and the attentiveness of the staff was beyond reproach...nothing seemed too much trouble and was always followed with what turned out to be the Ritz Carlton catchphrase, 'It's my pleasure' - and they meant it.If you are travelling without children, take advantage of the tranquility of the Spa pool, it will feel like your own private oasis. Otherwise, the beach is immaculate and the grounds and gardens are wonderful.We ate in both La Baie and Splendido restaurants and the food was superb with the waiting staff attentive without being overpowering and truly friendly.Without doubt this a fabulously luxurious hotel which deserves the praise the majority of other reviews have given it. Compared to the Jumeirah Beach and Al Qasr, it is a haven of peace and five star brilliance...we can't wait to return.	
Mar 18 2006	Construction nearby	Whilst I agree that this hotel is absolutely beautiful and the service and cleanliness impeccable, how anyone could say that the construction work going on along this stretch of road did not affect their holiday, I do not know. Their standards must certainly differ from mine and I am sure many others who pay a lot of money to stay in hotels such as the Ritz Carlton and Mirage.My expectations are high, and as I said before, the hotel cannot be faulted. In fact they are to be congratulated in offering the service they do, in facing such a daunting task of keeping the hotel free from dust and dirt. But anyone going please do not be lulled into a false sense of security by these letters saying the birdsong is louder than the construction and how they enjoyed watching the construction site on Palm Island. It is horrendous! An 80 story building is underway and surrounding it, we decided, they are building a new Manhattan/New York from scratch and all at once. The workers' day is split into 3 eight hour shifts. The thousands of blue overalled workers are bussed in at regular intervals so that the work is continuous. If they are not working ,they are waiting for transport, or arriving. Do not be fooled into thinking you will not notice this, you will. Entry to the hotels along this stretch of road, is between coned off areas, with what looks like a yellow AA temporary sign with a crooked arrow directing the taxi through the maze of building. You can taste the dust in the taxi as you pass through these sites. If this is what you expect when you stay at these high class hotels, then thats fine by me, but please do not whitewash the construction work for other future tourists. I wish a few more people had been honest in their reviews of this area of Dubai, we could have saved ourselves a lot of money.Reading back to previous reviews I noticed that there are a small minority of people who have give a candid review. So be warned. The hotel is beautiful, the construction work is not. Have a look at the candid photos which place the construction work in context, not the lovely bathrooms and bowls of fruit!!	
Mar 9 2006	Fabulous Service but you pay for it!	The Ritz in Dubai lives up to it's name. The bedroom was large and comfortable and the bathroom was fabulous. We visited in Feb 2006 and had a ground floor room with a patio area leading direct to the gardens and pool. There are 2 separate pool areas - I recommend the Spa pool for peace and quiet - there were lots of families with small children at the main pool so it was quite noisy. The beach is lovely with beds, towels, waiter service etc. The staff are excellent - friendly and attentive without overdoing it. Everyone says &quot;hello&quot; and is willing to help you. We had a wonderful few days here. Just a few things which niggled. Firsly, the cost in the hotel. A pint of lager was about £10. We paid £130 for a bottle of Cloudy Bay wine on the first night before we had got the exchange rate properly worked out! However, we accepted that quality like this comes at a price - just be ready to pay it! The food was good in the hotel but we had great meals everywhere we went - lots of salads, lebanese dishes and fish. We had heard that Dubai is a building site but we were unprepared for the extent of the building. There is an extensive site across the road from the hotel (which wasn't very noisy or dirty so didn't bother us) and everywhere there are new roads and enormous developments. We got no sense of what Dubia is about because everything is still being built. The hotel is a long way from the city and it took over an hour to get into the city by taxi because of the traffic. We were disappointed with the souk - just streets of jewellery shops. Treat it as a beach holiday with great weather - just accept that it could be anywhere in the world.	
Feb 27 2006	Fabulous service with a smile	We have just returned from a short stay at the Ritz Carlton, Dubai. As already discussed by a previous guest; there is construction directly behind the hotel, however this is now well on its way and the disturbance was minimal and really did not impact on our stay at all. We were staying on the the club level that has its own lounge, where food was available all day; from breakfast to a light dinner. This was always beautifully presented and very fresh. The service we received whilst in the lounge and in the rest of the hotel was really excellent, with all the staff very friendly. The whole hotel was beautifully presented. it is not a huge hotel and this was definately in its favour as even when the hotel was fully booked (as it was during our stay), there was always plenty of room by the pool, in the beautiful gardens and on the huge private beach, no rushing to get a sun lounger! I would definately recommend this hotel and will definately be returning.	
Dec 28 2005	Very good but in front of 10 towers under construction !	All the staff and the service of the hotel were perfect but the 10 towers under construction just behind the hotel made noise, dust and awful background ! When you are at the swimming pool, you ear the noise, when you open your window, you touch the chairs where there dust. It is not quiet outside.The whole city of Dubai is under construction just go there to do shopping but not to have a rest !	
Dec 12 2005	Sad to read the negative reviews	I'm saddened to read the negative reviews that have been posted for the Ritz Carlton. We stayed there in June 2004 and have to say it was wonderful - mainly thanks to the staff who went out of their way to provide a courteous and efficient service. Most of the building works were to the front of the hotel and we had to do a kind of slalem through a building site in the taxi. But, our room was at the rear of the hotel facing the pool and ocean so it was peaceful. Indeed, we found the whole ambience of the hotel restful and comfortable.We did think the a la carte restaurant to be a little pricey but were content with paying the extra for 2 lovely meals and comfort, peace and quiet. I had caviar and smoked salmon starters one night and my wife opted to forego a starter because she favoured a sweet. So she wouldn't &quot;feel alone&quot;, she was brought out a taster of the dish to accompany me - a very considerate touch. This level of service was maintained throughout our stay by everybody and we feel we must give a special mention to the House Manager, Ned, who saw to it that we received a particular sweatshirt that was ordered during our stay and dispatched to England. Oh yes - the beds. The best we've ever had and in a good sized and well equipped room overlooking the ocean. The pool area was uncrowded with plenty of shade and a reasonably priced snack bar. Through the gardens was direct access to the uncrowded beach. So, great memories of (what we consider) a great hotel and one we plan to visit again when the dust has settled.	
Nov 29 2005	Nice but overrated	We stayed at the Ritz Carlton as the tail end to our honeymoon (5 days). We had specifically asked for an early check in (as we arrived at 5am), but did not get this, the hotel was full so this was understandable however, we were left sitting in the spa reception area with no idea of how long we were to wait or where we could clean up/change etc. An american couple ended telling us where we could go.We eventually got our room which was lovely, with pleasant views over the pool area. I was told by two people previously that the Ritz Carlton beds were the most comfortable beds you will ever encounter. This is true if you sleep on your back as the mattress raises up at the foot end and moulds around you...but if you sleep on your front, another story entirely! Another thing is the noise transfer from the toilet/bathroom to the bedroom area, they may be a door but it might as well not be there. Also the corridor floors outside the front doors are marble and metal ridges for the carpet areas...this creates ALOT of noise when staff are pushing trolleys down there at 3am! I did alot of research before booking the hotel in Dubai for our honeymoon, and the service was meant to be outstanding...even exceptional. I understand that this service cannot be maintained consistently and unfortunately I think it slipped for us. The concierge were very helpful on the whole, especially with arranging bookings i.e. afternoon tea at the Burj, Sundowners. But the service round the pool was inconsistent and a bit of let down honestly.Once we reminded them that this was actually our honeymoon they did some nice touches to the room i.e. petals in the bath and bed, chocolate dipped strawberries, bowl of fruit. But it felt a little too late especially as we had to ask for it...which kind of takes the whole point away.Breakfast was lovely here and I would definately recommend the Amaseena (arabic restaurants under tents) by the pool...superb.Construction did not bother us too much, we spent some time by the pool and you can here the hammering, drilling etc but not too excessively.To sum it up, this hotel is lovely. It's small and personal which is probably it's appeal for most and Dubai is fantastic and well worth a visit or two. We will not be staying at the Ritz again but will probably go further up the beach to somewhere like Mina A Salaam (where we found we got better service there in two hours than we did in our entire stay at the Ritz). The front desk at the Ritz made a mistake for our transfer to the airport, they were meant to have changed it to 11.15 but it remained at 10.30 hence we very nearly lost our ride to the airport and worst of all the concierge did not apologise for it or admit that he had made a mistake. I felt like we were rushed out of the hotel, which upset me. I loved Dubai and will certainly be returning but will not stay at the Ritz Carlton, I'm afraid our personal opinion is a thumbs down.	
Nov 26 2005 	Building site	Wouldn't stay here again and I will be surprised if Ritz Carlton put their name to this hotel in the next couple of years. You always see the photo of the hotel looking out to sea but they should show you the view of the building site behind the hotel. There is massive construction going on which will dwarf the hotel. All these apartments will have people who want to go to the beach and you can guess which beach they will go to.Other than that the place is a bit of a hike from town and the &quot;French&quot; restaurant prices are outrageous. When I ate there I was told that one needed to book in advance to get a table, needless to say when the moment came there was just one other table being served.	
Nov 24 2005	Beautiful hotel warm and friendly staff. A perfect holiday	My wife and I have just returned from a week at the Ritz Carlton Dubai. It was a wondeful week and the Ritz Carlton and its staff consistently exceeded our expectations. The hotel is small by comparison to most others in Dubai and for us this was a real advantage. There was a real personal touch to the hotel and the service it offered to guests. The rooms and facilities are beautifully maintained. The pool area and the beach are quiet and spacious. The adult only pool was particularly peaceful. The restraunts are all of a very high standard. We ate at all 3 and would recommend them all. The Arabian themed outdoor buffet was superb.Above all else I must compliment the staff from the hotel. They were so warm and friendly and at the same time absolutely professional and efficient. They anticipated your every need and took care of it; consistently exceeding our expectations. The building work around the hotel is extensive (as it is everywhere in Dubai) at no point did this work trouble us or disturb us in any way. In fact it is quite fascinating to watch at times. I cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Nov 17 2005	Fantastic hotel	Just returned from 5 days at the Ritz Carlton in Dubai. It is a fantastic hotel with the most friendly, attentive staff I have ever come across. Anyone planning to go there should be aware of the extent of the construction work immediately behind the hotel, if you weren't expecting it you would be horrified on arrival, but once inside or out on the beach it really isn't a problem.We had a room on one of the Club floors, and while I don't think the rooms are significantly different to the rest of the hotel, the access to the Club Lounge is definately worth it. There is a constant supply of food which is all delicious and all drinks are complementary - they seem almost upset when you turn down yet another glass of champagne!The food in the hotel is all excellent, we particularly enjoyed dinner in the Splendido restaurant. I would also recommend BiCE at the Hilton just up the road.The beach is excellent, plenty of space and not at all crowded, unlike some of the other hotels in the area.Overall, I can't recommend the Ritz Carlton highly enough.	
Nov 12 2005	Loved the Ritz and Dubai	I'm a little late in writing this, but I really felt that this hotel (and the city) needed to be plugged. My wife and I stayed 4 nights in late September for our wedding anniversary and it was our first time in Dubai so we weren't sure what to expect. Read several reviews, for this hotel and others, and ended up at the Ritz. The reality is that Dubai is a wonderful, luxurious holiday destination, and I think you'd have a hard time finding any of the 5 star hotels that aren't spectacular. What I can say is that this hotel in particular is worth every penny. It is a class operation from top to bottom. We've been to several high end hotels, in several wonderful places, but the quality in Dubai (and at the Ritz) is certainly tops. I've said to many of my friends since returning that there is 5 star, then there's 5 star in Dubai...I truly believe there is a huge difference between the two. The hotel had wonderful restaurants, a great little meandering pool, fabulous facilities, and was located right on a fantastic stretch of white sand beach. But the best thing about this hotel was the staff. I've never seen such bend-over-backwards service mentality anywhere. From what I'm told, this is pretty typical in Dubai, but if it isn't you definitely have to stay here. We stayed in a standard room, but it was very spacious and well appointed. Other reviews have suggested that a club-level room is a must, but given the quality of the standard room, I think most people would be more than satisfied. The only &quot;negative&quot;, which is obvious from the pics posted on this website, is that there is a massive amount of condo construction going on opposite the hotels along this part of J Beach. And, contrary to what some of the reviewers state, you can see and hear it (but not from your room), and it does go on 24 hours a day. Its just something you have to be prepared for (we are glad we read this b4 we actually saw it). Having said that, however, it doesn't impact you very much. In fact, after the first few hours you forget all about it...don't know how, it just happens. Please don't let this stop you from coming here. A couple of other points about Dubai (for the first timers): a) the water of the gulf is like a hot bath; you have to experience it (I couldn't get my wife out of the sea...and she's no fish), b) if you get a chance, book yourself for the desert jeep safari...a great experience, c) even in late Sept, its really hot, d) if you stay on J Beach, expect a 45 minute cab ride into the city (with traffic), e) there is lots of traffic, f) make sure you get some shopping done...we didn't and still regret it, and g) Gordon Ramsay's restaurant at the Hilton Dubai Creek...not worth the cab ride.	
Nov 5 2005	Amazing Service and Beautiful Hotel	I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Dubai with my new bride for part of our honeymoon. We stayed 3 nights from 10/17 - 10/20. From the second we drove up to the hotel the service was excellent. In fact, we couldn't believe how amazing everything was being that we didn't even pay for the room. We used Marriott rewards points and we still were treated like royalty. We too received the Happy Honeymoon chocolate cake in the room, which was delicious. They also placed rose petals on our bed in the shape of a heart on another night and filled the bath with salts and rose petals and left chocolate covered strawberries on the side of the tub. It was very romantic and very noce of the hotel to go out of their way for us.The room was very large and spacious, with very large ceilings and a fantastic bathroom. Our room over looked the pool and the arabian gulf. Yes, there was a lot of construction outside the hotel, but the whole city is booming. You can't hear anything and it doesn't disrupt your holiday.We only ate a few meals at the hotel, but the food was very good for the meals we did eat. The best meal was breakfast. Everything was so fresh and delicious. We left the hotel for dinner one night and went to the Burj Al Arab (Al Mahara). I can honestly say it was nice to see the Burj, but the restaurant was not worth it. It was very expensive and I've had better food in NY or the Caribbean for much much less.We did have have some spa services at the Ritz which were nice. My wife said her Balinese massage was amazing, but my Balinese massage was just ok, relaxing but not the best I've ever had. I think the spa will only allow same-sex massage therapist so if you are uncomfortable with that, don't visit the spa for a massage.All in all we loved Dubai and the Ritz Carton there and we plan on going back after the construction is complete so we can see what Dubai has become.	
Oct 20 2005	Excellent Honeymoon choice!	I'm writing this review on behalf of my brother who stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Dubai between 27/9 - 4/10 for his Honeymoon. Before he went, he found Tripadvisor most helpful and wanted me to write this review for him. The room was a Deluxe Room which was very spacious, extremely clean and with a balcony facing the pool area and had partial ocean view. Upon arrival, a small chocolate &quot;Happy honeymoon&quot; cake was waiting for them with compliments from the Hotel.  The hotel grounds were beautiful (if you forget the fact that behind the hotel there is so much construction going on). The pool, the beach, the spa area, was so nice and relaxing, exactly something that honeymooners expect, peace and quiet away of everything and everyone else.  The hotel staff was so polite and always serving people in the best way. The Reception people made all the arrangements for booking in restaurants (their recommendations were excellent), tour operators for a safari in the desert or the city tour, leaving almost nothing for you to worry about. It is a fact that it is considered a rather expensive Hotel. Believe me though, it is worth every cent. They would definitely go back, on their anniversary maybe. They highly recommend it for a wonderful Honeymoon.	
Sep 14 2005	Great hotel	Just returned from 6 nights in this hotel and it was fantastic. If you are looking for top class service and friendly staff in a relaxing atmosphere this is the place.Yes they are building at the back of the hotel but as all rooms are sea facing you cannot see or hear anything unless you are right down on the beach. Pool is well designed and has it's own bar and restaurant so if you want to just relax (like we did all day!) then go here.There are two other restaurants so options a bit limited but then you can take a short taxi ride to all the other hotels on Jumeira beach.If you are looking for 5 star service without the crowds then I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 16 2005	Fantastic Hotel!	Myself and my partner stayed in the Ritz-Carlton between 2nd -10th August 2005 and we had a fantastic time. The facilities were excellent and all staff were very pleasant and helpful. The bedrooms were immaculate and very clean and comfortable. We ate in the Splendido restaurant one night and the food and service was excellent. We also ate in the La Parilla restaurant (steaks and seafood) in the Jumeriah Beach Hotel and Gordon Ramsay's restaurant &quot;Verre&quot; in the Hilton Dubai Greek on two nights as the food was so good as was the service. My partner remarked that Verre was streets ahead of the Al Mahara restaurant in the Burj (which we visited on our last trip to Dubai).The hotel also provides a free bus which will take you to all the shopping malls, Gold souk etc. The hotel is very peaceful and is not overrun with children - families with young children would probably prefer the Jumeriah Beach Hotel with its close proximity to the Wild Wadi Water Park and various other activies to keep them amused and their parents happy!We also did the Dune Safari trip which was excellent and highly recommended. I cannot rate this hotel highly enough and will definately be going back.	
Aug 11 2005	Fabulous Tie	We had an amazing time at the Ritz Carlton Dubai. The staff were extremely friendly and could not do enough to please us eg. I asked the waiter at the poolside luncheon area what brand of coffee they used as my latte was superb. He asked me how long we would be staying as the following day was his day off and he would pick me some up in the local supermarket! The gym was of a very good standard and so was the room which was at ground level and so led out onto the pool area. The breakfast was also of an extremely high standardI don't know what the construction areas look like now a year on - yes at the front of the hotel it is a building site but so is half of Dubai. All the hotel activities are at the back of the hotel.	
Aug 7 2005	Shame about the cigarettes!	Have stayed at the RC many times and love many things about the hotel. In particular, we love the large grassed area for sunbathing, the adults only pool, the buffet breakfast with outdoor seating, the lobby bar with those delicious cakes. The rooms aren't huge but comfortable and nicely furnished, the balconies are very small however. The building works behind the hotel are noisy, unsightly and cause traffic problems but once inside the hotel or the rooms you shouldn't be bothered, all rooms are sea-facing so you never have to look out onto a construction site!Now to a large moan! Virtually every visit we have been bothered by the smell of cigarette smoke coming into our room via the air-conditioning unit. Our worst time is in the early hours of the morning when we have been woken up by the stench. Clearly people smoke at all hours and this drifts through the air-con units. The hotel does not provide non-smoking floors. If you request a non-smoking room, you will get a room at the far end of a corridor, next to a smoking room, hence the problem! And we found it a very big problem, probably stopping us from returning!	
Aug 7 2005	Best hotel I have stayed in	We stayed in a club room at the Ritz Carlton for the first two nights of our honeymoon and cannot fault the hotel. Being able to use the Club Lounge gave us access to staff who were there purely to help and would recommend restaurants and get you the best bookings they could. It took the formality away from this smart hotel and we had a free glass of champagne whilst staff checked us in. The six food presentations a day were great as you could get by with just an evening meal out of the hotel. All drinks there were included, including wine and champagne, which in Dubai is a big saving. The pool area was great and right next to the beach. The sea is as hot as taking a bath! Dubai in general is undergoing a huge amount of construction work so if you go there, make the most of the weather and the smart hotels.Would love to go back.....	
Jul 25 2005	Ritz-Carlton - a little gem in a concrete jungle!	I can't say enough about this hotel. We arrived into Dubai after a 10 day tour of India. We wanted luxury &amp; relaxation both of which we got in abundance at this hotel. We stayed at a club level room which was very well appointed, large and even came with its own steam room! The food in the french restaurant was particulary good and the 6 presentations of food in the club bar was always of a high standard. The pools and seafront gardens were excellent with complimentary iced hand towels to keep you cool and strawberries! Access to the beach is easy and it has by far the nicest beach front of all the hotels in the area. The friendliness &amp; service of all the staff in the hotel was second to none. It is one of the smaller hotels in Dubai with top class personal service. I would highly recommend the club level room and all its benefits. There is construction going on around the hotel but we were not affected at all.	
Jun 16 2005	Ritz delight	Having stayed in July 2004, we are now going back in July 2005. I would recomend the club level. More cost but virtually all inclusive. Wonderful staff and rooms.  N Jordan, Bonnie Scotland.	
Jun 5 2005	An oasis in a construction desert	Dubai is not a particularly picturesque location. Even when the 25 (at least)syyscrapers are completed along the Jumeirah beach, it will still be a flat and very spread out destination. It can take over 40 minutes to reach particular malls. After the initial disappointment of the location, my wife and I went with the flow. You cannot hear any extraneous noise in the bedrooms and the familiar shudder of construction work , 24/7, actually enhanced the Dubai experience in the sense that this city is seriously booming and has a definite edge to it So, what is the attraction of staying at Ritz Carlton at present? Well, the service as always at the RC is absolutely impeccable. 2 specific examples spring to mind, Indri, one of the concirges, went into town in her own time and with her own money to purchase another memory stick, to download my photos. Mizannur, one of the housekeeping attendants found a lost diamond earring. The hotel has beautifully maintained gardens and fine pools. You leave the RC with an absolute feel good factor. RC Dubai is one seriously managed hotel. The staff are second to none.The Club lounge is an excellent deal, although this one has a children's room attached to it, which can make for a less than sophisticated and irritating atmosphere when knocking back the champagne and vodka cocktails! On the plus side it is VERY child friendly.Our room was pleasant but slightly uninteresting, not the best RC we have stayed in.We went onto the Burj Al Arab for our final 2 days which better encapsulates the whole Dubai materialistic thrill of the new. RC will always be our favourite hotel group but stay at the Burj if you can.	
Apr 10 2005	very happy customer	We have just returned from a most memorable break from this hotel. Before we went I read the previous reviews and must confess was a little bit concerned at the diversity of the comments. I had no need to worry as it was the hotel that made this such a memorable experience.Dubai in general is in the midst of a massive construction program and as a result is not the best place to go if you want tropical picture postcard beauty, even the beach is not the most stunning I have seen.Having said that the areas that are finished around the city are very pretty and immaculatley clean.We stayed in a club room and must say it is more than worth the small extra cost as you get excellent snacky food and unlimited drinks all day in the exclusive club lounge, otherwise alcohol is very expensive everywhere in Dubai.All the staff at this hotel are a credit to the Ritz Carlton group as they carried out their duties to the highest standards I think I have ever had the pleasure of and allways with a huge smile on their face (chambermaids, gardeners, decorators, pool staff - absolutley everybody).We has some friends who were staying at the Royal Meridien next door and they came to our hotel for the evening for a fantastic meal at the Splendido restaurant. They were full of enthusiasm for their hotel but when they left us they said that the Ritz Carlton was in a different class.Yes this hotel is in the middle of a building site (but then again the vast majority of the others are too) but when you are in it and in rooms that all face the sea, laying by the lovely pool that faces the sea you soon forget that (just do not look back at the hotel and you will be fine).If you do not go you will be missing out on a truly amazing experience.	
Mar 1 2005	A gem of an hotel	Would agree with all the favourable preceeding comments. We had a club room which we both felt was value for money and the frendly helpfull staff made this visit memorable . When one looks back to the hotel from the beach you can of course see many towers being constructed but at no time did building site noise become audible. Will certainly stay here again when in the region.	
Feb 27 2005	What a disappointment	I was dumb struck when we drove to the front of the hotel. The construction going on was massive , so much that one would think the hotel would be obliged to advise clients, at the time of booking , about it. We would have definately moved elsewhere had we been able to but unforunately the 10 day cancellation policy precluded that option.The room that we were in was at the far corner of the hotel , we had at least a 6 minute walk to reception each time we wanted to go out. Very tired looking hotel . Thank goodness we only booked one night.	
Feb 20 2005	a great view of construction	Just returned from Ritz Carlton, Dubai. I am sure when they built this hotel it was in a wonderful location, however every other construction company seems to like the area. To the rear of the hotel at least 10 blocks of over twenty storey appartments are being constructed. As the beach faces the 'wrong way' in order to lay in the sun one has to look at the view of these blocks being cobstructed.I found the rooms to be tired and dull, and the reception and other areas to be a bit lifeless. I really wouldnt reccomend this hotel unless one was getting a great deal	
Feb 7 2005	This is a splnedid hotel	We stayed at this hotel in May 2004. It was probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in because of the elegance of the surroundings, the plushness of the rooms and the outstanding service. It is also a very small hotel in terms of the numbers of rooms at most hotels along Jumeirah beach, which means there is a great feeling of space and tranquility.It is unfortunate that a review has been left of this hotel by a person who did not stay in the hotel, and I have written this to correct any misunderstanding his review may cause to anyone thinking of booking a room here. None of the bedrooms are anything other than sea facing at the Ritz Carlton and one cannot see any of the constuction work going on behind the hotel whilst enjoying the beach, pool etc. Yes there is a vast amount of construction going on behind the hotel (and in Dubai as a whole) that one sees when driving to approach the hotel, but did it affect our enjoyment of this superb hotel? Not one bit.	
Jan 16 2005	A warning about the contruction going on.	While I did not stay here (I infact stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek) I am warning all that stay at the beach hotels in this section (Sheraton Jumeriah Beach, Hilton Jumeriah Beach, Oasis Jumeriah, Ritz Carlton, Le Royal Meridan) that as noted on previous reviews of some of these hotels there is a MASSIVE construction zone running about 30-40 metre from the back of most of these hotels. This involves a complete new city and they appear to be building about 20 highrise towers at once just inland from the beach. I am not judging these hotels in themselves , there staff maybe great and decor fantastic (we went to the Hilton and had a drink - nice lobby, prices reasonable and inside the hotel you couldnt hear the construction). But if you were in a room facing inland you would look right into a construction site with all the workers swarming around 30 metres from you window. And yes you can see and here them from the pool area of the Hilton - sound of jackhammers etc (cant comment on the other hotels) even though this pool is facing the beach. To get to these hotels you go down streets filled with construction vehicles and down detours with dirt and sand everywhere -there would be no where to walk to once you were at your hotel (unless it was an adjoining hotel) and a taxi is definately required. Its you choice if you think this affects you but personally when we went down for a day trip my heart just dropped and both my partner and myself both said we would have been crying if we had booked along here (which we nearly did). Having said that in a couple of years time when finished and there are parks and shopping centres, bars and apartments all along here I'm sure it will be nice - but not now. You would have to be blind freddy to think that this would not affect you.	
Jan 13 2005	excellent		
Dec 3 2004	Amazing - but a few rooms to avoid		
Nov 28 2004	Sun sea and service - brilliant.		
Oct 7 2004	excellent facilities		
Sep 9 2004	Best service ever!		
Aug 22 2004	A-MAZING		
Aug 18 2004	5* More like 7*		
Aug 14 2004	Another 5 out of 5		
Jun 7 2004	Great Hotel - nothing to fault at all		
May 12 2004	Best place to stay in Dubai		
Nov 19 2009 	ottimo soggiorno		
Oct 13 2009 	arnaque du siecle !!		
Jun 19 2009 	Palace luxueux !		
May 25 2009 	genial		
Apr 19 2009 	Excelentissimo		
Dec 30 2008	Wundervolles Hotel		
Oct 17 2008 	???????????????		
Oct 13 2008	?????		
Oct 10 2008 	????????????????		
Sep 29 2008 	???????		
Feb 23 2008 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
