Aug 14 2009 	Good Value for Price	I just came back from Dubai and it was a great experience with Moscow Hotel. The room was as i ordered &quot;Smoking&quot; and it was really designed for that and far away from the Disco. The hotel in general is well managed, no drinking is allowed in the lobby, staff are friendly and helpful, and un-necessary guests are not allowed to enter the hotel (except for the disco and bar) which made the hotel very quiet.	
Aug 4 2009 	Overally... OK	the rooms were hmm... OK. The food was goo, the service was mediocre, and overally It would be an excellent place for young single men, looking for Russian prostitutes in Dubai!!!But this &quot;doesn't&quot; mean that other people (even families with children or just married couples) would experience something terrible. the air condition is excellent and some of the staff really try to be helpful. I rate it as &quot;acceptable&quot;.	
Jul 28 2009 	GOOD EXPERIENCE	We had a good experience staying in Moscow Hotel. My wife and me reached at the airport and picked- up by their car. The driver was very polite and respectful. I think the driver's name is shahid and he was working in valet also. Our flight was delayed but the shahid waited for us patiently. When we reached there, everything was done quick. We went to our room and got some nice relaxation. We went also to their bar, Red Square. We enjoyed the bar a lot and received a good service by a short filipina lady named Lorna. I missed the chance of saying thank you to these people. They made our stay wonderful.	
May 28 2009 	Terrible experience	We arrived at the Hotel around 0100 am. The lobby was full of intoxicated men sitting around smoking. When I say full I mean we had to weave through them to get to the desk. There is a night club connected to the lobby which was loud and full of prostitutes that were overflowing into the lobby and thriving on Iranian Expats. After going through the routine at the front desk the night clerk attempted to hold our passports. I know this was common practice a few years ago but now it's a serious security threat with trafficking in persons. After insisting that he return our passports he finally did. When we went to our &quot;nonsmoking&quot; room it smelled horribly of smoke. We were then given another room which wasn't much better. The bathroom was outdated and slightly moldy. The room lights were on one switch which controlled everything but the AC. So if you want to watch TV, charge your mobile, or turn on the bathroom light you will have to light up the entire room (there are no separate switches for these lights). I gladly checked out 8 hours later (2 days early) knowing I would lose the money already paid. The manager insisted I would receive a refund, which never happened after multiple attempts to contact them. Take note that I stayed at this hotel a couple of years and had no complaints. Now I STRONGLY recommend you look elsewhere for accommodations.	
Mar 21 2009 	Good experience in Moscow Hotel restaurant (Bolshoi)	We didn't stay in this hotel but went for a Russian cuisine dinner (Bolshoi Restaurant) for a change, after having read a restaurant review (written by a Brit) that put it as #1 Russian restaurant in Dubai. Being a native Russian with certain expectations to authentic food, I had a pleasant surprise - the cuisine corresponded to what it really is in Russia. The Russian dancing show (daily, 10 pm and 11.30 pm) was creative, obviosly done by a professional choreographer, with flashy costumes, but a bit loud music. A mix of traditional and modern themes, though for a native Russian it's a kitsch as these shows are done for tourists in all major hotels and restaurants of Moscow and St.Petersburg. Still, the show was the best part of the experience and provided a good value for money spent in the restaurant.The food portions were huge to say the least.The starter, salad 'pod shuboi' (herring, red beat, potatoes) , was as if it was home-made and came in a large plate; it was like a main course (corresponding to the way it is done in Russia).So, I carefully chose the lightest main course. However, my fish in 'Moscow style', was definitely for 2 or even 3 very hungry persons, and I was not able to finish even a half of it. Also, I noticed that some traditional dishes on the menu were quite heavy and will be hard to digest in the hot climate of Dubai as many of them are designed for Russian winter time. So, beware of meats and sauces made of sour cream.Overall, good experience and good value for money	
Jun 24 2008	Not recommended	I travel to Dubai for business ones a month and stayed in many hotels and I can easily say that this is by fare the worst. Hotel lobby is full of prostitute at nights peoples dealing and willing with Russian girls its a freak show, the main dinning room is square and have no character, the food was not up to standard to say the least not to mention the service. Over all we were very disappointed and I would not stay there again even if they pay me, it's a shame because the hotel porters and couple of receptionist where very nice and I wish they can teach the rest of the staff how to deal with the guests.	
Apr 4 2008 	Living in Moscow hotel	Hey there,It was a wonderful experience for me while I was staying at Moscow Hotel Dubai. I was really impressed in this Hotel all the times when I was there. I reached there at about 2:00PM and got a Russian Buffet which costs AED 55. The lobby was really imposing and attractive. There was another resturant(I don't remember the name) got a fantastic dinner with Music and traditional Russian dance. Hope to see those again. The bar was really cool and not much noisy and rushy. Can have some drinks with the Guitar and violine music played by the beautiful ladies from Uzbakistan. They were really cool. After some shots I went to the Redsquare night club. The entrance fee is AED100 for outsiders with one drink free. But as I was a resident of the hotel they charge me only AED50. Enjoyed some good music and it was not disappointing at all. I loved it. I would recomment this hotel for who is coming to Dubai as Tourists, or even an over night stay while going home through Dubai.Shijo, India	
Feb 20 2008 	Disapointing experience!	Small rooms,the pictures of hotel in it's site are totally misleading.poor dinning room,so noisy,poor lobby...	
Jan 30 2008 	Not bad but not brilliant	I should be writing a good review of this place as the people who work here are firiendly, helpful and its a nice enough place, but....to use the 'broadband' internet which is about as fast as dial up is £10 per hour, what?? The breakfast is crap, and there is a night club downstairs so when I arrived knackered form a 7 year trip then another 1.5 hours at the airport at 2am I was confronted with about 25 clubbers giving me dirty looks as I ambled in and sat down trying to speak to the staff so I could check in,saying that, the rooms are decent enough, room service is brilliant, I ordered at 3am and got chicken and chips within 20 mins and it was fantastic, lovely grilled chicken, and they are great for helping you out, although I did request help as the internet wasn't working and no-one came at all even though they said they'd send someone straight away - so I buggered off down the road and paid £1.20 for an hours worth in some internet cafe,the area is fine with loads of shops and stuff and restaurants around and cabs everywhere, but I still felt a bit like I was imposing on people when asking for stuff,so all in all not bad, but would I come back? hmmmm, I don;t think so, there are loads of much better places to go to.....	
Jan 8 2007	Moscow Hotel Dubai December 12 2006 Disappointing experience	The room was quite comfortable although the aircon was impossible to adjust and the bedspread rather shabby and grubby for such a new hotel.We found the coffee shop grossly overpriced. Our experience of the restaurant was quite disastrous. We had to eat to the worst loud head banging music and even when I requested some nice appropriate Russian music suited to the ambience, the one track soon finished and we were back to loud pop music.The service was poor, our meals were not brought together and the food was mediocre.We booked our checkout for 5 a.m. as we needed to breakfast in the Business lounge at the airport as the Hotel breakfast did not serve until 6.30 and there were no facilities even to grab a coffee or tea. Although our room was prepaid and no consumption of the minibar, we were kept waiting for more than 30 minutes while the staff member discussed with 2 male guests their bar tabs and phone bill, finally conceded to interrupt and allow us to check out, needed reminding to give us back our passports, which she needed a further 5 minutes to find.I think the Hotel has potential but they really need to work on staff training and Customer relations. I could not recommend it in all honesty and we certainly will not stay there again. Since I pass through Dubai at least once a year, there are many hotels of a much superior standard equally and some even lower priced	
Dec 7 2006 	Russian charm Russian service	Mediocre experience with the Moscow Hotel. Terrible service really brought my impression down, otherwise quite okay.The Good: - Modern building with high quality fittings throughout. - Excellent style and design, including room decor. - Well appointed business lounge and a variety of hotel facilities. - Fantastic breakfast buffet. - Good area within close proximity to the creek and a wide selection of restaurants. - Very adept concierge and housekeeping. - Satisfactory price. The Bad: - Service. For some odd reason, the staff feel that bestowing great impatience, lack of attention and addressing clientele with a brash &quot;Yes?&quot; is an example of appropriate hospitality. The only friendly and professional service I received was from the concierge and the Indian employees in housekeeping. - Intermittent hot water in the evening (this did not only effect my room). - Air conditioning system did not seem to cope well when set to anything over 20'C.  - Hotel claims that the contained nightclub is sound-proof. My experience tells otherwise. - Ludicrously overpriced (and not so great) coffee shop. Overall, the sheer number of hotels in Dubai means that you could probably find better value elsewhere.	
