Oct 28 2009	Everythings Premier except the location....	Took my mum for a last minute holiday. The service was top notch. Better than alot of 5 star luxury hotels. The staff would do anything for you.Frustrating things are that it is in the middle of nowhere, kinda knew this before travelling, but planned on getting bus to ibn buttuta mall then travelling out but the bus that the premier inn website advertises the hotel staff told me does no longer exisist. Handy. This meant, taxis. However due to a massive bit of roadworks on the only road that led to the hotel, my taxi fares were about £4 or £5 more expensive than necessary due to sitting in the awful traffic. This cannot be blamed on the hotel though and relatively, taxis are cheap - dont get me wrong. £20 to the airport the other side of Dubai is cheeeap and takes 45mins you couldnt get that in london. But spent most my money in taxis. Also there is not taxis waiting at hotel really as not main tourist hotspot but hotel will call them for you happily and normally about a five minute wait.Food was great.The service was really next to none. Pool was lovely with beach towels supplied. Lifeguard was quite good looking too! It was sooo peaceful at night - which alot of the other hotel in dubai definetly arent due to the main motorways like sheik zahyed road running past them.The rooms were spacious, free safe in the wardrobe, fridge, and lovely bathroom, lots of towels. The bed is huge and high - like the princess and the pea! The shower drips a bit and curtain does not stop running water on to the bathroom floor. But fairly minor complaints.Best cheap stay hotel in Dubai bar none!	
Apr 30 2009 	Best hotel in Dubai investment park	I am a US travler who spends a week a month at the Premier for business in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Great hotel...as good or better than the other local option at 3X the price.Great value...see previousGreat &quot;Dubai&quot; service (ME service in general is not like the States)Clean and New...Hotel Restaraunt...not 5 star eating but good and convenientGood Location...easy to travel north or southQuite at night...Very Friendly Staff...felt at home and called by name by end of 1st tripOnly thing missing is a fitness room...u will have to get imaginative and use the Stairmaster (fire exit stairs) at the end of the hallway or run outside...	
Apr 28 2009 	Ideal location for work	I was working at a business on the Investment Park so the location was ideal. Taxis were outside ready to go at a moments notice. The staff were always friendly and helpful. Football was being shown at the Retreat bar each night. I am returning in May and have already booked in here again. Is in essence everything you get at a premier inn in the Uk, with the addition of a bar/restaurant and pool on the roof. The pool was quiet both times i went up there but always manned with a lifeguard. Towels are provided at the pool. The wifi connection was a bit slow at times (to be fair they do warn about this) although it is free so can't complain.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Value	This was a 5 day business trip and usualy would stay at the near by Marriot but maybe not again and thats no disrespect to the Marriot. Large comfortable rooms with free wi fi, great service and a decent resteraunt/bar, showing all the live sports . I didnt use the pool but it looked ok and very clean. As said in other reports it isn`t near the centre but taxis are reasonable, £10 to the Jummeriah area - £18 to the airport. At 350 durams a night its great value for money.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great for the price in Dubai many aspects like 5*	This is fantastic for the price. Brilliant service compared to any UK Premier Inn. The pool is small but lovely. With a lifegurad on duty nice comfortable sunloungers with pads. Attractive umbrellas, fresh towels laid out for you, the same as in any city Dubai 5*. The lifegurad put out toys for the kids to play with when they were in the pool, most of the time we were the only ones up there. There are nice changing rooms up there too. You can order drinks to from a phone near there but it would be nice if there was say a soft drink honesty bar or the life guard could sell cans of soft drinks. There is a PC to use in the foyer and newspapers with large sitting areas and a costa coffee bar. My only negatives are the food was still quite expensive and not brilliant just OK the chicken sausages were the worst I've had at breakfast. Also the shower curtain did not stop the water flooding out onto the bathroom floor. But still fantastic value. Cost about £20 for a taxi from the airport one way and about £10 to Atlantis. There were always plenty of taxis outside and the reception staff would book and organise stuff for you. There is a supermarket nearby too.	
Nov 3 2008 	brand new fantastic hotel	I have been to dubai before and stayed in a 5* so I was a bit dubious of staying in a premier inn but it was FANTASTIC. the pool was a great size and was never busy.there is a huge whirlpool as well which thankfully wasnt hot.the rooms are huge with 32&quot; lcd tv with 42 channels including sky.kettle tea and coffee are also provided.free wifi as well.We arrived at 10am and check in was not until 2pm but we were given our room straight away and again our flight home was not until 11 and the staff said we could keep the room til 6pm with no extra charge.the hotel is in the green community and there is development going on but in the hotel or up at the pool you cant see or hear any of it.they are opening 2 more next year next to the airport and in silicon oasis.taxi from the airpor takes about half an hour and will cost about 90 dirhams wich is about £15 and 40-60 to mall of the emirates which is about £8-!2.will def stay here again	
Jul 11 2008 	Fantastic hotel	what a FANTASTIC HOTEL,i have been to dubai loads of times and stayed in what are supposed to be the best hotels in the world yet this is a budget hotel and its AMAZING.THE ROOFTOP POOL IS GREAT WITH VIEWS TO BURJ AL ARAB.TAXI Ttaxi to emarites mall cost no more than£4fantastic fantastic fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 30 2008 	Complete refurbishment	The hotel is in an excellent location for visitors to the city. The staff all take care to ensure you have everything you need and the rooms were clean and had a huge bed.	
May 1 2008 	Great Value and better than expected!	I recently visited Dubai with my partner and we were informed that the Premier Inn brand had just opened there, which is a great as it provides a real budget option in Dubai!The hotel is bit out of the centre but a taxi to the beach even at rush hour only costs £5 (35 dirhams).IThe hotel is spanking new and was a real pleasant surprise, it has a roof pool (although it gets extremely hot up there) , a costa coffee, a bar and a restuarant, all of whcih provide excellant food and drinks at reasonable prices. The restuarant is particularly worth visiting as the food and service i found second to none!The rooms are big and clean with very comfortable beds, standard decor, but what else do you really need?Overall i would highly recommend this hotel as a real budget option in an expensive city! I am already planning my next trip to Dubai and will definitely be staying there!	
Jul 30 2008 	S		
