Nov 22 2009 	Only a Hostel... not a Hotel	One of the worst Hotel Apartments in the Middle East. Promise a lot in the internet - just as a marketing effect, not in reallyty. There is only the space of the flat ok - all other details are a not provided by staff and management.	
Apr 10 2008 	Absolutely brilliant	I have been to Dubai many times over last few years and this was easily the nicest place i have stayed for value for money. And just to point out i have always stayed in Luxurious hotels previously (Sheraton deira, Taj palace, etc) Apartments are very spacious. Hotel staff are very polite. Breakfast facilities is not the greatest, but i can only assume it will get better, as they have only just opened.  Although there is not many shops nearby, you cannot really complain as you get a very nice apartment for the money you pay compared to the price you would pay for an apartment right in the centre of dubai. My advice for families would be to defintely stay here due to size of apartments and quality of apartments. You will not be dissapointed.	
Apr 8 2008	Pleasantly Surprised...	We were a bit tired after arriving in Dubai at 2am and being taken to the wrong hotel by the taxi driver. After being told that this hotel was a bit out near the airport we were slightly reluctant to take the trip. We walked in the door and there was a friendly smiling face waiting for us. The check in was quick and smooth. When we walked through the halls to our two bedrooms apartment everything looked and smelled brand new. We opened the door and we were blown away by how large and beautifully furnished and arranged our place for three nights were. The living room was beautiful, each bedroom had its own full bathroom,an extra half bath in the hall next to a laundryroom with a combo washer/dryer,and a huge full kitchen. We thought we had hit the jackpot. Our fears were put to rest and we relaxed and had a wonderful time there. Free buffet breakfast daily and the shuttle took us to MALL OF EMIRATES as requested. I would definitely stay there again!!!	
Mar 31 2008 	NOT a 4 star!	This hotel is not worthy a 4 star rating, upon arrival they forgot to send a driver at the airport, so we waited 30 mins, after begging to use a phone at the airport, then there were no appologies, room was not up to standard, shoddy paint/ finishes, wonky tiles, no balconie! as they advertised, taxi service was terrible, have to croos a busy sandy road, breakfast is a free for all,so called resteraunt is a basic room with plates of food, i have been to dubai 5 times &amp; never seen flies in dubai hotels , but come here and you will in the food area! NO BAR! , staff were polite, but thats the best point, i won't go back there, reccomend oasis beach hotel, hilton, metropolitan, to name a few, I BOOKED THROUGH EXPEDIA, next time i'll stick to best at dubai holidays!	
Mar 24 2008 	Didnt live up to our expectations	This hotel should NOT be rated a 4 - star. I have paid less and had better services from many other hotels. A week before arriving at the hotel I emailed them and requested a baby cot. I said i was willing to bring our travel cot if they didnt have any. I was reassured that there would be a cot available and not to worry. I was also told breakfast was complimentary. Well, we arrived at the hotel on the 20th March and noticed that the hotel was somewhat overcrowded and that reception were not particularly welcoming. Our two-bedroom suite was on the 12th floor which we didnt mind, and was really the highlight of our stay. We had every comfort we needed in our suite and the state of furniture/decor was perfect. In fact it was the best suite we ever stayed in. The kitchen had every facility and provision - just as we would have in our own home (minus the food of course ;)HOWEVER, there was no baby cot. In fact no cot arrived even though i kept being assured one was on its way. in fact, a mattress turned up at 1am at night, with my toddler happily bouncing around for most of the night. It was really upsetting. The hotel now admitted there were no cots available, and insisted that i should be happy with the mattress especially as they werent charging me for it. WELL, a baby cot would have been complimentary anyway, so yes it should be free at no extra charge.The next morning we went down to breakfast - and what a disappointement. no plates left, no cutlery, no juice, no tea and barely any food. Many people were left disappointed as there really wasnt anything to eat. After I complained and threatened to take it up with the manager, they started to send in some scraps, but by then we were really put off.The hotel was not at the standard of a 4 star. in terms of service - very poor, probably 1 or 2 maximum. the suite was very nice and yes probably 4 star. You need to decide which is more important. Personally I will not return there again, even though we had the perfect suite. The hotel is on a building site and while we heard no noise, the surroundings arent very pleasant. A very nice restaurant just down the road - Karachi Durbar that sells asian food at good prices.As for the hotel, i would not recommend it. The staff need to be trained in customer satisfaction and be more welcoming to guests.	
Mar 22 2008 	Not that good	This hotel was rated 4 stars hotel. In my opinion 3 stars is max. Service was slow and Hotels restaurant was awfull. Gym was small and there was no pool. In march 2008 hotel was located in the middle of construction site.	
