Nov 25 2009 	FAB great value location rooms  food and services	Great location, the hotel has a quite relaxed feel to it. The food and breakfasts cant be falted all made fresh and plenty of choice.the staff are so helpful and have a lot of knoledge of the area.The pool is lovly and get sun on it in the afternoon, and you can also ask to have food and drinks in the courtyard area or poolside, its very quite so its nice to relax after busy mornings.the room keeping is up to a very high standsrd	
Nov 16 2009 	Spotless affordable satisfying great location.	Check in was relatively quick, room was spotless and very comfortable (bed sheets were clean and comfortable), staff were very polite, and the location was the best. I like Deira city centre very much and the parking entrance is literally across the street. I didnt check for facilities available like internet, fitness centre or pool, i wasn't concerned with it, so i can't really say.The rooms were great except for the fact that there were no toothbrushes or soaps supplied, and the toilet.. it was quite cramped. If you lean forward enough, your head would hit the wall facing it. Shower was spotless and i loved it. Over all i was very happy with this hotel, although i must say that i've stayed in cheaper hotels with nicer. more spacey bathrooms (that supply soaps and things), with beds that are just as comfortable. If you're looking for a place in Deira, across the street from Deira city centre, and very satisfying rooms, this is a great place. Just pack a toothbrush.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location and great price	If you want a hotel in a great location without the expence of the beach front hotels, then this is it! We stayed at the Novotel Deira City for 4 nights on our way from the UK to Thailand. The room was prety much what I expected, having stayed at Novotel's in the UK, however the sofa bed is narrow and was a bit of a tight fit for our 2 boys (8 &amp; 10 years), so think about this if you are looking for a room to sleep a family of 4. The bathroom was better than UK Novotel's and I was pleased with the overal size of the room and features, after all you just want a safe hotel and a bed for the night - right? Otherwise the whole hotel was spotlessly clean, staff are friendly, helpful and efficient, and there is free internet access in the ground floor lobby area. Location is good, right oposite the Deira City Mall, and a short walk to the new Dubai Metro station (beware not all stations open as yet!). Breakfast was plentiful but got a little repetative after 4 days. we used the pool to cool off after sight seeing, and again this area is clean and well maintained. No hesitation to recommend this hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Novotel a good chain of hotels	The hotel was in good location, exactly opp the city centre mall.The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean.I was there with a large group.The staff was nice, polite, very helpful all the time during my stay there. Though we were a large group, they handled us with patience. The breakfast though i must say was not up to the mark, There needs to be more options for vegetarians apart from Beans and Potatoes everyday.The confernce facilities is not of large capacity, OVer all good hotel, good location, great rooms, The group was really happy to stay there.I shall go there again with a smaller group or if i went alone.	
Aug 21 2009 	Reasonable hotel at a reasonable cost.	Stayed here for one night to make a connecting flight back to the UK and was in the hotel for no more than 18 hours - but this hotel was very nice inside. The location of this hotel is in the middle of the business district and therefore, the things around the hotel are limited. However, the rooms are well presented. The staff are friendly and helpful. Cost wise, it is reasonable and for a stop over, it would be fine - however, it is a business hotel and guests should be aware of this when booking.	
Aug 19 2009 	One Night was great!	Spend the night awaiting my flight next day. Great clean smart almost Japanese in style with lovely bathroom.free internet in lobby, which was a bonus!High recommendable place at reasonable price!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great clean hotel and amazing location!	It was the first time for my husband and I to go to Dubai. We were also with my father in law who has been to Dubai before. This was partly a business trip because my husband and his dad had to attend a trade fair. I just merely tagged along. We arrived early in the morning (around 3am) and we asked if we could be allowed to check-in early and the person in the reception was kind enough to accommodate us...our room was ready before 6am. The room was very clean and quite large. Breakfast was good although they could add more variety to it. We stayed for 5 days so we kinda figured out what to expect by the 3rd day. The best part was that the Deira City Center was just in front of the hotel so we could just cross the street if we needed anything from Carrefour or we could go around the numerous shops in the city center. Getting a taxi was never a problem because the hotel staff were very helpful.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good hotel in good location	The hotel is spotlessly clean and still feels new. The rooms are a good size, and the included breakfast was good. The free internet in the lobby was great and we enjoyed a drink in the bar at happy hour. I really liked the location, just a short walk to the City Centre shopping mall where there are a good range of restaurants, Coco’s was our favourite. The complimentary transfers to and from the airport were a welcome bonus. The only problem we had during our stay was that the fire alarm went off in the early hours of the morning on two out of the three nights. We asked reception if there was a problem with the alarm and they said that kids had deliberately set it off. As no one else has reported problems with the fire alarm I would be happy to stay here again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great new hotel and good value too!	I highly recommend this hotel. Almost brand-new, clean, and modern throughout. Very close to the airport and right across the street from the Deira City Centre shopping mall, with its restaurants, cinema, and shops. Fantastic swimming pool -- one of the best I've seen. The rooms are tastefully decorated and a bit on the small side, but perfectly adequate for one or two people. The bathrooms have a separate tub and shower stall, which is handy. Service is generally cheerful and efficient. Breakfast buffet was not lavish, but ample. About the only thing for which I would fault this hotel is the poor internet connection at the two (free) terminals in the lobby -- the connection is slow, and times out after about 10 minutes.	
Jul 10 2009 	food is rubbish	We paided for half board but could only get breakfast.The restaurant was closed at night we then had to go to the french bistro and choose 2 courses and the selection was bad.The selection at 12- 3pm was bad too ie the buffet.The only good thing was breakfast.I dont recommend staying here to anyone.	
Jun 24 2009 	Best New Hotel in the Area	As others have already said, this hotel is brand new, it still has that new 'hotel smell' ...as in it smells great! Was on a non-smoking floor of course. The rooms are relatively large, huge flat screen TV, FREEZING A/C (which is either good or bad), good thing the beds come with a comfy duvet. The bathrooms are full featured, separate shower/bath, french shampoo and soaps, awesome water pressure, instant hot water. I liked the little details, nice selection of tea/coffee, nice leather office chair. It was like a second home for the few days I was there. One thing which is a bit of a downer was the internet, as with most hotels in dubai it isn't free. It was fast though. The breakfast was the best, make sure to get a special deal to include it. Everything was fresh, fresh cut fruit, home made yogurt, lots of cereals, pastries, and my personal benchmark for good breakfasts - pancakes. Dubai is rather quiet at the moment, so I'm sure sure how the ambiance of this hotel would change if it were fully booked, but for now, its the best bet for the location (directly across the street from Deira City centre Mall (just be sure to be careful crossing the street...no pedestrian cross walks in dubai!	
Jun 7 2009 	Great Hotel with great service	Stayed at this hotel en-route to South Africa and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.The hotel is clean and modern with all the facilities you would expect from a Novotel. The outdoor swimming pool was a highlight after a day sightseeing around Dubai. I didn’t try the restaurant, although it did look very quiet.The hotel is close to the airport and a free airport shuttle is available (make sure you inquire at time of reservation or contact the hotel) The Deira City Shopping centre is directly opposite the hotel, there are plenty of shops, restaurants, cafes and a large Carrefour supermarket. If you need somewhere close to the Airport with great service then the Novotel is for you. If this hotel is too expensive there is an Ibis hotel right next door. But for my money, it was worth paying the extra.	
May 22 2009 	Can't fault this hotel	I can't fault this hotel. I've stayed there twice now. The staff are attentive. The place is modern and clean. It's very cheap. It's near the airport. Internet is very fast and works. Room service is fast and good quality. Haven't eaten in the restaurant.Sadly (for them) it's not busy!	
May 15 2009 	Good value close to airport	Arrived very late at the airport, but the Novotel agent was still waiting. he told me the shuttle bus had just left but that he would call the hotel to send a car. 10min later a white Lexus pulled up to take me to the Novotel Deira. This is a good way to start a trip.The hotel is quite new, simple, but well done. Rooms are smaller than elsewhere, but clean and nicely designed. Breakfast is good, with enough hot and cold choices.The location is not really interesting, but it is close to the Airport so getting there and away is easy. It is a taxi ride anywhere else. Best rooms in the place (view and away from elevator) are: even numbers 920 - 928. True that the swimming pool gets littel sun, but when it is +35 outside that is really OK.	
May 15 2009 	ideal location	We stayed at novotel city centre after reading a lot of reviews of it....it was a very clean and crisp hotel.its less than a year old. they maintain it well. the staff is very courteous.the rooms are quite big. the bathroom and toilets are nice and clean as well...most of all, the location is perfect as my wife wanted to shop and most of the time to get a cab in parts of dubai can be a taxing job.At 150 $ a night all that is a very good deal.They do have a property called the ibis hotel by its right. Thats a 2 star where as the novotel is a 4 star. I did check out the ibis as it was for 100$ a night and practically at the same location. But on seeing the lack of room service, a mini bar , a coffee maker, bathrobes, high speed internet in the room and a smaller lcd tv i chose to continue staying at the novotel.Stayin in this hotel we just crossed the road and were in one of the biggest shopping malls in dubai which was great.Even close by there's the boat club which has a nice open bar by the lagoon called QDs(quaterdeck).It is also close to the airport (10 min drive approx).All in all. Theres not much to do within the hotel.They do have a couple of bars and i think 3 resteraunts but they seemed quite dead always.The pool area is nice though.Its in a good location, the rooms and the hotels are very clean and nice. Its more like a business hotel.I would definately go back there.	
May 6 2009 	Pleasant Hotel	This is the first time I have stayed in a city hotel in Dubai...one word of warning...if you are used to staying at one of the beach hotels...you will miss the beach location!As you would expect from a new hotel the interior is fresh and contemporary. Our (smoking) room on the fifth floor was not massive but adeqaute, clean and comfortable with all the normal accessories i.e. toiletries, in room safe, tea and coffee making facilities, complimentary water, flat screen tv with a good selection of English speaking channels etc. I was travelling with a friend and was expecting a twin room (having requested it at booking through a tour operator) however, all rooms have only one double bed and a single person sofa bed. The sofa bed was comfy enough but I guess if you are going with a friend you will have to toss a coin to see who bagsies the nice big double bed!The pool area is small although very nice and like other reviews have mentioned only fully catches the sun between certain hours. Early morning and late afternoon will only catch one side of the pool. As far as I could tell the pool area is shared with the Ibis hotel which is next door. At peak tourist times there certainly wouldn't be enough sun loungers for everyone (from memory I think there is only about 15). For those that don't make it to the pool in time to secure a lounger, head to Jumeirah Park Beach. The hotel runs a free shuttle leaving at 09.00 or 12.00 and returning at 15.00 or 17.00 (you will need to ask reception to book you a place on the shuttle). The beach park cost a small 5 dirham to enter and you can also hire towels for 5 dirham (with a 40 dirham deposit) and sun loungers for 15 dirham. There is also food and drink, changing rooms and showers available on the beach.I found all of the Novotel staff on the reception desk, concierge, restaurants etc to be extremely friendly and helpful. We were staying half board and the buffet in the Tala restaurant was very good both in the morning and evening. Plenty to choose from, well presented and made and my friend and I always looked forward to stuffing our faces there!The hotel is opposite to the City Centre shopping mall which is huge, so if you are a shopper it's ideal. There are plenty of shops, restaurants, cafes, a supermarket and cinema all in the complex. May I recommend The Noodle Store...it's on the floor below the main shopping centre and does very tasty noodle and rice dishes and the most amazing ice teas and fruity mocktails. Taxi costs from the hotel are approx. as follows: Sheik Zayed Road ( to get a close up of the Burj Dubai) 40 dirham, Jumeira Park Beach 35 dirham, Dubai Museum/Bastikiya 25 dirham. It's really easy to flag a taxi down outside the hotel (or anywhere in town for that matter). There are two computers that can be used free of charge in the lobby...very handy if you want to check yourself in online or need to check your email.All in all a very good hotel and ideal for a comfortable city break and I have no problem recommending it as I would definitely use it again myself. I personally prefer a beach hotel even though they cost more but you can't beat having a balcony with a sea view and they do tend to have much larger pool areas and a private stretch of beautiful beach. Had the Oasis Beach Hotel not been pulled down at the end of last year (for something bigger and better to come along presumably) I would have returned there.	
Apr 25 2009 	exceptionally personal service from a city centre hotel	I arrived in the wee small hours - ages before the scheduled 2.00 pm check in. I was welcomed effusively and found a room. Porter service, restaurant, reception staff - all very attentive, charming and eager to please. I re-booked for 2 weeks later and called ahead, having remembered a staff name. He arranged an airport collection for me as well as another, very early check in. Just lovely people!	
Apr 23 2009 	Stunning hotel great location and suburb staff	I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, as it was one of the most pleasant experiences of my holiday. I flew in very early in the morning and knew that check in time was 2pm. The receptionist commented that I must be tired and would try and get a room within an hour (which she did)  I call that outstanding service and never anywhere in the world have I been able to book in that much earlier without paying for half a day. Sooo appreciated - many thanks.I had a stop over night on my way back to Dubai, cancelled the international airport hotel and opted to go back to the Novotel for a short night, its a great relaxing experience .	
Apr 18 2009 	Superb hotel great location 	Having returned from a superb 13 night stay at this hotel I felt compelled to share my familys views. I travelled with my husband &amp; 12 year old daughter, having booked through Virgin holidays.After an early arrival at 8.00am we were immediately accommodated in a pool view room on the 8th floor. The advertised check in time is 2.00pm, so this was a bonus and beyond expectation. Should you wish to be guaranteed early check-in you should pay for the previous nights accommodation; otherwise don't be unhappy if it is not possible! The contemporary room was more than adequate, however a family of 4 may find it a bit more cosy! Bathroom has separate walk-in shower and bath. Cleanliness is a given.As part of our package we opted for half board, and it was worth every penny. We ate in the Tala Restaurant which offers a nightly buffet. My daughter had no issues finding something to her taste. There was a range of both local and international dishes. Breakfast also plentiful, cereals, juices, fresh fruit, pastries, cold meats / cheeses, hot food including french toast, pancakes &amp; syrup, 'live egg station' with omelettes, fried eggs cooked to order. Remember, no pork dishes so beef bacon and chicken sausages are served! The staff in the restaurant were both discreet and efficient, remembering our drink preferences. We found the pool area great. The sun covers some of the outdoor seating area from early morning and by the time 10.30am came, the loungers at one side of the pool got full sun. By the time you get to the afternoon all poolside loungers are in full sun. We had a welcoming breeze most of the time, however there are plentiful parasols if needed. The pool is a decent size, and in comparison to the Hilton Dubai Creek (which we visited too) is a larger area and less cramped. Towels are provided by very attentive pool attendants who will also serve beverages and food from the Tala Cafe menu. NB. Alcoholic beverages are not served between 4pm - 6pm.Vertigo Bar offered a 'happy hour' between 6.00pm - 8.00pm with 2 for 1 on selected drinks. On average a pint of lager cost around £6. Children are not allowed in Bars in UAE (must be 21), but our daughter was content to use the free internet facilities in the lobby area!There is a further restaurant 'Domino', however we did not use. It looked impressive though.The location is 5 mins from the airport and directly opposite the City Centre Shopping Mall. Very convenient for most needs including familiar brands from the UK - Debenhams, Boots, Lush, Designer stores etc. and a variety of places to eat. The sheer size of Dubai city is huge. It is approx. 25 miles from Deira to the new Dubai Marina area. We used taxi's to get around which were reasonable; approx 30 Dirhams to Dubai Mall, 60 Dirhams to Madinet Jumeirah / Wild Wadi / Burj Al Arab, 20 Dirhams to the Souks.The Dubai Metro is nearing completion and will link the Airport in Deira to the Marina. It is rumoured to open by the end of 2009.Overall, this is a superb hotel and great value for money in Dubai. The Novotel 4 star standard in Dubai can probably be compared to a 5 star beach resorts in Caribbean / Thailand etc. You can experience Dubai for less than you think!All the staff at the Novotel were attentive and professional and made our holiday. Can't fault it!	
Mar 18 2009 	Fab hotel	Had a nice stay here, the only bad things were we got to the hotel at 830am and could'nt checkin until 2pm,.After many phone calls from the pool area we got in a room at 1030am. The main downer was the pool area, looks nice etc but does'nt get any sun until noon then none again at 5 !! not great for sun bathing.Breakfast and staff v good and room service v good. No booze served from 4-6pm every day !!!!	
Feb 12 2009 	Very Good Value for Money	My family and I (husband and 2 small kids) arrived in Dubai at around mid-day and had no trouble finding the Novotel representative which kindly showed us the way to the waiting area so we could wait for the arrival of the shuttle bus. The hotel is about 10 minutes drive from the airport, mostly because of the amount of road works all over Dubai. On arriving at the hotel, the staff were ever so kind and took our suitcases straight away to their sorting room and once the room had been allocated, they produced them just as we opened the door.The room was very clean and despite staying at the 2nd floor and facing a Mosque, we were not disturbed in any way by the call of pray, which we were concerned about at first.The hotel is located right opposite the Deira City Centre, which is a nice shopping mall and it was just great for us. Our kids are not very well behaved so we were able to take them to the mall so they could have something to eat, without disturbing those in the hotel's restaurant. The location of the Novotel for us was just perfect, because we were able to go to Carrefour to buy milk and loads of mineral water, as well as have something to do with the Kids.The staff from the hotel were very pleasant and very attentive. We liked it so much, that we decided to stay there again on our way back from Cyprus en route to Shanghai. The second time, we phoned the Novotel rep beforehand and told him what time we would be arriving (after midnight) and that we had small kids. The Hotel managed to get us a van, so we wouldn't have to wait too long, all free of charge. They were expecting for us there and everything went very smoothly.However, given the current economic situation, it is true that many 5star hotels are lowering their fares and we heard that one could get a much nicer hotels for a few extra Pounds. A valid point and very worth exploring, because some of the resorts are just unbelievable. Having said that, given my own circumnstances, the Novotel Deira was an excellent choice and I most certainly recommend it. It is not posh, it is clean, practical and certainly good price. Would stay there again, no problem.	
Jan 25 2009 	Fair just good enough	Me, my wife and our 6 month old son stayed at the novotel deira city centre from dec 3 to dec 6 2008. arrived at the hotel around 1 pm and were immediately given a room. the room was a little smaller than our expectation, the bed was a queen size, i thought it should have been a king size and inquired with the reception but they said they have only one type of room in the entire hotel. the accor hotels website merely mentions &quot;double bed&quot; and queen size is a double bed! anyways they gave us a baby cot. the toilet albeit small was nice, had a bathtub and a separate shower stall. our price was for the room only and so we never got to try the breakfast at the hotel instead we walked across to the deira city centre for breakfast at various coffee shops/delis. the hotel has shuttle service to the jumeira beach, the service is run in conjunction with the guests at the ibis hotel alongside. the location of the hotel is convenient, the staff was mostly polite, courteous and helpful, the housekeeping was efficient. taxis were easily called, worse case situation would be to go to deira city centre for cabs. but dubai cab drivers - a different story altogether! had a little trouble with the room air conditioning, the thermostat not working well and cooling the room way too much (would be good during the summer months but my god dubai was quite chilly during our visit). We paid 650 dirhams per night using the accor website, which felt like a good deal before departing for dubai, but after being in dubai my opinion would be that if for another 100-200 dirhams a swankier hotel can be got, then that is what one should do. we moved to the grand hyatt from the novotel from 6-9 december and my god what a place that is!to summarize, the novotel deira city centre is a fair enough functional hotel, with good convenient location. it is brand new so use it while it is still new and smelling of fresh paint!	
Jan 1 2009 	Novotel Deira City Centre: Perfect stay at convenient location	We (wife, daughter of 17 and myself) just returned from a 8-night Christmas stay in the brand new Novotel Deira City Centre hotel and are very satisfied with this accommodation.Although we arrived early in the morning (after a night flight with little sleep) , the reception personnel was able to already provide us the keys of our room which we appreciated very much to get some additional rest.As for every contact with the hotel personnel they have been very nice and accurate and made us feel very welcome.The previous commenter may have been very unlucky, but I can only imagine this to have been caused by ‘starting-up’ problems one month earlier of this new hotel.We really had no noise issues from either inside or outside, lcd tv as well as shower worked just fine.Also, we used both the complimentary transportation to Jumeirah Beach Park (two rides a day) and to the airport (each 30 minutes) and experienced no problems.The location, just opposite to the Deira City Centre Mall which, except for many shops and a food court also accommodates a large Carrefour supermarket, is just excellent.If you know the right way to walk you can enjoy a lunch with a view at the Dubai Creek Golf &amp; Yacht Club (the taxi driver initially headed for the wrong Marina but we could easily walk the way back to the hotel).Small tip, make sure to always carry a Dubai map with you to double-check whether the taxi driver has the same destination in mind as you have…).	
Nov 2 2008 	Love Novotal but they got this one wrong	We stayed in this hotel for nights. We had booked a family room with a double bed and sofa bed but on arrival were advised that this was not available and given 2 singles...then told to push them together when we complained. This was after the promised airport shuttle failed to arrive. After 4 hours of arguing and being blatantly lied to (advised that this was the same price, where you can see on the back of the door that it was their cheapest room) we were eventually moved to a double and they put in an extra single bed for our son. This left no room to sit during the day but we had had enough by then. Nop compensation, no apology, nothing....as fopr the room. The noise levels from the corridirs is really excessive, the amenetie are sparse, the tv reception is ad hoc, the bath does not work and you have to stand under the shower for 10 minutes before you are wet. Location is excellent if you want to shop as it is 1 minute away from the deira mall but that is the only positive that I can find about this hotel. We always stay in Novotel estabishments and normally find them excellent but this is a very poorly run hotel and I would personally rate it at a 2*, not the vaunted 5* luxury that it proclaims.	
