Nov 20 2009 	got more than what we expected..highly recommeneded..thank you	great hotel with great location, the arriving did'nt start as pleasant as we would have liked... we arrived 4 hours before check in time and were charged us$100 extra but we did not care once we checked to our two bedroom apatment....every thing was so nice and celan...the two bedroom apartments are massive, as first time in dubai, we didnt book any sieght seeing but the tourist booking centre guys were great. the children absolutely loved the pool on the roof and the bar and wifi was great. all taxi driveres know where the hotel is.... we will be returning to dubai next year and i will not look at any thing else apart from this hotel.... excellent apartments...excellennt pool, excellent staff...very very happy customer.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great hotel with friendly staff	The room was nice and spacious, clean and everything looked near new.We hadn't done much planning but the guys on the activities counter were very knowledgeable, helpful and patient going through all the alternatives for us.Highly recommend.Note - internet usage is charged and not all that cheap. Not what I would expect from a Hotel of this size and class.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great place to stay	Nice and quiet location with very good service and friendly staff. Free transfers to Jumeriah beach with confortable mini bus. Nice pool. Lacking info about public transport.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great hotel at a very good value!	My Grandmother and I stayed at this hotel from October 4th to October 11, 2009. First of all, the service of this hotel is excellent, more like a 5 star hotel. There was a wide range of travelers from Business to senior groups to families with kids. The staffs all around the hotel were very professional yet friendly and approachable to every guest. Grace at the front desk always has a nice smile and Micheal at room service is always energetic with a can-do attitude. I think they were extra attentive to us since my grandmother is 78 and has problem walking. Also due to that problem, we stayed in our hotel room quite often using room service and when we did go out (only about 5 hours each day), we just went to one attraction per day by taxi. Since the hotel has a great location, taxi fare wasn't bad at all. It was only a 15 minutes ride to the airport, 25 to 30 minutes to most attractions. The farthest we went was the Mall of the Emirates which took about 45 minutes by taxi.The room itself is spacious and clean, and it really does look like the pictures on the website. It is very new and modern, more like a 5 star hotel room. We really enjoyed our comfortable beds and pillows (much better than many other big hotel chains). Although we only booked the Classic room, the sitting area was still pretty spacious and comfortable, so we ordered room service quite often (as my grandmother can't go out much). To be honest, the food at this hotel wasn't very good for its price. There are so many restaurants in Dubai (from local small Arabian restaurants to fine dining at other 5 star hotels), where you can get much better food for the same price or less.All in all, it was a great hotel at a very good value. Since this hotel was only a mid-range hotel in Dubai, we didn't know what to expect. But after staying there, I must say that it was actually even better than many other hotels I've been in the upper-range categories.A few tips for saving a few bucks!- there is a local supermarket just outside of the hotel, so you can stock up on drinks and snacks instead of using the drinks inside your hotel room fridge. When you walk outside of the hotel, turn right, and then turn right again into the first street, walk straight for about 20 meters, you'll see a sign of a small grocery store. You can't miss it.-use the hotel's free shuttle bus to Jumeirah Beach Park. It is pretty far from the hotel (about 45 minutes by taxi)-since there are 3 Four Points by Sheraton hotels in Dubai, make sure you tell the taxi driver that it's the one in Downtown Dubai on Mankhool road (around Majestic Hotel). Although most drivers would know which one after you say &quot;in downtown Dubai&quot;, 1 driver did not. So he drove us to another hotel, and then drove us to the right one, so we had to pay more taxi fare. I'm sure he didn't do this on purpose, but it's just good to make sure they know exactly which hotel it is at the very start.-use the free wireless internet in the lobby. You'll see many people in the lobby using their computers any time of the day. If you get it in your room, the daily rate is expensive.	
Oct 23 2009 	Friendly clean and comfortable with a cool pool!	When researching where to stay in Dubai within the mid-price bracket I came across this hotel but was unable to find any information on their website about swimming pool temperature control. I knew it was on the rooftop and not huge but my biggest concern was whether it would be refreshing. I've been to Bali over the new year period and the pools where like a warm bath due to the climate - yuck! Knowing the Dubai temperature was going to be around 40 degrees I wanted to be sure I could cool off in the heat of the day AND I COULD. I'm not sure if they refrigerate the water going through the filtration pump but the pool was the welcome relief I needed. Overall we found this hotel great value. We had a very clean and comfortable room with a great big comfy bed and the staff where very friendly. A particular thanks to Gerard who introduced himself to us as we where sitting around the pool deck waiting to be checked in (we where early). He hurried up the room for us and made a point of seeking us out each day, asking how our stay was going, what we where doing and generally making us feel special.To other TA contributors - thanks so much for the warnings about providing the right Sheraton details to the taxi drivers (there are 4 in Dubai). Whilst we did have some &quot;lost in translation&quot; issues with taxi drivers being unable to find certain restaurants and souks, we always managed to get the driver to understand exactly which 4 Points we where staying at.	
Oct 19 2009 	Faultless service - excellent value	Stayed here in April 2009 (been meaning to write a review for ages). We arrived at the hotel after an overnight flight from the UK, (9am) and were able to check in almost immediately. Our &quot;classic&quot; room on the 2nd floor was very large, had all the features I would expect from the Sheraton brand, and was perfect for a couple. We enjoyed all the facilites at the hotel, including the pool and gym. Staff service is OUTSTANDING!! - probably better than any 5* hotel I've stayed at.The best service came as we left the hotel. We had an overnight flight home, but were permitted to stay in our room till 3pm - then our bags were looked after while we went and enjoyed the remainder of our day. We were also able to continue using the showers and changing rooms on the top floor - this meant we left the hotel clean and ready for a long flight home.Great place to be based for any trip to Dubai	
Oct 15 2009 	Modern good service good price	I have spent three nights there, from October 9th to 11th. We were three friends, sharing one room.- They allowed us to check in at 7:00 AM, instead of 15:00. Very good point after traveling 10 hours...- Parking is free. (You must pay if you want to park in the area surrounding the hotel)- Service is good.- The hotel is modern (from 2007 I think). Well mantained, and clean. Rooms are big enough, with LCD Tv.- Wifi is free in the lobby, but you pay for it in the rooms.- It has a small pool in the roof, but enough to relax a bit after a day in the city.- They have an restaurant (we didn't try it), an &quot;english&quot; pub and a small cafeteria, where we had breakfast every day (it was not included)- There is another hotel of the same chain in Trade Centre area. We were allowed to go to the roof of this hotel to take some pictures (is very tall with amazing views of this area)- It's quite centric, and the metro station is under construction near the hotel.Price for the 3 nights was 425 eurosSo, I absolutely recommend it. Would repeat if I went Dubai again	
Oct 12 2009 	Interesting hotel to stay in	I found the hotel interesting with a mixture of attentive staff let down by a very poor restaurant for breakfast. The rooms were very nice and a good size for both working in and relaxing. The bed was very comfortable and the layout of the remainder of the furniture relaxing. I normally have breakfast in the hotel I am staying in as this overcomes the need to have lunch during a working day. I found that the breakfast in this hotel was not of a high standard and that staff were not serving their customers. Getting coffee was a hit or miss affair as they have no visible coffee service. You have to chase staff up to get it. The range of food was not very good. During my 6 day stay I put up with the breakfast twice which convinced me to go elsewhere. Because of my breakfast experience I never tried to have dinner there. The major annoying feature was the towels provided they were very poor quality sandpaper like with limited drying ability. The management should try them out before inflicting them on their guesses. As for the costs of the internet connections I can but say there are some people trying to get rich quick. It was an outrageously overpriced. I cannot remember where I ever paid this much for a connection. I would considering staying at this hotel again.	
Oct 12 2009	Awesome!! - Very Tolerant!	Our ship arrived in Dubai for an 18 day stop. A few of the crew decided to get a hotel for 5 nights. The price was really good and the hotel wasn't to far away from Port Rashid.The staff we're extremley friendly and managed to check 10 of us in, with hardly any snags. Some of the lads got checked in later when they arrived. There was never a problem gettting taxi's, the only problem was getting the driver to understand where we wanted to go.The room service was excellent. Very fast and always correct. I thought we would have a problem ordering our corona breakfast, but no, at 7ish in the morning. 14 bottles of corona arrived for our breakfast!!! Result.The room was made up while we were out, which was not expected, but rather nice all the same. Overall, a very nice friendly hotel, very tolerant of our drinking. High possiblities of staying at this hotel during our visit to Dubai next year.A++	
Oct 8 2009 	Exceptional World Class Service	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The hotel is exceptional in terms of the customer service. From the moment i walked in, the guest service staff at the reception greeted me in such a way that i felt i have been there guest for many years. I felt a great sense of comfort walking around a beautifully constructed, professional looking hotel. The hotel combines a fresh look with a pinch of modern amenities available to guest such as a conference room, business center, wireless access, and access to shopping areas within few minutes. I highly recommend this hotel and will gladly stay here again the next time i will be in Dubai for business.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very good apart from...	The 2 bedroom suite was fantastic(really a 1 bedroom suite with an adjoining bedroom) there was 3 full bathrooms, 3 plasma screen TVs. Check in was friendly and the staff were very nice through out apart from refusing to cook us some Gluten free pasta for our little boy who has Coeliac disease, this is the first time any where in the world any where has refused to help us.They did lend us a small pan for our room but we really had to push to get this after they initially refused to lend us a pan.Also be aware that the suites do have a kitchen but they have NOTHING in the kitchen but a 2 ring hob, fridge freezer and no plates, cups, cutlery etc.P.S internet is way too expensive.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great stay - Would recommend	I stayed here during a short break in September. I landed early and the the check in staff were very welcoming and accomodating allowing an early check in for no extra charge. The room was clean, quiet, and much larger than expected. The rate I obtained via Expedia was fantastic. The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro station which can get you to most of the main attractions in Dubai. The only disappointment is that the hotel is located in an area where nothing is going on locally with no decent restaurants/entertainment. However, everything is within a short taxi/train ride. I also felt charging for Wi-Fi is a bit cheeky considering most hotels now offer this as part of the room rate, although they do offer Internet access in the lobby area. Overall I felt it was a great value for money stay in an otherwise expensive city and would definately stay again.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great hotel would definitely recommend	This is such a good hotel, the staff were wonderful, always smilling and helping with any enquiry. The rooms are very spacious and beds are the best, very comfy with crisp sheets. We got an upgrade to the preferred room which has an ipod player and is on a higher floor.There' s a free shuttle bus to take you to the Dubai mall.I would say the location wasn't the best as there's no main sights around but taxis are really cheap and it takes about 10 min to get anywhere from the hotel. There are shops, banks and supermarkets close to the hotel. Swimming pool is on the roof top, nice size but can get quie busy although we always managed to find sunbeds. I would definitely recommend to anyone as this is a good value hotel with an excellent service.	
Oct 1 2009 	Very friendly and made welcome	I stayed there for 4 nigths. Room and Bed was huge and very confortable.Minibar and Breakfast to expensive ... so you have a Indian Supermarket 6 minutes walk away. Dinner Buffet is good and cost 95 Dirhams.All Staff and especially Concierges very friendly and helpfull. I hired a large car for 2 days (Dollar Rent-a -car) which was listed at over 600 Dirhams perday...but got it for 350 perday. The car was dirty and full of scratches (over30)but i needed to drive to Abu Dhabi Airport to pick up some friends. Even at that price ..i found it overpriced..for what it was.Of course this has nothing to do with the Hotel where everything was just fine.	
Sep 30 2009 	Interesting observations	I went to Dubai for 4 days Sep 24-Sep 28, everyone kept saying thats too short and too long a flight to travel , coming from NY, but am glad i spent on 4 days, you can pretty much do everything dubai has to offer in that amount of timeAnyway the Four point sheraton downtown, is a decent hotel, they say its 4 stars, i would give it a 3.5. Service is good, people are attentive and friendly, which helps when in a foreign coutryHowever, what turned me off is that the nite before i was leaving dubai, i went to the Front desk to go over my bill and sort it out and gave the my credit card, for some reason, it didnt work, later found out my credit company Bank Of America thought, fraud was being committed and stopped the transaction.So i asked the hotel to call the merchant for me and they said they have no international access that i should call myself, i was horrified and shocked, how can a hotel which claims to cater to people from all over the world not have access to calling merchants. Even Macy's dept store would call. I was finally able to sort my bill out by using a friends credit cardbut that got me thinking, what if no one was there to help? or i had no money, then what would i have done, they offered no option for me, for this i am disapointed in the hotel and probably wouldnt recommend it for that, really really big turn off for meNote to hotel figure out a better way to help customers when they are stranded	
Sep 30 2009 	Pleasant hotel friendly staff quiet but central location	We visited Dubai for three nights over Ramadan and the Eid holiday. We had two double rooms on a non-smoking floor. Pros: The rooms were very well equipped and were very clean. The beds were comfortable and the room service was prompt. Staff were very helpful. The rooftop pool was pleasant, with deck chairs, a toddlers' pool and a bar. I'm not sure that you would choose this hotel if you were coming to Dubai to lie in the sun, though - there are plenty of resort-style hotels that would be a better choice. This was a good choice for a tourist or business stopover, however, as it was centrally located but relatively quiet. Cons: not in an area where you can leave the hotel and stroll to nearby restaurants. If you like that sort of thing, try the beach walk hotels (i.e. hilton). You will also need a taxi (cheap, however) or car if you want to get to malls and tourist sites.	
Sep 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel-Travel agent and Dubai Expert	I have stayed in quite a lot of different hotels in Dubai, on business as a travel agent and as a holiday maker, who travels there every year. I have a teenage daughter and a toddler and they both love Sheraton Four Points Downtown, it is in a Great Location, not far from the airport and close to lots of fantastic restaurants and the malls, you can take a taxi from the hotel to these restaurants for approx £2-3.00 each way. The rooms are lovely, this was our second year staying and the rooms didn't seem to have aged, the pool is lovely and clean, but the Best thing about the hotel are the Staff, nothing is too much trouble and they are Fabulous, I have already booked again for next year!!!	
Sep 20 2009 	4 star Hotel and that is exactly what it is	We stayed here a couple of times for the weekend. On both occasions check in was fast and without any trouble, and each time our bags were taken from our car and delivered to our room. Both rooms we stayed in have faced the ocean but unfortunately the view has not been good as it was very dusty each time. Not sure how noisy the rooms would be facing Sheilk Zayed Road, although the windows are double-glazed. We stayed in Preferred Room which was nice as it is a corner room with sea views, and also a Business Suite which is 2 separate rooms, one containing a lounge suite etc, and the other a king-size bed.On return one day we found our room was not made up (4pm) but after a phone call to reception it was attended to immediately.Breakfast is a typical buffet with a good selection for all tastes and omlettes and eggs are available for special order. The breakfast room can become crowded so if you want to eat in a quieter setting, best to go early.We have eaten in the Moroccon resturant twice and the food has been very good and the service attentive without being fussy.Overall the Hotel lives up to its reputation and is in a good location with a reasonable price for Dubai, it is modern and new and the staff we have found to be very helpful. We would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very nice Hotel very advisable	I really can advise this hotel for your stay in Dubai. The rooms are great, enough space for 2 people (also still enough place, if you travel with one child). Staff is very friendly and always helpful. The restaurant is ok, and the yesterday's bar is great. There is a swimmingpool with a bar on the roof, that's very nice to relax. The fitnesscenter is also very nice. You can find everything you need there.	
Sep 14 2009 	New and very Dubai!	We stopped at the Sheraton for just one night on our arrival into Dubai. Got a good deal via Airmiles and as we arriving late in the evening just wanted somewhere to sleep which wasn't too far from the airport. This place did not disappoint! Looked to be new builing, very friendly reception staff, our room was MASSIVE, including a lounge area! I'm sure we'd only selected a standard room, but it definitely was something more! Breakfast was included in the rate, very good, lots of choice. We would definitely stay here again and for longer, looked to be a good location in Bur Dubai and not too far from Sheikh Zayed Rd.	
Aug 27 2009 	Accommodating Staff and lovely hotel	I would like to say that we had a lovely stay at this hotel. As we booked under 2 different names we found that our rooms were not together however the genetleman Indika (I made a point of getting his name) at reception was more than happy to search for rooms so that were together. He was even kind enough to show us the rooms before we committed to which level we wanted to stay in. Eventaully we got 2 interconnecting rooms - 1 with 2 twin beds and 1 with a massive king bed. I am sure we booked a classic room but we ended up in a preferred room which had the extras like gown , complimentary water and Ipod dock. The rooms were spacious and well layed out and the bathroom was clean and did not smell. The room service was good and the concierge staff were very informative and hailed taxi's for us. The roof top pool was very nice however the sunbeds would get taken up quickly so best to get there eary and not like us after 1pm. The only thing is that there isn't much of a view from the hotel window but the hotel is conviently located. About 5 mins in taxi to Meena Bazaar and and about 30 mins in taxi to Wild Wadi. All in all it was a lovely experience and would recommend definately to stay in this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	A decent stay	The hotel exterior didn't quite look like a hotel - more like a service apartment set up. Rooms are comfortable &amp; clean. We got a room on the starwood floor but it was without a view. Friendly &amp; attentive staff at reception, housekeeping &amp; room service. Don't like the taxi services, hotel staff seems to always push for the private taxis which charge more &amp; no meter. We practically have to take taxi to just about everywhere. Breakfast is decent but does not have an egg station so it's scrambled eggs everyday!! Gym room is good. Equipment is in decent condition. Swimming pool is a small kidney shaped pool.	
Aug 11 2009 	its perfect if Dubai is not part of your main Holidays	If Dubai is your main destination, try to find a more luxurious Hotel. Four points Sheraton is really a very nice Hotel to spent your days if you return for example from Maldives (as i did) and you want a place just for the night (until the shopping is done!).-Everything was between average and good	
Aug 2 2009 	Hidden gem	I liked this hotel.It’s new (opened 2007), so it’s very nice &amp; clean.The location is good in Bur Dubai Mankhool road, very close to the financial center and Dubai mall (the biggest mall in the world)You would find everything you need in the room, like tea &amp; coffee maker and iron, there is also good selection of movies in the TV (for a fees of course)The only disadvantage is that the internet is expensive (96 AED per day).	
Aug 1 2009 	Horrible Service and breakfast Internet overpriced and very slow	I stayed in mid june for 5 days at this hotel. firstly the bathrooms very filthy and had pee on the seats,  The hotel is in a construction zone and the view of my room was overlooking a new built commercial building which construction workers were on and spying at the hotel rooms to get a glimpse of someone nake..... very very odd and when brought up to managment nothing was done about it. the breakfast were meger and the fresh fruits were really canned and had no colour . the pineapples were of a very light colour which you can only get from cans . internet was free only in the lobby and had very slow speed. internet in the room was 55 dhs for 15 mins.... and it was around 100Kb/s speed which is only marginaly faster than dial up. check in took until 4:00 Pm from what it was supposd to be which was 12:00 Pm.At check out they &quot;forgot&quot; to give me back my 1000 Dhs deposit which was a ridiculous ammount seeing how I only paid 100/ CAD per night...not a good hotel for the price, I would say 2.5 to 3 stars at best.will not visit again.	
Jul 17 2009 	I thoroughly recommend the Sheraton Downtown for excellent value	We stayed at the Four Points Sheraton Downtown for six nights in early July.We booked direct through the hotel’s website. When we arrived we were given a complimentary upgrade (coincidence?)The room was large, modern and very clean (see my pics), including large flat-screen tv, safe, etc., and had a very comfortable king-size bed. Our upgraded room had a low table, settee and armchair, and a separate table and chairs. There is a very nice pool on the roof which was always kept very clean and is great to work on the tan or just to laze around. There were only about two dozen loungers when we were there which was adequate; it may not be so during the busier months. There is also a gym (apparently). There is a free bus to the public beach several times each day except Mondays (ladies’ day). I recommend at least one visit to the beautifully kept public beach. Staff throughout the hotel were excellent - always very friendly and welcoming. Particular praise should go to the guy who cleaned our room spotlessly every day. In my opinion, having tried both options, you’re either in a beach hotel in Dubai or you’re not. If you are then you’ll be paying £160++ a night for the delightful privilege; we paid £32 a night at the Sheraton - the bargain of the year. A ten minute walk from the hotel will get you to the Bur Juman mall; a twenty minute walk is needed to get to the Creek (not recommended); otherwise you’ll be getting a taxi. This isn’t a problem as taxis are cheap and plentiful. A taxi to the airport is about £4, about the same to the new Dubai Mall or Festival City. (Always ask the driver for Four Points, Sheraton, Downtown, Mankhool Road when returning to the hotel, as there are four Sheraton properties in the city.)Don’t miss going to the Dubai Mall. It contains 1200 shops and absolutely no expense has been spared on its construction. Go to the lower ground floor and out to watch the fountains (It’s better than Bellagio’s in Vegas). For the best view cross over the bridge and stand in front of the Baker and Spice restaurant (or better still eat dinner there on their terrace – the best meal we had during our visit). While at the mall don’t miss seeing the aquarium – and the new Waitrose!If you can afford a beach hotel in Dubai then I recommend you always stay there. If not then I thoroughly recommend the Sheraton Downtown for excellent value. I would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent	We had a great time at the Four Points by Sheraton Downtown, we were upgraded to a Starwood Prefered Guest Room free of charge as they did not have the room we had booked. The room was excellent. Location about 10 mins from the airport. The Concierges were very knowledgeable and helpful, they organised 2 trips we wanted to go on at short notice without a problem. I would recomend this hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Hotel	This is a really great hotel, staff very helpfull, food superb and rooms more than comfortable. no building noise!!!!	
Jun 25 2009 	Good hotel for a good price!	We were in Dubai from the 18th of May for 4 nights. The people at the reception and the small cafe downstairs are very kind. The rooms were clean and spacious. The bed was very comfortable. Also the bar was a good place to hang out, since they only serve alcohol at the bars of the hotels.	
Jun 24 2009 	I want to go back!!!	We loved this hotel! From the friendly cleaning staff to the manager - they were all brilliant!We arrived at 6am and had to wait until after 12 to get our room as we wanted a junior suite - no smoking. As there was still no room available, they gave us an upgrade. Oh wow! We just loved our room(s) so much!Could have stayed there for a few weeks no problem.The swimming pool was so nice and clean and a good depth for not-so-good swimmers like us!The concierge gave us so much help - answering all our questions.There is a shop around the corner (turn right as you leave the hotel) with a good range of groceries - all very cheap for us.We intend to return to Dubai in October, but this hotel is so much more expensive to book then and we'll maybe have to find a cheaper alternative.	
Jun 21 2009 	EXCELENT HOTEL - WILL BE BACK AGAIN	I have visited Dubai every year for the last 9 years and I have the say the Four Points has been by far the best hotel I have had the pleasure of staying in. The Hotel was to a very high standard, very clean, very comfortable and the staff where extremely friendly and helpful. The concierge staff where fantastic, always available to assist and very pleasant, the rooms where very comfortable and very well decorated and maintained. The facilities where great, fantastic rooftop swimming pool which my 3yr old daughter loved and the food served in the restaurant was lovely. The hotel also offer a free shuttle bus to Jumeriah beach park which is a great reliable service. The hotel is very conveniatly located for everything you could possibley need, shopping malls with in warking distance, meena bazar and karama complex 5 min taxi ride, local supermarket and taxi’s always readily available outside of the hotel. All in all myself and my family had an extremely enjoyable stay. We will most definatley be returning back to the Four Points Sheraton next year.The only one downfall i could give this hotel is that the breakfast is rather expensive for what it is, currently working out to be approx 14GBP per person per day. Apart from that.... FANTASTIC HOTEL	
Jun 12 2009 	Could not fault the hotel for friendliness location cleanliness facilities or price	We arrived at the hotel just after 8.00am on 4th June for a 3.00pm check in! The very pleasant receptionist explained that our room was not yet ready but if we cared to sit in the lounge or even avail ourselves of the rooftop pool or fitness centre she would contact us as soon as it was available. Just over an hour later a porter approached us to advise our room was ready – an excellent start to our 5 night stay. The modern room (620) was very spacious and spotlessly clean - it was equipped with a very comfortable king-sized bed, flat screen TV, minibar, internet connection capability, bedside clock radio etc and benefited from an efficient air con system and a good sized well serviced en-suite. A complimentary bottle of water was provided each day. There is free WiFi in the lobby and a business centre behind reception.The rooftop Swimming pool is an excellent facility – with bar serving drinks (soft and alcoholic) and food. We were always able to get a sun bed and to make use of the pool.Our rate included the excellent buffet breakfast and on three occasions we took the evening “eat as much as you like” buffet that included “drink as much as you like” alcoholic drinks. Good value and superb quality and variety.Adjacent to reception there is a pub “Yesterdays” serving a reasonably priced (for a Dubai hotel) good selection of food and drinks.The hotel is conveniently located for Old Dubai – a 10 minute walk to Burjuman Mall and 15 minutes walk to the Creek area. For travelling further a field there is always a taxi outside and a bus stop about 50 yards away (get the 10 journey ticket for 18AED). The hotel runs a shuttle to and from the beach three times a day. All staff were courteous and very professional, nothing was too much trouble.We could not fault the hotel for friendliness, location, cleanliness, facilities or price. We would not hesitate to return to the Four Points Downtown Dubai.	
Jun 7 2009 	good facilities	a well equiped centraly located hotel. easy to get around, everything at a distance of 2 to 5 km away.overall, a comfortable smooth stay.	
Jun 5 2009 	excellent hotel with friendly staff	Stayed here for 2 nights and found our room to be very clean with all mod cons. 3 lifts were available and no time to wait for them. On arrival we were allocated a room right away even though it was 6.00am. Received complimentary card with a selection of beverage/food to be used in restaurant. Complimentary bottle of water each day in room. Bathroom had nice big bath, very good shower, toilet, washhand basin and bidet. Towels were changed on a regular basis. Air conditioning was very quiet so able to leave on overnight. Swimming pool on top of hotel had a controlled heated pool, but was always busy during our stay. All staff within the hotel were very courteous and very professional in their duties. Nearest shopping centre was Burjuman and was within walking distance.	
Jun 3 2009 	A truly five star experience	Only stayed one night (6th May) on this occasion, leaving for Bangkok the following morning, and can only reiterate the reviews that have gone before, in that this is a luxury hotel in every aspect.Have stayed in other Sheraton's, Heathrow for one ,so knew the standard to expect, and can say that Four Points met all expectations.Was fortunate to be upgraded to a junior suite, which was the epitome of elegance, just unfortunate that I was only there for one night.Am back through Dubai in November so will be staying at Four Points , at both the beginning and end of my trip to S.E. Asia this time.Have stayed at various other hotels in Dubai, none of which came anywhere near the standard of this hotel.This is the hotel I will stay at in future on my 2-3 trips through the region each year.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Value for short stay	We stayed one night at this hotel before departing on a cruise. Very handy for Port 15 mins. Quite a way to the Palms 35 mins. Excellent clean and large rooms . we paid approx £70 GB for a room. Drinks very expensive but they all are in Dubai. Highly recommended for short stay say 3 days.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic staff conveient location spotlessly clean strongly recommend.	Stayed at the Four Points Sheraton Downtown for a week as was in Dubai for Business. Could not fault the hotel for the friendliness, location and cleanliness.You do need to take taxi's everywhere but they are so cheap that it is not a problem. The hotel also runs a bus to the Beach everyday.Breakfast was good but expensive however food in Dubai seems expensive. Had the buffet one evening and that was also good and reasonable but one of our party had the al la carte with wine and that topped the bill up to a huge amount so beware.The staff could not do enough for us.Huge added benefit if you are using the place for business is that there is a pool on the roof - ideal for first thing in the morning or after a long day working.All in all a very good experience and would not hesitate to go back.	
May 25 2009 	Fantastic excellent service and impressed	We would like to thank Four Points Sheraton for giving us such a great experience regarding our stay in Dubai. We were so impressed with this hotel that we have deiced that next time we come back to Dubai we definitely stay here. We arrived early Tuesday morning 19 May and our rooms were not ready but they made sure that we where comfortable and in an hour rooms were ready. The rooms are modern and very comfortable and also big. They were so clean and I had requested nice views I got just that. The reception, concierge who were wonderful and housekeeping staff just blew us away with there politeness and kindness.Thank you again for the great experience and please keep it up.	
May 19 2009 	Just perfect	I stayed in this hotel for an stopover in Dubai and all I was looking for was a clean, peaceful and safe place to stay with my 5 year old and got so much more out of my stay. The hotel was fabulously clean. Looked absolutely new and the staff were exteremely polite and helpful. Upon our arrival, helpers were ready by the door to help us with our luggage, and stayed with us till we got into our room and placed our stuff. Manager on duty (I believe his name was Sanjeer, if I'm spelling it correctly) upgraded our room to a suite as a courtesy to a first time guest and checked with us later on to ensure we are comfortable with our stay. They has one staff member to provide you with directions and help for the sightseeing and taxi cabs are always lined up at the front door. Our suite was spotless and bedding were just perfect. Marble flooring and granite counters were beyond my expectations. flat screen TV made my stay a lot more entertaining.I also loved the all window walls across the suite. I really wished I could stay for 2 weeks rather than one night.The only thing missing was kids programming on TV. It could help my 5 year old to pass through the hours. Location was great, about 20 min from the airport and 5 min from a nice shopping mall. Loved everything about this hotel.	
May 15 2009	Wonderful Hotel	Our stay at the Four Points Sheraton Downtown Dubai was wonderful. The rooms were clean, housekeeping did a wonderful job. The rooftop pool was wonderful, although a bit noisy, as the air conditioning is also located on the roof. But after awhile you don't even hear it anymore. The location is great if you are sightseeing, as everything is a short cab ride away. There is a shuttle to the beach 3 times a day, which is also very useful.We didn't try the food there, but it looked excellent.The lobby smells a bit weird - but of course, you are only there for a couple of minutes...	
May 14 2009 	the best Four Points in Dubai	There are 3 Four Points in Dubai and this is the best in terms of quality of the rooms. If you have meetings near the town, this is a hotel that you should consider staying.	
May 10 2009 	Good place to stay if you like old Dubai	We arrrived at the hotel at 5 am and we were supposed to wait for the check-in, which was at 3 pm. But they have offered us a room at 6.45 am (they couldn't do it before 6.45, because we would have had to pay an additionnal night). Moreover, despise we had 2 beds instead of a king size bed (but they ask us if we were ok or not), we were upgraded in a preferred starwood guest room.But we had a problem with the light in our room and had to wait 3 days before someone looked really after it. They didn't believe us before. They said it was because we didn't put the card correctly. We had to argue a lot before they finally believed us! And we had also to wait 2-3 days before having some glasses in the room (we used them once and were never brought back).The pool and the fitness are opened until 10 pm. It's very clean and nice.The location is great if you like the old Dubai. It's more popular, with little local shops and very cheap restaurants. There is everything you may need around the hotel. The souks are not far away (you can go by walk and then take a boat which costs only 1 Dir per person). A free shuttle brings you 3 times a day to Jumeirah Beach park (a nice beach but pay attention to tha fact that on Monday, it's for women and children only). With this shuttle, you can also go down at the Sheraton in the City Center (from there, another free shuttle can bring you to Dubai Mall). There are always taxis in front of the hotel. And there is also a bus stop. But ask local people before taking a bus!!!It's so difficult to find the right bus stop or even the right bus. Some of them are not written on the schedule (when there is a schedule) and don't try to locate yourself with the map in the waiting area...We got lost thousand times because of it! It's not up-to-date.	
May 8 2009 	Dont Expect Sheraton	Thought Sheraton and booked for the visit to Dubai. Requested for an Extra Bed but no arrangemetns were made. No Explanation was given adn finally after an hour and a couple of remainders got the extra bed.Front Staff Service was useless. Restuarnts were OK. Visitng Dubai Forget Fourpoints.	
May 6 2009 	A Sparkling Clean Hotel	I thought the Four Points by Sheraton Downtown Dubai was great. The hotel just gleamed it was so clean and nice. The room was spacious and they had a nice restaurant and coffee shop. The hotel seems to be well managed and the staff all seemed happy and friendly. As I was travelling on my own this trip I was pleased to see at Dubai airport that they have a ladies only taxi service. This meant that I had a lady taxi driver that drove me to the hotel, and I thought this was a great service as I know there have been alot of problems there in the past for single female travellers.	
May 4 2009 	A really great stay!	I had a wonderful 3-night stay at the &quot;Four Points Downtown&quot; with my husband, last March! This hotel looks fairly new and is extremely clean and well kept - both the rooms and the lobby, restaurant, etc... We had breakfast everyday and found all the food simply delicious. The only minor &quot;problem&quot; is the location, but taxis are readily available and inexpensive. The staff were all lovely!	
May 3 2009 	Quite 	Smallish but very warm and practical hotel in the heart of dubai.Very few eating options within the hotel but good breakfast spread and a small bar, but step out of the hotel and you're right in the middle of dubai nightlife!Rooms are large and very comfortable . Excellent furnishing &amp; fits.Though i believe they could have spent a bit on the electrical fittings.Excellent look and feel, great for business meetings and enough parking and being off the main street helps, though in the middle of the city.Fantastic value!	
Apr 24 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Service 	We have just returned from a 4 day stay in Dubai on our way home from Cairo.I had booked the hotel online as was worried I might have made a bad choise. I was so pleased I definitely made the right choice. What a great hotel. It was so clean, (Chrome &amp; Mirrors in the lifts were sparkling), the service was efficient and staff were friendly, very helpful and always smiling. The breakfast selection was excellent. The room we had was very spacious and clean. Bathroom was also a good size, however we had to remove the bath plug cover to allow the water to drain whilst showering as using the lever didnt lift it high enough to let the water drain properly. Good quiet air conditioning system and a nice big TV which is great to watch when you come back to your room to relax after being out all day. The rooftop swimming pool is not as big as I imagined from the pictures online but is more than adequate for a quick cool off dip. We found this hotels location quite good, especially if you dont mind walking. It isnt in the middle of the busy district but is in easy distance of shops and eateries. There is a free shuttle bus available but we didnt get to use it during our stay. Unfortunately no one told us about the internet being available for free in the lobby until I say people using their laptops and asked at reception, which is when they told me. It would have been nice to have this information in the room. We booked the Big Bus Tour through the Tour Desk at the hotel and were very happy with the tour, however both the River Cruise on the Dhow and the Sand Dune Safari which we organised through the concierge were not as good or well organised. We did ask them to book the Sand Dune Safari advertised on one of the brochures we got at the hotel but found out when picked up it was not the same tour group. And when checking out other peoples photos of their Sand Dune Safari tours we felt that the tour we had been booked on was not as professional as the others, although a good time was had by all.Dont miss out on the Sky Dubai. We went by taxi to the Emirates Mall and went to the Sky Dubai and spent a couple of hours there. We had a blast!	
Apr 23 2009 	Great hotel	This hotel is a gem. It was impeccable. It really deserves the high ratings that it got.We were in Dubai to get a feel of the city and the country in order to see if this was a place we could relocate to. This hotel was at a great location for drips to everywhere. This hotel is very clean and the staff were very friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel. One really great feature was the car rental service that the hotel has with Dollar Car rental. The prices were onsite than their price list. 1100 AED for a 2008 Camry for a week. I really recommend renting a car to explore the city and the other emirates.	
Apr 22 2009 	Idea Location	This hotel is in a very good area and it really is very clean. I thought that the hotel restuarant prices were to high. There is plenty to do in this area if you dont mind walking that is. Please try the Lentil Soup at the Grand Restaurant is really is that good. You can go pass all of the Golden Sands Apartments and you with find a Spinney's grocery store which even includes a bookstore,gift shop and a McDonald and if you're walk a little further down, you'll find Burjuman Shopping Center. Don't buy anything from this shopping mall the prices are outrageous and if you're an American you know there is always Macys. I did like the fact that at the hotel you are able to book tours ,The dhow cruise, the Dubai Big Bus,and Safari tour. These are nice additionals to this hotel. The only problem that I had ,is as I walk men kept stopping and asking me to get in the car with them. Please just ignore this,prostitution is big in Dubai and if you ignore the passerby they do realize that you're not a prostitute. Most people spoke really good English and it was really easy to get around. I loved the Deira Main Souk better than the Gold Souk. Try both while you there and this is one of the things that I truly love about Dubai and I did do the Dubai Big Bus Tour. This Bus will take you around to see Dubai, but by the time I reached the 6th shopping center ,I was wandering if Dubai had anything else to offer besides shopping centers. The prices are extremely high for Ralph Lauren,DKNY, and Guess. I live in Houston so I know that we have the San Marcos Outlet and Cypress Outlet which have the same items for at least 60% off.. I did ask the hotel not place a hold on my credit card; however this seemed to have no effect, because I just check my credit card and an additional hold was place the card. I would be upset however 98% of hotels do place hold unles you use Expedia or Orbitz.com. I would specify which Four Points Sheration since there seem to be numerous . Every time I got in a Taxi, I stressed the one on Mankhool Street. Overall, I love my stay at this hotel. I love that I was minutes from two shopping by walking one was name AL Karama and the other one is at the front of the hotel. I'm sorry I forgot the name of it. You find plenty of fast food restaurants such as KFC,Burger King, and McDonalds. The only thing I was not able to get was a traditional Arabic meal and I love Arabic food.	
Apr 21 2009 	The world in a day	As part of a week in the Emirates, we stayed here for four nights April 8th - 12th.Upon our arrival around midnight, the foyer looked immaculate - it still looked immaculate all through our stay. The entire building was up to the same standard also, the only minor point to note regards to housekeeping was the rooftop pool area, every time we went there the tables etc, were covered in the remnants of previous visitors' lunches, drinks bottles, snacks etc. Sometimes this could be there for an hour or more!The pool itself was clean and very enticing after a long day in the city.The room was beyond expectations with small touches such as an iron provided;very useful at times. The bed was very large and very comfortable - recommended. The bathroom was more than sufficent for our needs and spotless at all times.Location wise, the hotel was perfect for our requirements. The area around Mankhool Road is quite cosmopolitan (to a Yorkshireman at least!). We walked to the Dubai museum on our first day there and from this first foray towards the Creek discovered that we were in the &quot;more interesting&quot; part of town!This was confirmed on our return to the hotel after dark........many non-arabic looking ladies wearing very short clothes were all around leaning across cars and so on.They were never a problem to us - just be aware if you have to explain to younger children what the ladies are doing!We were able to eat a wide range of Asian and Middle Eastern cuisine in the area for prices less than at home. This was a great surprise after seeing the advertised prices at Four Points, £18 each for breakfast and minimum £30 or so for dinner!One evening we drove to see the Burj Al Arab and we stopped in Al Satwa for a bite to eat. We always look to see where the locals eat as this is generally a sign that the food is both reasonably priced but more importantly - likely to be of good quality. We ended up at a local restaurant with some pavement tables, bang in the middle of the town - the complete meal for three including pints of squeezed juices was £15. Amazing value compared to the hotels.The Burj Al Arab is certainly worth a look, just bear in mind that the traffic moves pretty quick - it does test your reflexes, we also drove further down the coast to the Palm, the drive to the end is four miles straight out to sea!The Four Points by Sheraton hotel is ideally placed for touring around Dubai if you have a vehicle, being just on the south side of town.In conclusion we could not have wished for more from a city hotel.	
Apr 10 2009	Everything you want and need in a hotel	I stayed here for one week in March this year and definitely made the right choice. The staff were very helpful and friendly, the breakfast selection was excellent and the rooms were spacious and clean. Good air conditioning system, nice big TV if you want to relax at some point during the day. There is the rooftop swimming pool and deck where you can chill out and soak up the sun and found the gym had great selection of machines along with sauna so very happy i could do my daily workout here without incurring any extra charges. If you want to sunbathe all day around beautiful surroundings and see the 'new' Dubai i.e. big new hotels and clubs then stay on Jumeriah Beach road but expect to pay an extortionate amount. I heard many people complain about the service from staff, having to pay £5 for a bottle of water (Four Points give you a complimentary bottle every day in your room!) in the expensive hotels along with many other things. If you are going to see the real Dubai and the sites then this is really a perfect place to stay at such a great price. Four Points offers free shuttle bus every day to the beach which is handy, even if you just want to get to Jumeriah Beach Road, use the shuttle and then get a taxi from there to see the newly built hotels.Also able to access free internet in the lobby.	
Apr 5 2009 	We would happily have stayed much longer	Our 5th floor room was large, spacious, bright and very comfortably furnished. The beds were particularly comfortable. Air conditioning was efficient and almost silent. Everything in the room was sparkling clean. Tea/coffee-making facilities were provided.The fair-sized bathroom sparkled too, and had bath, WC, excellent shower, washbasin and bidet and a good selection of toiletries. However, bath towels were rather small and somewhat thin. But for this, my personal rating for this hotel may well have been &quot;excellent plus&quot;. On the ground floor were a coffee shop and a restaurant offering a full a la carte menu as well as buffet, all at sensible prices. We sampled both places and were well satisfied.Reception staff were welcoming, pleasant and efficient, as were the staff in the coffee shop and in the restaurant.Sadly our stay was all too short. We flew into Dubai early afternoon and flew out again next morning but this hotel will certainly be our first choice on any future visit.	
Apr 2 2009 	Excellent hotel!	We stayed at Four Points by Sheraton between 19th and 21st March. We had an early flight and arrived around 9am. Our room was ready and what a great room it was! We expected a value accommodation and were surprised by the size of the room, standard of house keeping and professional attitude of all employees. We chose this hotel as we wanted to be close to both Old Town and Jumeira - this was a good bet as each taxi ride was no longer than 20 mins (10 mins on average). We will use this hotel from now on for all our stop overs in Dubai. Keep up the good work!	
Mar 29 2009 	excellent	i stayed here on the 25th March for two nights. i arrived on an extremely early flight which meant that i was at the hotel by 8am on the 25th. On taking a taxi from Dubai airport the taxi driver took me to the wrong four points sheraton but the very helpful staff placed us in a taxi to the correct hotel around the corner.the hotel is located around a building site, although in Dubai i think this is extremely common. the main entrance is welcoming and looks lovely and the porters and reception staff were all very helpful and at that time in the morning very cheery. owing to my early arrival I asked whether they would let us use the pool and hold our bags until we could check in but thankfully they allowed us to check in at 8am which was fantastic. The hotel looks relatively new and the room itself is one of the largest i have ever stayed in. the bathroom was large with complementary toiletries and the bedroom itself came with a sitting area and a dining table. The room had been finished to a high standard and the beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel was a little on the noisy side but this was during the day when we arrived and as i said before it is because there is a lot of construction taking place. On an evening the noise was not an issue.The pool and gym are located on the top floor, both are well maintained and the staff are very helpful. They also provide complimentary towels. The hotel has its own restuarant and bar which looked nice but i did not eat in them. There is a lovely restuarant round the corner to the hotel which offered chinese and indian food at very reasonable prices. There isn't too much located directly around the hotel but taxi's are very reasonably priced to get you anywhere in the City. We took the open top bus tour around Dubai which was excellent value for money and gave us a whistlestop tour of the City.i departed from the hotel at 4am and again the service was excellent with in particular the porters being very helpful and cheery, arranging a taxi back to the airport for us.overall a very good hotel that i would highly recommend.	
Mar 25 2009 	Affordable gem	The Sheraton is a relatively new hotel, which is evident in the condition of the rooms and common facilities. Though not in the center of things, the hotel is still well-located, and taxis are quite cheap in Dubai. The staff is kind and helpful, and the rooms are spacious an comfortable. It's certainly a great alternative for those not on an expense account.For more about our trip: [--]	
Mar 9 2009 	Fantastic	Only had a one night stopover in Dubai and plumped for this reaonably priced hotel(for Dubai).The staff were extremley helpful and the room and hotel in general were immaculate. The room was very spacious and furnished to a high standard.I didn't have the opportunity to sample all the hotels facilities but what i did could not be faulted. First Class!!	
Mar 8 2009 	Good Business Hotel	Good stay for 5 nights. Early arrival (8am) so couldn't get to rooms until 11am. Staff directed us up to the poolside to wait which was fine. Excellent high spec clean rooms with a fair standard of service. Restaurant food is average and menu is limited if you are there for several nights. Breakfast is average also. The bar is very small and very smokey, but this is due to the local alcohol and smoking laws. Pool is good and gym is excellent. Not within walking distance of much but taxis are very cheap and plentiful. My colleagues and I all noticed a permanently strange smell in the reception area, but you got used to it. Overall, I would happily recommend this hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	An Oasis...	Had the privilege of staying at this fine establishment for 6 days... great value for the money. Extremely helpful staff upon check-in and always willing to lend a hand with directions and taxi's. Centrally located for the tourist and just a short taxi ride to many attractions. Beautiful modern and functional rooms with nice decor and very comfortable beds. The internet in the rooms was a bit pricey but the free wireless in the lobby more than made up for it. The roof pool was a fantastic place to relax and let the tension drain away. All in all a great value and a hidden gem. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 28 2009 	excellent management	Very happy with the service we received at this Hotel. We had found out at the last minute that we would need to spend a further day/night in Dubai than the one night we had planned to stay at this hotel, and in my haste booking an additional night on the Starwood website (in the W hotel NYC lobby bar 1/2 an hour before heading to the airport!) I booked the wrong date! (I had got confused as our flight out was 1am in the morning..) so anyway I had booked a non refundable type deal - and when arriving in Dubai (after being seriously delayed - at 2.30 in the morning!) I explained my mistake and the girl behind the counter said ...sorry cant help you then!! Well - I got quite upset and explained we had been staying in Starwood hotels for most of our trip and we were SPG.. and that really it shouldn't make any difference as the rooms are cheaper on the weekends anyhow! well at this point the manager came over and said absolutely no problem, gave us an upgrade to a suite and a complimentary snack voucher! Ahh so nice to see that some people understand hospitality and service! especially to weary travelers! The 2 nights spent there were good - quiet rooms, quiet A/C comfy beds and comfy socks etc! Liked the area (although wouldn't suit everyone - it is the 'old area' which I like...) was close to the airport and had a great authentic Indian meal about 10 mins down the rd ..Would stay here again definitely..And to the management, if you read this - WELL DONE! You are a credit to your organization!	
Feb 23 2009 	Good location - for us	We wanted to stay near the city rather than the beach so the location was great for that. The price was also about half of the Hotels near the beach.To go to the Malls and the beach cost between 20 - 45 Dirhams - about £4 - £9. There's one or two hotels and places to eat within walking distance of the hotelThe bar area's quite small (and you appear to be able to smoke in all of the bars) but quite nice and relaxed.Had a large room on the 5th floor - the roof pool looked nice but we didn't use it.If you go to the Dubai Mall, there's a souk attached with the Meat Company - great food (best cheeseburger in the world?) and we sat outside with a fantastic view of the Burj Dubai - 700 metres and rising.	
Feb 6 2009	Very good and fantastic people looking after us during our 6 day stay	We arrived late at night but it did not stop them from providing us with a such a warm welcome.The service was very good and the stay was excellent.Room keeping was excellent and on time.the room was a tip when we left it in the morning/afternoon and as if by magic it was like new when we returned. with all our clothes folded and in lovely neat bundlesBreakfast was good. though the night life meant we only got up in time for it twice. but break fast was still available whenever required. We hired a car and the hotel has a very efficiant valet service that is free for all hotel guests. in this town you definalty need it.the hotel is very near to mina market which means for all of you who love to bargain will enjoy the bussle of the market and local shopping.pleanty of places to eat around and near the hotel. including a very good pizza place and starbucks.Internet is free in the foyer only. There are clubs near by but i would suggest go to the more established places like buddabar, peppermint club and club 360. But each to is their own tastes.	
Feb 4 2009 	Hopeless	It all looked so good on Trip Advisor, but the reality was very different. Admittedly, I was here on business, but the subtle clues that this place is in the middle of nowhere need to be exposed. It is not good for the business venues that are spreading ever Southward from the old heart and this hotel is living on the fact that it was near to the action - 10 years ago! It's clinically clean and pleasing - like a private hospital - but no charm and no customer service.And this is Dubai!If you come here, spend a few quid more for the tall towers, the beach, the palm, the anything - other than a banal middle-of-nowhere - couldn't-care-less, but 'central-Dubai' priced hotel.If you want to be near the business - and I suspect - the pleasure action, look further towards the Jumeirah Palm.Nice rooms, but you've flown a long way...	
Jan 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the four Points Downtown for a 3night stopover on our way to Mauritius.It was well worth the stop to break up the journey &amp; the hotel was of an excellent standard!The hotel is great for a city hotel &amp; i would highly recommend it.Dubai was great, however 3 nights was enough for us, with all the development work taking place at the minute, it's a bit chaotic!	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Hotel!	My husband and I stayed here in the beginning of January. We stayed for only one night but since I am a Starwood Preferred Member we got upgraded to a Junior Suite! It was huge and the room was very clean, nice and decorated with modern decor. The location is a little further from the main shopping sights such as the Mall of the Emirates and the Dubai Mall but there are some shops and restaurants within walking distance. We also had breakfast included with our package which was one of the best hotel breakfasts that we have had. They had a huge variety of food available as well as a person who made fresh customized omelets and eggs. There was little to no wait for a taxi when we stayed at the hotel but I know that there wasn't a line of taxis available. The staff was extremely friendly and nice. They even let us borrow their phone downstairs to make a local call after we had checked out of our room. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel. The price is very reasonable as well.	
Jan 3 2009 	confortable with baby as well	The hotel is very clean, feels safe and the rooms are spacious &amp; tidy. Traveling with a baby might be a bit difficult, but this hotel has a great location for walking with the pushchair e.g. to close by BurJuman mall for an late dinner. First nights we did not want to leave for dinner and ordered food from the roomservice - there is a nice area with sofas and table &amp; chairs for eating in our room with a kingsize bed. We were very well received and got all the help needed when lifting the pushchair into taxis or with bags at arrival and departure. We were offered a babybed, but our baby sleeps so well in the pushchair we did not need it. We brought our own babyfood from Finland, and warmed it in the room with water from the waterboiler. The minibar fridge served as babyfood fridge during our stay. You can't get to the pool area with the pushchair (or if you are disabled) without help, there are stairs and doors. We as a couple enjoyed having a &quot;good enough pool&quot; close to the necessities in the room for our baby, and with shady spots for the pushchair. (we weren't looking for luxury gardens pools). It would be relatively easy to get to the Jumeira Beach Park with the hotel bus (nice beach, worth the fee 5AED) , but going there with the baby was too much of a fuzz (no shade, no place to warm food, fine sand everywhere).All in all - we warmly recommend this hotel to families with one baby + max. one child (also an extra bed would fit in the spacious room).About traveling with a baby in Dubai;There are not easily available taxis with safe seats for babies , so we put our child in our &quot;BabyBjörn - carrier&quot; and attached him this way to one of us sitting in seatbelts. Safer than nothing...People love babies and came to look and touch him in malls. If you don't want people to touch your child, you might want to get pick him up yourself, or hold on to his hands yourself while chatting with admirers. This way you still are polite and everyone is not touching your baby.We would not recommend an abra boat on the creek with a pushchair. Seems to risky.Malls are a good place to spend your evenings after sunset - there are nice foodcourts with different choices for each night (and you can keep your budget - costs around 25-30 AED/meal)Grab a taxi to any mall (30-40 AED/ride).Carrefour has a lot of babyfood available, and smaller &quot;supermarkets&quot; tend to have some, pampers easily found. We brought our own babymilk from FIN, because there is only babymilk-powder available in the stores.What youd like to bring for a baby:- something that you can use in a taxi for a safe ride- hat &amp; sunglasses for babies- a piece of cloth to put on the pushchair for shade.- flexibility as a midset.	
Jan 2 2009 	Downtown Dubai [the real Dubai?]	I stayed in the Four Points in Al Mankhool from beginning of November to the end of December in 2008.This was my first trip to Dubai on Business and the first trip I spent away from home by myself - away from the family!. Therefore, the hotel needed to meet the criteria of making me feel at home and comfortable. It did this.Upon my middle of the night arrival, the front door staff where very attentive and I was greeted with a warm reception. The check-in was painless [not what I can say for many UK hotels!] and quick and I was soon led to my room on the 7th Floor. My initial impression of the hotel was that it was new and therefore by default, clean and tidy. This turned out to be partially correct: it was not clean and tidy simply because it was new [I believe less than 1 year old], but because of the constant attention by the cleaning staff and I can simply say they were very thorough.The room, was spotlessly clean if a little basic, but the theme was up to date and modern. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but it was was well finished [much better than UK standards] and most importantly: it had great shower!The roof top pool is a reasonable size and was well attended by other guests. I only used it a couple of times as I was out on business every day though! But a good clean pool with decent quality poolside furniture. The view however wasn't great, but due to the hotel location, it was never going to be great in any case.I used the gym just about every day I was there and found it a good size and never too busy [although I used it at night ,so not sure if it was busy during the day]. It has a good range of equipment and again, is very clean. The staff were also very pleasant and attentive. The changing rooms again, very clean and the sauna within the changing rooms, clean and always empty ,which meant that most times it took a bit of time to get a decent heat into it - which wasn't a problem.Included within my rate was the buffet breakfast. If you are a big eater, you will get your moneys worth, but if you don't eat too much [like me], then I feel its a tad expensive at 80 Dirhams [circa £14]. The choice is extensive and everybody will find something they like and plenty of it. The staff are very attentive [as they all are!!] and will bend over backwards to make you feel welcome.I ate out mostly [during the day], but did eat in the hotel as well. There is a deal whereby you can get a buffet style meal in the evening, with your drinks included for 180 Dirhams [circa £32]. There are cheaper deals without the drinks, but the reason I mention the drinks one is because a pint of [poor quality - although I would necessarily blame the hotel for this] European Beer is 32 Dirham [circa £5.50]!! A bit expensive, even if the beer was good. Other hotels in the same area offered a far better selection and cheaper. Although to be fair, I never frequently indulged in any case so it wasn't a problem for me, but if you are on a holiday and you fancy a few drinks in your hotel, you could be dissapointed. The hotel was due to open another 'bar' at the end of November, but at time of my departure, this wasn't yet available, so I cannot say if this had any effect on range and price. I did note that in the evening, the restaurant never appeared too busy and when I did eat in [not from the buffet, but from the Italian menu], I found that the portions a little small for 45 Dirham [circa £8] and a little lacking in..... Italian taste? But tasty enough in their own way always well presented.I made a lot of use of the laundry service and it was always ahead of schedule. If I choose the next day service, I normally always got the laundry back the same day [which I guess is down to how busy they are]. The laundry was always well presented and it scores 10 out of 10 for me. The prices were 20 Dirham [circa £3.50] for a shirt, 30 Dirham [circa £5.50] for trousers, and a dry cleaned suit 85 Dirham [circa £15]. Reasonable value in my opinion.I never opted for the in-room internet [I cannot recall the cost] as I felt that it was expensive [compared to what I would normally pay in the UK - but I think this is more down to the cost of internet provision in the UAE and not a case of the hotel taking advantage]. The wireless service provided for free in the lobby was good, but there was a few times that frustratingly I would continually lose the connection. But on the whole, it was pretty reliable, but it could get very busy in the evenings with a lot of people with laptops - which must be an annoyance to non-business people wishing to use the lobby for relaxation. There were occassions [not me personally] had problems connecting, but the hotel engineer always appeared to be available to assist those with problems.Getting a taxi can be a bit of a hit and a miss. On a Friday, they will fight over you to get a fare, but on a Thursday, be prepared to wait. There is always the option the 'limo' cars waiting outside, but the minimum fare is 80 Dirham and I would suggest you just wait on a normal cab. Bear in mind, that Al Mankhool is not exactly the hub of excitement in Dubai. You'll be spending a fair bit of time in taxis if you want to be at Jumeirah beach, Madinat or the Marina areas. On the plus side you are reasonably close to the Gold Souk [personally I would avoid The New Gold Souk which is a big blue and gold coloured building in walking distance], the airport and the Creek. Walking to the Burjuman Mall takes about 10-15 minutes and a walk along to Spinneys supermarket [further along Mankhool Rd] takes about 5 minutes. There are loads of other shops selling..... tat, I suppose, but you might also get the option to buy fake designer merchandise. Also within 15-20 minute walking distance is Al Karama; another district which specialises in fake designer anything! I personally wouldn't go too late at night - not because I think you'll get mugged, but just because being a northern European, I stick out like a sore thumb and therefore get asked, a lot, if I'm interested in fake designer merchandise. Try the daylight for the Al Karama shopping experience!If you want a more 'earthly' experience of Dubai and not so much glitz and glamour, then Al Mankhool appears to be a reasonable choice. If you are expecting the glitz and glamour, then you'll be using the [very inexpensive - the only thing apart from dodgy designer gear that is inexpensive in Dubai!!!] taxis.All in all, a good all round experience for me of Dubai .The hotel is really very good. Depending on what you want out of Dubai it might not be for you, so choose your location carefully, but if you decide on the Burdubai/Creak area, its a great hotel.The two biggest gripes I have:1. [an indirect fault of the hotel] when in the gym, a certain gym member [non-guest] would come in and change the TV channel regardless of who may be viewing a specific channel at the time to their choice and would continue to 'channel hop'. This, in my view, is plain ignorant and I felt that the staff could have advised the 'member' in question, to consider other people. Just a minor gripe really.2. The single biggest source of annoyance for me, was the smoke alarm in the room, directly above the bed. This had a litle orange light, that would flash every 20 seconds or so [I guess so that they could be seen that they were ready to work if need be]. Not noticable until you switch off the lights to get some sleep, then this little light transforms into a powerful beacon which can only be blotted out by pulling the covers up over your head! That light was responsible for me not getting to sleep and then keeping me awake during the night once it woke me up!! Another minor gripe, but a very frustrating one.	
Dec 30 2008	Very Plesant Stay	I'm late in sending this in, but wanted to express my appreciation to the staff for making our stay a very enjoyable one. I was with a group and every one of us were treated royaly.Mr Hamed and his assistant were always gracious and helpful and the staff at the desk were friendly at all times.There is a shuttle from the hotel to the Jeremiah Beach, and several fast food places a short walk from the hotelWe had the buffet breakfast included and it had lots of variety and was really good.	
Dec 8 2008 	Excellent Choice	This hotel turned out to be a perfect choice for us and we booked on the recommendations from people on this site. We arrived early in the morning and were greated by friendly and efficient reception staff who invited us to use the facilities of the gym and pool area to freshen up and relax until our room was ready. For us the hotel was in an ideal position within walking distance of what turned out to be our favourite spot in Dubai - the wonderful creek and the souks and the museum. If we neeed to go to the beach area we used the hotel shuttle bus which was always punctual and taxis which were very inexpensive to get us further. The bedroom was large, spotlessly clean with a seating area and a good area to make tea and coffee. Very comfortable bedding and robes and slippers. We didn't eat at the hotel so cannot comment on the food but thoughly enjoyed the house red in the little bar area which I understand is being extended. The only downside of the whole experience was being persuaded at the hotel to book a personal guide to take us around Dubai as opposed to the Bus, turned out to be a very impatient guide, who we couldn't understand, who rushed us around the sites we wanted to spend time at to get us in a few of his friends stores in the hope that we would buy something. An expensive mistake so beware! Apart from this little incident which was soon forgotten we had a fantastic time. I would like to give a special thank you to Yvette on reception - what a lovely, helpful lady.	
Nov 24 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	Nicely decorated, everything you could want (short of an ATM, but its right down the street). The staff was nice and knowledgable, and the rooms clean and comfortable. We loved the new resturant.I was a little leary upon arrival (lots of construction and in the middle of what appeared to be a residental district), but felt very safe once inside	
Nov 19 2008 	Four Points out of Five	We stayed here for two periods recently one for 2 nights and the other for 5 nights. On both occassions we found the check in staff to be helpful and friendly and quick and efficent. On our second check in we were disappointed not to get a non smoking room but they organised room fresheners and made sure we were happy with it and we were.The rooms we had during both stays were quite, clean and tidy and high quality. The bed was a dream to sleep on and the bathroom had a great shower and facilities. Whilst the complimentary water was a nice touch we did find housekeeping were hesitant on filling up the amentities of the bathroom which came across as a little stingy.The new Italian restaurant provided a nice lunch for us one day with great pasta. The current bar (which I believe is being extended) is small and smokey with no atmosphere and football on the screen all day which is a turn off for us. I hope to stay again and find the new bar better and with a non smoking area.Concierge are the best I have ever seen and nothing is a problem and nothing is ever wanted from them. They get taxi's for you quickly enough and have excellent directions or advise. Metered taxi's to the Airport or Emirates Mall cost about 40AED.I hope the hotel continues with the great service they currently offer.	
Nov 18 2008 	Very nice 4 star hotel	Before going to Egypt, me and my wife decided to stay for 03 nights in Dubai, in our first time in this place.There are a lot of options to stay in Dubai… so, you can stay in 7 star hotels, a lot of of 5 star and others… we decided to stay in a 4 star that our travel agent told that was very new… and she was right.The Four Points Downtown is a very new clean and new hotel… really nice, with a great location and a nice breakfast…The problem that we felt wasn’t the hotel, but a problem of the place: there aren’t so many taxis in the city… so, sometimes, we waited for more than 30 minutes for a taxi…The room that we stayed was very nice, big, in a way that some 5 stars hotels don’t have rooms like this… so, in fact, it´s a room superior than others 4 star rooms in the world…One thing that I must say about Dubai: if you go there by plane, try to fly by Emirates… great economic seats and perfect entertainment program.	
Nov 7 2008 	What you see what you get (Its all good)	I selected this hotel because of the good reviews from other fellow travelers and because of the management response from Mr. Amr Hamed. I booked the hotel for 5 days stay for my parents and they loved it. The rooms are nice and clean and the breakfast is decent. It’s not actually in the city center but it’s not too far from anything. Although it only has one restaurant but there are a lot of options around. It’s a new hotel so you have to make sure that you tell the taxi driver the correct street name. They didn't have any problem during their stay and the hotel staff was very helpful in every way. One Mr. Janaid needs a special mention.I would recommend this hotel to all my friends.	
Oct 14 2008 	Amazing little extras make me a raving fan	The Four Points Downtown is brand new and absolutely luxurious given the 500 AED price I got on the Sheraton website. A large clean room with a king-size bed, fluffy pillows, flat-panel TV, and lots of little goodies (including a scale!), and a free shuttle to the beach.What turned me into a total raving fan, however, was the service I got: 10 hours *after* I'd checked out I came back to the hotel, hot and dusty from a desert safari, just to pick up my luggage before my midnight flight. The bell captain asked, without prompting, if I'd like to freshen up. He then carried my bags up to their pool-spa, got me a towel, and showed me to the locker-rooms where I could shower and change. I was nonplussed by his graciousness and hospitality. And when I offered him a tip, he politely declined, saying that this was just typical Four Points service.I'm sold.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Value for Money Hotel	I recently travelled to Dubai and stayed at this hotel for three nights. I arrived at the hotel at about 7am just wanting to leave my bag and get a bite to eat as check in is only 3pm. On arrival I was able to do all the check in paperwork etc and was advised that a room should be available by 11am. There is a small lounge area in the lobby with free wireless internet connection so decided to catch up on email etc. I was pleasantly surprised a couple of hours later that my room was available.I had booked a classic double room and it was huge in comparison to many European hotels. The room was spotless and the finishings were excellent. The room was on the 6th floor and very quiet, although I did hear an ocassional clang from the building site next door (only during the day). This was to be expected as Dubai is one giant construction site. I ordered room service twice and each time it was delivered within 20mins by very friendly waiters. Remember to put your do not disturb sign on your door if you are having a sleep-in, as housekeeping seems to go around relatively early. I was only unexpectedly disturbed once in the evening by somebody coming to check the mini-bar, but he was in and out within 5 minutes.Overall this is a great hotel. However if you would like a beach holiday or a romantic getaway there are better choices, although the hotel does offer a shuttle service to Jumeirah Beach Park. I was very happy with my stay at the hotel.I do have a couple of suggestions that some visitors may find useful. Traffic in Dubai is incredible so be prepared to get stuck in a traffic jam at least once. Although taxis are numerous and usually readily available I would suggest getting the telephone number of a reliable taxi company in order to book a taxi if necessary. I was caught out a couple of times in very long queues of people waiting for taxis and regretted not being able to call a taxi service. I would highly recommend the Big Bus Company hop on-hop off bus tours. You are able to purchase tickets from the hotel. The tickets are valid for 24 hours so try and do the longer tour in the afternoon and the shorter one the following morning. I was short of time so had to do both tours in one afternoon and wasn't able to hop-off as much as I would have liked. The ticket includes a dhow cruise as well as entry into Dubai Museum. If you decide to visit Atlantis on the Palm I would suggest going for the full day if possible and get entry into Dolphin Bay. A few friends and I only visited the aquarium (The Lost Chambers) and were slightly disappointed.	
Sep 28 2008 	5 star rooms and facilities 1 star reception	Booked for five nights due to early check in and stayed for 4. Having flown from Perth and landing at 5.45am we were a bit bewildered and very hot. We found a taxi easily and after a lengthy wait at receprion we were pleasantly surprised by outr room. The hotel was very modern and more like a 5 star. The breakfast menu in the 'family room' was reasonably priced. We didnt eat dinner there but the snack menus were great and very reasonably priced. We ate at a small restaurant around the corner called the Grand (next to a cracking little supermarket'. There 3 of us ate starters a curry each and drinks for about £12. There is also a burger king attached to the petrol station about 10 minutes walk away.  The swimming pool was great too with a view of the port. Concierge was great and very helpful but some of the reception staff were the most unhelpful ever. The Dhow Palace had more welcoming staff and a great barr with live music. Would stay at the sheraton downtown dubai again and it was definately situated in a better place than the sister hotel in Bur Dubai. The shuttle bus to the beach was also great and very reliable although the beach in August is not the best location in 45 degrees. Alos please avoid shopping at the Karama. Rip off / fake everything but it looks very good and they hassle you loads. The best shopping is the Burjaman which is 10 mins walk and about 2 mins in a taxi !Big Bus Tour is good, try and see Mall of the Emirates, Waafi, Gold Souk and a dhow cruise. Do one tour each day and pick up from Burjaman.	
Sep 25 2008 	Very Good Hotel	We stayed 4 nights to the Four Points and everything was excellent.We Checked-in very early in the morning due to our flight from London,and by the time we had breakfast,our room was ready.The hotel is absolutely spotless,the food is very good.There were no problems at all to get a taxi.If you want to be by the beach,this may not be the perfect hotel,you are about 10mns away by taxi.Otherwise very good in general...	
Sep 10 2008	Not the best location	We stayed here for 3 nights as part of our 6 night honeymoon in Dubai. I booked it because it was new and I love the feeling of new modern hotels. We had no problems checking in. As part of our &quot;honeymooners welcome&quot; they gave us a 2 cans of lemonade! Too funny!! We didn't really expect anything, just in comparison to all the chocolates, cakes, flowers we had received in other hotels at other various destinations it was hilarious!Location wise I really disliked it. It is not walking distance to much at all. We had to catch a taxi everywhere as soon as we stepped out of the hotel. I personally enjoy exploring places by foot. Luckily we had booked another hotel for the other 3 nights in Dubai.	
Sep 7 2008 	noisy expensive rubbish	This hotel is so noisy it ruined my stay, hammering and drilling all day long drove me crazy - they are building a new bar less than a year after opening so it's not like they are improving an old hotel. Nobody seemed to care, nobody told me before I went about this and it's not on their webpage which is a disgrace. The existing bar is the most expensive broom cupboard I've ever been in, they charge 12 US dollars for a single vodka then added 4 US dollars for the coke to go with it. There are a lot of people who work in the local shipyard staying there and they think they own the place, in the gym one night one of them had 3 of the 4 workout benches for himself and got stroppy when I asked to share one, and when I asked for the Italian TV channel he had turned to full volume to be changed he gave me a sneer so bad I left before things got heated - not good for holidaymakers this. Take my advice go somewhere else if you want a good hotel.	
Sep 6 2008 	Good hotel	We've stayed here for 4 nights in April.The rooms were big enough, complimentary water and coffee was provided. The lobby bar was really small and all smoking. For breakfast they'll have the usual buffet style treats. Nothing big to complain about but one time the driver from the shuttle service to the Jumeirah Beach park refused to pick us up on the way back. We were stranded and had to wait 40 minutes for a cab.All in all a nice hotel close to Bur Jurman shopping mall	
Sep 5 2008 	10 out of 10	What an amazing hotel! Brilliant luxury for a short stay. I stayed at Four Points for nearly a week and I couldn't have chosen a better hotel for the value I was offered!The hotel itself is immaculate! Very good breakfasts but do get a room including breakfast as it seems to be quite expensive on its own.The staff is very helpful, always smiling, happy to give a hand.I was located onthe 7th floor which is the preferred floor and the room was very comfortable. Floors, bathrooms, beds made every day! + the paper delivered !The only drawback is the lack of a decent restaurant in the hotel;-(WIRELESS INTERNET is such a PLUS of the hotel. Although you do not have free access to the net in your room , you've got it in the lobby, which has very comfortable sofas and you can spend there hours browsing the net However,I would recommend the hotel for anyone who visits Dubai either for business or shorter stay!To all the staff of the hotel - THANK YOU !	
Aug 27 2008 	Not good	I was there for a night on the way out and the hotel had just opened I think. The room was OK, but no internet, it took them an hour to bring me a bucket of ice. The staff was willing to help but did not know how. Looks like they have changed for the better.	
Aug 24 2008 	Top class service - my best hol ever!!!	I have just returned from the most amazing holiday ever and Four Points made this happen. My boyfriend and i stayed for 9 nights in the cleanest, most modernly stylish hotel - we never wanted to leave...i even cried! The room was so beautiful and big, meeting all of our expectations from the photos posted on their site.The staff are very, very friendly and a credit to the hotel, especially the guys who made up the room each day to perfection! Room service is also good at a reasonable price - they responded to our every whim!The roof top pool is a nice and clean area with loungers available most of the time but can get crowded. The pool is small for swimming but excellent temp for cooling down. Unfortunately, it was missing a bar, even if it only sold water, minerals and lolly pops i would have appreciated it.The restaurant staff are very friendly an willing to adapt the tables if required for large parties but you stll have the couple areas for privacy. The food is good but alittle on the expensive side especially minerals and alcohol but who's counting when you are on holidays!Overall, you will have a great stay with this hotel, one i will never forget and hope to return again in a few years time.	
Aug 18 2008	Excellent value for money and location	This is my fourth time to Dubai and my ninth to the UAE. I chose this time not to stay at a beach hotel but in Bur Dubai instead. For the price, this is fantastic value - the hotel is spotlessly clean and the rooms are large with great amenities (large TV - better than mine at home!, sofa, dining/coffee tables, plenty of wardrobe space, tea and coffee making facilities etc). The rooftop pool is a good size with plenty of sun loungers and waiters on hand if you want to order food/drinks and have them by the pool.The breakfast is a buffet service and to say it has a wide range of food is an understatement! The hotel staff are very friendly and even let us have a late check-out at no extra charge.The hotel has a courtesy minibus which takes you to Jumeirah Beach and back again three times a day.A good point to make if you have a late departing flight - the hotel has changing rooms, lockers and showers next to the gym on the top floor, so you can freshen up even if you are not leaving the hotel until very late.Don't forget though, if you ARE staying here, you need to tell the taxi drivers &quot;The NEW Four Points Sheraton on Mankhool Road&quot; or they will take you to the older one nearby also in Bur Dubai! (one even tried to take us to the Sheraton in Deira!!)Don't get me wrong - if you want 5* luxury then stay on Jumeirah Beach (the Hilton Jumeirah is fab) but if you're looking for value for money with an excellently located hotel in downtown Dubai, then the Four Points Sheraton Downtown certainly delivers.	
Aug 18 2008 	Best place to stay so far	We had decided to book this hotel for a couple days but ended up staying an entire weeks worth! The rooms were very spacious, the batroom was equivilant to a higher end Hilton, and the people we very nice and warmly welcomed us every time we returned. Restaraunt - The buffet style restaraunt had good food and the servers were nice. It's a little pricey however. We found a small market shop and an Indian style restaraunt right around the corner though. Pool - The pool is on the roof. The elevator takes your right to the door. Unfortunately the pool is not that deep (4 feet I think), but it was still refreshing and pleasent. You can call up drinks and charge them to your room as well.Rooms - Spacious, clean, the windows open (though I don't see why you would do that!), the view leaves little much to be desired, bathroom is great.Service - Althought these guys can be slow at times, they will help you out no matter what. We called them countless times for new robes and glasses and such. OVERALL - So happy we went here. In fact, we are coming back for another stay! Our other friends booked at other locations and we not nearly as happy as we were. Some even ended up with us at THIS hotel!	
Aug 10 2008	Excellent but..	I stayed for five days in July in this hotel, and overall it was excellent. My only take was that internet access was not free in the rooms (the charge per use was really prohibitive). But the hotel had the good sense of providing free wireless internet down in the lobby.	
Aug 5 2008	Sore head	Doesn't matter how nice the rooms are, when you have banging, hammering, and drilling ALL day long, within the hotel itself, you can't appreciate them.Rooftop pool small, and just enough loungers. Pool staff very friendly.Gym excellent, although a little on the warm side.Restaurant overpriced and food not good. Bar very small, and VERY expensive. Everyone seems to go to the Dhow Palace for dinner and drinks.Staff do not speak English very well.	
Jul 25 2008 	Loved the pool and friendly staff	Apart from initially arriving at the wrong hotel (there are 4 Four Point Sheraton's in Dubai) my stay here was very enjoyable. I checked in early (8am) and wasn't charged any additional tarrif. Room was very clean and new. The roof top pool was a welcome relief to the hot humid weather. I didn't use the gym but it looked fantastic as well. Short walk to the shops from the hotel.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great value	A fantastic value hotel - I found the service to be very good and the hotel rooms to be of a good quality.The pool is a rooftop pool and so not huge but perfectly adequate to relax in when the heat becomes too much.The gym is cool and has modern machinery, a trainer on hand if needed and TVs to watch while you work out.I had the hotel buffet one night which was again very good.	
Jul 15 2008 	Enjoyed our Stay	We stayed at Four Points Sheraton Downtown Dubai for 2 nights on a stopover on our way to Europe. We travelled with our 2 year old toddler and the staff went out of their way to help us. Our room was spacious, and we were happy they provided complimentary bottles of water.We found the location ok, and we utilised the hotel car service (which wasn't over-priced) to take us to the Gold Souk one morning. Taxis were easy to get, and are relatively inexpensive in Dubai.As we were with our young son, we didn't venture out in the evening in Dubai but ate at the hotel restaurant on both nights. The buffet was good value and offered a good selection.We will definitely stay again and we already recommended the hotel to a relative who visited Dubai in June, who also enjoyed his stay at the hotel.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great business hotel	I stayed at the hotel for more than 2 weeks for business and there is hardly anything to complain about. The hotel is pretty new, the rooms are large and furnished in a modern style with a pretty large fridge which helps when staying for a longer time. You don't get great views, but if you want sea view, don't book a downtown hotel. The pool is pretty big for a rooftop pool.The gym is also very well equipped and quite large - I've seen many gyms in other hotels which resemble more a homegym, and the aircon was working without any problems now. Finally, breakfast buffet is excellent - with more than just a breakfast selection, which again is good if you are out the full day for business. The only downturn is the lack of experience and understanding of the staff sometimes (e.g. check in, visitors) - it's good to have rules, but it is also good to have some experience that not all rules can followed all the time (e.g. presentation of passport which is currently with the Immigration Department for getting a residency visa). Cleaning staff could also be a bit less noisy at weekends.I have to admit that I stayed during the summer period, which meant great value for money and a rather empty hotel. Otherwise the pool are might get a bit crowded.Internet is rather expensive - but again this is common in these kind of hotels in Dubai.	
Jul 1 2008 	So new it smells like a new car	Excellent facility. Great value. Location is a block off the main road, so getting a taxi can be difficult during early morning and late afternoon. I am sure that because it is so new, the taxis don't include it in their cruising routine. Complimentary water and decent mini-bar. A/C worked great, but the lighting was a bit strange---either all on or all off. The switches have yet to be coordinated with all the fixtures (no big deal, but it was either very bright in the room or pitch black----also you could not turn the lights off from your bed, you had to get up and go to the front of the room). The rooms have a mini patio....nice touch.Courteous staff. Free wifi in lobby. Great buffet breakfast selections....a full meal. Great piped in music in the hallways plus interesting pictures of old Dubai also in the hallways. You are walking distance to shopping malls and convenience stores and restaurants.TV had many channels. Bed was comfortable. Housekeeping very clean and prompt. Did not use room service, but menu looked good and priced reasonably. Will stay there again.	
Jun 11 2008 	Excellent Value could be better location	I stayed here for 5 nights on business, it was a very new smart hotel and I got upgraded as I am a gold sheraton member. My room was lovely and breakfast was too - being only 40 dirhams for a continental - if you ask! Went to the gym and pool and they are really good and both open until 10pm. The downside is that it was not very easy to get taxis as the hotel is not on a main road so therefore they cant flag one down easily. When you do get one they are not too expensive. For a restaurant within walking distance try Lebanese Village it is only about 10 mins walk, if you can stand the heat! Although it was lovely, I would probably opt for the other Sheraton in Sheikh Zayed Road as it's nearer the CBD.	
Jun 4 2008 	A lovely hotel	The hotel is clean and attractive, with large rooms and divinely comfortable beds. Our room (a &quot;Preferred Room&quot;) had a large bath tub and a good shower with plenty of hot water and water pressure. A nice touch in the room was that there was an international travel adaptor provided, so I could charge my phone without having to buy an adaptor.The sound insulation was excellent, and even though we were opposite the lifts, we did not hear any noise from inside the hotel, and the only time I noticed something from outside was early one morning when I was sleeping badly and woke around 4am to hear the call to prayer.The breakfast buffet covered just about every taste, with Middle Eastern dishes, American pancakes, bacon and eggs, etc, as well as cereal, fruits, and eggs cooked to order. We had booked a price including breakfast - otherwise I think I would have thought the advertised price of 80 Dirhams a little expensive.The staff were all friendly and helpful.The television had good reception and a wide choice of channels.The rack room rate was quite steep, but we booked through Easyjet hotels, around 90 Euros/night including breakfast, and I consider it excellent value for money.	
May 26 2008 	A very sound experience	I booked this hotel a week before staying and if you are in Dubai for a short stay I would recommend this hotel as it is very clean, very central to everything, has good facilities for a small hotel and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in and I have stayed in 5 star + hotels in Dubai. If you are here for a short stay then you should book.	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved DUBAI!!	Hotel is so new that it really is immaculate! The rooms are just how the photos on the official web site suggest and as its not a resort, its decent in providing the basic amenities of a four star. Only thing missing in my opinion is the jacuzzi.The staff help as much as they can with the limited english spoken, and i wouldnt rely on them to help with excursions as no one really there to guide.In my opinion, hotel situated in a good place as you are walking distant from a great shopping centre, minutes away from Meena Bazar, short distance from the beech and some of the local tourist attractions!Best to collect i ternaries from the Bur Dubai Shopping centre as they have a really good tourist information centre!Travelling around by taxi is brilliant (avoid 'private taxis' as they con you double the price) as they use a metre but just be aware of the rate they begin with! I would if needed stay here again!	
Mar 5 2008 	modern hotel with lovely staff	I have just come to the end of a 11 day long stay at this hotel and am now writing a review in my room.Being a platinum member, I was upgraded to a corner suite which was really nice. The price difference is not that big so if your budget allows it and you plan to share the room with someone, go for the suite as it gives you a large living room, fully equipped kitchen, two bathrooms and two flatscreens.The location isnt exactly charming as there is nothing to do or see in the immediate surroundings. However, it is convenient as it is right in the middle of old Dubai and the modern Dubai with its malls and skyscrapers. Traffic is generally a concern in this city but it wasnt too bad around the hotel.What I really liked about this hotel:Modern design, everything close to brand new.Great staff, always helpful. Everyone from gym staff to front desk to restaurant to house keeping is super friendly.Nice roof top pool and nice gym with excellent service.The in-house car service is very nice albeit a bit expensive for short trips. Use them for longer journeys or multistop trips.Breakfast buffet was nice and plentyful.What wasnt great about this hotel:Restaurant food is ok but not great. Do take your time to explore other restaurants in Dubai.Internet connection is slow. It is not possible to watch streaming videos or Youtube which I find annoying.	
Mar 3 2008 	Modern New Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for two nights for a stopover in Dubai. Brand new hotel has only been opened from November- hence taxi ddrivers have a problem finding it so be sure to tell the driver a landmark next to the hotel to ensure they do not go to the older Four PointsI arrived her in the early hours of the morning and the concierge was unable to find my bookig from an outside agent - however they were gracious enough to still accomadate me accordingly. As a Starwood Preferred Guest I was assigned to the Preferred Floor and given a daily voucher for the downstairs cafe.The hotel is brand new and all the teething problems seem to have been ironed out. The room was larger and fully stocked. the bed as with most Sheraton hotels was a delight and the pillow menu was standard. There was ample storage space, a well stocked mini bar and amenites included slippers, loofah, shoe shine etc. and complimentry water. It was pleasently decorated with warm colours.The hotel features a rooftop pool which is a good size and a gym. The gym was a good size and has a good choice of machines - good audio and a refresher bar with juices, protein bars and drinks. Breakfast was a buffet with a good selection (however more hot choices wouldn't go amiss). Cafe and bar area serve food until late. This isn't a hotel designed for evening diner but is still good for mid day and late night eats.The location of the hotel is a 10 min walk from Bur Juman centra and there is a bus which take and picks up to Jurmeriah. For a well priced city hotel this is a good choice.	
Feb 11 2008 	Fantastic new modern hotel	I have just returned from a 5 night break in Dubai off which 3 nights were spent at this new hotel. The hotel is only a short journey from the airport and it offers all you would expect of a 4 star city centre hotel. The hotel has a very modern and clean feeling to it and although our stay was for leisure it is a very good business hotel as well. The gym was one of best I have seen in a hotel and fitness instructors were at hand if you needed them. The hotel does have a rooftop pool, although I wasn't quite brave enough to get in(it was only approx 18degrees).The service from the staff was very good and professional.Breakfast offered all you could need: fresh fruit, yogurts, pasteries, croissants, breads, omlettes, cereals and a hot selection of food.We stayed in a one bedroom suite which has two bathrooms, a luggage room, dining area with desk and sitting area, kitchennette complete with washing machine and a large king size bedroom.All in all a very nice hotel in downtown Dubai.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great experience	This hotel is brand new, modern, and very stylish -- the pictures on the official site do it no justice. Check-in was a little slow, with one frazzled clerk attending to four guests simultaneously, but the room was great: spacious, big comfy beds, little sofa-and-table area, powerful shower, plasma TV, and all of it squeaky and new. Internet access is a rather steep 80 dirhams/day (~US$20), but at least it was fast.The next morning, I hit the gym, which was quite spacious and well-equipped with a good selection of treadmills, stationery bikes, exercise machines, in fact pretty much everything except heavy free weights. There was even a European lady seemingly employed to run the center! The dressing rooms have a decent little sauna, and up the steps is a slick rooftop pool that would have been just amazing a little later in the year... but I was visiting in January and the 10 deg C water was, um, on the refreshing side.My rate didn't include breakfast, but I did get three &quot;treat&quot; coupons, redeemable for various things like beer and pretzels, fruit platters, muffins etc at the restaurant and bar downstairs. The only catch was that they could only be used between 11 AM and 8 PM, and I'd checked in at 10 PM and was leaving at noon the next day... but I tried the &quot;sandwich and drink&quot; at the hip little cafe (complete with pop art comic panels on the walls), expecting a saran-wrapped white bread triangle, and was fairly shocked to get what amounted to a freshly made club sandwich (minus the bacon) with piping hot fries.Overall, there are two negatives to the hotel, and one big positive. The negatives are that 1) the hotel isn't close to much of anything, although you can walk to the Creek in ~20 min if you've got time and the weather permits, and that 2) there really isn't the slightest hint of Arabia to the entire place: it's totally anonymous modern style. However, the big positive is the price: my stay, booked just a few days ahead, was Dhs 550 (before taxes), or around US$150, when most Dubai hotels I looked at were anywhere from 2-4x that much. Given that the hotel is just ~10 min from the airport by taxi, this was perfect for a one-day transit stop, and I'd definitely recommend it for people with a little sightseeing time on their hands.	
Jan 29 2008 	Nice and New!	Stayed one night in the Four Points downtown in mid January. The hotel is brand new. The rooms are very modern and the service was great. As the other reviewer said, you need to make sure the taxi driver is aware of this hotel vs the other Four Points in Bur Dubai. I will stay here on my next visit to Dubai.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great brand new design hotel in Dubai	If you like modern contemporary design at an affordable price - go for this brand new hotel. Be careful to explain the taxi driver not to take you to the other Four Points Hotel in Dubai (&quot;Four Points Burj Dubai&quot;) because the hotel is so new that the news is not common knowledge yet.The lobby and public areas are very light, with white and wooden tones and are tastefully decorated. The rooms are very spacious with a seating area, a leather couch and a dining table (Preferred floor). Compared to other Dubai hotels and the generally high price level this hotel is a real bargain.Some teething problems will soon be overcome (wireless internet did not work in the rooms, reception staff will need some training with their own computer system etc) so that the overall experience will be excellent. At first glance the location seems to be a bit out of the way but on second sight the hotel is in walking distance to a busy shopping street - which other hotel of this standard can say this in Dubai?This hotel is really recommended, in other places you get much less in terms of space and design for a similar price.	
Sep 26 2009 	Schönes neues Hotel gute Lage grosszügige Zimmer!		
Aug 27 2009 	Schoenes Hotel - Detailbericht mit Ausflugtipps		
Aug 21 2009 	Gutes Preisleistungsverhältnis		
Aug 6 2009 	????		
Aug 2 2009 	???????		
Jun 21 2009 	Sehr schönes Hotel für Kurzaufenthalt.		
Apr 25 2009 	Fantástico hotel cerca del centro		
Jan 21 2009 	deception		
Sep 3 2008 	Me encantó		
Aug 16 2008 	Four Points-gepflegt und neu		
May 22 2008 	rien à redire		
