Nov 5 2009 	Very good value for money	Frequent flyer with Emirates Airlines I usually overnight in Dubai. In the last two occasions in October I stayed with my wife and 5 year old son at the Renaissance.I found to price to be extremely competitive, half of what I usually pay at the nearby JW Marriott which is within walking distance in case one wishes to eat in the fabulous JW Steakhouse.On the 23 of October we decided to stay at their buffet restaurant Sails and we found food of good quality and reasonably priced.Common areas are a little bit outdated but still in good state and clean. Rooms are of generous size and beds are just fantastic. Those who know the Marriott Bed will find their very best version here at the Renaissance dubai.The only glitch was a missed wake up call, something my new friend Amr of reception (at his 4th day with the hotel) will hardly forget! I didn't complain but simply made concierge aware of the missed wake up call upon check out. Two days later I received a personal email of apologies and 2,000 bonus points on my Marriott Rewards account. Last, but not least, the hotel location. It is within 10 minutes by taxi from the airport, another plus for those travelers like me who stay overnight in Dubai to break intercontinental flights.	
Aug 14 2009 	Tried to rip me off.....but the hotel was nice.	I recently stayed at the Renaissance Dubai Hotel and did my booking through the Marriott website to get a guaranteed rate of 384 AED, or roughly $106 USD for the one night stay. When I checked out of the hotel, I received my bill and it also stated that they would only charge my credit card 384 AED. When I arrived home and checked my credit card statement, it stated that the hotel was trying to charge me $272!!! And I didn't even dip into the minibar or indulge in room service!! I hope Marriott realizes that they have crooks working in the Renaissance Dubai!! I also put a fraudulent alert on that transaction to ensure I get my money back.	
Aug 9 2009 	Terrible Customer Service and Uncooperative	Everytime I have stayed here I have a terrible time checking out because my bill is always wrong. They have tried to charge me for items before I have checked in and items signed by another room. Then it takes 45 minutes to get my bill corrected. This is the last time ever to stay here and if I have to travel more or pay more I will stay at another hotel. They have ripped me off for the last time!	
Aug 4 2009 	An enjoyable stay	My teenage son and I stayed at the Renaissance for one night recently on a brief Dubai stopover. We used the free hotel shuttle from the airport which didnt seem to be available for many other hotels. The reception staff were extremely friendly and efficient and organised an early check in at no extra charge. The room was very nice and the beds were amazingly comfortable! The bathroom was maybe a little dated but spotlessly clean. There was a nice swimming pool but we didnt use it as we didnt have time. Breakfast was included in our price and we were very impressed with the quality of the food and the variety and again the staff were friendly and cheerful. The Renaissance may not be in a particularly central location but it didnt matter at all to us - it was so hot outside that you couldnt walk far anyway and we caught taxis to the attractions we wanted to see. All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel - the rooms were quiet and very pleasant and we thoroughly enjoyed our brief stay!	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent service at an older hotel	The Renaissance is situated in Deira, a commercial area of no great significance. Due to the heat, humidity and frequent sand storms (the UAE is one vast desert, after all), everybody takes taxis, and few walk. The most noteworthy places to visit, and their travelling times by taxi are:- Dubai Museum (by Dubai Creek) - 15 mins- Dubai Mall - the world's largest shopping mall with 1250 shops, plus restaurants and a skating rink - 30 minutes- Bur Juman Mall - 20 minutes (designer boutiques such as Hermes, Bally, Etro, etc.)- The Atlantis Resort - 40 minutes - home of the Aquaventure water park, where I spent a day riding the rapids on an inflatable tube (yes, even at 34 years of age), and situated at the end of The Palm, one of the world's largest tracts of relcaimed land on earth, primarily for private residences)The Renaissance is clearly a hotel built in the 80's, and it shows in its public areas, salmon pink marble and brass. However, the entire property is well-maintained, and everything looked and felt clean, including the rooms (most importantly). The only downside of the rooms are their small windows, which make for a rather dim interior if the curtains are not fully opened, in the absence of the in-room lighting. In addition, the rooms look cluttered to me, as the 2 wardrobe and TV/mini bar cabinet are an array of wooden cabinets of different heights, and occupy an inordinate amount of space. There is not much lounging space aside from the 2 tub chairs tucked into a corner, with a standing lamp and a coffee table. The bed was very comfortable, although too soft for my liking, so I had the &quot;comfort top&quot; ( a thick quilt laid on top of the mattress) removed. Fruit and bottled water are replenished daily, as the tap water is not potable. All staff in the Club Floor lounge, Reception, Concierge and Health Club were uniformly helpful and friendly. The Club lounge has very limited seating, and got crowded quickly, so be prepared to wait for a seat at peak times. The breakfast and evening canape selection were adequate, but nothing outstanding. The pool is small compared to most other hotels, but was adequate. Tended to get very crowded with families in the evenings. I stayed on a promotional rate (due to the recession), and the hotel was excellent value. In fact, the Royal Suite (at the time of writing of this review) was discounted to a paltry 2200 AED a night, and what's more, it's available on a &quot;Pay 2 nights, get the 3rd free&quot; deal, which is truly amazing value. Wish I had a reason to return, just to take advantage of this offer! The recession really does offer some benefits.Overall, I would stay again, but only at a value deal such as the one I enjoyed this occasion, otherwise, I would try something else, since Dubai offers such a huge selection of fine establishments.	
Jul 20 2009 	Renaissance Hotel - Best all inclusve buffet in Dubai for the price	Visited Dubai in June and after a trip to the gold souk near to the creek went to the Renaissance Hotel for the buffet after being told it was good value.Buffet opens every night at about 6-30 and as we approached the restaurant door we were greeted by one of the staff who took us round the buffet before we even had decided to eat there.The choice is amazing with everything from chicken,fish,meats,langostines, Chinese,Indian,Mexican,large starter section,sweets coming from all angles.There are 3 prices which cover no drinks,drinks inclusive which is the one we chose and a more expensiveone with up market wines.All the drinks were premium brands and all imported beers,so as much as you like all evening witha really good choice.Cost for our package was only £40 per person which for Dubai is a fantastic deal.The hotel is a little bit off the beaten track but only 5 mins from the creek,hotel exterior typical 3/4 star but don't be put off ,the food is brilliant and the overall deal is one of the best I have ever had.We did not stay at this hotel during our stay but the journey was worth it.Its a must if you go to Dubai.Brian French	
Jul 14 2009 	Fantastic "Faultless" Stay	Fantastic stay, service excellent, breakfast delightful, room was lovelyPick up and return transfers from airport.Highly recommend	
Jun 30 2009 	Simple efficient business hotel	The Renaissance is a good business hotel for Dubai, if you need to be in Deira. The rooms and bathrooms are nicely done, clean, and well appointed. The lobby will remind you of typical &quot;flight crew&quot; hotels - a buffet, an a la carte restaurant, a bar, and cigar lounge. Meeting facilities are plentiful, the food is fairly good, and there is a small swimming pool well up from street level. Not quite the level of service or finishing touches one normally expects from a Renaissance, but comfortable. Left a message with reception to direct a visitor to another guest room when they came to reception, and called reception multiple times to check if the visitor had arrived, but the message was never relayed although the person came to the hotel and was asking almost every staff person in it to locate our group. That was a bit unusual!	
Jun 24 2009 	Reasonable hotel - excellent service	Based on the old pat of Dubai, the Renaissance Hotel is older and not as flash as many of the hotels in Dubai - but I really liked the service.The rooms are reasonable and have been refurbished a few years back. Nothing special in terms of furnishings or comfort so suitable for the business traveller. The meeting facilities are fine with helpful staff. Actually staff are the major plus point of the hotel. From the airport pickup to check out I found the staff warm and caring about giving good service. I've stayed in numerous hotels in Dubai and the staff here are excellent.However, for a personal visit I'd rather choose a more modern hotel especially since the rates are much more reasonable these days. With a large selection of luxury and themed hotels around, the Renaissance will appeal to those wishing for an international brand but have a more limited buget.The Renaissance is close to Reef and City Centre malls and about 25 mins from Dubai Mall ( a AED30 taxi ride).	
Jun 10 2009 	A 5 star hotel... back in 1992!	As the title says - this was a 5star hotel back when it opened, it is so dated and worn (see photos) that the 5 star rating is nothing but false advertising. The location is bad - building work and semi derelict buildings surround this hotel 'jewel' (see photos).Biggest problem - hustling. From the moment we arrived at the front desk at 2am - trying to upsell us to club, to door men and porters lying about taxi fairs so you took the hotel taxis. Rubbish hotel, rubbish experience. Ruined our stay in Dubai.	
Jun 7 2009 	Outstanding hotel	During my stay at the hotel everything went very very well. and everybody are very friendly and wants to do the maximum to make me happy and they did.	
Jun 3 2009 	had the best times!	from the welcome experience with shuttle from the airport till the check out was an excelent trip!! we won this prize as the top prize during an staff party, and used it 2 weeks ago. all associates were very helpfull, always smiling, the hotel was great, loved the swiming pool with its late closing time!! organised a great jeep safari for us and have nothing negative to tell you about this hotel!!	
Jun 3 2009 	Great location and all around value	Without a doubt, one of the best all around values in Dubai.The location between the airport and much of town makes it ideal for business travelers who will be visiting various locations in Dubai. You’re there in minutes from the airport and within 30 minutes of all of the business centers. Yes there are many hotels in Dubai but few of the well-priced ones have shops, restaurant, pool, health club all in one location. Staff is well-trained and friendly and the easy access to taxis is very handy in bustling Dubai. The bar has great selection and wide screen TV’s for viewing. No free internet access and the building itself and decorating is a bit “bland / corporate”. I wouldn’t stay there if with family looking to really explore the Emirates but it’s terrific for business.	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice hotel and conveniently located	We went there for a business trip. When I saw the hotel from outside, I was bit disappointed. But once you enter there is an escalator which takes you to first floor and you realise the hotel is huge. There is a gym/pool on 4th floor. Rooms are great. Very helpful staff. the lounga bar is amazing. Foodis excellent. Only disappointement was the check in time.Food at the restaurant was great. You get indian, mongolian, continental, chinese, japanese everything. I had an excellent time there.	
May 31 2009 	Fantastic hotel and good value in Dubai	Great staff and warm welcome - we stayed for 2 days in April as well. Attractive hotel, very good rooms, wonderfully comfortable beds - like a cloud, excellent breakfast, pleasant pool, good location. No restaurants in walking distance but there is one open in hotel at all times. Also they have shuttle services to 2 malls and it is not far from airport and souks. Best of all they recommended us to our own taxi driver who was superb and made our time there much more efficient and enjoyable. Overall great value and would recommend highly.	
May 29 2009 	Flawless service compensates for sub optimal location.	The Renaissance Dubai Hotel is no more than a 10 minute cab ride from the airport and very convenient if you have an early departure or late arrival. Both were the case for my stay, hence my choice of hotel. As Dubai has evolved much of the nightlife and activities has migrated to Jumeira, and this is at least 20 minutes and 15 bucks in a cab away. Cabs were always plentiful outside the hotel however and i found it good for understanding the geography of the place to travel the same route many times.As for the hotel itself, i can say that i spent any significant time in the many restaurants or bars, but the place was spotlessly clean, the staff wonderful and the breakfast buffet excellent. if you are looking for a hotel to use as a base to explore and dont mind a commute to most of the sights, then this excellent service more than makes up for any inconvenience.	
May 26 2009 	3 Star Not A 5 Star	Just returned back after a brilliant trip to Dubai....after reading a few reviews before i left felt i should put my veiw down too ..okay here goes ...On arrival met at the airport by the very nice staff who sent us a free shuttle ..good start.Was midnight when my friend and i checked in and i wasnt impressed as we didnt get told things like ..where the lifts were located , where breakfast was served , where was the pool situated ..that sort of thing ..i know it may have it in the room but normally you at least get told your way to your room etc .Room was nice enough but not much light so getting the make up on was always done in the small but clean bathroom. with two girls getting ready this was a task ..lolYou had a complimentary bottle of water for two persons per night ..we had to ask for them all the time.Fridge wasnt working on the plus side they were quick to bring another.Pool area was clean but no staff around when you needed them ...so quiet there was no lifeguard at the pool area.Even though i wrote down these points and others no body got back to me ...nice to have been acknowledged eh !For us the hotel being in the Deira area was too far away from all the &quot;places to visit&quot; so taxis were a must ...wouldnt stay againOn the plus side the beds were comfy , the hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly ...do yourself a favour though stay somewhere really 5 Star . And just to let you all know it was sooo hot 50 degrees so be prepared if your going now .	
May 21 2009 	Great Stay at the Renaissance Dubai Hotel	We recently had a very pleasant stay at the Renassaince Dubai where I had taken my family for a holiday. Our check in took us at the most five minutes, that too, was handled from beginning to end by a very pleasant receptionist who assumed we were tired and did her best to make us all comfortable as soon as possible.The room had all the usual 5 star trappings but what actually made a big difference was the room service which was good and very prompt.The roof top swimming pool was big and importantly absolutely clean.All in all our stay at the renaissance was a great experience and I will certainly recommend it to my friends.	
May 17 2009 	Perfect choice	If there is a hotel that you want comfort with convenience it has to be the Renaissance Dubai. The hotel is centrally located and 10 minutes away from the airport. (Shuttle from the airport and to the airport is also provided by the hotel).The lobby is still impressive although it’s been there for a while as 1 of the 1st 5 star hotel in Dubai as it was extensively renovated.The room in the hotel is spacious and cozy too. The staff in the hotel is very friend and I have the opportunity to meet their e-commerce manager Mr. Aftab which is very helpful and made and my friend felt very welcome. When your there make sure you get a room with lounge access as the heat in Dubai is very unbearable. Having access to the lounge and pool will help cool you down and relax. There is also a complementary internet access there as well. When your there you should try the spice island restaurant in the hotel with a wide range of choice with complementary choice of drinks included with it. What I like particularly in this hotel is that centrally located and friendly staff which will make your stay a memorable one. Aftab you make a difference for Marriot definitely. Thanks for your generosity and being a great host. Stewart	
May 14 2009 	A wonderful hotel	We went to Dubai for our honeymoon, due to an early flight we arrived at 7am. I had emailed in advance for an early check-in and we were shown straight to our room, it wasnt a problem.We had a lovely room by the pool, very spacious and spotlessly clean.The staff were really friendly and were always willing to help.The taxi's were very cheap and were plentiful so you never have to wait very long.We tried all the restaurants in the hotel and found them well priced with alot to offer.If you go to the business centre they will arrange day trips for you. I recommend the big bus tour first, it helps you to see all the sights and is very knowledgable.Overall we have a fanstatic honeymoon and would visit the hotel again !	
May 12 2009 	Wonderful Experience!	Our recent stay at the Renaissance Dubai Hotel was nothing short of wonderful! Due to a reservation glitch which didn't materialize for us to staying at our first hotel choice at the JW Marriott Dubai, (it was an award redemption stay). We opted to stay at the Renaissance Hotel Dubai instead. It turned out to be a good decision on our part! In a few email corresponded with the Renaissance Hotel Dubai E-Commerce manager informing of the reservation issue, he was personally interested and all ready to understand what the issues were, and wanting to make things right. He was personally at hand to welcome us when we checked in, and treated us to a spectacular dinner at the Spice Island Restaurant, which by the way was a highlight with its incredible all you can eat Grand Buffet that serves up spread from Middle Eastern to Japanese, Indian, Thai, Chinese, fresh seafood like lobster tails cooked to your liking and much more. He also offers some valuable suggestions for the sites and places to visit. We even took sometime out to chat a couple of times. Talking about going the extra mile, and the epitome of customer service! A big thanks to you, Aftab!Our room was spacious, nicely furnished with 2 double beds, pillows and duvets were very comfortable. We were accorded the club level lounge access which served breakfast, delicious evening snacks that changes daily while were there, and all day refreshments in a relaxing atmosphere. The hotel provided extensive amenities and services such as swimming pool, fitness center, provided a much welcoming respite from the often unbearable heat! This hotel is perfect if you're on a leisure or business trip. Centrally located in Deira, and about 10 minutes drive (not during peak traffic), it is easy to get around to all parts of Dubai. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.	
May 11 2009	nice hotel to stay	Good hotel with friendly staff.	
May 6 2009 	One of Marriott's better properties	This is an excellent city centre hotel, with excellent room rates and excellent service. I'm a former Marriott employee, and when I worked for Marriott (in the late 80s), it was a company to be proud of. In my opinion, however, the Marriott brand went downhill in the 90s, thanks to an expansion plan that was way too ambitious, and the purchase/management of some truly horrible hotels in the UK (none of which improved after Marriott put its name over the door), however properties like the Renaissance Dubai certainly give renewed hope to jaded Marriott customers.I stayed at this hotel LONG before it became a Renaissance, and back then, it was nice but nothing special. Marriott has made it something special. It has a fantastic central location, great service, and a very welcoming atmosphere. The only slight criticism I might have is that the decor could probably use some updating. Its certainly not shabby, but its slightly stuck in the 1970s. But apart from that, I have no complaints at all and would highly recommend this excellent property to anyone.If there wasnt already a JW Marriott within walking distance, I would have liked to see the Renaissance flying the JW Marriott flag, although I'm not sure how Marriott decides which hotels should be Renaissance properties and which should be Marriott properties. The Reinassance Hotel Chancery Court in London is BY FAR Marriott's best property in the UK, yet it flies the Renaissance flag, whereas dreadful properties like the Marriott in Portsmouth fly the Marriott flag. Go figure.But the Renaissance in Dubai is highly recommended. If you want a clean, comfortable stay in a hotel run by friendly, professional employees, then this is the place.	
Apr 17 2009 	A central hotel but!	The Hotel is very central for walking to the Mall's and very clean with very polite staff who are always ready to help.The rooms are very well equipped and comfortable with 2 good sized beds.The only downfall was that it is on the flight path from the airport so during the day and some of the night the planes take of and fly over the hotel so you cannot escape the aircraft noise.The pool is outside a good size with ample sun-loungers served by a bar. Men and women have separate health clubs and are well equipped.The Spice Island restaurant is a must with 3 choices of price from non-alcoholic drinks, labelled drinks and quality drinks eg. Black Label Johnny Walker whiskey and champagne. There are about 7 food stations from Sushi to Mexican and a wide variety of sweets to follow.The bar has a good quality menu and a group playing in the evening which were very good. The theme is a sports bar type with TV screens if the group is not to your taste. I found the downside was that as it is permitted to smoke the air conditioning could not cope and the next morning my clothes smelt of smoke.Overall a very good hotel but with exceptions.	
Apr 9 2009 	Top of the line Marriott!	I frequently travel for business (weekly) and although the Marriott chain is usually my first choice, I often choose another popular brand based on location or price. I chose this Marriott in Dubai as the price for mid week was very affordable. I have no complaints about this hotel. It is certainly 5 star, with excellent service, and very clean and comfortable rooms. The pool and fitness center are very relaxing. Staff is available at all times to see to the needs of their guests. The carpet shop (gift shop in the hotel for Persian carpets and textiles) was magnificent, staffed by a very helpful and knowledgeable young man (Ali). They have a wonderful selection of textile goods at very reasonable prices.An unfortunate experience during this stay - I was overcharged by a taxi (summoned by the hotel) for a trip to the Emirates Mall. Upon returning to the hotel, I showed my receipt to the concierge and the matter was taken very seriously. I was refunded (by the concierge) the amount of the overpayment; a call was made to the cab company and I was treated to a complimentary trip to the airport in the hotel limo. The staff went out of their way to be accommodating. I recommend this hotel without hesistation and if my future travel plans include Dubai, I will definitely book this hotel again.	
Mar 10 2009 	its a good hotel but not 5 star	its really nice hotel but dont expect 5 star or 4 star......the hotel looks ok not like pictures,,,rest is good,nice room,nice staff.and nice breakfast,,,,but remember its a good hotel but not too good.	
Mar 7 2009 	Wonderful	This is probably one of the best hotels in the world I have been to. Quick service, nice food and good-quality rooms. It is situated in Al Muraqabat which is in Deira and is ok to go to places like the Gold Souk and Jumeriah Beach. Nearly all buses stop at the Gold Souk and there is a stop just a couple of metres down the left of the road and on the right. It is very close to the Reef Mall which is good for shopping but about 5 mins away from Deira City Center and the hotel do a free shuttle but if you have a craving for shopping you would rather go to the Mall of the Emirates. The rooms are top-notch here but I have to say the food is excellent but over-priced compared to the UK as much hotels are. The pool is very good and clean as well. The service is not very slow but can be sometimes though. I would definitely recommend this to anyone going to Dubai	
Mar 7 2009 	wonderful accommodatios and service	I've traveled the world; Europe, Far East. Australia, New Zealand staying at 5 star hotels, this hotel compared with them all! The staff was not only helpful, but cheerful, doing extra things without me having to ask.The service and food at the resturants was excellent! My stay was wonderful, and I would return in a minute!	
Mar 4 2009 	Home away from home	After a long trip from the Philippines, you just want to settle down and have a quality rest, then this hotel is the place to go. Located strategically at the business center. yet the inside provides you a calm and relax atmosphere. Hotel staffs are very warm, friendly and attends promptly to your needs. You feel pampered and well taken cared off. Food is great and the other ammenities are superb. You get more what you paid for. I highly recommend this hotel. - Erwin Banquil, Sales Executive, San Miguel Yamamura Packaging Corp.	
Mar 3 2009 	A friendly relaxed stay we couldn't as for anything more.	Five of us stayed in a three room suite, for three nights. we enjoyed the experience; the friendly staff, SAILS breakfast room, the unique Spice Island, Harry's Bar and the good beds. We will definately do it again.Mr. &amp; Mrs S. M. Nakhleh &amp; friends Los Angeles, CA	
Feb 8 2009 	In need of an overhaul	&gt; POOR SERVICE&gt; SMELLY HOTEL&gt; GOOD LOCATION&gt; DODGY TAXI DRIVERS AFFILIATED WITH HOTELThey organised me a good car from the airport to the hotel with a friendly driver.Check-in was problematic, as there was only one member of staff. I had to wait behind a pilot who got very frustrated that it took them 10 minutes to process his payment for one beer from the minibar. They took an equally long time to process me.The hotel has a strange smell that pervades every part of it - smells like cleaning products. Not good, smells like a (clean) toilet.Room was what you would expect for this price, but perhaps a little frayed around the edges. Could do with a refurb.Taxi's affiliated with the hotel are crooks. They over-charge dreadfully (my local-colleagues advised me of the proper prices). DO NOT USE THE HOTEL TAXIS (other than airport service), get one on the meter.Bar was good, with friendly service, however the bar food was disgusting - very old calamari was re-deep fried and inedible. I complained and they replaced with other, average, dish.Cup of coffee to go took about 10 minutes and cost about £8. It was tepid and flavourless.Apparently the pub and buffet are quite good, but I did not visit either of these.Checking out took 14 minutes (I timed it!). There was no staff on the front desk, and when someone did arrive, the computer system locked them out and we had to wait for someone from IT to allow them to check me out.	
Jan 28 2009	Comfy bed.....courteous staff	I got a &quot;reasonable&quot; price ...so was decent for the amount paid...The room was clean enough, comfortable bed...room service was prompt and very friendly....Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful...My biggest complaint would be the smoke in the bar...wanted to go for a cuple of drinks and almost choked to death...the cigarette smoke is disgusting and fills the place...,i had a bad sorethroat the next day and know it was from the smoke..not to mention the stink on ones clothes.....i don't understand why the UAE hasn't yet banned smoking in public areas....the pool area is quite nice, but the service there was VERY slow......massage at the hotel was fantastic..there's a Thai woman who does thai massage and she is amazing! The staff at the pool area reception are very friendly....Food at hotel...was just ok.... i thought the coffee was pretty bad actually, i ordered it from room service....i had their mexcian breakfast also, and wasn't impressed... i had the teriyaki salmon in the evening though and it was great...for the most part, the hotel is very good...too bad they don't have shuttles going to City Center though, took a taxi and had to get same guy to pick us up as it's anightmare to get a taxi FROM the Citty Center mall.. so it was 12 dirham to get there,a nd 40 back..really outrageous as it's pretty near...for the most part though, a great hotel...	
Jan 17 2009 	Top Notch Service	I stayed here for 1 week on business in a standard room. It was smaller than I expected, but still nice and clean. The bathroom is a bit cramped. The TV is older and had a decent number of channels in various languages. I did not like the fact that my room had an interconnecting door so I could hear the guy next door talking on the phone at night.The bed was very comfortable and I slept well every night. The service at the hotel was impeccable. Every staff member greeted me each day. I ate at the Sails restaurant and the food was really good. I did not try the famous Spice Island buffet since it was very expensive (US$45+). I ordered room service a few times and was very impressed.The location of the hotel is about 10 minutes from the airport and right in the downtown area of Deira. This was perfect for me as I was attending an exhibition near the airport. If you are visiting Dubai as a tourist, I recommend staying somewhere else. There is not much to see within the immediate area of the hotel, as it is mostly commercial and residential. Finding food outside of the hotel requires some walking around.The hotel could use some updating, but the service here is much better than most of the properties I have been to around the world.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Renaissance Dubai Hotel for 1 night only on our way through to New Zealand. We'd asked for an early check-in as our flight landed early morning but this couldn't be done so we proceeded on a tour of the city arranged by the concierge who was extremely helpful. Found all the staff were very attentive, sometimes too much... Rooms were very clean and adequate for our stay - bed was extremely comfy (which was appreciated by time we got to it...!). The hotel is in the heart of the old town and as we were on a short trip we could not find anywhere for meals outside of the hotel but there were 3 different restaurants to choose from.	
Jan 8 2009 	Not a 5 Star for me.	1st time to Dubai and this is the only 5 star hotels that I have stayed in Dubai, This is a nice hotel but does not compare well to 5 star hotels that I have stayed in other parts of the world. The deluxe rooms are dated but a decent size. There was never enough sun beds round the pool. We had to wait in a queue for approximate 15 minutes to check out.Overall this is a lovely hotel with good staff but just does not meet 5 star standards for me.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Renaissance Dubai from 28 Dec 08 until 01 January. It is a great hotel, business-like. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms and facilities are great as the restaurants in the hotel as well. Location is convenient, close to the airport. Only downside was that you could hear a nightclub a bit at night in our room; not sure if this is a problem for all rooms. But it wasn't a deal breaker.	
Dec 16 2008 	such a friendly staff and excellent service	I travel very frequently for business purpose and stayed at Renaissance Dubai hotel 4 times so far. When I stayed for the first time which is couple of years ago hotel needed a detailed renovation but their friendly and very well trained staff was enough to say all the good things about the Renaissance Dubai Hotel. When I stayed last time which was 2007 ,hotel had a visible renovation , and friendly and professional staff was the same. Each time I visit their famous restaurant which is Spice Island ,so good food and good price.. I know their business is very though ,Dubai is such a destination competition is very though. But Renaissance Dubai hotel is always creating new concepts and ideas to keep their guests happy.Congratulations and I hope to visit them soon. I can not think about staying in any other hotel.Anil	
Dec 14 2008 	Memorable Renaissance	Our stay at the Renaissance Dubai Hotel was something memorable. While Dubai is famous for several classic hotels, we choose this hotel due to Marriott's brand image and positive feedback from our friends. The smiling faces at check-in, explanation in detail about the hotel, recommendation for food made us feel welcome. Our dinner at the Spice Restaurant along with our local friends was outstanding. We are sure the hotel will leave great impression in the hearts of several guests. AWESOME RENAISSANCE - Keep it up	
Dec 12 2008 	Our first visit to Dubai	Staff were so pleasant and helpful at all times - with all enquiries responded to in a professional and prompt way- the Hotel's facilities were excellent and the restaurants first class- we would use the hotel again and also recommend to friends and business associates	
Dec 12 2008 	great value for money 5 star hotel	Just spent a week at the Renaissance in Dubai. Booked a suite as I needed the space to coduct interviews and it was great since there is great space, a dining area and living Area all for $400, the hotel sent a complimentary car to pick me up from the airport. The Club lounge was nice and cozy (Brand New) it seems they just renovated and it was perfect as i managed to have breakfast and morning espresso in the lounge and a few glasses of wine in the evening. I was also impressed with their linen re-use program that gives you the option to choose how often you want the linens washed, i opted for once every 3 days and that’s me doing a bit for the Environment. Oh yeah and thank you Marriott for the Marriott Rewards points …it really is the best program, I have enough points for my next vacation - NYC here i come!i'd also like to add that my stay was exceptional because of the friendly &amp; efficient Renaissance team - thank you!!	
Dec 9 2008 	Comfort all the way	I have been a frequent guest at the Marriott Renaissance Dubai. As always the service is excellent. I like the atmosphere throughout the Hotel. I have been to other luxurious Hotels in Dubai, I find however that the attention to detail and service continuous to bring me back to the Renaissance Dubai.Bill Vangool Ottawa Canada	
Dec 4 2008 	Exceptional Service at the Renaissance Dubai	This was a trip of a lifetime for me, having been invited by friends attending a convention there. I contacted the property direct for reservations and information regarding my trip. The Director of Sales, Vladimir Dabbah, was exceptionally helpful even arranging transportation from the Airport to Hotel knowing I was traveling alone to meet my friends. I must say, from my arrival to my much too early departure, the entire staff at this hotel were kind, attentive and very professional. Everyone greeted me daily and the valet staff, always friendly, would secure a cab for me knowing I was out to explore the City. The hotel was conveniently located with everything being a short cab ride away. The accomodations at this hotel were impressive, clean and very comfortable. I greatly enjoyed my King sized bed after a long day out. All in all this hotel with it's magnificent staff ensured my trip was what I fully expected and most of all memorable. I will be returning to the Renaissance Dubai should I have another opportunity to return to this great City.	
Dec 3 2008 	Relaxing refreshing rejuvenating	My job description requires me to luckily travel and experience qulaity 5 star hotels. I can blindly say that my Dubai experience becomes more colorful when I know that I will be staying at the Renaissance Dubai. Innovative designs, a colorful wide lobby area, exquisite food menu options that can fit all tastes and most importantly the family atmosphere that just makes that hotel so heart warming. I never thought I will be loyal to one hotel, but Renaissance Dubai proved me wrong.	
Dec 2 2008 	Nice Place to Stay	I had a great time in Dubai. The hotel was exceptionally good with its friendly staff and comfortable beds. A very luxurious time I had for what it was worth. The hotel is at a decent taxi-ride distance away from all the neccessary places to see. Plenty great restaurants in the surroundings as well.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Hospitality	I am very much impressed that all staff gave me great hospitality to make my stay very enjoyalbe and comfortable. I have been facing a problem to be back to Bangkok. All staff are willing to assist me to ensure my stay comfortable. November is really peak season here in Dubai but staff are always helpful. All staff in Front, F&amp;B, Housekeeping are helping a lot. I'm sure staff in all departments enjoy working here and make guests happy and feel comfortable always. I am also working in other Marriott property, so I learnt new things through my stay here in Renaissance Dubai. I really want to express my thoughtful thankness to all staff. I am sure you will keep great service and hospitality to ensure guets stay very pleasant and enjoyable. I feel very much at home here in Dubai. Thank you very much and I hope I will have a chance to be back to Dubai near future.	
Nov 27 2008 	Lovely start to our honey moon	We stayed at the Renaissance in Dubai for a night en route to our honey moon in the Seychelles. The hotel staff was very friendly and professional, the check-in, room service and check out were very effiicent. The rooms were very spacious, beautifully decorated and well kept. The location of the hotel was reasonably close to the airport and not far from the city's main attractions. Our short stay was perfect and a wonderful and relaxing start to our honey moon.	
Nov 11 2008 	Decent Hotel Decent Restaurant	Stayed here just for 2 nights on a stopover before heading to Africa. I had to get to the US Consulate to have extra pages added before continuing on our journey. The hotel is not located in a beach location, but in the middle of the city. It is easily accessible by taxis. We had the hotel limo meet us at the airport. They provided excellent and prompt service to/from the airport and hotel. The hotel is not overly fancy, but is quite clean, modern, and comfortable. The main restaurant for breakfast was quite adequate, although I wouldn't say it was the best I've ever had. The concierge desk was able to arrange for a private driver and car to take us on a tour of the city and he did just that. I would stay here again if I had to overnight at the airport. It is only 10 minutes from the terminal and their limo service is reasonably priced and quite efficient.	
Oct 21 2008 	A home away from home	Every time I go to Dubai I stay at the Renaissance Hotel in Deira. The staff treats me in such a friendly and warm way that I feel at home away from home. It is almost like coming home after a long trip. The airport pick-up is worth a million because one avoids the long queues at passport control. The drive to the hotel with a limousine just lets you feel like a king or queen.The rooms are cosy &amp; clean and the king size bed is so cuddly that it is hard to get up in the morning. During some stays I was upgraded to a suite and enjoyed the lavish life in two rooms with two bathrooms. The club loung was just refurbished and greets with a warm and friendly atmoshpere and a very good american breakfast. The restaurant &quot;Spice Island&quot; has an incredible variety of food originating from lots of different countries. The quality is superb! Every Friday/Saturday it is packed. So make a reservation before you go or go early.The pool and pool area is not great but there is the chance to drive to a private beach at Jumeira, which is as good as staying at a beach hotel.The service is really incredible! Everyone is friendly and still very efficient. Every single problem (small or big) is solved on the spot. One is usually greeted/addressed by name. That makes you really feel special. If you dial the telephone number &quot;At your service&quot;, it is always answered very friendly and the service is fast and efficient. It did not even take the Laundry Service 5 minutes to pick up my clothes from the room after I had made the call.When I leave the hotel the last day, I actually do not want to check out but I know that I will come back. Definitely! The problem with this great experience is, that a stay at any other hotel in any other country can only be disappointing!Try it because you will love it!	
Oct 16 2008	Great friendly hotel	I am a Captain with British Airways crew as well as being the company hotel rep. I had narrowed the number of hotels down for the crews to 3 and finally chose the Renaissance. We have been staying there for 18 months now and hardly get any complaints.The rooms are nice, and clean. The staff are very friendly and the bars/restauarants top quality - a very good move.Lynn	
Sep 11 2008 	Good hotel	Location: close to the airport, nice when avoiding the traffic jam. Not too far from the Old City/Dubai creek. Shopping malls close by.Check-in: Friendly staff and no issues when checking in early. Elite status recognized.Room: Rooms are in the smaller side, but bed is very comfortable and clean. Complimentary water provided as well as bathrobes and slippers. Internet is NOT complimentary. Sufficient TV channels catering to all most major languages and taste.Breakfast: Very good offering and quality. For those who can't miss pork, these can be ordered per request. Good service and efficient.Lounge: Newly renovated lounge. Good breakfast spread, less than in restaurant. Friendly staff and very good evening cocktails. Internet is free for the first 15mins, new lounge has WiFi. Reading materials are limited. Can be crowded during breakfast and evening cocktails.Poolside: Pool area showing its age, but nonetheless still good. On a clear day, there is a view of the Burj Dubai, other than that, not much scenery. Due to the close proximity to the airport, noise from the plane can be disturbing to some.Overall: A good hotel for the money. It is a bit outdated compared to the Marriott down the road, but still good enough as a Renaissance. All staff at the hotel are very friendly and helpful.Warning: Be careful when taking the taxi to the airport even if it was ordered through the concierge. I was provided with a &quot;private&quot; taxi. Luckily I knew the approx. fare to the airport, so I did not get ripped off. Make sure that it is an official &quot;Dubai Taxi&quot;.	
Aug 28 2008 	First Class All The Way!	Reading reviews about the hotel and going to Dubai in August had put me off slightly before I even got on the plane. Being a teacher this was the best time for myself and boyfriend to take a holiday. The weathter did not have an effect on our holiday. From the moment we arrived we were treat like royalty. We had arranged for the hotel to pick us up at the airport as we were arriving early in the morning. We were met by a hotel representative as we got off the plane. He collected our bags for us while we went through passport control and then took her to our car, a BMW. Arriving at the hotel we noticed some scaffolding in the lobby, there are some renovations taking place over the next few months but this did not affect our stay. We had booked a club room, which is well worth it for the price, breakfast is included, all soft drinks, arabic sweets (a must try) and tea/coffee during the day and small nibbles between 6-9 and alcohol are included every day in the price. The room was spacious and cleaned every day by staff. Maybe not as modern as other hotels but we had no complaints, it felt homely and comfortable. Robes and slippers are included in a basic room also and small gifts were left every day for us, choclates on pillows, fruit basket, free bottled water and arabis dates. The hotel staff were wonderful, always checking to see if we were having an enjoyable time. We stayed at the hotel for 2 weeks. A shopping mall is close by and taxi's are so cheap and available whenever you need them. We did all the traditional tourist stuff while we were there, desert safari, dhow cruise, day at the beach with sister hotel Dubai Marine Club and Spa,city tour, cocktails at the Burj Al Arab. All trips except Burj Al Arab were booked through the hotel when we arrived. It was sad to come home, the staff were so friendly and made our trip unforgettable. The bars and restaurants within the hotel are excellent and a wide variety of food is available to suit everyone's needs. This is definately a hotel I would stay at again if visiting Dubai.	
Aug 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Great Hotel in Dubai, great beds, very clean, very polite staff. Has a pool and garage parking. About the only thing to fault the hotel for is that the room we had had two double beds (party of 3, spouse and teenager), which we found were rather small after sleeping in a king size at home, plus squeezing the two beds in to the room we had left little empty space. Only had a late snack at Harry's Place so unable to critique the other restaurants. Harry's place was good, hamburger was large, Mexican Wrap was filling and beer was in a good size glass. If making a reservation on line be prepared to pay an extra 10% each for Service Charge and Municipal Fees on check out unless you've verified the online rate is inclusive. There is an internet connect charge. Hotel can be a bit hard to find if driving oneself (if coming from under the creek tunnel, take a right at the first roundabout after the Hyatt, then go down to the roundabout with two fish statues in the center, take the left road and the Hotel will come into view relatively soon, on your left. During the weekday it may be a pain trying to go to Emirates Mall (or anywhere for that matter) due to all of the construction going on and the incredible traffic (the Hotel is fairly far from the Emirate Mall).	
Jul 21 2008	Very nice hotel	Excelent hotel. Comfortable beds. Very clean. Exceptionally helpful staff. Nice pool. Spice Island buffet is truly outstanding - don't miss it!	
Jul 6 2008 	Great place for the price	A wonderful hotel for the price. I booked thru Hotels.com, and while that was easy to do, I had to deal with ensuring I wasn't double-billed once I was at the hotel. The staff did a superb job ensuring the paperwork was correct. Staff was extremely friendly. As far as I know, all the rooms are non-smoking, which was awesome for me...being a non-smoker, I can smell a room that has been smoked in in the first few seconds of opening the door. King size bed, premium bedding - had two down comforters on the bed, one to lay on and one for cover. Shower was awesome, strong water pressure which is always a plus. The hotel has four different resturants and a couple of bars. Centrally located within the city. Great service, friendly staff - I travel frequently and this was probably the nicest hotel I've stayed in over the last couple of years - actually, it was nice enough that I took the time to write this review, which is the first time I've ever done that. Oh yeah, room service 24 hours a day!	
Jun 4 2008 	Unilateral Decision	Firstly, the general staff were exceptional; they couldn't do enough and were exceedingly friendly. The hotel itself was what one would expect: very well presented; perfectly maintained.Unfortunately, the reception staff's performance ranged the continuum from ineffective to terse. I arrived in Dubai at 0800 to find that a unilateral decision had been made to book me in for the previous night in order to accommodate my early arrival; in no way did I authorise the extra night's accommodation. I informed the staff that my intent was to use the morning to have a look around Dubai and that there was no way I expected to check in six hours early. Thay informed me they had &quot;never heard of anyone doing that&quot; and proceeded to blame AsiaTravel (who in turn blamed the hotel). Regardless of the fact I had a copy of the email confirming my dates, it took reception staff over ten hours to rectify the situation. Each of three reception shifts took turns assuring me the situation would be taken care of...It would be amiss of me not to point out that the Renaissance Dubai offered me a free upgrade the next time I pay to stay there.No doubt so I can enjoy the same exemplary service???	
Apr 3 2008	Nice - but "definitely NOT" 5 Star	As other reviews state, this hotel is one of the &quot;older&quot; US chain properties. Pleasant &amp; nice &amp; clean, but nothing even remotely approaching 5 Star. And, like the usual drill for US hotel chains, they confuse the fact that upgrading the lobby &amp; public areas, &amp; throwing in some new bedding, etc. in the rooms, &quot;does not&quot; qualify to retain a 5 Star ranking. This is not unique to Marriott, since it is standard operating procedure for all US chain hotels which are often some of the first to open in new &quot;hot&quot; spots like Dubai. The Sheraton Creekside &amp; Radisson are the same. Dubai is a location flush with &quot;true&quot; 5 star properties, so don't waste your money on the Renaissance (or Sheraton, Radisson, Crown Plaza etc). Once you leave the public areas of The Renaissance it is a &quot;standard issue anytown USA&quot; hotel. Small bathrooms, sliding door closets as your enter, with some newer furniture. The housekeeping is great, etc., but that does not change the &quot;fact&quot; that this is an OLD, WORN, where any renovation money has been spent on the public areas. IF you are using points to stay here like we did, then bingo, you are home free &amp; it's worth it. But to actually pay a 5 Star price to stay here would boggle the mind. Spend your money at true 5 Star properties which are all over Dubai. Don't waste your money staying in a typical US chain property that has simple seen some comestic upgrades. I agree that the location is good &amp; will only improve once the new metro line is completed, which runs right in front of the hotel. Just 3-4 blocks directly behind the hotel is the Deira area which is lined with pleasant restuarants. In fact, the Marriott, only 10 minutes walking distance from The Renaissance is a factually better hotel.	
Mar 1 2008 	Location Location Location	I stayed at this hotel for a week and found it to be very pleasant. Good rooms and very friendly staff. the Spice Island restaurant is excellent and well worth a visit.	
Feb 18 2008 	Solid 5* In a Good Location	My wife and I stayed here for an extended stay in Feb 08. The hotel is one of the 'older' (for Dubai) 5* properties, but is in excellent condition and very clean.Location is good; a short ride from the airport, near the JW Marriott in the Muraquabat section of DXB (across from the police station). Some shopping nearby - 15 min walk to Gurrair Mall; but probably need a cab for most trips (esp in summer). No problems getting a taxi (5/6 minute max wait; usually within a minute or 2). Getting a taxs can be a major headache in Dubai, so availability is a major plus.Reception efficient and very friendly/curteous. Guest services very helpful for gifts, information, etc., during our stay.Room on 2nd floor average size. Had a comfortable king sized bed, several pillows and a nice comforter. Two smal chairs, desk with chair, small table, several magazines/tourist books. Older TV with good selection in English, Arabic, German, French, etc. Nice bathroom with usual amenities, inlcuding terry cloth bathrobes and slippers.The room was clean and service efficient and unobtrusive. There are a couple of excellent buffet restaurants - Spice Island (general buffet) and Sails (seafood). Highly recommended for a reasonable price. The bar/club was also nice; has a section for cigar smokers, pool table and an OK band for dancing. No noise problems in the room.The outdoor pool (on the 5th floor, I think) and exercise room are adequate. Overall a good, solid choice. Not the newest or flashiest, but very clean and with a friendly, helpful staff that tries hard to make your stay enjoyable.	
Jan 25 2008 	Good functional place to stay if ambiance is not important	If you want a convenient location, good service and a nice place to stay , this hotel is a good option. But it is not in the league of other 5 star beach/resort properties along the Jumeira beach in Dubai, but very comfortable and functional for a business or short shopping stay. The best about the hotel is the staff, who is always ready to help with cheery attitude. And the concierge level service is far better than anywhere in the US at the chain's properties. The food offered at the lounge was outstanding throughout the day so one would not necessarily has to go out to eat.	
Jan 13 2008 	Good hotel but didn't feel it was exceptional	Stayed a couple of days for a short break in Dubai. Hotel was able to offer and arrange complimentary car transfers to and from the hotel which was very convenient and appreciated. The hotel is in an urban location near Deira and a 15mins ride from the airport. Stayed in a Club Room - soft drinks, small snacks and breakfast included in room price. This was good value and well worth having. The snacks are nothing amazing: bits of fruit, pastries and Middle Eastern sweet pastries. They were okay - certainly could do worse! In terms of decor, it was clean and well maintained though very 1980s. Basically, it does the job as a good branded hotel. It's quite a long way to the beaches by car/taxi from the hotel so it's more appropriate for a business/urban stay.	
Dec 26 2007	Greatly Exceeded my expectations	I stayed at this hotel during part of my stay while meeting my husband in Dubai. I travled with a friend who was also meeting her husband, we arrived the day before our husbands. I was aprehensive about staying at a hotel in the middle east w/out my husband. However, when my friend and I arrived we found the hotel to be beautiful and we felt safe. The room was nicely appointed and the bed was honestly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. I wish I could have brought it home with me!!! The restaurants were excellent and the have a nice rooftop pool. The only drawback is the hotel is not in walking distance to any of the major tourist attractions in Dubai. However, taxi fares are reasonable. I was extremely pleased with this hotel and highly recommend it! :). Hope this is helpful.	
Dec 18 2007 	Clean comfortable good location	This hotel is located fairly close to the airport. Fairly long taxi ride to Juneriah Beach but you are in the heart of Deira where the gold souk and town centre are located. Staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and clean with a decent bathroom. I booked with Marriott points so the hotel was great as it did not cost a penny!	
Nov 16 2007 	Nice hotel but not worth the price	5-star hotel. Service was good. Food in restaurants was good but expensive. Check in/out process was quick and good. Tourist info was helpful. I only stayed 2 nights. The bed and pillows were great. Rooms were average size and there seemed to be nothing special other than a nicely tiled bathroom and nice bed. I expected a lot more from a 5-star hotel. Good location. Very close to the airport and to shopping centers. Free shuttle to City Centre shopping center, which is where city tour originates.I didn't like the fact that high speed internet was fee based. The fee was about 40 Dhm ($12) per hour. Isn't the price of the room high enough? I redeemed Marriott Rewards points so I didn't pay money for my stay. I've stayed in hotels that were just as nice for half the price. Even Marriott hotels. My experience here was good and nothing bad happened. But had I paid regular rates, I would be disappointed.	
Oct 23 2007 	Liked Renaissance Dubai	Nice stay at Renaissance. Central location and near airport. Small clean room, great large pool, no iron or board in room - must call and request, pool bar never opened when at pool, nice selection of restaurants, complimentary dates and coffee served in lobby, great bell staff. Not much else to say - very pleasant visit.	
Sep 15 2007 	Not convinced...	Stayed there for a one night stopover in September 2007. It is located relatively close to the airport. Room was nice, clean and equipped with all you need. Service was friendly and breakfast excellent. The lobby is spectacular, ranging in height over several floors, and all rooms are entered from balconies inside that big hall. Great design, but the downside is exactly that - all the noise from the hall goes straight into the room. There are several bars, restaurants and even a place with live music in the hall, so be prepared to have the noise in your room until early morning (when they finally finish cleaning the bars, moving chairs and tables around etc.). Not for those of us who need their sleep. Solution to this would be simple and not too costly: Similar to many hotels, an extra door between bedroom and entrance area (where the wardrobe is located and the door opens to the bathroom) would help to keep out the noise from the hall.	
Aug 8 2007 	A great place to stay!	My husband, 3 year old daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights in the Club room. I booked through asiarooms and got a great price. We checked in late- about 1am and were greeted with friendly efficient service. We were allocated a roomy, comfortable and modern room which was a delight! It was quiet on the 9th floor- I heard no noise from the windows- were double-glazed. We arrived to a plate of fruit and complimentary water. There was the usual extras in the bathroom- the aromatherapy kind! There was bath salts for the huge bath, use of robes and a bidet. The pool was outside on the 4th floor, with a separate pool for young children, and a spa. Breakfast was from 6am in the club lounge, however, the 'hot' food was not always appetising. There was the usual cereal, fruit, toast and croissants etc. The best part was probably the cocktail evenings, where you have complimentary beer, wine and spirits. The only negative we encountered was the very soft pillows and mattress which was due to the duck feathers! Once we removed the quilt of feathers from beneath the bottom sheet and used the more comfortable pillows, we were alright!As for airport transfers, the cost is far greater than a taxi- according to reception! They also recommended we change our money at the airport in future, something good to know! I also heard that the Euro is accepted in many places in Dubai. I did not get to eat in the acclaimed Spice Island Restaurant- we ate heaps during our cocktails in the lounge! But I heard lots of positive comments from other guests. All-in-all, I can highly recommend this fine hotel which has well-trained staff!	
Apr 13 2007 	Great Stay at the Renaissance	Just back from a 10 day stay at the Renaissance, and what can i say? It was brill. My husband and I took our 7 and 10 year old children for an Easter break. I had already read great reviews about this hotel, but was still a bit wary until we got there. We booked directly with the hotel and got a room on the 6th floor with access to the club lounge and also a club reception.Arrived approx. 8am (Dubai time), so we were travelling overnight. Were greeted by our driver at the airport and after a 15 minute drive we arrived at the hotel. Location is in the heart of the bustling city but with cheap taxis readily available no distance is too far. Having already visited Dubai, 2 years previous, I have noticed the traffic has increased quite considerably.Arriving just before 9am, we weren't expecting to get into our room much before 3pm but were pleasantly surprised to have our rooms ready within an hour. Had breakfast and then got into the room. Room was quite small as there were 4 of us, but for 2-3 it would have been adequate. To be fair, I think they accomodated us, as we were having difficulty finding any hotel that could have us all in one room within our budget.Pool is located on the 4th floor, and the kids were totally happy with it. There was a separate childrens pool but wasn't necessary as they can both swim. Pool staff were extremely courteous and helpful at all times.Although we had access to the Club Lounge for a continental style breakfast, we soon discovered the main lounge for all types of breakfast, which suited all of us better.Even though this hotel may be used for Business purposes we found it most pleasant. We seemed to be the only family staying with children, but that meant that our children had the run of the pool!! All hotel staff were very pleasant and couldn't do enough for us.This has got to be one of the best hotels we have stayed in and would definitely recommend it to anyone of any age.	
Mar 24 2007 	Home away from home	I stayed at the hotel for 10 days while on a business trip. A bit out of the way from the business district but very easy to get around by taxi. The hotel is extremely comfortable with a great breakfast and good restaurants. The hotel pool is absolutely wonderful and there is a full workout room with steam/sauna for both men and women. The pool staff is extremely helpful and always there when needed. The Renaissance has beach priveledges with the Dubai Marina and Beach Club. For a small fee take them up on it as it is a great way to spend the day or a few hours. We were in Dubai for business but the atmosphere is so warm and inviting. Restaurants to visit are Noodles in The Emerates Tower, India and Buda Bar in Grovenor House and of Course Ritz Carlton, Le Meridien and Mina A Salam hotels all of which serve exquisite meals and great ambiance. The rooms are comfortable and well taken care of by the hotel attendants. The beds as usual are very comfortable. Only complaint and a small one was the cost of internet service. I booked three rooms as some of my staff traveled with me. Internet was approx $30 U.S./day times 3 rooms at 10 days. Otherwise this place is a great stay and reasonably priced. Enjoy your stay in Dubai and enjoy this hotel. It will be a good starting point to explore and find the many other places to visit on your next trip!	
Mar 13 2007	Perfectly functional and comfortable.	This is a very decent business hotel fairly close to the airport in Dubai. I arrived at 8am after an overnight flight and the courteous check-in staff made every effort to allow me to have a room straight away. The room is just what I expect from a Marriott hotel - spotlessly clean, fairly spacious and with a very comfortable bed. Two bottles of water are offered with the hotel's compliments each day. Another pleasant factor was the good water pressure in the shower, always a plus. I had to change rooms owing to some nearby noise on day 1 but again the staff were more than happy to help and a quieter room was found within half an hour. It probably would have been faster still had I not asked to change at midday, when many rooms are still being cleaned. Brunch at the Spice Island restaurant was very filling: 121 dirhams for all the food I could eat including Indian, Chinese, Mexican, Lebanese and sushi plus good lentil soup and flatbread, some great desserts and an endless supply of various fruit juices and mineral water. Great if you're hungry which I certainly was and pretty good quality food as well. The swimming pool area (4th floor) was very well looked after and quite a comfortable place to spend an afternoon. The bars (Harry's Place &amp; Tiki Bar) close at 2am but serve last orders at 1.30am. Both are fine but neither is particularly interesting and better locations are to be found elsewhere in Dubai. Meanwhile there is a new shopping mall 5 minutes walk down the street and next to it is Marks &amp; Spencer. A taxi ride to the considerably larger City Centre Shopping was only about 10 dirhams - beware when getting cabs from this mall when you have done your shopping, however, as there is only one place to get them and often quite a long queue. Slightly classier hotels in Dubai carry even higher price tags than the Renaissance (seemingly no hotel in Dubai has rates for the budget traveller) but this one is perfectly adequate with pleasant staff and its location makes getting to the airport a relatively short journey in the morning. Full marks.	
Mar 8 2007	Lived up to expectations	Very good in all respects. Particularly impressed by no fuss way very early check-in handled after a long overnight flight. Staff smiling and courteous. Most comfortable hotel bed ever.	
Feb 10 2007 	Vert good place to stay	I stayed in this hotel for two nights in a club room. It was such a great experience that i recommend to everyone.The hotel have the conference rooms in the ground floor, the lobby is in the upper floor, and six floors for rooms. The club is on the sixth floor. The bed room is very well equipped and it contains everything you need to enjoy your stay. The matress and pillows are soo much relaxing. This is one of hotels i really enjoyed staying in. The bath room is spacy and fitted with a big tub. Amenities are complete, you don't need to pick up the phone and order anything. The club lounge is small and it is fitting barely 6 tables, they would have considered having a bit bigger room as it get crowded in the happy hours and the breakfast. The happy hour is between 6:30 and 8:30. You can have snack and drinks as much as you want. The swimming pool looks nice but didn't try it as it was raining the time i was there.One the most important restaurants to visit is SPICE PLATINUM. A 7 in one cuisine where you can eat all your stomac can afford. cuisines are Chineses, Japanese, Mongolean, Italian, Indian, Thai, Mexican. Most of the food is live cooking. Rates for this restaurant are 140 AED for softdrinks and goes higer for other drinks. Personally i recommend the Mongolean section with Lobsters.	
May 21 2006 	Realy enjoyed staying at the Renaissance	Excellent Hotel near the Airport and city centre. The place to stay unless you want the beach which is about 40 minutes away by taxi depending on traffic. A short taxi ride to the Dowe Warf, Creek and the Soulks. The most friendly and helpful staff you could find. The restaurants are absolutley superb and reasonably priced. The Spice Island Restaurant is not to be missed even if you are not staying in this hotel. For about Eur35 equivelent you can enjoy the most exciting and varied buffet you could imagime with dishes from Mexico, Italy, Japan, China, Mongolia to name a few. Harrys Place is a Bar serving all drinks and a Bar food menu. We got a late booking deal on the internet so enjoyed superb value for money. There is just nothing more this Hotel could do for you. They go out of their way to be of every service they can. I highly reccomend the Renaissance. If it is a city Hotel you want look nowhere else. The is a Shopping Mall just across the street. However the big ones are Taxi ride away. Taxis are always available at the hotel, they are clean, in very good condition, air consitioned in all cases and cheap.	
Apr 6 2006	Loved the Ipod Music in the Limo and the Mariott Rewards Loyalty program	We spent 3 nights at the Renaissance Dubai Hotel, the Service was fantastic, very cool and friendly staff...they took excellent care of our kids, the Kids had a great time. The Food was delicious, The Spice Island Restaurant is amazing (all you can eat and Drink) with live cooking, you can go for two days without eating after a meal in spice Island. The Pool great we spent a lot of time there and we even got a chance to go to the private beach they are associated with. great hotel will definately be going back on my next business trip to dubai ... dont forget to ask for your marriott rewards points.	
Nov 4 2005	Renaissance Hotel Dubai	Three nights 31 OCT-3 NOV during Ramadan. Excellent hotel with very friendly staff, room (Deluxe with king bed) quite ok, very clean, the hairdrier in the bathroom not very convenient (usual wall mounted hotel type), otherwise ok. Internet connection in the room for laptop (didn't use this time), Wi-Fi in the lobby, there are three PCs in the business centre on the lobby floor for the ones without laptop,minimum charge 40Dhs for 30mnts. Nice buffet breakfast for 72Dhs in the Spice Island restaurant, there is also Buffet dinner - good choice of different kitchens for Dhs156 including wine and basic liquers. It was quite full but we got a good table immediately as hotel residents. Hotel organizes transport to Marina Beach Club, costs 50Dhs per person, we got Mercedes with a driver who took usthere at 11am and brought back to hotel at 4pm, was quite ok except there beach was tiny and not very clean with some kind of docks next to it. A few shopping malls within a walking distance from the hotel, otherwise a short taxi drive to bigger ones. I asked a few things hotel staff in the lobby, like where to go for shopping etc. and found their answers proved to be very accurate and informative,generally all the hotel staff we met were very nice and there is a good atmosphere. Airport transport is free (about 10 mnts drive). Would recommend this hotel to anybody who is not particularly looking for the beach kind of holidays (there is a swimming pool whichlooks quite ok - didn't have time to use it)	
Dec 20 2004	Fond Memories of Renaissance Dubai Hotel	Memories of Renaissance Dubai HotelIt was early this year when we experienced the professionalism of highest order, during our stay with the majestic Renaissance Dubai Hotel between February 19–21, 2004. The occasion was the 3RD International Convention of So~Safe Water Technologies, which this grand hotel hosted for three days. Almost 50 delegates from around 26 countries enjoyed the luxuries and extra personal care which was accorded to them by the diligent and ever smiling staff of this reputed hotel. Being the Convention Director I was heavily entrusted to extend personalized care to these international delegates who were true business professionals and frequent travelers and at times these kind of people maintain certain egos, when it comes to timings, behaviors and handlings, but thanks to God my job was made lot more easier by the proficient and smart front office team, agile room service squad and cheerful restaurant staff, who I always found walking extra miles to serve this big group of ours. I found myself short of words to thank the superb display of professionalism, Renaissance people extended to us and very specially I would like to register my gratitude to the ever helpful and ever smiling Sales Manager Mr. Jan Siddiqui and the extremely courteous Event Co-coordinator Ms. Marilou Domalaon, who despite of being in final days of her pregnancy, used to run down to our venues, just to ensure that happenings are smooth and logistics are in order. Being a professional event manager I have had many experiences with hotels in more than 15 countries, but I can very safely state that this kind of generosity still remains to be matched. I am certain that any hotel or service industry for that matter could take due pride in engaging such a bunch of talented individuals and be proud of the philosophy which prevails in Renaissance Dubai Hotel. Salman A. SiddiquiConvention Director-2004salman@sosafe.net	
Dec 12 2004	Builders in	Just come back from 5 days at the Renaissance.Dissappointed that two of the main restaurants were closed for alterations ( due back mid December )A suite was booked which turned out to be just two standard rooms back to back with an interconnecting door.Staff in the private club lounge were less than attentive, we chose to use the main Sails restaurant where the food was more varied and warmer.I class this as a business hotel for the short stay, its under the flight path from the airport, but this was only noticeable when at the pool.Not up to the standards of the Jumeirah Beach Hotels or the other business hotels on Sheik Zaid Rd.	
Oct 19 2004	Wonderful!	I stayed at The Renaissance in July 2003 and had a wonderful time. We were passing through for only 24 hours and a really helpful guy called Keith in Customer Relations at the airport gave us a seat and a coffee and found us this great place for the night.The pool is lovely and the hotel is beautiful. Its all air conditioned, but not to that uncomfortable freezing point I have previously found in hotels. The snack bar/pub is great and I had one of the nicest Ceaser Salads there!We are back in Dubai soon staying at the Fairmont, but only due to it being closer to the beach and the R being full.You can safely book this hotel - no noise, nice food, clean and friendly. Complimentary pick up and drop off at the airport. More of a town hotel than beach but beware of the beach as I hear it is a construction zone in some places!!!	
Sep 21 2004	very nice spice isalnd	stayed here for 8 nights loved great service try out the spice island for meals it was brill	
Aug 14 2004	Excellent service good hotel	I stayed at the Renaissance Hotel in Dubai for three nights. I thought the service excellent in all respects and the propert was pretty good too.As with most hotels in Dubai I was given a complimentary transfer from the airport. A member of staff met me even before I had gone through passport control and greeted me. He then took me to the hotel's airport desk where I was given a bottle of ice cold water - just what I needed. The staff told me that unfortunatly the transport for my transfer was delayed and so they would arrange a taxi for me which the hotel would pay for.I stayed in on the Club floor which meant I had access to the CLub Lounge. The lounge itself was small but the staff were friendly and attentive. The breakfasts were ok but not great - but the snacks in the evening time were excellent including sample dishes from the Asian themed restarant in the hotel.I am not sure if my room on the club floor was different to a standard but it was excellently furnished and ample size. Cleaning was always to a perfect standard and the bathroom was outstanding in size and facility. The pool area is up on the fourth floor and is ample size but is looking a little tatty with green decking. I didn't see the fitness rooms.The rest of the hotel was nicely decorated but the architecture is looking a little bit like 80s idea of futurism...not necesarily a bad thing.Of course the location of the hotel is no where near the beach but then it doesn't pretend to be a holiday hotel. It is a city centre business hotel and it does it very well.Of course the standard of hotel in Dubai is generally excellent anyway so I would have liked to have been able to compare the Renaissance with some others -- notably its sister hotel, the JW Marriott opposite -- but nontheless my stay there was very pleasent and I would certain recommend it.	
Aug 14 2004	Confortable		
Jan 20 2008 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Sep 11 2007	Bof !!!		
