Oct 27 2009 	Very good compared to other city hotels we have stayed at	We stayed here for 3 nights two weeks ago. A lovely hotel above the burjuman shopping centre. We arrived at 9am and were given a room straight away. A one bed classic apartment, very spacious. The staff were good and we were looked after.Breakfast was included in our rate at the Gallery, very modern boutique style seating area with a good selection. The kids were pleased to see they actually had kellogs coco pops.A very central location, very good for us but hated by the taxi drivers due to the traffic build up at peak timed. There is a metro station straight outside the shopping mall. Here you can take the train, for about 5-7 dirhams per person you can travel to areas like the mall of emirates which is close to the burj al arab and wild wadi. If you have children, the nearby Zabeel park is a must, lovely gardens and also a space centre (free entry) which will keep the kids occupied for a while. Coming back to the hotel, i would stay here again.	
Oct 17 2009 	A great place to break the journey to Australia	We feel we are too old to travel straight through from Europe to Australia so, flying Emirates, we wanted somewhere nice to spend the last night of our holiday, but we find the hotel prices in Dubai a bit scary or the reviews of cheaper places too daunting. So we got a really good deal on Expedia for this hotel, $482.76 AUD for two nights.We got a beautiful suite with full kitchen facilities, a washer and freezer as well as a fridge, and complimentary coffee making facilities. Great bathroom and a really comfy king sized bed. Probably one of the nicest modern hotels we have stayed at, though modern is not usually our style. It adjoins the Burjuman Mall which is full of the ritziest shops imaginable and has some nice cafes. A cab to the gold souk cost about 20dhs.Breakfast was magnificent. Just about anything you could want and, if that's possible, too many people serving you.Disadvantages. A quite hefty fee for internet use, so we didn't bother. I gather it is free wifi in the mall next door.Their restaurant is not licenced.We wanted a nice Italian or French restaurant nearby, in a hotel so we could have some wine with our meal. The young concierge was good at ringing local hotels to see what they had, but he really did not know of anything local except a nearby bar. I feel he could have at least had a list of the hotels from their local magazine, or suggested one of their own restaurants at another Rotana hotel where we could have gone via taxi. We ended up at the nearby hotel bar where we had a decent steak and poor wine quite cheaply, but it was not looking like a place to be late at night.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent Apartments Full of Features	Stayed in Oct for 3 nights along with friends and we were all very impressed. Great position for shopping,terrific breakfast,apartment large with plenty of space, well fitted out kichen and includes washing machine and dryer. The only complaint would be that there is no free internet.	
Oct 6 2009 	Suites exceeded my expectations	The suites were very clean and spacious and the decor was chic and contemporary. The housekeeping staff was very courteous and friendly so they get an A+. Unfortunately, I found the front desk staff to be lacking in the customer service area and very dry with guests. As other guest reviews have mentioned, I found that aed 120 for 24hrs to be a bit much for internet service and I frown at the fact that the staff will not suggest using one of the free hotspots in the adjacent mall with maybe the purchase of a cup of coffee if you only need it for an hour or two. They were also very inconsistent with their deposit amount for incidentals. When I first checked in they took aed 100 for the deposit which of course got eaten up by the internet time I had requested. I extended my stay two more nights through the same online booking service that I originally used. They then requested aed 500 for a deposit. As I am trying to figure out why this amount as I only had to pay 100 the first time around and going back and forth with the desk clerk, another guest that was being helped next to me told me that they took 200 from him for the deposit. ??? I enjoyed the rooms and all the amenities (with exception of internet fees) but did not care for the front desk staff. There are too many other hotels in Dubai, I think I will try another one next time.	
Jul 18 2009 	Best hotel I've ever stayed in	I stayed at the BurJaman Arjaan during a business trip to Duabi. It's by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are huge (bedroom, lounge, large bathroom, balcony) and extremely well equiped.The hotel has a great location; not far from the business district and well placed for sightseeing. It's linked to an upmarket mall which has designer shops and restaurants (at the far end of the mall are more conventional shops, chain restaurants etc.). Food at hotel restaurant was good.There are only two negative things I can say about the hotel, both are minor: Firstly, during check-in I was told there were no non-smoking rooms available despite the request on my booking, they offered to show me the room (I could smell the smoke from the corridor!) and after a bit of complaining (and to their credit I suppose) they found me a non-smoking room. Secondly, after asking for directions to the spice souk a helpful chap on reception gave me directions and told me it would be a 15 minute walk. 1 hour later (and in 40 degree heat!) I made it - get a taxi!).Would definately stay here again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Convenient location with spacious rooms	Room : Separate bedroom and dayroom, both spacious and comfortable. Dayroom had good desk, plenty of space to work and separate lounge area plus small kitchenette. Having the lounge plus the large mall on the doorstep made up for a lack of communal hotel areas. Bathroom spacious and well stocked. Room clean, bright and well kept throughout my stay. Kitchenette was washer/drier which is useful if you're on the road a while. Room service friendly and helpful, as were all the staff at reception, concierge etc. Internet : Expensive and an unnecessary annoyance. It's one of my pet gripes since it costs them virtually nothing and many hotels give it free now. Wouldn't stop me staying there, through. Anyway, if you go to Gloria Jean's in the mall you get an hour's free wi-fi with any hot beverage, and also the Dome restaurant at the lower ground, far end of the mall offers free wi-fi. In the end I realised it was a better way to work, taking a break from the room/office and getting a good coffee. Fitness : As a guest you have free use of the fitness centre in the mall. Lots of equipment but the place is very busy and somewhat manic. Actually it's not a problem, but if you get used to hotels where you virtually have the place to yourself with personal attendants it brings you back to reality. No complaints though. Convenience : The mall is extensive, ranging from the top-end outlets nearest to the hotel, and then to more affordable as you move to the other end. Lots of clothing outlets, lots of F&amp;B. Not in the least crowded. Unless you're hauling luggage, it you want a taxi, far better to go through the mall and get one from there. Lots of them, all metered and with air-con. The first Metro line is scheduled to open September 2009, the second in 2010. One of the two stations where the lines intersect is located at the end of the mall, doesn't get more convenient than that. If you go out the ground entrance far end of the mall, there's an air-con bus stop with a lot of routes including to Gold Souk. One of the City tour Big Bus stops is in front of the mall near the taxi rank. Nearby : Ate at a really good Indian restaurant called 'Gazebo', just a few minutes by taxi but probably a little far to walk in the hot/humid season. Taxi drivers don't really know it, reference point is the Manhattan Hotel. Most (all?) F&amp;B outlets in the mall don't serve alcohol (nor does Gazebo). If you want a few beers, the Rock Bottom Cafe is across the road from the mall, sports bar with reasonable food and beer, pool tables, evening music, etc. . Would I go back? Yes.	
Jun 23 2009 	one of my best hotels in Dubai	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights, I really liked it.It is clean, luxuries and spacious suites.The location is great in Bur Dubai, and it’s directly connected to Burjuman Shopping Center, which have a lot of luxury shops.The only disadvantage is that the internet is not free.	
May 26 2009 	When are we going back?	My family (2 adults &amp; 2 Kids) stopped in Dubai on our way to Malta, to break up the trip.I'm so glad we stayed for 7 nights. When we go back, we will stay for much longer.The Hotel we stayed in was fantastic. We stayed on the 22nd floor of the Hotel. The room was serviced daily. The room was spacious. Upon booking I advised there would be 2 kids travelling, however upon arrival, we had to call for an extra bed. House keeping brought it up straight away. The Hotel is joined with the beautiful Burjuman Shopping Centre. We had everything within an easy walking distance &amp; in airconditioning. The heat &amp; 2 children were always a concern, but staying at this Hotel was the best thing we did. The pools are very safe, with life guards on duty throughout the entire day. Pools are very clean &amp; pool towels are provided poolside. An American breakfast was included in the cost of our booking &amp; we enjoyed every bit of it. The conceirge were ontop of their game. Whenever we need a taxi, or know something in particular, they always had one ready. I can't wait to return. This Hotel was called Burjuman Rotana Suites when we stayed, now it's called Burjuman Arjaan.	
Apr 17 2009 	family	very nice and big rooms, all that the family wants, but very poor on extra services and willing ness to do something for guest	
Apr 13 2009 	A very pleasant stay	Booked Burjuman Rotana thru Asia Travel and got a very good deal of AED620 for double room with breakfast. A few days before staying here we stayed at a similar star hotel - Ascot. That was fine but considering their prices are very similar with the same star rating, Burjuman Rotana is by far better. Room we stayed is superb Decors are all chic and convenient -tastefully decorated. Appropriate for long stay travels and one woudl feel living in one's own apartment. Bathroom is good size and all the linens are fresh crsip and new . Staff were very efficient from opening our taxi door welcoming us by our names to check in all the way to check out. Breakfast is recommended and the breakfast room is bright and welcoming. The pools are very attractive and not the sort of miniature little rooftop paddling pool like most apartments have in Dubai. There are 2 pools as a matter of fact. There is a Spa connected to the hotel and a Fitness First gym which guests can use free of charge. As for internet facilities- you have to pay. So I recommend pretend you're exercising and use Fitness First's free internet at the memebers' lounge - for as long as you like. You migh want to do a Yoga class whilst you're at it. :) Hotel is conencted to Burjuman - a very chic mall and your first few steps will take you to about a dozen restaurants to choose from for Lunch and dinner if the hotel breakfast has not filled you enough. Downside is that there is no outlet that serves relaxing drinks in the hotel as it is attached to a mall, and none of the mall reataurants do. Anyway, across the road, a short walk away through the Metro construction site is Rock Bootom at Regent's hotel. It is also best to get your taxi through Burjuman mall's taxi queue as there are not many available taxi passing through the hotel's foyer. Concierge calling a taxi can take a while. Some hotels provide courtesy airprot pick ups or buses to the beach and big malls. None were seen at this hotel. Maybe because it is attached to a big mall. Taxi is cheap in Dubai anyway and available in most places.Will stay here again next trip. Maybe will even try other Rotana hotels in Dubai.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great rooms - just don't use reception to get a taxi in a hurry	I stayed in both a deluxe and standard suites and they were clean, roomy and well appointed. The breakfast was excellent. A couple of downsides (although minor) are that the lifts are very slow and if you need a taxi, go through the Burjuman Mall and get one out the front. Organising a taxi through the concierge can take longer than 10 minutes. The internet charges were quite high (AED30 for 1 hour, AED120 for 1 day), although a couple of the coffee shops in the mall give you free internet (up to 1 hour) when you buy a coffee.	
Feb 26 2009 	Huge rooms top notch stay!!	As per previous reviewers I must agree that these rooms are huge!! I had a standard suite for 1 week in Feb and could not ask for more from the room. It had huge living room, kitchen and bathroom with 2 plasma TV's!! . Service was good although the concierge are not the best and even struggled to hail a cab etc at times. Location is fine for business use and 7 mins away in a cab from exhibtion hall etc but I would not recommend for tourists who want to be at the beach etc. One downside is there is no bar and I quite like a cold beer after a hard days work.	
Feb 9 2009 	Big as a house	Not my home, but this hotel and it largest normal rooms are amazing. Each floor of the hotel has one of there executive suites. In my pictures I had forgot to take pictures of the outside balcony. The balcony wraps around the entire outside of the living room area. The bedroom was standard sized of a hotel room and bathroom, but you get so much more. The full sized kitchen, breakfast bar, and dining table. Huge living room, powder room as you enter the suite. I will let the pictures tell the story. The gym downstairs opens every morning at 6 a.m. except on Friday ( 7 a.m. ) If you need a metered taxi, don't bother calling the front desk to call you one, because they can't seem to figure out how to get it done. Just walk yourself out of the front door and step onto the street and hail one yourself. The front desk staff was pleasant, and if you need detergent for you in suite washing machine, you just need to call housekeeping and they will bring you a box. Two free bottles of water are supplied each day and the fridge is full of pricey treats, but no alcohol in the Rotana. Enjoy.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Suites! Good facilities! Extra Bonus beside the Mall!	We stayed there for 4 nights. Very good expereience! The front desk is very helpful allow us to get our room much early then usual. Coz we arrived to Dubai with an early morning flight at 4:30am, we are extremely tired and desperatly want our room earlier than expected. (as you know a normal check-in time would be after 2pm). We understand it's not the responsibility for the hotel to accomodate our unusal early check-in. That's why we are muchly appreciated for their kindly help for allowing us to check-in to our room after a very short waiting time. Special thanks to Calvin/Kelvin!!!!!The suite is huge, got a Living Room, Kitchen w/cook-top, refregerater, washer &amp; dryer, dinning area, study area and a big bedroom. The only thing can complain is only got 1 bathroom in the bedroom. It would be prefect if there's an extra little washroom outside the bedroom. We also make good use of the kitchen in our suite. We made our New Year Eve dinner there. You just need to ask the housekeeping for the cooking pan and extra plate and cutlery. They will be more then happy to provide you. Buffet breakfast was included in our rate. Variety is good, hot &amp; cold plate, fruite, etc. They can custom make your egg too! Concierge service is not bad, but could be better. We ask couple new places but they don't have the idea. I think it's not only happened in this hotel. Maybe there's too many NEW things open and happening in Dubai every single day which the local people may not be able to catch up every minute. So, if you have something new places want to go, be sure to print out or at least some info on hand, otherwise, the Concierge may not help you on every cases.Located beside Burjuman Mall is a great asset to the hotel. We can go the Mall's foodcourt for lunch which help us to aviod big spending on restaurant on lunch. There's also a lot of big name stores in the Mall too. So, you can still have some places walk around after return to the hotel. The gym and swimming pool share with a fitness club at the mall. There's a lot reviews mentioned that they are confuse about the entrance. The hotel actually has a connection to the fitness club which don't need to step into the mall for entrance. You just need to go left after the door on the insturcted floor. There will be a stair almost at the end of the hall for you to go down and you are in the gym. However, the stair is hardly noticable, not until you walk through it. I think there's the reason that a lot of people can't find it accessable. There's also has 2 swimming pool, one is outside the fitness floor, more shadown water pool. I would say it's more for children or decoration. The other swimming pool entrance is locate on the second floor at the gym. you need to go to the 2nd floor, then they will have the sign to direct you. The gym also has FREE internet. I treat as a little gum. It's the facility for their club members but it also benefit for the hotel guest too, excellent!!!	
Oct 23 2008	Convenient	This hotel is very conveniently located, only 15 minute taxi ride from the airport and next to a big shopping mall, and office buildings. I would call this an luxary apartment / hotel suite rather than just a regular hotel. The lobby is so, so but the rooms are huge and fancy. The pictures of the rooms on the hotel website are quite accurate so I do not need to upload here. There is a kitchette plus washer/dryer combination. Excellant for extended stay. The view from the room balcony is great.The service is wonderful. The conciege was especially knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. All the hotel staff would greeted me with a smile and hi everytime they see me, Made me feel very welcomed when I stayed there. There is a huge shopping mall next door. The new wing of the mall is more expensive. The older wing is great and the food court there has great eats. Some reminders for people who plan to stay there. (1) Although there is internet access in the room, there is no business center in the whole hotel at all. If you intend to log onto internet often, make sure to bring your own computer; otherwise you may have to go to the internet cafe in the shopping mall, and can only log on when the internet cafe is open. NOT convenient at all. (2) there is no gym inside the hotel, you have to track to the fitness center in the shopping mall to exercise. (3) They have two room rates, one include breakfasts, the other not. Make sure they put it in writing. The receptionlist mistakedly told me that it is included when I checked in. I was surprised when I checked out that they added breakfast charge at USD$25 each day, ouch! If I knew, I would have just go to the food court in the mall next door. After about half-an-hour of negotiating, the hotel manager reversed part of the charges, Overall, great hotel with some minor issues. .	
Jul 26 2008 	Great Experience!	My family and my first reaction to the suite was the same, it’s huge! Everything was new and clean. The pictures on their website depicted the suite accurately. I have been going to Dubai for many years now and this has been one of the best rooms I have stayed in. It was more like living in an apartment than a hotel. The place is perfect if you are traveling with children. There was a kitchen with everything that you could need on a vacation: dish washer, full size fridge, washer/dryer, and stove top. Then there was a living room, dining area, office area, and bedroom. The place had two lcds’ and dvd players, one in the bedroom and the other in the living room. The bathroom was a little small in comparison to the rest of the suite. The hotel is directly connected to the Burjuman Shopping Mall which is very convenient. The only problem about the hotel is the location. If you are coming back during peak hours you will most definitely be stuck in a traffic jam. All in all, we had a great experience.	
Feb 11 2008 	excellent stay!	Absolutely exceeded our expectations! We stayed for 4 nights at the beginning of January and we couldn't have been happier. Booked a standard suite at 200 euro per night incl.breakfast which was excellent value . I especially loved the panoramic view (20th floor) but everything else was perfect too, modern, new ,clean and very spacious. What more can I say, the pictures in the website are very accurate and we weren't disappointed. The reception staff and also the bellman were always polite and eager to help (except for a very surly girl at reception desk but hey nobody's perfect..). We had just a minor inconvenient with our room key card that didn't work (twice) and wouldn't let us in but could easily fix it by contacting reception with the phone placed on the floor corridor . Could manage to have breakfast at the hotel just once (time difference prevented us to make it there in time!) and found it satisfying with a pretty good selection of fruits, juices, bread, pastries. Location is convenient too and we never had problems in finding taxies (which is still the best way to go around town cause they're cheap). Would I return to Burjuman Rotana suites ? Absolutely ! and I woudn't hesitate to recommending it to others. Well done Rotana!	
Jan 30 2008	Excellent design service can improve	My husband and I stayed at the Burjuman Rotana in Dubai right after Christmas 2007 and into the new year. I simply loved this hotel! it was extremely clean, new, luxurious and very modern. The location was also right in the centre of town and within walking distance to the creek.The staff was mostly attentive, although reluctant to provide assistance or go over and above for their guests. That was a disappointment.The hotel is attached to the Burjuman mall which provides a great avenue for shopping and more. The gym accesibility was quite confusing though - we never really figured out how to access the gym and pool, chose to spend our time elsewhere (although the facilities did look amazing!)I have to say in terms of the building itself, the free breakfast, location, amenities and the rooms - it was excellent. However, the service can definitely be improved upon.ps.. for tours and booking sightseeing events, there are a few better choices of tour operators in the attached Burjuman mall (cheaper than the hotel choices too!)	
Dec 30 2007 	Excellant room	Stayed at the Burjuman Rotana for Christmas 2007 (1st visit to Dubai). We upgraded to the Executive suite whilst booking (cost around £100 extra) and this was the best move. The room (no 1701) was a dream, the size, views, clean, it had everything, even a guest toilet, dishwasher, dryer, washing machine, 2 LCD TVs! The suits looked OK but the upgrade made the holiday. The location is in the town centre and it was walk able to the creek. If you want a beach holiday then this is no good. The new buildings going up and all the roadworks are everywhere, but we got no noise at all in our room. The roadworks make walking around very difficult and there is no bar in this hotel. It is located on top of a very nice and upmarket shopping centre. The included buffet breakfast was passable. Overall it was a very nice and clean hotel and the location is good if you want to be near the centre.	
Dec 21 2007	Pretty good experience	What can I say about the Burjuman Suites? Rooms are a great size, no complaints about the room at all. The breakfasts had an extensive selection and the waiting staff were very friendly and polite. The downside would have been the swimming pool was part of the Fitness First gym and access was sorta complicated! Plus there was no sun at the pool area after 9:30am - so not a place to stay if you want a tan! The tours/trips organised through the hotel were very expensive and not great quality and the drivers we had didnt speak a word of English! So book them on the internet before you go and save yourself some money.Was in UAE last year and things are a lot more expensive, but hardly a reason to badly rate the hotel. Go and enjoy the great location, the lovely mall next door, savour the heat and the great little cafe at the front of the Burjuman Mall - Paul's. The best food I had in all the time I was there and a great place to watch the world pass you by.	
Nov 27 2007 	What a shame. Horrible management of a nice hotel	We stayed in Burjuman Rotana Suites between 17- 23 November 2007. I must say that the management of hotel booking was horrible. I booked around 2 months in advance, and confirmed my booking both via email and through a representative in person the week before our arrival. Nonetheless when we came to check-in we were informed that they have cancelled our booking. We were shocked to hear such news and were asked to wait for a while. After more than half an hour we were told that they will reallocate us to a different hotel with the same facilities and room specification. The staff member who was handling our situation was mainly concerned about payment even before we were allocated to the new hotel, he was unprofessional as he tried to rush us into payment and didn’t even apologize for their mistake. We were rushed into a cab with our luggage, even though we had insisted that we will not consent the move to the other hotel before we view the room. To top things up, the receptionist was arguing with the cab driver regarding the fee while we were in the car, it was unbelievably unprofessional of him to argue about 5 AED. Our booking was made for a junior suite and the room they reallocated to us was a standard room in a hotel located in a cut off area, the reason I booked at Burjuman was size of the suite and convenient location which is near the conference I was attending and its attachment to the Burjuman mall. When we refused to take the room they had offered and threaten to complain the receptions finally connected us to the manger, even though we had asked to speak to them since initial check-in. We were informed that we would be given a junior suite at Burjuman on someone else’s expense, this was repeated several times.We were really disappointed with the treatment we received, as it took around 3 hours to allocate a room for us and no one even apologized and nothing was done to compensate for the ill treatment we received.	
Nov 24 2007	Hotel excellent Dubai expensive and rude!	Ok we arrived at the hotel very early, 6am, I had fore-warned them that we were arriving early and they had told me that they maybe able to have a room ready for us at 9am but could not guarantee it, but no note was made and we were told that we would have to wait untill 2pm for a room! I asked what we could do in the meantime, she told me everything was closed and carried on with her work, I asked again, look we just want something to occupy our time, she said we could use the gym if we wanted to! after a 8 hour flight we didnt want to do that but we thought we would at least have a look around to fill the time, fortunatly we found a quietish corner in the gym area with a coffee machine and some sofas to sit in while we waited for Dubai to wake! I checked with the reception again at 9am and they were going to have a room ready for 10am (thank god) So we went around and looked at the closed shops for an hour! Checked into the suite, very impressive, very big, with balcony all pretty clean and with all the extras you could ever need, washing machine, dishwasher, tumble drier! Internet access was not free and was pretty expensive, almost rip off prices. The balcony area was covered in black dust. So mixed impressions.After a few days in Dubai we were pretty disapointed, its boring, the shopping was expensive with no real bargains to be had, I was expecting a shopping mecca, but was utterly disapointed, alot of the designer clothes were MORE expensive than in the UK! There is nothing to see, its all dessert! We were there for 3 days, done a balloon trip (highly recomended) and the wild wadi water park (much fun) but becuase the shopping was expensive it removed most of the apeal of dubai. I am also afraid to say that after being in Thailand (the land of a 1000 smiles) Dubai was more like the land of a 1000 grimaces! It seems like the tourist industry had been geared towards extracting as much money as possible from its tourists. For example, when we left the hotel they asked us if we wanted a taxi to the airport, yes I said, ok that will be 100 dirams (about £13), I said no a standard Dubai taxi will be fine, I see he said, well it will take a long time to get here because of the traffic, I said that will be fine. Disgruntled he phoned me a taxi, it arrived it 10 mins and cost 25 dirhams to get to the airport!As for Dubai, next time I will look for a direct flight or wont bother leaving the airport. As for the hotel, ok location, massive rooms, full room facilities, cheapish for the standard of room (£136 a night) But poor room service. Its more of a room to rent than a personel service hotel.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great roomsshame about the pools	ROOMS: I stayed in the Classic Suite, a one-bedroom suite which is the basic room category. I was REALLY impressed with the room- modern and new furniture, great bathroom, flat screen TVs in the lounge room and bedroom. Some of the Classic Suites have a balcony. I started out in one with a balcony, but it was right next to a public gym where they were renovating. This meant that the room was really noisy, so I requested a move. The next suite was much smaller without a balcony, but still really nice. The rooms were a little noisy- you could hear noise from the corridor and from the room next door, but it was not too bad.POOLS: I was really unimpressed by the pools. You have to go through the public gym to get to them- there are 2 pools, one is waist-deep and can be seen from the gym. You have to walk down 2 flights of stairs to get to it. Then there is a 25m pool, but you also have to walk through the gym to get to it, and walk UP 2 flightsof stairs. Neither pool is private, and I felt far too uncomfortable, having the entire public gym being able to see me, to stay around the pool for too long.LOCATION: Excellent location right above Burjuman Shopping Centre. Taxis are readily available at the front of the hotel.SERVICE: The service was excellent, however I was overcharged upon leaving, and did not realise until later.Hopefully they will refund my money??!!DUBAI: I was in Dubai last year and the shopping was great. Prices have increased substantially since then, however, which greatly impacted my stay! I hardly shopped at all. Even food is much more expensive. I really don't think I iwll go back to Dubai for holidays again, to be honest.	
Aug 27 2007	Fantastic Location!	My family (my husband and 2 sons aged 8 and 4) stayed at the Burjuman Rotana Suites between the 6th and 13th August 2007 and all we can say is that we made a fantastic choice! We stayed on the 19th floor with a view of the Dubai skyline. The hotel is very new and very avant garde. Taps, wash hand basin, bath tub etc. are very modern.The beauty of it all is that you have a fantsatic fitness centre attached to the hotel - fitness first plus you link the Burjuman Shopping Mall (which is a shopper's paradise!) from the 3rd floor of the hotel. Our kids loved the play area in the mall and we could dine in the food court if we didn't want hotel food. My husband had sulked about us not staying at the Oasis Beach Towers but by the end of our stay, he had vowed to return to the Burjuman Rotana! Our stay was only marred by the lazy cleaner attached to our room. She would forget to vaccuum or wash plates or change sheets and it just got so annoying after a while. It is however by and large a clean, modern and hospitable hotel and I'll stay there over and over again!	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Hotel	We just returned from one week buisness and tourist trip in Dubai.This hotel was located in a good area that is close to my business and other tourist areas.I books an executive suite from the internet for 2 adults and 3 kids when we went there we found out that the room is very nice and big but the beds are not enough for us, it has one king bed and they give a free bed for one kid, so we moved to the junior which was much cheaper but 2 twin big beds plus the free bed was enough for us , the only difference from the executive suite is the extra toilet room in the living room. In fact I liked the junior more even though the exucitive looks bigger with more furniture in the dining and living room!we had a great free buffet breakfast for me and my husband and 3 kids 13, 11 and 9 years old.The Burjuman mall which I liked more than any other mall in Dubai was in the same building just use the elevator to the 3rd floor. The staff was very very nice and friendly. Valet parking is available.The loopy was nice looking with free internet but it was sort of small. A good thing also that it has no bars or disco's.The TV channels were very good selected to be for families with kids.The gym was very big and nice but unfortunately it was always crowded because it was open for the public who are using an entrance from the mall.If I have another trip to Dubai, without ant hesitation I will stay in this hotel.	
Jun 5 2007 	Excellent hotel - Loved it!	We booked the hotel based on the 2 reviews we had read on trip advisor in addition to the reviews on the Burjuman mall ( a very upscale mall). The fact that it was a brand new hotel (launched Feb 2007) comforted us that if nothing else, atleast the furniture would be new and clean. Luckily, we also got a good deal from Expedia for 4 nights (USD 750) for the classic suite including breakfast.The hotel was absolutely fantastic! It was better than we had expected. Although we were not specifically told, i think we we upgraded because our suite had a living area in addition to a seperate bedroom. It was very well done up - very modern, stylish, clean, spacious and of course very new. The beds were the most comfortable hotel beds I have come across and the storage space was good for a long term stay. The bathroom was also very spacious with 24 hours running hot and cold water and basic toiletries.I almosat forgot, the suite also had a mini kitchenette hidden away behind a cupboard. It had a microwave, cutlery, crockery and a washing machine!!!!They have an internet connection but it was quite expensive for the speed- 30 AED per hour for an almost dial-up type connection speed. We were later told that there was something wrong with their service provider and thats why the internet was really slow.The breakfast was good but could have been better. I am biased i think - because i am a huge breakfast person! There was enough choice though and there were vegetarian options too (thank God - coz my husband is vegetarian!).All cant be perfect - can it? Nope - not in this case either. The hotel has a health club but no swimming pool and it does not serve alcohol or even a wine bottle opener... so if you cant stay without your drink - buy your own at the duty free (allowance 2 litres per prson) and take your own bottle opener too! On the same topic, the hotel does not have a club and there isnt one in the Burjuman mall either. One would have to go to a club in some other hotel. The one in Crown Plaza (i think) is quite good but mind you, they dont allow any &quot;national dresses&quot;. The drinks are around 25- 30 AED each. The clubs are usually open till 2am and taxis are easily available at night. The adjoining mall was fabulous! There wasnt a brand i didnt see there! Expensive though.. Malls are usually open till 10pm and food places till 11pm. Malls open only in the second half of the day on Fridays. The other thing one might want to take note of is that there isnt anything else within walking distance other than the Burjuman mall. One has to take a Taxi everywhere else. The beach area is approximately 25 mins drive and 45AED, the Gold Souk and Mall of Emirates is approx 15 mind and 35AED whereas the other malls Deira Mall are around 10mins and 20AED. Be prepared to get stuck in traffic during office hours and also be prepared to guide the Taxi driver back to the hotel entrance or drop off at the Burjuman mall entrance and walk to the hotel (3-5 mins walk - just behind the mall). As its a really new hotel, we found that only 25% of the taxi drivers knew the place exactly. All in all, it was a great hotel and we had a great experience. Nothing to complain really. We highly recommend it.	
May 10 2007 	Lovely modern hotel with beautiful comfortable suites!	We didn't know what to expect when we booked this hotel --- we based it solely on the name Rotana, since we had heard it was a good chain. We were so relieved to arrive and find a lovely, modern, new hotel. Our room was a spotless mini-suite, with a large living/dining area, beautiful bathroom and spacious bedroom (bed was very comfy, felt like we were home). Breakfast was delivered to us every morning by room service, and no shortage of food. I didn't mind the location --- seems no matter where you stay in Dubai, you have to take a taxi to get around, so it worked out well for us. My only minor complaint is the staff seemed a bit unsure of city attraction information, but we managed nevertheless. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there during our next visit to Dubai!	
Apr 16 2007 	Fantastic airy and spacious	We stayed at the Burjuman Rotana Suites for 5 nights at the beginning of April 2007. We loved every minute of our stay there. This was the first time where the hotel photographs did not lie. The decor was stunning, very modern and beautiful. Everything was very clean and new. The apartment was absolutely spacious and the proximity to Burjuman centre was so wonderful and convenient. The apartment was also walking distance to Meena Bazaar. The staff were friendly and very helpful. I would definitely stay here again and I would recommend it to all my friends.	
Nov 15 2009 	Superbe Hotel		
Dec 7 2007 	decevant		
