Nov 9 2009 	Very basic - nothing wrong with it.	The hotel is basic. It's fairly clean (except for blankets on the bed, which we removed immediately), but well maintained. Its price is good for the 3* and the drinks you may have at the hotel roof are also good. Service is fine: cleaning, reception, breakfast. They can also organise some tours for you at competitive prices (absolutely go to the desert safari!). A couple of complementary bus services exist: beach and shopping, which you may take if you're staying for 3 days+. The location is not necessarily convenient if you end up staying in town after the metro closes, but the metro and bus stops are very close, so you won't have to use taxi too often. I have no other hotel experience in Dubai, but if you're not expecting too much comfort, then Comfort Inn is a solid choice for several nights.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very good budget hotel	The hotel was great. Very polite and helpful staff. Requests were answered promptly. Clean rooms and good food. Very good location: A supermarket just opposite the street, and internet cafe and variety of fast food restaurants nearby. The roof-top pool was great. The bathroom was clean and good. The beds were very comfortable and clean.The only problem we could find was the towels which apparently were not dried properly, and so smelled vary bad. This was random, though, some towels did not smell,and some were not usable. In Summary, I would go to this hotel again, if I want to choose a budget hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Quite good and comfortable location	Overall, the staying was good. Staff was friendly and always available on time. Rooms were clean, but not as cosy as we expected them to be. The big problem with the restaurant buffet. Too few seats for many people. We had to stand in a queue to get seats and have our dinner. But the food was really great and diversified! Plus a lot of interferance into privacy. We could not bring our friends into our room. Small swimming pool. However, the location of the hotel compensates the abovementioned minuses. Just in front of the Al Ghurair Center, not far from Spinneys and Marks and Spencer and 10 minutes walk from Naser Square.	
Oct 16 2007 	Not bad ! You get what you paid for !	During my 6-night stay at this hotel, I can say that it earns a above-moderate place. Pros are price, location, good food. Cons are small rooms, unclean bathroom towels, and the fact that the street that passes in front of the hotel is always jammed with traffic. I had to wait 30 minutes in front of the hotel to pick up a taxi to the airport !! Otherwise a good location close to downtown and very close (2 minute walking distance) to Ghurair Shopping Center. There is also a supermarket right across the street which is also a major plus. There are two computers in the hall connected to the internet that are accessible to guests for 5 Dhs per hour which is quite cheap. The hotel also has a parking space so if you are renting a car, a definite plus !!	
Aug 20 2007 	very good for it's price	I've been there 3 nights.Lunch n dinner was so good(good with everyone's taste). It's a cheap stay but it's so good for this price cuz everything is clean,neat n tidy.the hotel is in a great area,near beach,shopping centres and all...Enjoy your trip;)	
May 14 2007 	Clean rooms and friendly staff.	We stayed at this hotel for 12 days in April 2006. It's a nice 3-star hotel. The breakfast buffet was good and the rooms were clean. For the rate of below $100, it was a nice bargain. The staff of this hotel were super friendly. I recommend this hotel to other travelers.	
