Aug 26 2009 	Convenient and that's about it	As I was landing early in the morning from Sydney in transit for 36hrs, I had booked two nights directly with the hotel - numerous emails to/from confirming everything was OK, and yes they understood I was landing around 5am and would require my room (night 1) immediately. Upon arrival at the hotel around 5am, I was told sorry there are no rooms available adn you'll have to wait in the lobby for 3-5hrs before room becomes available. I had a hissy fit, after 14hr flight!! and insisted on speaking to the hotel manager. I explained I had expressly booked and was happy to pay for two nights to avoid this very issue and where was my room?? He eventually &quot;found&quot; me a room about 45 mins later, after saying I could wait in the cafe, but hey, it's closed as it's too early and you can't even get a cold drink!. After about an hour in the room I realised the aircon wasn't working. Time to call an engineer in.......yawn.After all this stuffing about, about the most positive thing I can say about this hotel is it is conveniently located close to the airport and has direct access into the shopping mall if you need to while away a few hours in aircon. But that's about it. I won't be going back for seconds.	
Jul 16 2009 	Business/Shopping hotel - no luxury	My wife and I spent 5 nights here early July 2009. I had a conference in the same hotel and decided to stay at the hotel as opposed to somewhere more fancier but would require me to drive in the morning traffic.The hotel is definitely 5 stars but the bare minimum. The hotel is old and it shows. The furniture and amenities are really basic.It would be perfect for someone wishing to spend a lot of time in the City Center Mall as there is direct access from the hotel.This hotel is not representative of the standard of hotels in Dubai now.There is broadband internet in the room via LAN (cable) and wireless is available in the lobby.	
May 19 2009 	Nice hotel	Nice hotel - great spot to shop, great hotel with excellent entertainment - especially the English pub!!!Have to go back!	
Oct 1 2009 	Pas top!		
