Nov 24 2009 	If you are human just avoid this Hotel - Dolphin Hotel Apartments Dubai.	I stayed at this Hotel in Nov. 2009 and treated like a Dog. They forced all their guest to submit their passport. In fact, I made a police complain for that too. In case, if you are visiting this Hotel, Please… Please don’t submit your passport. And if you will submit your passport, please be prepared for surprise.Another thing, they might give a drop-off transfer in a Van without Air-conditioned. So be prepared to get lot of surprise in this Hotel.I will strongly recommend that if you are human and paying just close to $100, just avoid this Hotel. There are 10s of Hotel next to this Hotel which provides lot better service at the same price.	
Sep 30 2009 	good bargain hotel.no frills but decent	This hotel is good for Indians who love shopping and eating Indian food because all Indian restaurants are close by and Meena Bazar is a good place to shop. Except for the Burjuman shopping centre Mall which is pretty close by , all the other Malls are very far off towards Jumeirah and taxi is expensive but neevrtheless affordable. So if you are a mall person then commuting would be a bit expensive. This hotel has large rooms and its not extragavant but simple and decent. If you are on Honeymoon or just want to relax in luxury , then this hotel is not for you.The breakfast was the only thing which I hated. It was only South Indian. They had no eggs also because it is a pure Vegetarian restaurant. Overall its a good hotel but nothing too great.	
Aug 28 2009	Nice Hotel Cum Appartment	I had been in Dubai for 3 days and stayed at this place. It is a nice hotel cum appartment and very very good for asians specially Indians. The rooms are really big, spacious, neat and clean with an equally clean bath. The location of the hotel is also good ie in Meena Bazar. There are plenty of Indian restaurents near by and is also near to Deira. The only turn off is that sometimes the area gets a bit crowded. The breakfast is nice &amp; Suitable for Indians.	
Aug 12 2009 	Wouldnt Go BACKK"!!	I stayed there for a week , let me start wil the good points the hotel was located in the meena bazar where all the shops were there was A wonderful resturent oppiste the hotel -FOR VEG ermm the rooms were a suite so it was nice n BIG. Now the bad points it took forever for the lifts to come! the swimming poor was tiny n rubbish the gym was TINYYYY !!!!!! the resturent was crap n so was the staff	
May 10 2009 	Fab!!!!	My Mm and Dad treated my 3 sisters, me, and my daughter to a week in dubai. Its was arranged by Hari Om Travel and it was one of the best holidays i have been on. The hotel is located on the corener of Mina Bazar, and it was great for 5 gilrs all wanting to do shopping!!!!We had some indian suits made at Dream Girl and were charged around 9 pounds for stiching. you can by some really lovely ready made suits too. My sisters are real pros at haggling so do not be afraid it is expected!!!!!!The hotel was clean and the staff freindly, becuse we went away as a family we wanted to stay on one floor which the staff helped us to do until we were all happy. My Mum and Dad are elderly and they were well looked after and respected at the hotel and in all the shops and resturants we went to. the pool at the doplhine was lovely and a must, go upstairs and chill on the roof top. Mum and Dad both enjoed sitting on the roof terrace too.The best jewlers in Dubai is Kanz at the gold souk. (dont bother with any others!!!!!!) They were fab and we were in there so long they ordered lunch for us!!. Take your old gold and trade it there. We ate at Rongali most night which is a pure indian vegetarian resturant and they had an amazing choice of food. The buffet is a good deal. Again staff very helpul to Mum and Dad.I think if you are Asain and a girl this is a great hotel, and we had a fun time shopping. although thigs are the same price as U.k it was fun to shop.We went on the night cruise and this was great fun, again Mum and Dad looked after, and vegetarain food was lovely. The jeep safari was a blast and we had a giggle the whole time althoughtMum and Dad did not come. You must try the river boats they are cheap and fun. The weather in April was lovely and just right.Defo go back, this time maybe i will try the beach and water parks, with my family.	
Nov 8 2008 	Good for Strictly vegitarian Family types...	Please read my opinion keeping in mind I have paid 500AED for a double room with 2 persons per day and easy cheap mobiliy being important concern. The room I was staying in was very clean with good linen and simple, tasteful interiors. The air coditioning was noiseless and was very efficient. For the price the room is well furnished which also includes hot plate, fridge, sink, iron box, locker, provisions of coffee/tea/sugar. About the TV....not good. The reception is relatively small and always crowded. Majority of the crowd is Asian (Indians in particular). The staff at reception barring few could have been more professional. The breakfast is extremly good if you like strict vegitarian Indian food. Catering is done by a group related to a famous South Indian restaurant chain called Kamath Hotel. The location of the hotel is very good if you are looking for quick and easy access to all important parts of UAE. From airport you can catch any bus which reaches Al Gubia bus stand which is very near to hotel by paying 2 AED. Other bus routes to hotel from airport are C1 and C2. A small walk will take you to the creek and by paying 1 AED you can reach Gold/Spice Souk (Diera) by boat within 5 Minutes. Dubai museum (good) is 5 minutes walk and is next to creek. Burjuman Mall (good) is 10 minutes walk away and Careefour (Super market) is next to bus stand. We can reach Abu dhabhi (15 AED), Sharjah (5AED) and all other local places like Jumeira area, Sheik Zyad Road and other malls etc., (flat 2 AED for local travel within Dubai) from the Al Gubia bus stand which is 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Free airport pickup and drop are possible with request. Hotel does not have a Bar, Night club, and defintely not suitable for Bachelors with different ideas. However, for travellers with family and budget and easy mobility being other concerns may find this hotel suitable.	
Jul 24 2008 	Fear the hotel	Am a S/W consultant and stayed in Dubai in this hotel. And am writing my experience in this hotel. I depend very much on Internet as my work has to do with Laptop. Infact, am writing this review from the hotel itself.The positive points first. The location is really good. Hotel Kamat is attached to this &amp; so, for an indian, its a delight as you get good veg food. The room is spacious enough, the bed is big.Now the negatives, the hotel isn`t clean. The power goes off frequently enough which turns off the wireless internet connection. &amp; then, there`s no internet connectivity. You got beg &amp; plead with the staff who care a damn. The staff is least courteous. Added to this, the A/C is the least efficient &amp; doesn`t cool. Infact, the AC failed thrice during my stay &amp; the guests were huffing &amp; puffing. During my stay, the power went off, &amp; there is standby genset. U got climb all the floors or get hooked up in the reception. Ofcourse, u can reach me if u have questions abt the hotel or burdubai at nandtalk@gmail.com	
Apr 5 2008 	vegetarian delights	Arrived there on an overnight flight, had emailed the hotel prior to arrival so that i can have an early check in but the man in reception was very unhelpful with this and could do with a lesson in customer service. However a room was sorted out after making a bit of a fuss which i think you have to do in general to get anything done as people are very laid back.The room was ok, two single beds, kitchen area and seperate bathroom.Cleaniing was ok and we recieved a complimentary bottle of water everyday whilst we were there.The breakfast is buffet style but only vegetarian both indian and continental, this was a slight downside as we were not told that this is a vegetarian only hotel, but you can have food delivered to your apartment.Overall it was ok and central near the meena bazaar and walking distance to get the abra ( water taxi) to deira which was quite cheap, can get a bit noisy at night but still ok.May consider going again as the rest of the staff were very friendly.	
Mar 15 2008	no frill apartment hotel	No frill apartment hotel is located in mini India in Bur Dubai. Hotel has studio rooms(ie one bedroom),two room apartments with separate kitchenette &amp; dinning area.Hotel rooms are equipped with fridge,small kitchenette,locker apart from TV &amp; airconditioner. Rooms are reasonable in size.Each room has a window facing the main roads of the area. The hotel has Kamat Restaurant (Very popular south Indian food chain of restaurants). Small swimming pool on terrace &amp; a health club are the additional features of the hotel.Major advantage of the hotel is it is in the centre of Dubai so very convenient to travel around.As it is in little India(known as Mina Bazaar) you will fill like you are in India. At least 10-12 Indian restaurants,majority of Indian brand shops like Raymond,Liberty,Bata, Parthas,Nalli etc.Apart from that it is very near from creek,major bus stand,electronics market,Dubai museum etc. As the hotel is a family hotel &amp; does not have pub,discotheque &amp; theme restaurants it does not have nuisance of prostitutes(it is very common in most of the hotels in Dubai). The hotel is managed by south Indiann so it has typical Indian touch.Majority of staff is Indian &amp; you can so talk in Hindi &amp; rupees as the currency.Problems at Dolphin. Requires maintenance &amp; upgradation of the venue. Noise of the vehicles. Lifts are terribly slow. The kitchenette is basic,while safe lockers does not work. Breakfast is typical south Indian one. Few more continental varieties will give good change in the menu.No eggs are served,so no question of non vegetarian items. Restaurant has very few waiters to serve you &amp; clean the tables.Compared to the occupancy the restaurant is small. Check in time of 12 noon is also problematic as all the flights usually coming from India come in the morning(Nearly 100% guests were Indians,In our case they had given us temporary room to freshen up but got the final room in the evening only). Again all the flights to India are after ten in the night,you are without room for the whole day.Rooms do not have any view,but the rooms with view costs a lot.Over all the hotel is Ok type. You can not give star rating but Dubai being one of the expensive city,Dolphin is good option to stay.	
Oct 16 2009 	Escale		
