Nov 22 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 5 days and our stay was excellent...People at reception and at travel desk were very helping and nice. Breakfast is good.We just enjoyed our stay at Seashell Inn...	
Oct 21 2009 	One o the good hotels	I had been to Dubai and stayed in this hotel for 06 days. Altough we spent much of the time outside the hotel , but whatever time we spent in the hotel , we enjoyed it. Well located in the Main markets where IT / computer market is just the opposite lane. Meena Bazar is just 5-10 minutes walk and a couple of good hotels for eating outside are nearby this place. Also the water bus for going to Derra is just 10 min walk and Burjuman Metro station is 5 min away in CAB. The staff is courteous and the atmosphere ios good , except that there's a night club in the hotel and noise is little loud. Ensure you saty on floor 3 or above to avoid the noise. Would definitely suggest people to check in this hotel , and in case of any issues , please directly approach the mansger or the sales Rep and they would be obliged to solve your problems , in case any. The room altough not very big , but good enough to accomodate 2 people and the luggage. Wi-Fi isnt available in this hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	Transit	I 've stayed two nights in Seashell inn, Nice hotel for transit, walking distance to IT market, there is goood bollywood bar on ground floor. only thing is when ever you come ask for room on 4,5,6 floor, coze till 3AM you can hear disco on 3rd floor.	
Jun 15 2008 	nice hotel	nice hotel not too far walk from the creek about 15minutes but cabs are very easy to get just outside, cheap aswell. about 10 min drive to the nearest beach, and 20 min drive to mall of the emirates. not far from major sights such as burj dubai and the emirates towers. food in hotel very nice and cheap we were on the 7th floor(top floor) and couldnt hear any noise as there is 3 bars at the ground floor. thats to be expected if you go to dubai though as alcohol is only provided in hotels. first night we heard lots of banging outside room with someone screaming you stole all my money so that unnerved us a bit but it didnt continue for long. nice room quite a big size, clean friendly not a great view. loved dubai overall so much to see and do! x	
May 15 2008	Terrible...worst ever!	Please don't book this hotel. My mother and I arrived on an early flight and got to the hotel at about 8 am, we were kept waiting in the lobby for hours until a room was ready - no coffee offered - nothing. After a very long flight, we were so tired. Our bill was never correct -- thaey are constantly trying to rip you off. We were told to pay for their mistake on and incorrect bill because &quot;the people are very poor here and cant afford to pay for their mistake, we would really appreciate it if you paid the difference&quot; WHAt?THIS HOTEL IS A JOKE - Avoid at all costs!	
Dec 31 2007 	I would not recommend it	Having stayed there twice I can't say I was looking forward to the third time. Fortunately for me my company change my booking and moved me to another hotel. Finally I was able to enjoy my stay in Dubai.The location is good, but the hotel itself is bad. Really bad! Non-smoking room are not really non-smoking, they just remove the ash tray. They don't even bother with trying to hide the smell. There is bad smell in the whole hotel.Don't try the food there. I think it is one of the worst I've ever tried. The sirloin ordered turned out to be something way different cheaper meat... but the price remained.The rooms are old and worn out. The beds are clean and general cleanliness is ok. The staff is ok, but they don't speak good English. They are not very accommodating when it comes to complaints.If you are looking for a pleasant stay in Dubai I can't recommend this hotel. If you are just looking for a bed to spend the night in, I guess this is ok.	
Nov 22 2007	Will never stay again here	After reading previous reviews and taking on board all the negative comments I booked this hotel for 2 families of 4 each. Considering the night club and the noise we requested 3 room on the 3rd floor or above, all no smoking rooms. Upon arrival and checking in we were informed by the non-helpful receptionist that there were no requests made for all 3 room on the 3rd floor or above, all no smoking rooms, and we were given one room on 4th floor - no smokng and 2 rooms in 1st floor both SMOKING. I showed them my copy of the booking confirmation specifically requesting all 3 room on the 3rd floor or above, all no smoking rooms but they insisted no requests were made. I had proof on paper but they still didn't want to know. Not a good start to the holiday. They did say that if any rooms on the 3rd floor or above did become available we would be shifted. During the first night, in one of the rooms on the 1st floor we saw cockroaches and we immediately informed the hotel that this is not acceptable. They fumigated the room and this went on for 4 days. We see cockroaches and they spray. At no time did they shift us despite our pleas that at the very least we expect an insect free room. On the 5th day we were finally moved from the cockroach room to another room on the 3rd floor. But it was too little too late as we only had 2 nights left before we flew back to the UK. Despite that Bur Dubai as a great location and leaving the hotel aside we did enjoy Dubai. But I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 16 2007	Would never recommend	WARNING: DO NOT make long distance phone calls from this hotel or you will find your phone bill more than your room bill.Without question, one of my worst online bookings. Room was small with no drawers for clothes. The . . . uh . . . view - nothing more than than dirty windows and clothes hanging on clotheslines staring back at you. Virtually nothing around the hotel within walking distance except computer store after computer store. Although the very nice Burjman Mall is just a short cab ride away.Small but nice enough dining area. Very limited breakfast buffet.Staff. Helpful but seemingly disinterested.As others have said, it is very noisy unless you are on the upper floors and facing away from the city street..Even at the discounted online rate, this hotel was still overpriced by about 20%.Final analysis. I would never recommend this hotel.	
Mar 8 2007 	Great Location	We stayed for 4 nights at the sea shell. Our stay was very pleasant. Hotel is located walking distance from meena bazaar and the computer street. staff were very helpul and rooms kept extremely clean we had no complains.... Desert safari and Dhow cruise can be booked at the counter. In the evening you can have a cold beer and relax at Johnnie's pub. we would definately stay there again.....its exceeds its 3 star status	
Feb 26 2006	very noisy rude staff	The rooms faceing the street are just above a night club and the music doesn't stop until 3am. VERY LOUND music on first 3 floors.Thin windows that wakes you as soon as the traffic starts.The complete staff is very rude. Front desk is worst. No service at all. lost our booking but when my travel agent called they &quot;just found them&quot;	
Feb 4 2006 	very damp	the air was extremely damp due to an obsolete air condition. The breakfast was one of the worst buffets I've ever seen (and I've travelled around the world). For 2-3 days it's bearable but not any longer.	
Nov 21 2005	decent hotel for a transit stay	If you are looking for a hotel while in transit to Dubai and also love night clubs, this is one hotel which fits the bill.  First and foremost, ask for a room from 3rd floor upwards, if u prefer a sound sleep after a drink or two and donot like the clubbing thumps/vibes in your rooms. The sports bar on the ground level is a nice,small,decent place even if you have female guests.the filipino hostesses are very friendly with their ever charming innocent smile on their faces ( they very well deserve a good tip )Ask for the kebabs and chicken lollipops if you love fried stuff...its just wonderful. you might also get a Beer t-shirt/cap or two ( provided the promos are going on) if you can manage to coax the fnb manager by the name Michael(indian),a friendly chap. ( he prefers Red bull with Vodka )..!!!breakfast is acceptable and room service/house keeping exteremly good and prompt if you tip the attendant. !! Overall, a nice,affordable,small,quiet place ( 3rd floor plus)with convenient access to all places of interest	
Jan 9 2005	January stay fine for viewing the marathon runners.	We stayed in the Seashell Inn in early January. We had the Executive room, which was very spacious and modern, with a king size bed , though it was a bit clammy and damp. The wrap-around windows were nice. The kids had a regular room which was, regular - with two twin beds. We had paid for breakfast, which was okay, with a selection of English, Arabic, and Indian dishes in a buffet.The hotel is located on a main road in the heart of the computer souk. It was on the route of the Dubai Marathon which we had come to view.The main complaint about the hotel is the nightclub and loud music. We were on the third (European) floor and the nightclub was on the ground floor below us. The sound was very loud until 3 am both nights.Service was fine and the staff was friendly. There was an airport shuttle - apparently this is a hotel used by many who are just stopping over between flights. We had rented a car - the parking is in the basement in a tiny parking garage. Don't try to get a suburban in there!The hotel was fine for a short stay, but I think for a longer stay, one on the beach would be nicer.	
