Nov 23 2009 	4 days stay	splendid view, excellent service, courteous staff, super clean room &amp; sparkling bathroom with all amenities.	
Nov 10 2009 	As Grand as its name	We took our 6 month old daughter here, due to the toddler pool with sun canopies. This hotel has it all, just look at the website. Its all true. I have no reservations about returning here. Lovely staff all the way through the hotel. It is expensive, but so is Dubai generally.Taxis are cheap, for shopping malls etc.	
Nov 10 2009 	Splendid hotel: great food 	* beautiful rooms* great service* at the pool, they spread your towels, spray mist in your face, bring you drinks...* friendly staff: everything with a smile* nice pool in and outside* good food and enough restaurants* close to shopping malls (taxi)	
Nov 8 2009 	Great hotel but very expensive - like all of Dubai	I stayed at this hotel for a conference, and was impressed by this hotel. As others have said, this is a large hotel with every convenience you would expect... as long as you are willing to pay handsomely for it. The location is very convenient from the airport, and I did meet some airline personnel who were staying there between flights.The check in went very well. I had only large bills for my taxi, so when I went into the hotel with the door man to get change, he took the change out and paid the taxi for me. Check in was quick and efficient - even got a minor upgrade on my room by asking nicely. The price was expensive, but this hotel was where the conference was hosted, so I didn't even consider staying anywhere else - I expect that most hotels were similarly priced.The room was very large and nice. The view was nice, overlooking the pool area, as well as one small window with a view of the Burj Dubai. Comfortable bed, good work desk, and a walk in closet. There were several different firmness pillows available, and did not have any problems with that.The bathroom was very large, and well appointed with a lot of natural stone. There is a separate tub and shower, dual sinks, and there is a frosted glass door to separate the toilet and bidet from the rest of the room.The room does include a minibar, but, like everything else, the prices are very expensive. The only free things were water bottles and ice, brought by the housekeeping staff every evening.The conference went very well, and the staff was very attentive to everything we needed there. The quality and variety of food and drinks was very good. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone hosting a conference in Dubai.I used the business center a couple of times, and, not unexpectedly, found the prices to be very high. Similarly, the charges for internet use in the room were high.There are apparently 14 restaurants (seems like more!), and all looked very good - didn't have enough time to try them all. The breakfast buffet (Market Cafe) is very expensive (&gt;$40), but was good on the one morning I ate there. Likewise, the steak house (Manhattan Grill) was very good, but a full dinner topped out at $120 for one. The Singapore seafood restaurant (Peppercrab) was also very good, and the prices seemed expensive ($300 lobster), but I didn't see the final bill. Cooz was a nice jazz club - we had some scotch and Cuban cigars, and enjoyed nice jazz singing with a piano accompaniment.I did have a little time to go out to the pool. It was not tourist season, so it was kinda quiet, but was still well kept, and I didn't have to wait very long for service. There is also an indoor pool that looked very nice, but was empty except for one lonely lifeguard. The spa and exercise room looked very well staffed and stocked, but I did not use them.The only complaints about the hotel revolve around price and culture. One female co-worker complained about the service at the front desk. When she was in the middle of checking out, an Arab man walked up, and the front desk clerk stopped helping her and instead helped the man. That's probably a cultural thing, tho.I would not recommend this hotel if you are looking for some place to travel on a nice budget holiday, but if you need to go to Dubai - particularly on a company expense account - I can recommend it.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent and Grand.......	This was my second stay at the grand hyatt Dubai.... I had the Ambassador Suite this time which was excellent.... The view over the Creek side is just Amazing... you can see the creek park and the Creek plus the Creek golf club and Park Hyatt all in 1 Frame!!! What a greta View to have in Dubai....The hotel itself is really Grand, the lobby is just spectacular and the forest inside the Atrium with the water falls are fun to look at and walk through them....The location is good because it has easy access meaning that you will not get stuck in any traffic jams and plus you have the upscale WAFI Mall within 2 minutes taxi ride...In conclusion this hotel offers alot and it is for sure 1 of the top hotels in Dubai....	
Oct 20 2009 	Pleasant Stay!	We had two nights in Dubai as part of a stop over. This hotel is huge!! We walked around part of the grounds and it took us about ten minutes to get to the lobby and I think were were only half way round it! We didn't use the pool but it looked great; spacious and very clean. 13 restaurants to choose from within the lobby - we had a lovely meal in the Indian Restaurant. It is more of a business hotel so the rooms are functional but the bathrooms are massive. Very comfortable bed. Good breakfast choices. Concierge were exceptionally helpful in planning our whirlwind two day tour of Dubai.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice stay I would come again.	One night staying there is more than enough to know how great this hotel is. Nice lobby, excellent staff. My room was spacy, furniture and decoration, however, was not the nicest i have seen, they could do much better job. One thing is sure, this hotel has the best variety of Restaurants, amazing food in all of them. great swimming pool. there is a cinema complex just next door. really nothing would rally have to leave this place since it got all what you need and more.	
Oct 11 2009 	Grand Hyatt lovely Hotel	Myself and my husband both we said that Grand Hyatt Dubai Hotel is really romantic and charming. The lobby was expansive and accommodating, the room was nice and clean, TV was flat screen and nice channel. the Indian restaurant IZ was so beautiful, The Market cafe serves excellent, walking distance to Wafi Mall for some nightlife, All of the staff were very friendly and professional, 5 star all the way.	
Oct 10 2009 	Grand Hyatt Dubai	very well decorated hotel with a large lobby and a 'forest' within the centre of the lobby. uniquely designed and comfortable guest rooms.	
Oct 7 2009	Perfect room	Impressed by the unique lobby area which was wonderfully eye catching . At check in we were generously upgraded and our extremely spacious n cosy room had a great view. It was luxuriously laid out and there was a generous provision of toiletries. All said, room was in perfect condition and nothing to gripe over. Although overall service was really great in every aspect, i felt letdown by the long half an hour wait for our luggage to be delivered to the room although we check in close to midnite and the hotel was not busy at that point in time. We stayed for 4 days but only had fruit delivered once. The inexperienced concierge was not very helpful in making any worthwhile recommendation on sightseeing in Dubai. Also at check out, the hotel wanted to charge us for complimentary beverage but it was resolved .Except for these issues, the team at Hyatt Dubai deserved a perfect score for their excellent service.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel great location but staff could be a little more attentive	Hi,we have just returned from 2 nights at the Hyatt and I can't rate it high enough. The rooms are fantastic with good sized beds and massive bathrooms. The breakfasts are simply amazing with a massive selection to suit everyone. We had dinner in the hotel on our second night in the indian restaurant IZ which was beautiful. We watched the chef make our breads before they are served and the food was to die for. BUT, we did feel the staff were not very engaging and felt remote. We normally stay at the Al Qsar in Jumeriah were the staff always say hello and got to he ends of the end to sort anything out. We will definately stay again and recommend to others	
Aug 28 2009 	Excellent experience attentive staff.	I spent three days here on a business trip and enjoyed my experience. The lobby was expansive and accomodating, the service was excellent, the pool was great, and the breakfast was perfect.I did have one complaint...my room was &quot;non-smoking,&quot; however, it was clear that this room was probably &quot;smoking&quot; at one point in time, and the &quot;stink&quot; was still there. It needed either a cleansing or a replacement of carpet/paint to eliminate the odor.The breakfast buffet was one of the most expansive and will presented I've ever experienced! I'm not crazy about pools that are over 6' deep in the main section (you can't walk!) but overall it wasn't that bad. I didn't bring my kid, but the kids pool was fantastic, and included play structures. Mine would have loved it.The &quot;action&quot; is in Jemeriah, and this hotel is not in that area. However, the cab ride is only about $10 from here, making it a non-issue.	
Aug 28 2009 	Excellent hotel attentive service	This is the third time I have stayed at the Grand Hyatt, for one week on each occaision.The Pool must still be the best in Dubai, and is a great if you have children to entertain, and do not want to stat in a beach hotel. The Poolside never seems to get busy, and the staff look after you with care and consideration.The rooms are serviced and cleaned twice daily, and room service is responsive and efficient. The Market cafe serves excellent breakfasts! the variety and freshness will be difficult to beat.Although the hotel is large , you get personal service, and never feel that the hotel is over busy	
Aug 22 2009 	stayed here loads of times...great hotel	Great for business or pleasure as we have done both here. Central for all amentities Dubai has to offer. Great pool and spa complex with all amentities and good choice of restaurants and even walking distance to Wafi Mall for some nighlife. The staff are effcient and never intrusive and the service is fantastic. Its one of the older hotels but you would nver know. We love Dubai and have stayed here many times aswell as other hotels but we always find ourselves going back here.	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent hotel but reception staff could have been better	Great hotel, excellent facilities, had 2 issues first the issuance of visas for my family members and a credit card problem, otherwise accomodation excellent food exquisite and location wonderful	
Jul 27 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here	This is a lovely luxury hotel. Our standard room was very large, very quiet, and very clean and came with a complimentary fruit bowl. We had a walk in wardrobe and a large bathroom with double hand basins, bath, very large shower and separate toilet complete with bidet. The toiletries were of good quality and the room was serviced twice daily. The breakfast was fantastic, probably the best hotel breakfast that we have ever had. The outdoor pool was very large and there was lots of shade provided. The indoor pool was large and the water was a very pleasant temperature. The Grand Spa was very indulgent, with a relaxation area, hot and cold Jacuzzis, a steam room and a sauna. Ice cold face towels and ice water were provided along with l’Occitane products in the shower area. There was also a well equipped gym. There were not many people using the recreation facilities and at times we had the indoor pool all to ourselves. All of the staff were very friendly and professional and the hotel is just a short cab ride away from the airport. We loved it and would happily stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Luxury 	We stayed at Grand Hyatt for a week and we had absolutely the best time, staffs are very friendly, polite and helpful to assist the needs of guests. The food was awesome, have variety of 5 star restaurant dining. Rooms very nice, comfortable. Had complimentary fruit basket every evening. Spa and Jacuzzi and sauna and the out door pool was something else.. 5 star all the way.	
Jul 24 2009 	Nice hotel	We visited this hotel in winter '09. As we traveled with our 9-months old baby we booked double room, but we get two separate beds which was ok since we managed to join them. I liked big spacious bathroom, big garden with pools and jogging paths. We went to sushi restaurant and it was ok, but the food in the hotel is quit expensive. The breakfast was more you can wish for, fresh orange juice, choices of paincakes, cheese, even eggs came in different shapes. There were a garden inside the hotel. I didn't like the A/C as it was always too hot or freezing. You cand arrange for internet in the room, but you have to pay for it. Also you need a taxi to go outside the hotel, there is nothing around to visit. The good part is that the taxi is no problem and it is just few minutes away from shopping areas. Overall - very nice, I would go back!	
Jul 21 2009 	5-stars hotel challenger or 5.9 stars hotel	Grand Hyatt Dubai Hotel is really romantic and charming place. First this fist time in this hotel for me but I had lunch twice before. Unfortunately I was busy and I stayed for one day only. It is very close to Dubai Airport and City center so you can easily go for shopping any time by Taxi for 16 DH (3 euro). I have arrived quite late and I like check in and I have requested for late check out 5:00 pm Staff was so welcomed and warm. I stayed in stranded room which I initially though it will be small and not nice as hotel interior however I choked room was so nice and big for 5 starts standard room. Bathroom was cleaned, stylish and very big. Bed was unbelievable so relaxing. TV was flat screen and nice channel. In general room was very excellent. I have not seen GYM or Spa, but I believe they are amazing. Breakfast was buffet and very nice despite of delay on order because of miscommunication I wait a lot to get my Arabic bread. I feel sorry that I could not use GYM, spa and swimming pool. This is real and true 5 stars hotel I have ever stayed about 10 5-stars hotels Yes indeed I will go and stay in this hotel again and very soon.	
Jul 13 2009 	Lovely hotel	Dubai hotels are of a very high standard and expensive price. The rooms are lovely, the hotel is lovely. The sun beds are really comfortable. I would definately return again	
Jun 21 2009 	AMAZING HOTEL-1 OF THE BEST 5* I'VE EVER BEEN TO	One of the best 5* hotels I've ever been to! Great (off) central location, 15mins away from the airport. Exactly next to the Wafi shopping centre where you can board the Big Bus for taking the City and the Beach tour (it's worth doing it especially if you are there for a short-period stay)!Nice decoration, huge hotel with many facilities for everyone even for the most demanding person! Attention to detail, very clean, really nice, kind, and helpful staff! Believe me!!!Breakfast is perfect including from exotic fruits to chefs cooking in real time food for you!!!Nice swimming pool environment with different kinds of snacks to grab when being in the pool area! Amazing spa facilities!Also, one of the most huge rooms I've ever stayed at, with really comfy big double bed, studying desk with internet connection, plasma TV set, mini bar with everything you can imagine (even a traditional camera in case you've forgotten yours!). Extra walk-in room as a closet. Huge and posh bathroom with big shower and extra bathtub, deep green and white marbes! Of course daily shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, sponge etc. amenities, slippers and really smooth bathrobes!Don't miss A) the Burj Dubai area with the tallest building of the world and the AMAZING dancing fountains (you are going to love it)!!! and B) The Souk Madinat Jumeirah area and its promenade restaurants, especially at night!!!I will definetely return there some day in the future!!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Perfect for Business	Perfect for business travellers	
May 12 2009 	Grand Luxurious Style a great place to relax	Stayed here for 3 nights purely to relax and enjoy the hotel facilities.A great spa, with a very hot jacuzzi....staff on hand offering iced drinks and towels.The gym was great..with lots of personal assistance if required.This hotel has lots of pools and plenty of different areas to lounge and enjoy the sun. I liked the kiddy pool as I was able to sit in the water and enjoy the sun!The morning breakfast is extensive and you will be lost for choice...you prob won't need to eat lunch! Lots of cafe and dessert choices too....We stayed here as we got a 3 for 3 offer via Lasminute....otherwise this would have worked out pricey for us....but I would def like to stay here again.	
May 12 2009 	Loved the hotel!!	I loved the quality of food n was very satisfied with the overall experience!! would definately stay again.	
May 7 2009	Everything you need in a Oasis	A perfect example of luxury. Even if you wish to spend more than a week there am sure you will never get bored. There is so much you can do at the hotel from dining options, sports,shopping,business center facilities or even the spa- simply amazing. Make sure you spend at least five days when visiting this property cause it will take you a day to just walk around it and notice everything once.	
May 6 2009 	A true 5 star	I stayed here at the bridal suite for 1 night replacing some newly married relatives, as the bride and groom decided to go to a 7 star hotel instead after their party at the Grand Hyatt ballroom.Positive points:-Very spacious suite that includes 1 large bedroom with king size bed, 2 bathrooms, a walk in closet/dressing room, sitting area with flatscreen TV, dining area for 6-8 people, study area fully equipped with desk/phone/fax, small kitchenette with coffee maker/kettle/china/cutlery/minibar (all contents free in case of bridal suite with complementary fruit bowl, nuts and bottle of Bateel date juice).-Luxurious decoration with marble floors and plenty of fresh flower vases.-Excellent room service and selection in menu.-Great facilities in the hotel like pool, fitness centre, spa, cineplex, restaurants and lovely Italian cafe and gelateria.-Location in between old and New Dubai and close to the airport and Wafi shopping complex.Negative points:-View from the windows not very interesting. Busy main road and a lot of sand/random lowrises.-Location may not appeal to people keen on a beach holiday.	
May 4 2009	Self contained property	Close to the Airport, this Hotel is practically a huge self-contained property that creates an effect of a green spae in the heart of UAEs deserts.An imposing Reception, with polite multi-lingual front desk staff - If you're looking for professionalism, its there in plenty - but, don't expect warmth!Excellent Rooms, if you take the Creek side. Spacious, elegantly furnished and elaborate. The bathrooms in this Hotel are larger than the rooms in some of Dubai's Hotels!Well appointed Bar, Night club, multi-cuisine restaurants, Coffee Shops &amp; the works. The must see &amp; must dine here is at a huge indoor Botanical park created along with a Pan-Asian hawker street look-alike.You need Taxis to move out of the Hotel as there is nowhere to walk to. However, fortunately all taxis are metered and reasonable.	
May 1 2009 	Decent hotel - ticks all the boxes	I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt many times over the past few years for a few reasons:- the relatively central location is pretty good if you have a lot of things to do all over Dubai- the service is good (although this has begun to deteriorate)- the restaurants are decent and the morning breakfast buffet has a huge variety- gym/spa is goodI wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are planning on spending a lot of time at the beach since it's quite far from Jumeirah.It's not an amazing hotel but it does everything very well - there are very few faults in this place but likewise nothing spectacular either.	
Apr 28 2009 	Convenient for the airport	My family spent one night at the property en route back home. We spent most of the time at the Atlantis water park so didn't really use the hotel's facilities. However it seems to be more conference focused that leisure. We enjoyed the self service dinner which offered a good choice of international cuisine	
Apr 13 2009 	Very clean hotel with helpful staff however outside accommodation disappointing and bus service to the shops dreadful.	We recently stayed in a club room at the Grand Hyatt Hotel for six nights. As expected, the hotel was very well decorated and exceptionally clean. Room service was excellent (i.e., generous portions and hot) and the housekeepers were very thorough and kind. Staff in the club lounge were also very polite, however, they seemed to find it difficult to implement the hotel's policy regarding the allocation of two adjacent lounge areas. On arrival, we were advised that one lounge was purpose designed for families or younger guests and the second was designed for adults. During our visit, however, all guests tended to use the 'adult lounge' (perhaps because canapes were not served in both rooms) thus any adults who needed/preferred a peaceful environment were sometimes obliged to use the children's lounge (with cartoon films shown on a large screen TV etc.).The pool area was very nice, but due to the location of the hotel, outside space was quite limited. Finally, we were very disappointed with the 'shuttle bus' service. As the bus collected guests from several hotels, the journey time was exceptionally long. Other guests were also surprised by this service and we feel the hotel should investigate alternative optons.	
Apr 12 2009 	good experience	a nice hotel with good facilities for both adults and children. Nice gym, spa and pool area. A bit far away from the beach and city centre especially with the heavey traffic. But the hotel itself has a lot to offer.	
Mar 27 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed here 2 nights in a club king. From check in to check out this place did not fail to impress. Every member of staff we encountered was pleasant and competent. The room was layed out well and the bed was comfortable. Everything worked. I wished I could have stayed another night but we needed to move on. My only real issue is with the evening club food selection. It is very limited and the close it off right on the dot. This is a solid choice for a hotel here.	
Mar 25 2009 	Comfortable hotel with excellent service	My husband sayed at this hotel for business, and I joined him to continue a vacation. The staff was extremely helpful and accommodating during our six-day stay, including assisting us with getting tickets for the bus to Oman, which we never could have figured out on our own.There are numerous options for food at different prices points around the clock throughout the hotel. The gelato is great, and the hawker stand was one of our favorites. Afternoon Moroccan mint tea in the lobby also provided a nice break.Additionally, the location of the hotel is great for just about anything you'd want to do in Dubai (though it is a far, but not expensive, taxi ride to Jumeirah beach). The spa facilities are also top-notch. For more info on our trip, check out our blog: http://justanothertravelblog.blogspot.com/search/label/UAE	
Mar 25 2009 	Probably one of the best hotels in Dubai	From the different hotels I visited in Dubai, the Grand Hyatt was probably on of the very best for its interior design, its general atmosphere, its cleanliness and its staff.The lobby is just amazing: behind the lounge/bar on a mezzanine, there is a huge indoor jungle, with rivers and bridges. The indoor pool is elegant and big enough to swim. The outdoor pool, located in a pretty garden, is really big and beautifully lighted when it's dark.Rooms are spacious, well equipped and perfectly clean.We tried two restaurants: the Indian one which was very good and the &quot;Market&quot; offering an extensive breaksfast buffet along the indoor jungle.There are plenty of employees around the entrance and in the front desk or the concierge office. Each of them friendly and helpful; they really do everything they can to make you enjoy your stay.I give Grand Hyatt Dubai only four stars for its location because it is not right in the center of the activities (but has Dubai ever a center ?), although it is only 10 minutes far from the airport (car or taxi) and five minutes from the Wafi mall (walk).And I give this hotel only four stars for its value because it is quite expensive. But there again, it has to be tempered by the fact that all great hotels in Dubai have very high rates. They will probably have to reconsider their rates as bookings tend to decrease due to the global crisis...	
Mar 25 2009 	Grand hotel/location	My wife and I spent a couple of nights here in March 2009.We wanted a getaway from Abu Dhabi to lovely Dubai.Grand Hyatt is perfect, there are tons of restaurants, the pool area is great. There is even a Italian cafe that has the best gelato and espresso.Cant begin to describe how nice the interior is.Highly recommended.	
Mar 24 2009 	Quality hotel with great service and good location	From the moment of arrival at the reception desk at one o'clock in the morning (those BA flights arrive late in the evening) I knew that my company had booked me into a good hotel. Service is polite and attentive - I have never been offered so many different newspapers by so many different staff during my breakfast before!There are a range of different restaurants in the hotel, and whilst I only ate in one, the quality of food was good. I had a standard room which included a walk-in wardrobe, bathroom with bath and large seperate shower, and of course a good size bedroom with desk chairs and other quality furniture. The room was topped by a reasonable view toward the 'Creek'.Dubai is as exciting as ever but beware the shift in exchange rates. A small bottle of beer in the hotel bar roughly equalled £7. Whilst I was staying on business the hotel had a good mix of holiday makers.	
Feb 10 2009 	so nearly perfect !	this is my 2nd stay here and i love it.staff are great,rooms and bathroom awesome,pool huge,super gym and good choice of restaurants,only gripe is i stayed in a club room thus was able to use lounge,had great choice of drinks but as for canapes like numerous other comments i feel the choice is very very poor and similar most evenings,if that could be re addressed and include afternoon tea,pastries and sandwiches us guests and the hotel would be onto a massive winner!! I hope the management note these comments and enhance the lounge to even dizzier heights of satisfaction. all in all a super hotel full stop.	
Jan 18 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Dubai for two weeks in November 2008. Reason was a business trip. We chose the Hyatt as my company has relocated to nearby Health Care City.The hotel is about 10-15 minutes drive from the Airport. Airport transfer are being conducted in a BMW 7 series, by very professional and curteous drivers. Once arrived at the hotel, check in was swift and efficient. We were staying at the Grand Club. The Grand Club Lounge is very big, actually two lounges are existing. The Lounge is open 24 hours and you can always have soft drinks for free which is very nice. A good espresso machine where you can have good espressos/capuccinos is also available 24 hours.The buffet breakfast at the lounge is exclusively continental, you cannot have any egg dishes which is a bit disappointing. The fresh juices they serve are to die for.During the day there is always something small to nibble, before in the evening there is the regular cocktail/hors d'oeuvres hours which extens from 6 - 9 Pm which is nice so you can still relax there after a longer day with a glass of wine e.g. The evening spread for the hors d'oeuvres is ok, but the same as the breakfast a little bit disappointing.The room is spacious and very well maintained/ modern. The entertainment system is top notch, as the TV is from B&amp;O. Selection of channels is great, even a regular German channel (ZDF) was included, which was for me, being a German, great. But also plenty of free movie channels, news channels in all languages were available. The bed is very comfortable and there is ample closet space through a nice walk in closet. Best feature of the room is the bath, whihc is extremely spacious with a separate shower stall which is very spacious too. Housekeeping service is twice a day and very efficient/effective.Restaurant Choice is very good at this hotel. There is a italian, steakhouse, singaporean, sushi, southeast-asian, lebanese/arab and an indian restaurant. My favorite was the indian restaurant which served indian food in a very nice setting and innovative and was surprisingly moderately priced.There is also moevenpick style restaurant which also is very convienent if you want to grab something very fast. Hotel has all the other facilities such as spa, hairdresser, a great pool area, atm machine and other shops.There are also several bars and a night club. the night club MIX was only open on the weekend unfortunately.The only drawback is that the hotel is quite isolated and it takes some time to go to the center of Dubai, nevertheless nearby Al Wafi Mall makes up for some shopping alternatives.Hotel can get quite expensive depending on the season, we paid around 500 USD a night, which i personally quite pricey, but i guess this is what you pay for a top notch hotel in Dubai.Overall the excellent business hotel, to which i will definitely return.	
Jan 18 2009 	Nice hotel in a good location	The Grand Hyatt is a good hotel in a great location. Located next to Wafi mall, it is well located for most things in Deira and it’s easy to get to Jumeirah (outside of peak traffic times) from here. We stayed in a grand club room which gave us access to the private lounge including transfers to/from the airport, breakfast, drinks, canapés, access to the business centre etc and is definitely worth paying the extra cost.Food in the lounge lacked variety but was tasty and while the choice of non-alcoholic drinks was limited they did have a good selection of fruit juice. Alcoholic drinks were available between 6-9pm which definitely makes it worth paying the extra room cost as alcohol in Dubai is expensive.Our room on the 11th floor had amazing views of the creek and city. The room was large, light and airy, but lacked things that you would normally find such as an iron or stationary. The bed was extremely big, but a little too hard for us. The bath room was large, with a big and powerful shower, a small separate bath and the toilet was hidden away behind a frosted glass door. Annoyingly the hairdryer wasn’t very good, so if like me you like to dry your hair in 2 minutes, bring your own. The quality of food at the hotel is mixed. We had room service and ate at Andiamo’s and Sushi which were all excellent. But unfortunately the pool bar/restaurant was of poor quality and taste.The hotel pool is large, but there was a lot of maintenance work going on around the pool while people were in it which was a little disconcerting. As the pool is so big it’s a shame that there is no in-pool bar, particularly as the pool-side service is very slow. However the pool is temperature controlled so it was nice to be able to have a swim despite it feeling a little cold in the wind.Unfortunately we did have one argument with the hotel who tried to impose a compulsory charge on us for the New Year’s Eve celebrations. We were not told about the charge when we confirmed our reservation nor upon checking in, so we were rather angry when a rude member of staff phoned us in our room to say that the charge was being applied and then hung up the phone. We spoke to the manager Ashwin about this who agreed that his staff were sometimes a little abrupt and apologised about not telling us about the charge in advance. He was very courteous and explained the charge covered unlimited alcoholic drinks, a laser show and an indoor fireworks display; and he then gave us time to go away and think about whether or not we would like to be involved in the celebrations. While wondering around the hotel and discussing whether or not to go to the Grand Hyatt party, the events people at the hotel were practicing the laser show and fireworks in the lobby and based on what we saw we decided that it was not worth was 1200 AED to join in the celebrations – it would have been cheaper to clear out the minibar instead.Ashwin was very understanding and let us off the charge. As it turned out celebrations were cancelled by Sheikh Mohammad and the hotel was only allowed to do something low key, but the hotel still didn’t let guests off the charge, they had to pay irrespective.We chose the Grand Hyatt as my husband had been here on business. The hotel is good considering the number of rooms that it manages, but it lacks the magic that you find in many of Dubai’s other hotels. But is makes a good base if it’s your first time or if you don’t know Dubai very well. But if you are looking for some of Dubai’s charm, you won’t find it here.	
Jan 13 2009 	Wow	WOW what an awesome hotel. This is truely a 5 star.... hotel. Everything about our stay was wonderful. The staff was also very nice and helpful. i can't wait to go back. I highly recommend this hotel. No negatives to report.	
Dec 22 2008 	Perfect resort hotel (without beach 	I stay at Grand Hyatt Dubai once a year... and after 3 years still find it a nice hotel to spend a few relaxing nights. It's a big hotel but don't let the +700 rooms withold you of staying here ! Once in the hotel you never get the impression that it's crowded, the lobby is big enough - still impressive the 3 enormous boat keels that hang in the lobby - the staff take their time to welcome you and guarantee a quick and hassle free check-in. The rooms are nice and big with of course all the usual amenities of a 5* hotel (TV, internet, safe, bathrobe, huge soft fluffy towels...). Rooms are carpeted, bathroom has tiles.Nice clean marble bathroom with shower (no bath), separate wc and bidet. However the little trays with the bathroom amenities are getting a little worn out. There are quite some restaurants here and my favourite still is &quot;The Peppercrab&quot;; an asian fusion cuisine but oh so lovely and tasty presented !! For cheap &amp; quick try &quot;The Marketplace&quot;, where also breakfast is served. You can get a decent meal for around 25 Euro per person, it's divided into 3 open kitchens where you will find tasty asian, indian and italian dishes. The hotel has a huge garden with swimming pool &amp; poolbar, covered childrens pool, Spa, jogging track and other sports facilities. I fell asleep by the poolside one afternoon and when I woke up the poolbar was just closing but the waiter still came over and asked me if I wanted to order drinks. I find this hotel a perfect resort hotel, the only thing it doesn't have is a beach &amp; seaview. But who needs this with Wafi Shopping center &amp; cinema's only 5 min. away on foot (yes you can walk to Wafi).I recommend this hotel for business purpose (consider bringing your partner/ children along) and normal tourists too.	
Dec 17 2008 	Wow!	Well this hotel is impressive .It's one of the biggest in Dubai.Excellent service,friendly staff,big clean rooms.It's very hard to find something negative to write. Maybe the only problem is the price which is high.	
Dec 7 2008 	Flawless	Simply the best hotel in Dubai...Everything is perfect...The room is sooo big and has all what you might need (even a flashlight!!!)The location is very convinient if you are business in Bur Dubai area...and it only takes 10-15 mins to reach the airport...I didn't have time to try the pool and other facilities of the hotel but they look just GR8!!Enjoy your stay in this exellent hotel	
Dec 6 2008 	AMAZZzZzZzING!!!!!	well, wot can i say. Me and a friend stayed here for 10 nights arriving very early the day of check in the staff were extremely welcoming and professional. They offered complimentary tea/coffee/orange juice and gave us a GRAND tour of the hotel and facilities on offer whilst we waited for check in-time. They made every effort to offer us the room early and indeed did so we got our room 5 hours prior to the intended check-in time. They only kept us waiting around 30 minutes thats how the service here is OUTSTANDING, every excursion booked via the hotel was outstanding without any problems whatsoever. The breakfast here is amazing offering MANY MANY choices including freshly made pancakes and waffles to your order which were absolutely devine. We had a creek view room which was lovely and serviced whenever it was convenient to you offering fresh fruit and bottled water daily, the staff simply cannot do enough for you, extremely pleasant and very welcoming. I have always stayed in 5 star accomodation but the grand hyatt stood out immensely and I will definately be staying here on my next visit to dubai. Enjoy.	
Dec 6 2008 	Good location good service!	It is near to the airport and shopping malls. The lobby garden is well maintained to a five star level. The rooms are not as fancy as the lobby, but still agreeable.	
Nov 23 2008 	just awesome	just fantastic. the service and the staff is impeccable. everyone you pass in the hallway says good morning, good afternoon, good evening. if you ask the staff where something is in the hotel, they will walk you there.The best dining experience I have ever had was at the Awtar Lebanese restaurant. Great food, perfect service, good show (local music, belly dancer and singer starting after 9pm). You MUST try Awtar. Also dined at Wox... service was good, food was average.	
Nov 14 2008 	Loved it!	Absolutely fabulous ! Great service, great location - just loved it!	
Oct 26 2008 	Quite nice airport hotel	We booked this hotel as we were flying out early the next morning and wanted a hotel close to the airport. However we had considered booking this hotel for our entire stay as it was recommended for families with children. I was so relieved that we hadn't. Quite simply it is an ideal transit hotel, but its location makes it completely unsuitable for a family holiday. The lobby is certainly impressive but the rooms were average and in our experience it only just merits its five stars.	
Oct 8 2008 	A great hotel !!!	During our honeymoon we made a stop over at Dubai after returning from the maldives and stayed for 3 nights at the Grand Hyatt . The hotel is truly a 5 star hotel. Starting from the doorboys, the receptionists and all the staff that are really eager to serve you. We also booked a desert safari through our hotel and everything was great!Afterwards, the interior of the hotel is very impressive ! Wooden hulls of boats hanging from the ceiling, a small river with a lot of fish and plants, small waterfalls...really fantastic.And everything very clean!The rooms are very spacious, very clean and the bed very comfortable! You have a walk-in closet room, a huge bathroom, a desk...everything we needed. Since we were honeymooners they brought to our room red wine, fruit, chocolates, various peanuts and 40 red roses !!! The breakfast was over average. Had a great variety of food to choose from(eggs,bacon,ham,cheeses,omelettes,pancakes,waffles,cereals,croissants, various bakery, juices, milks, teas, coffees, beans, potatoes, fresh vegetables, fresh fruit.....just cant remember all)The indoor pool was very nice.I would recommend to anyone visiting dubai not to hesitate to stay in this hotel.Near to the airport and the city center (distances in dubai are small) and close to Wafi Mall.A great stay at a great hotel !!!	
Oct 7 2008 	Great service at the Hyatt	We spent 3 nights here at the beginnng of October. We arrived very early in the morning 7.30am and they gave us a room immediately. Room was great, large, bright, excellent facilities and views. We had booked on a B&amp;B basis and even though we weren't entitled to breakfast on our first day the reception staff suggested we visited the 14th floor where there was an excellent buffet breakfast - no eggs and bacon but meats, smoked salmon, bread, pastries etc. with more great views - all free!Room was cleaned every time we were out and water and fruit replenished. The atrium was forested with real trees and pools with koi.Whenever we asked for something it was done promptly and with a smile. At one point we were in the lobby waiting to speak to someone about booking a trip - it was very busy and all the staff were busy but a gentleman doing something on the other side of the lobby spotted that we had been waiting about 30 seconds and came to help and we were sorted out immediately.The pool area was great, people promptly helped with towels, moving parasols etc. The people sorting out taxis were also efficient. We visited quite a few other hotels in Dubai during our stay for drinks and food and the service at the Hyatt outshone them all.Overall the place was impeccable and the staff were the cherry on the cake.	
Oct 6 2008 	Excellent once again	We have just returned from another wonderful stay at the Grand Hyatt, in Dubai. This was our 3rd stay at the hotel, which we initially booked for 6 nights, but enjoyed it so much, we extended it for a further 2 nights, mid-stay.Flew overnight, from Heathrow, on Emirates and arrived at the hotel at 8am.Although we were not entitled to a room until 3pm, the hotel was not full and we went through the usual check-in procedure, you are in a standard city view room, would you like to pay to upgrade to a city view room? (we declined), swipe the credit card and they handed us our key. As we walked away to go to our room, we were called back. One more thing, Mr &amp; Mrs Fisher, sadly our swimming pool is out of use and we wish to make available to you, the facilities at our sister hotels the Park Hyatt and Hyatt Regency. Again we declined, saying that we didn’t want to spend all day going backwards and forwards between hotels. We asked to see the manager, who was of course, unavailable. We said that we would see him later. I was not happy about this situation, at all. I had been in daily e-mail contact with the hotel asking various things and this had not been mentioned once.We went to the room and unpacked and headed to the pool to see what was going on. The 2 children’s pools were OK and lots of adults were just hanging around there and sitting in the water to cool off, when necessary. The main pool had been completely drained and was being re-tiled and repaired / cleaned, where necessary. Apparently a water inlet pipe had burst underground and had pumped dirty water into the pool meaning it had to be drained, cleaned and re-filled. Whilst it was empty it made sense to make any required repairs. Maybe this was true, but it was a bit of a coincidence that it was coming to the end of Ramadan and the hotel was only half full.Anyway, the manager visited our room that evening and we made the point that to us, as tourists, the pool was the hotels biggest selling point and is what makes it in our opinion the best hotel in the city. The manager offered us complimentary dinners (Manhattan Grill Steakhouse and Peppercrab Seafood) for the days that we would be without a pool, we agreed that a fixed amount of credit be set against our account, per day. Personally, we prefer to eat out and about and this meant we weren’t tied to spending it on specific nights, in specific places.The main pool returned to full use on our third day and we got on with enjoying our holiday. We enjoyed it so much, that we asked what our credit would by us in terms of extra nights. The manager agreed that if we paid a discounted rate for one extra night, they would use our credit to give us a 2nd extra night and then upgrade us “free” for the rest of our stay to Grand Club. We had to pay extra to Emirates to change the date of our return flight, but the savings on our bar bill, during the 6pm-9pm cocktail hour probably paid for that, anyway!!We ate out at Thai Chi (excellent, as always) and Carters at Wafi City. We did suffer at Carters, on the night we had pre-dinner drinks there before going into Thai Chi. They have a 6pm – 8pm Happy Hour, where drinks prices are reduced. We ordered our last round of drinks at 7.50 and the bar man seemed to be unusually slow in pouring them and then when I asked to pay the bill, he again seemed to be taking as long as he could. He passed me the bill and all of the drinks were full-price. I asked what happened to Happy Hour and he pointed out that the bill was printed at 8.01pm. Sharp practice, but the manager did his job and sorted it out, although i did have to threaten to cancel our dinner reservation there for the following night. When we did return the next day, the service was excellent.These incidents are excellent examples of the way things should be handled and after hearing some of the horror stories coming out of the Atlantis opening week, these are the reasons that we shall return to Grand Hyatt, Dubai, very soon.	
Oct 3 2008 	Excellent hotel	Excellent hotel , very good services and good tariff. Also , in my opinion with a good location. We have rented a car and everything was perfect. We stayed for 8 nights and we liked very much.	
Oct 1 2008 	The most luxurious room i've ever had!	I had 4 nights here on a stopover enroute back to Australia. (Late Aug/Early Sept) Decided to treat myself and ended up here at the Hyatt!The hotel organised a limo to pick me up from the airport, It was a nice little BMW with Bar Fridge, But since the hotel is only a 10 min drive from the airport i didnt get to enjoy it for too long!Once i arrived the porter took my bag and i proceeded to the Check In Desk. The gentleman who checked me in was very friendly (I think he was turkish) and I was issued a room on the 9th floor and wow...... I asked for the basic room but it felt more like a suite and i ended up having a creek view despite not thinking i was getting one!The bed was SO comfortable and the walls were soundproofed really well! The Shower and Bath were fitted with gold fixtures and had a very generous supply of tolietries! The Plasma tv had about 50 channels with about 20 english and the rest a combination of Arabic, Hindu, and even russian!There was a fully stocked Mini Bar (Which was great considering it was going into Ramadan) and an air conditioning unit which was able to be controlled. And believe me in Dubai you'll want the Air Conditioner on 24/7!The Outdoor Pool is just amazing! It really is as huge as it is portrayed but they close it at 8pm! However the Indoor Pool and spa which are smaller but nice in their own degree are open until 11pm! As i was there during the start of ramadan the hotel kept around 2 restaurants open each day for westerners, I did try the Market Cafe one night for dinner, They give you a card and once in the buffet as you choose what you want you get the server to swipe it and at the end of your meal you can choose to pay it there and then or add to your hotel bill.I booked the City tour and Desert Safari through Orient Tours, I highly recommend them! I also saw a lot of Arabian Adventures tour buses around!Taxi's are plentiful and the guys outside would always call you one immediately. It costs around 5 dirham to get to Wafi Mall, or 35 Dirham to get to Mall of the Emirates (Ski Dubai), 40 Dirham to Jumeirah Beach. The taxi's are all clean and brand new Toyota Camry's! And most importantly air conditioned!The only thing i can fault this hotel on is i found the staff a little too intrusive at times, Relaxing by the pool they would constantly appear and try and get you things, Housekeeping were constantly up and down the halls cleaning rooms (Take note: leave your Do not Disturb Switch on or else you could get knocks on the door 3 or 4 times).And i felt they were constantly wanting tips! I'd be happy to stay here again, But next time i think i'll try one of the Jumeirah Beach hotels!	
Sep 22 2008 	Five star!!!	My wife and i went there last October. We arrived there at the last day of Ramadan but that did not affect in any way our stay.The hotel is really a five star. The room was large, king size bed, large bathroom, every morning they left an English news paper outside our room door.They also brought 2 bottles of water each day.The room and the hotel where clean (we arrived there at 2 o´clock in the morning and they had people cleaning the hotel!)The pool of the hotel was really big, with plenty of towels and sun beds to use. They had people there to help you at all the times and periodically they brought frozen towels and cucumber for your eyes!The hotel has large beautiful gardens and excellent facilities.Stayed there 5 nights and definably will go back.The location of the hotel was good as well. In Dubai the taxis are really cheap and you could easily get one from the hotel at all times.Definitely a 5 star hotel!	
Sep 15 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Wonderful Holiday!	My husband and I have just returned from a week at the Grand Hyatt, it was fabulous. From the moment we arrived the service was faultless. Superb creek room view, excellent staff, wonderful facilities. Stayed bed &amp; breakfast and the breakfasts were first class. Pool area really nice, with plenty of sunbeds. Iced towels brought around frequently with cucumber slices for your eyes, I could get used to it!!Nice touches such as fruit bowl replenished daily in our room, bottles of water supplied twice daily at least, fresh bedlinen and bath robes daily, and towels changed no sooner they had been used. Complimentary English newspapers daily, I could go on and on.One thing for certain, we will be back!!	
Sep 13 2008 	Loved the hotel but....	We stayed 2 nights at the Grand Hyatt as part of a 2 night stopover on the way to Athens. We had upgraded our room to a Creek View. After a 16 hour flight, we arrived to find &quot;no rooms available&quot; and sat in the foyer for over 4 hours. We were exhausted and not impressed. I was told they could find a room if Iwepaid an additional $300. I said No to that. Whilst I realise that we were there before normal check-in time, flights from the east coast of Australia all arrive early in the morning, but our onward trip also means that we leave early in the morning. As these stopovers are promoted and the hotel agrees to be part of it, I felt it was very unprofessional. I know we paid over $1,000 for the 2 nights.Apart from that experience. It is a magnificent hotel with wonderful facilities. The dining is superb and the rooms are spacious and comfortable with excellent bathrooms.	
Sep 11 2008 	One of the best	Just returned from this wonderful hotel truely five star, class from the moment the taxi pulled up to the front door untill it pulled away everyone and everything that all the hotel staff could do for us was done, breakfast hugh well cooked and plentiful , rooms hugh clean and well presented, all in all the best hotel we have stayed in.	
Sep 5 2008 	Fabulous Hotel!	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 nights after we had been to the Maldives. The Hotel was amazing. When we arrived there were doormen to open the taxi doors for us. Check in was quick. The room was huge and that was a standard room. There were red roses, chocolates and wine for us as we were on our honeymoon. The bathroom was huge too!The pool was lovely, the sunbeds very comfortable and cold towels were brought round frequently. We didnt eat by the pool as there werent many vegetarian options for us. We had breakfast at the Market Cafe......out of this world! There was so much to choose from! we ate so much we didnt need lunch! We ate in the hotel one night for dinner at the Japanese noodle place, but the service was slow and disappointing.The staff were all very friendly and the hotel was beautiful inside, especially the whole garden effect! The location was good, you pretty much have to take taxis everywhere esp cos of the heat, but the taxis were cheap! I would deffo recommend this hotel, infact i would stay there again in the future.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great Hotel	This is an excellent hotel. We stayed one night in a Creek Room and found the facilities, comfort and service to be first class. We arrived at 8am after an overnight flight and were shown straight to our room and offered breakfast.We ate at Andiamo and had a lovely meal, again the service was excellent, the food was great and the atmosphere was lovely.I would throughly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 12 2008 	One of the best.	Stayed for 5 nights at the beginning of August.The front entrance is like most of the big 5 star hotels very big and impressive. The front of house staff/ front great and meet gentleman/ bag boys all very on the ball.Checks in staff were quick and always through our stay these front of house staff were always “at your service” and never had to wait to talk to them.The lifts up to the rooms, well there’s no waiting for these at all, clean and shinny!The room we had 777 was fine for 3 adults, but you must ask for a no smoking room if you are a non-smoker, though they do have a machine to remove the smell of smoke. There is, which is a shame as noise can be heard, connecting doors between rooms. Flat screens TV are new. Big windows over looking the area. Black out curtains worked very well. 3 telephones and a “great big bath room”. Much bigger than the ones on the Jeremiah beach hotels and we have stayed in most of them.Room service, turn down services, room make up, FIRST CLASS. Other hotels again could learn a thing or too on this.The restraints. Well here you’re spoilt for choice. Again like other 5 star hotels you have the world of food available on a plate from English to curries! (for breakfast).Pools. Well please see the photos. They do not have a swim up bar which some might miss but otherwise the pool staffs were always there to see to your every need.We never had a bad meal at this hotel and with 25% off all food areas in the hotel it was a real treat not to feel over priced.Kids. There is what seemed to be a very well run kids club.Over all, the Hyatt is up there with the Le Meridian Beach R &amp; S the Mina Sayahi and better than the Hilton or Sheraton all of which we have stayed in.Cheeper than the other Dubai hotels and a lot less people. Have fun.photo times are not correct!	
Aug 12 2008 	Fabulous......	Superb!!! is the only word that can describe the holiday I have just had at this hotel/country.Hotel is like a palace and the people cannot do enough for you and its never too much trouble. They made me feel like royalty the entire time I was there. I've never known such wonderful &quot;service with a smile&quot; before.As for &quot;Dubai&quot; its unique. The contrast of old and modern has to be seen to be believed. There is so much to see and do a week wasnt quite enough, but I do not recommend going in August. The humidity is high and the sun extremely hot. Feels like being in a sauna while you are out of air con buildings/bus stops/ shops/ taxis etc.Taxis are cheap and quick. Be warned! alcohol in hotels is VERY pricey. Pick some up in duty free on your way there.A desert safari and creek cruise is a must together with a visit to the gold/spice/fabric malls.Dont let the &quot;myth&quot; of the Arabian people put you off going because they are by far the nicest, friendliest people I have met whilst travelling. As for building works - dont worry. There is little or no noise or disruption from any of it. In fact you dont even notice it going on.I will definitely be going back to Dubai. Its all you could ask for in a luxury holiday.	
Aug 10 2008 	Favorite getaway in Dubai	My husband and I have stayed here 3 times and enjoyed each visit greatly! The service is excellent and staff very friendly. We ate at the Market Cafe' for lunch and breakfast...absolutely delicious food and so many choices!! The atrium garden is gorgeous and so peaceful to stroll through. We would highly recommend this hotel on your next visit to Dubai.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in Grand Hyatt for 10 nigts in July.The hotel was better then we expected and friendliness of staff superb.Great breakfast and swimming pool.It is not often that hotels are beyond expectation but this one is a great value for money.Location is good,we thought it was not so good when we booked but it is very centered and Dubai isn´t as big as we thougt.20 minutes drive to Jumeira and deira and the airport few minutes away.The heat was not to hectic we just spent few hours after lunch in the shopping malls.Madinat resort is a must see with plenty of café´s and restaurants.We will choose the grand Hyatt again.Have fun in Dubai.Kristján and Bergrún	
Jul 25 2008 	A fantastic 5 star experience - business trip	Fantastic 5 star hotel. I was in Dubai on a business trip and the conference was held very close to the hotel, so it worked out perfectly. The hotel is literally 5 minutes away from the airport however that said about its location, I am not sure if I would want to stay here if my objective was to relax at the beach or stay close to the newer developed areas in the city of Dubai where traffic has started to take its toll. As regards the facilities that the hotel offerred, top notch! The room: spacious, the bathroom huge, and the glass window walls offering great sights of the city. The internet: speedy. The pool, jacuzzi and sauna: good. The service: great.	
Jul 19 2008 	Truly A 5 Star Property	stayed at this hotel for 6 nights , grand hyatt has so many dinning options that its difficult to chosseevery night (8-9 options) , the front office manager mr. girish bhagat was very helpful check in and check out was done in 5 mins , room service and house keeping would attend to very need possible and in minutes a very well managed hotel . its worth the price , the rooms and bathrooms are of a good size and location too is very central , would go back soon !	
Jul 11 2008 	We Lovvvvvve This Hotel	We have been staying at The Grand Hyatt for the last 3 years..we have been about 5 times and have just booked for later this month.Located 20 minutes from the airport it is a perfect base for all shopping malls.The hotel is just the right size with several great restaurants.We have a 9 year old daughter who spends the morning in either the kids pool,which has 2 slides,or the adult pool.Then in the afternoon she goes to the kids club who remember her each time.There is a mixture of activities for the chldren to do throughout the day.Try out the market place for breakfast,lunch or dinner....you can choose from salads,pizzas,pasta,chicken etc all sold from seperate style stalls.We book for the club level rooms as there are 2 lounges for club guests,one for families and one for adults.There you can have breakfast and they have free soft drinks and teas and coffee all day.In the evening,between 6 and 9 there are snacks and alcohol.For me this is one of the best hotels in Dubai.We have stayed in the Jumeriah and have found it too big...and many others along the Jumeriah beach that have been ok but as we dont use the beach we prefer th Grand Hyatt.	
Jul 10 2008 	A truly GRAND hotel...	Where to begin...This hotel is truly exceptional, from the moment we walked in we were absolutely in awe with the architecture of the property, the interiors and of course the lobby! Everything was immaculately finished and maintained... the gardens were amazing and all the various water features, were impressive. The room - we were in a Grand Twin room and this was really nice and suprisingly big. Another reveiwer has advised that the rooms in this place were small - this is incorrect as they are huge! We had a small sofa in our room, with a desk and two chairs, generous storage area with a seperate walk-in style wardrobe. In the bathroom, there were two seperate sinks, a seperate large enclosure housing the toilet and bidet, a deep soak bathtub and a seperate large shower. All in all the rooms were impressive. We had a very nice view of the city skyline (with the Raffles and Wafi City in the foreground and the buildings on Sheikh Zayed Rd in the background, inc Emirates Towers and the Burj Dubai). I would recommend this view instead of the creek view rooms, which I thought were not that impressive! Also, contrary to a previous review, the hotels rooms are now equipped with 26inch LCD Samsung TV's.Breakfast at the hotel was plentiful and loads of good, well cooked and presented food. The hotel also serves pork, which is nice! They cater for an international pallette so there is Indian options, Arabic options, American, Continental etc etc... the Eggs Benedict was amazing, so was the sauteed shitake mushrooms.We tried numerous restaurants in the hotel, inc IZ, Andiamo and Awtar. For evening time, Awtar was nice as they had live entertainment and dancers. IZ was overpriced, but nice food. Andiamo, cheap and cheerful!The pool area is absolutely huge... i can see why they say its one of the largest freeform pools in the Middle East. The shaded pool area... and the kids pools have water slides and fun fountains etc etc... Another reviewer advised that they had problems with the sunbeds being too widely spaced out! This was not a problem at all for us, as the hotel within its grounds has loads of sunbeds grouped together. They even have canopies-four poster tents, that you can sit under.Taxis from this hotel to anywhere are always less than £10. For example... to go to Jumeirah Beach and the Burj it costed us 45AED, to go to the Gold and Diamond Park it costed 40AED, to go to the Gold Souk it costed 25AED etc etc... so its pretty cheap compared to UK standards.In sum, this is an exceptional hotel that lives up to Hyatt's international reputation. The hotel is very large, so make sure you familiarise yourself with the place.	
Jun 21 2008 	Grand Hyatt fail to honour quotes	We contacted the Grand Hyatt Dubai by email and they replied promptly with an acceptable quote. When we called them (from New Zealand) to give them our credit card details as they requested we were told they wouldn't honour the price emailed and we would have to pay an extra $750 per night!!! I was told to go back to the website and try to see prices there ( I have no Idea why) so i instead forwarded the quote. I received a call and was told again the price wouldn't be honured. UNBELIEVABLE.I was also surprised by how aloof all the people i dealt with were.Perhaps Dubai itself is overrated......	
Jun 20 2008 	excellent hotel	what a fantastic hotel. just back from a 5 day break and the service is second to none. it was my wife's birthday and they went out of their way to ensure that everything was perfect, flowers on arrival, birthday cake and chocolates!!!!!!!! Housekeeping was spot on and nothing was too much trouble. I can also recommend the Grand Spa, whether for treatments or just to utilise the sauna, steam room or jacuzzi, it was fab. The gardens are beautiful as is the pool area. Service at the pool is also superb with towel waiters as well as pool bar waiters, pandering to your every need.Lots of choice for dining in the hotel if a little expensive. ***TIP, charge your meals to your room and you will receive a discount of 25%, summer offer only***Try the set meal at the Lebanese restaurant, but dont have lunch that day if you want to take advantage of all the meze dishes, they are endless. If you can, book yourself on a bed and breakfast deal as the buffet breakfast is well worth any additional cost that you need to pay.Rooms are spacious, elegant and bathrooms are luxurious. We stayed in one of the Creek View King rooms.	
Jun 18 2008	Average	My wife and I stayed for 5 days at the end of May. Easiest check in ever in DXB. Valet parking is good too.Room was okay, average size, though the big windows were great at night for watching the city. As another visitor mentioned in a review the rooms are very quiet. The Hotel did seem to be more or less empty though!Issues arose with room service taking away our bathrobes and not supplying a daily fruit bowl which we told to expect. There are no signs within the hotel to direct you to the pools/Sunbeds. The hotel grounds are vast so it would have been helpful. There are signs outside of course in the gardens which are beautiful. We walked round them every morning enjoying the view and the birdlife it attracts.We felt much of the pool at 2 metres deep is too deep for kids. Yes there is a kids pool but 2 metres is too deep for but the best swimmers. There are not enough sunbeds around the pool. The hotel has hundreds of rooms and was more or less empty when we were there but we wandered round every day struggling to find 2 beds together because the beds are laid out in relatively small groups compared to other hotels. Breakfast was fine but nothing special. All in all it is obviously a good hotel but no where as good as we hoped. It really needs something special to stand out. For example le meridien Al aqah was special. Great rooms and our balcony was bigger than a tennis court. Oasis beach hotel has amazingly friendly staff ,good food and its dirt cheap. Beach Rotana abu Dhabi is brilliantly located for the mall, for a walk into town, for great resteraunts on your doorstep, a great bar (Brauhaus) and much more. I dont believe This hotel is that good.	
Jun 16 2008 	Very very good	Me and my family stayed at Grand Hyatt for 3 nights from may 14 to may 17. I have to say that the hotel is absolutely beautiful. Pools, gardens, lobby, rooms, views, everything. Since I like architecture and design very much, I enjoyed every detail of it. I definitely recommend to visit the hotel, however, I have to mention some problems. First, don't take a room near an elevator. The elevator itself is not a problem, but trolleys used by the staff make loud sound. And they start really early. Another problem was the Market cafe.It was nice, the variety of meals offered was good, but I consider the quality of it to be much lower than the hotel class. It is true, that it was the cheapest option but surely not that cheap. I ate there only twice, but I was also disappointed twice. These were the only problems we experienced during our stay, which was, apart from them, truly exceptional.	
Jun 16 2008 	Nice hotel and location BUT	We arrived at the Grand Hyatt at 20.00 on 1st June and check in was perfect with no waiting and with all the booking confimrmed we were given our pass and told where lifts were.No cool towels or welcome fruit juice drink was supplied ( we have always been given these at any other hotel in DXB) The room we had was on the 9th floor with a Creek view and was larger than I expected and did have a nice view especially at night when we were getting ready to go out or when we were coming back in.However on the rooms we had to complain right away as when I turned back the sheets I found they were soiled and obviously had not been changed for our arrival.Other issues with the room was that it was not being serviced properly and on Tuesday it still had not been done by 4pm and on the Thursday we had the lads coming in to do the evening turndown before the room was done for the morning servicing.Apart from the room issues we had a good time at the hotel although a little more information about it would have been helpful as there were not any signs at any of the desks to say who was what regards check in concierge or anything.Breakfast in the Market Cafe was good and a plentiful selection was available although no individual ommlettes were available.Everything else was good about it and there should be no problem in getting something filling no matter how fussy an eater anyone is.We tried a meal there in the evening but would not go there at night again as it was not as good thenManhattan Grill was also a good restaurant although we had to wait over an hour for a table as we had not pre-booked one even although it was nearly empty.Wox restaurant we found to be excellent and would really recommend a visit here The water features in the main hotel are nice and the foyer was well laid out with meeting areas.Pools the outdoor pool was great and when the heat became too much then the indoor pooland jacuzzi was a luxury not to be missed.The hotel itself must be about the quitest we have been to in DXB as regards no noise around the rooms or hallways and doors that shut without banging.Overall it was a good stay and would think about going there again if we wanted a city hotel.At checkout we were asked how our stay was and when we pointed out the problems on the room issue the hotel manager came over and expressed deep concern that we had had a problem and took notes of what our complaints were and advised us to ask for him if we come back again to the hotel .My overall view of the hotel was of a very good hotel good for business clients as well as tourists and ideally situated for getting about,also with no building work around it to speak of it is always quiet and relaxing	
Jun 2 2008 	Take advantage of the pool at the Grand Hyatt	Stayed at the GH for 2 weeks on business trip. The hotel has a great entrance, and a very comfortable lobby where you can meet up with ppl and sit down for a chat. Although I was booked into a standard room, it was spacious, with a small walk-in closet, large LCD tv, writing desk, couch, etc. Service was efficient and friendly, room service was also good. Tried almost all the restaurants, and liked the Manhattan Grill the most. Awtar was fine for Lebanese food (although I prefer Al Nafoorah at Emirates Towers). Peppercrab was good too. Breakfast was not very inspiring, and only complaint is that my coffee always arrived towards the middle of my breakfast, despite repeated reminders at the entrance, before I sat down and after digging in to my breakfast. On the weekend I had room service breakfast, which was cheaper than the buffet (eggs and bacon, toast, coffee), and quite prompt.One thing you should not miss is the swimming pool, both outdoor (huge) and indoor, jacuzzi, steam sauna etc. I especially loved the cool damp face towels and iced water they provide in the changing room. Unfortunately I only had one weekend there, but I went down to the pool both days. The GH is located near Wafi City mall, just 10-15 min walk from the hotel. It was a pleasant walk in Feb, but recommend you take the taxi after March. The mall has a food court selling arabian food on the top floor, with many kebabs, salads, sweets etc. which was quite nice. There's also a Chinese restaurant in Wafi Pyramids (where all the restaurants are), but the one you should really try is Indian food - Asha. You may need to make reservations, but the mango lassi is to die for.	
May 4 2008	Superb	I love this place, its one of the best in my opinion in Dubai, the lobby and main area is fantastic, streams and rivers running through the whole place! The pool is suberb, huge area aswell as kids pool, but still remains relaxing and quiet. The staff are superb helpful in every way - i feel its a good location, unless you want a business hotel or a beach resort its a great one in the middle, right next to the lovly wafi shopping centre - lots of resturaunts all around. I like to visit different hotels on each stay but will definitely come back here.	
Apr 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent hotel. Excellent service. Very good location. Excellent restaurants (Awtar is fantastic). Excellent facilities (indoor pool and jacuzzi area is a must especially at late afternoon). I am definitely staying again.	
Apr 17 2008	Name say it all	I just returned home from 3 nights at the Grand Hyatt DubaiI booked a deluxe room in the sixth floor Room was large and includes all you need Access to Spa and pool from each floor in a separate left which was great.Hot Stone Message was something not to be missedConcierge and great local women staff at reception was something I likedInternet cost was 3 Dhr per mnt so at is much wise to take 140 Dhs per accessLobby was unique and loved the piano play in the eveningsRestaurants was great I think one of the best in town I tried Manhattan Grill and was great as will Sushi and AwtarI recommend this hotel for big families also for business and honeymoonersDefiantly will have a great and unique stayAboaziz	
Apr 5 2008 	What a wonderful stay!	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at Grand Hyatt and can only describe our stay as superb and faultless!Our trip to Dubai was to go to the Dubai World Cup and to kick back and relax for the week!We arrived at the hotel approx 2300 and was checked in very quickly by a very friendly and efficient gent (George) who was keen to offer any information or assistance we required. After completing the formalities were given our room, a Club Creek View on 12th Floor.We arrived at our room only to find it to be one of the biggest we have stayed in, the room has walk-in wardrobe, a huge bathroom with walk-in shower, bath, twin sinks and a seperate toilet area - needless to say it was spotlessly clean, almost clinical!The room had twin beds ( brothers sharing) and an awesome view across the Creek. Our luggage arrived minutes later and the bell boy only left the room once we were completely satisfied with everything inc the workings of lights of room.As we were staying in a Club Room Breakfast was inc in our rate which could be enjoyed either in the Club Lounge upstairs on 14th Floor or down in the Market St Cafe, we chose the Market St Cafe the first day and can honestly say it was the best breakfast I have ever eaten and seen! There is food t suit every mood and palate! The food is offered at varying stations i,e Fresh Fruit Station, Hot Cooked Station (Omelette, Fried Eggs, Veal/Pork Bacon, Beans etc) Bakery Station etc etc If you would like something not offered the Chef will only be too happy and willing to make it for you! There are numerous waiting staff who continually keep your glass filled with freshly squeezed juices - 10/10!The Outdoor pool area is fantastic offering lots of areas to suit all tastes, a large pool area, kiddies area, a large grassed area for people who prefer a bit of quiet etc Lounger Beds are top quality and pool attendants ensure that your bed is made as you like it and constantly offer Iced Towels to provide much needed Cooling in the midday heat!The food around the pool area is of an excellent standard, offering lots of different dishes . The Burgers are fantastic as are Club Sandwiches, quite reasonably priced too. Pool are always present to make sure you are feeling fine!We ate at 2 Restaurants at the hotel - The Italian and Peppercrab (FIsh&amp;Seafood) both eateries didn't disappoint - truly tremendous food served up at both restaurants and again very reasonably priced!As we were staying at a Club Room, we had complimentary access to the Club Lounge which was open all day offering complimentary soft beverages. Between 1800-2100 the Lounge offers an excellent range of food which changes each evening and complimentary Champagne, 4 White Wines, 4 Red Wines and a range of Spirits to be enjoyed whilst viewing the amazing view across Dubai! The Lounge staff are so friendly and courteous, especially Hazem - what a top guy!Our room was services twice daily, in the morning to make up the room which was carried out to a regimented clinical standard, truly faultless. The evening service was to turn down the beds, remove and used glasses and to replace used towels and robes! We were traveling as a party of 5 and neither of us could find any fault with Grand Hyatt, our 7 week stay was a very special and memorable one!Our journey home started with a ride to the airport in a brand new, huge, black landcruiser - Hotel to Airport approx 10 mins (this was another perk of booking a Club Room)This was my 5th visit to Dubai, having stayed at lots of Hotels in Dubai inc Arabian Court at Royal Mirage, Le Meridien Mina Seyahi, the Grand Hyatt was a great choice and a hotel we will certainly return to in the future!Enjoy your stay, we did!	
Apr 1 2008 	Wow!	Wow.What a hotel. Absolutely loved it. The service at the hotel is really what makes it, the staff couldnt' do enough for us. An example.... our bags didn't arrive on the flight with us, but we got a call at 10 the next morning to say the hotel had rang the airport on our behalf, found out that our bags had arrived and sent a car to collect them and they'd be delivered up to our room in 15 mins.It was too hot while we were there to use the outdoor pool, but the indoor pool/spa was fantastic. We went on our last night and found an amazing candlelit pool, the changing rooms have complementary bottled water, robes, slippers etc. We were very disappointed we had only discovered it on our last night! Didn't have breakfast included in the rate but did have room service once or twice which was gorgeous. Not to mention the lovely little chocs that were waiting on arrival.Literally couldn't find fault with the hotel.	
Mar 27 2008	Grander than GRAND	The hotel was truly spectacular! The rooms were luxurious and so clean. All rooms have floor to sealing windows which give a fantastic view of the city in the day and even better in the night!The SPA is toooooo NICE!!! Everyone staying in the hotel can use the facilities free, and you must make the most of the relaxation room. Its mind blowing.At breakfast here is no menu. The chiefs are make you anything and everything you could ever imagine. There’s fresh fruit with freshly baked pastries and waffles with pancakes and much more.I have been Dubai 3 times and I have stayed at the Grand Hyatt all 3 times.	
Mar 25 2008 	Return visit just as good	I previously wrote a very favourable review for this hotel in June 2006 and I can confirm that nothing has changed in the almost 2 years since we visited it previously. The level of service is still as high and the property itself is still maintained to a very high standard.RoomsWe stayed in a Club Creekview Room and on initial check in they did not have our request of a high room with no smoking. Had to take a smoking room for the first evening and they do really smell of smoke! We were moved without any problem the next morning to a very nice room (1041) on the 10th floor and it had additional floor space as it was on the end of the corridor.The room is spacious with again the walk in wardrobe to store all your shopping!!The standard of cleaning is very high with morning cleaning and evening turndown. Nothing to complain about on this front.Food/LoungeWe used the lounge area for breakfast each morning instead of the Market area - you can use either one. It was very quiet and peaceful up there on the 14th floor instead of the frenzied noise downstairs. The selection is only continental but this is all we wanted anyway so it suited our needs.In the evening drinks and canapes are served from 6-9pm so plenty of time to have a drink before dinner. Food is very good and if you are not too hungry you could easily eat there each evening and not bother with dinner. We noticed a lot of the business travellers doing this. Look out for Leo who serves you like a true professional and with a good personality.PoolThe pool area is enormous and for those who like space when swimming then this is ideal. The water is luke warm so easy to slip into when you are a bit hot from the sun. The standard of cleanliness is also very high and there is always a staff member available to move your bed or umbrella if they see you trying to do it yourself. The cucumber and cold towels still arrive each day.Water by the pool is not too expensive for a 5 star, just over €4 for a large bottle of perrier. We did not eat by the pool but the food looked delicious.Room Service was also reasonable for a 5 star and beautifully served in your room. GymWe used the gym most days and althought it is not an enormous facility there was never a problem using the equipment and the staff were always to hand to show you how to use the equipment.ShoppingThe shopping area beside the hotel &quot;the Wafi Centre&quot; is a lovely centre but very expensive, unless you normally shop in high end shops then don't think you will buy much here. We travelled in to the Deira City Centre mall which was only 14AED by taxi (about €2.50) the only problem is getting back, the queues for taxis can sometimes be up to an hour!! Be warned, leave before the centre closes if you can or go during the daytime.We also took a look into the new Raffles hotel, looked fantastic and the pool and gym area are nice too but quite small.All in all, can not fault the hotel, no niggles that we can think of. We had a brilliant 10 days and will definitely return.	
Mar 23 2008 	Huge hotel amazing pool area ok location	Just returned from 5 night stay at Grand Hyatt having been impressed by photos of the HUGE pool area and Vegas looking size hotel! 1st great surprise was the distance from the airport. Having just arrived from Kuala Lumpur where the taxi ride from airport to hotel was an hour we were shocked to come out the airport, join a motorway, cross a newly built bridge and then swing into the hotels impressive entrance! I thought you couldnt beat Vegas for hotel closeness!! It was 6am &amp; we'd requested an early check-in hoping maybe mid-day and we were met with an apology for the fact that our room wouldnt be ready until 7am! We were treated to a free drink in the grand lobby bar, had a quick look around at the excellent array of restaurants set among indoor plantation and flowing water (very american, very cool) &amp; then collected our room key (820) &amp; after a bit of messing around with the room key to work the lights (it goes in upside down?) we were blown away by the great size of the room, the his/hers sinks in the lovely bathroom, the 'walk-in' style wardrobe and a fantastic view of the city complete with soon to be biggest building in the world - Burj Dubai. The closest room to Wynn, Las Vegas I've stayed in. I'd emailed ahead to let them know it was our honeymoon and my wife's 30th and we were thrilled to wake up after our morning nap with a vase with 40 red roses in the room (if not a bit freaked out that someone had been in the room and walked passed us both asleep on the bed?!?!). That night we returned from a busy day at Wild Wadi &amp; Ski Dubai to find a bottle of Beaujolais, chocalates and dates in the room. Gobsmacked!! As if the flowers werent enough! If we werent sold before we were now.Pool area absolutely 100% perfect. Plenty of sunbeds in various areas so if you want to be away from the crowd you can. Great area for kids which was empty and we spent one p.m sunbathing there and were the only people there! Great staff around the pool as soon as you arrive they are helping you with towels and laying them out on. Steak sandwiches &amp; club sandwich gorgeous (approx £10 each) but the real winner was the cheese burger (same). Beer approx £5 but brought up in ice cold glass and worth every penny in the heat! Gym equipment topclass and very helpful advisors in there too. One corrected me on the bench press which I'd been doing very slightly wrong for 3 yrs without anyone in my gym mentioning it. Same guy then took time out to advice me on best routine which i scribbled down on paper and will be using for the next 3mths to check the results. Again its this 5* stuff that you stroll back to your sunbed really appreciating. Location could be its one and only downfall as we tended to be heading for the Jumeirah beach for a lot of things - Wild Wadi, Ski Dubai, Mall of Emirates, Burj al Arab &amp; a visit to the Buddha Bar restaurant in the Grosvenor House Hotel (DO NOT MISS THIS RESTAURANT/BAT - AMAZING!!). Whereas this end of Dubai we only needed for the Creek and the Gold Souks. That said the taxis are cheap (approx £8 for the 20-25 min ride to the Burj Al Arab area) and are all over the place and with the size of Dubai no matter where you are you need taxis between most places you are going anyway so it wasnt THAT much of a big deal and also there is a great restaurant/bar area in walking distance over by Wafi Mall (Planet Hollywood, Sevilles (spanish tapas) etc) and then theres the great rests in the hotel. We ate in the Italian one night which was fantastic. All in all great staff, big smiles everywhere, prompt efficient service, great pool, gym. I'd return to this one and recommend it to everyone, but I might check out the Jumeirah beach properties. Some hotels you can use their 'sister' hotel on the beach and if Hyaytt introduced this it'd be great. Hope this helps!	
Mar 6 2008 	Nice big hotel at not the best location	I have been in Dubai satying at Grand Hyatt on a comapny conference. The hotel was perfect, five stars in all aspect. The room was clean and spacious, the staff was very friendly and helpful.The hotel is really huge. 670+ rooms, 6 or seven restaurants, and a rain forest in the lobby(!).You can not miss the wellness area !The location of the hotel is not perfect to visit the city. It tooks 20-30 minutes to go into the city center by taxi. However taxis are cheap in dubai. The ride to the city costs 20 USD.The airport is quite close, not more than 1minutes by taxi. The good thing, that however the airport is close, you can not hear it at all.I can advise this hotel for everyone who can afford it. However you can find smaller hotels with 1 or 2 stars less (you bet, you will feel the difference) closer to the city center for third price.	
Feb 19 2008	Nice Hotel	I stayed here many times; this is my favorite hotel in Dubai.Centrally located, near to everything.The lobby is huge, and it has a lot of good restaurants.I stayed in the standard room and creek view room, the creek view room is fantastic, it’s more spacious with better view.I really recommend this hotel.	
Jan 29 2008 	Luxury option near airport	My husband was in Dubai for work and was booked into this hotel. My son and I joined him for a few nights. Like everything in Dubai, it seems brand new, incredibly shiny and built on a larger scale than normal. The room was very comfortable but we struggled a bit to get the temperature right as the airconditioning was too powerful. The service was pleasant and we really enjoyed the breakfast blowout buffet which had a wider range of options than usual. The other part of the hotel we enjoyed was the pool area which gave this hotel, located minutes from the airport, a real resort feel. One night we ate at Awtar, the middle eastern restaurant which was superb, but beware - the portions are enormous! I'd be happy to stay here again but Dubai is really rather soulless, so we wouldn't contemplate holiday here except when tied in to business.	
Jan 3 2008	Lovely hotel Great staff	We stayed here for 3 nights between Xmas &amp; New Year. The hotel is huge and very well kept, the staff are so friendly and could not be more helpful.There is plenty here for couples and families and the leisure facilities are excellent, the spa was great with excellent service and the fitness centre was well equipped.The breakfast buffet is huge and plenty of choice for everyone, we only ate dinner once at the hotel at the italian restaurant and found it very dissapointing but at lunch the pool bar and pannini cafe was very good.Would definately stay there again.	
Dec 30 2007 	A very grand Hyatt	This was the second hotel we stayed in on this trip to Dubai. The lobby is incredibly grand, with the bottoms of 4 dhows on the ceiling as decoration and a garden/waterfall/pond indoors. The hotel has many, many restaurants to choose from. It also has a very pretty garden and pool area outdoors, as well as an indoor pool. There are lots of birds and peacocks on the premises.The creekside room was very nice and large, with a wonderful bathroom where the toilet area was separated from the bath and shower area. My only complaint is the high price of internet access. Also there is an adjoining conference center, so taxis might be in short supply when there is an event going on.I would definitely recommend for people to stay here.	
Dec 1 2007 	Grand Hyatt - Out of this world!	My husband and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Dubai between the 23rd and 30th September ’07 and absolutely loved it! From the moment we arrived the staff could not have been more helpful or attentive, we had arrived on an overnight flight from London with Virgin Atlantic. Before we left we had been warned by Virgin that although we would be arriving at about 7.30am we wouldn’t be able to check in to our room until 3pm. However, when we arrived and asked if we could leave our bags somewhere, reception told us they could check us in right away.We were told the room would be ready in about 40 minutes and in the meantime, pointed us in the direction of the Market Café where breakfast is served. The staff were so apologetic about this delay – but for us it was incredible as we had not been expecting to check in for another 6 or 7 hours. The breakfasts at the Hyatt are out of this world – we had never seen so much food or food so fresh. There was every kind of breakfast imaginable – including a chocolate fountain! The Market Café is exactly as it sounds, set up as lots of different stalls with different themes. As it was Ramadan the café was screened off but remained open all day for food. The other restaurants were closed during the day but opened after sunset – although a word of warning, Anwar was closed our entire stay due to Ramadan.Our room was very generously sized – a Grand city view room which had an amazing view of Dubai’s skyline. It was clean and had every amenity you could wish for. A very well stocked mini-bar, TV with lots of cable channels and an exquisite crystal glass set should we wish to enjoy a tipple. The walk in wardrobe was more than ample and the safe was very handy. The bathroom was incredibly clean, with a separate shower and bath and the toilet and bidet even had doors and a toilet!We ate at most of the restaurants with Panini being our favourite – it had a really relaxed cosmopolitan atmosphere. The food was great and the desserts were out of this world – it was so hard to choose and then there was a fantastic ice cream selection as well. Andiamo was beautifully designed and the food was delicious. We treated ourselves to a meal at the Manhattan Grill and yes it is expensive but worth every penny. The staff couldn’t do enough for us and the steaks were so tender and juicy – even mine which was well done. Again, the atmosphere was perfect and you could so easily have been in New York. Room service was surprisingly cheap and during Ramadan was a great option – it was always quick and the food was always hot.  The hotel is in a great location, a 10 minute transfer from the airport and there’s a free shuttle to the Wafi Mall which is just around the corner and is well worth a look – I got 40% off a Radley bag in the Radley bag shop and due to the strength of the pound against the Dhiram it was a snip! It was only a 15 minute ride to the Mall of the Emirates, we got a taxi from the lobby and it was no more expensive than a ‘normal’ taxi in Dubai. The lobby staff were always attentive and helpful – opening doors and carrying your shopping inside. We could not fault the friendliness or helpfulness of the staff. The hotel was amazingly clean and wherever you went staff were always cleaning or tidying but always had time to stop and say hello. There is an Arabian Adventures tour desk in the Lobby which we booked the Desert Safari and the Hatta Mountain Trek– they are a little pricier than the other companies but worth the extra money. We booked one tour through Alpha Tours which was enjoyable but not as well organised or value for money as Arabian.The pool complex was huge and the landscaping made you forget you were in the middle of a city. Our favourite pool was in a beach style and with a huge awning above the loungers meant we could duck out of the sun – which believe me was a god send. Sadly, we didn’t get a chance to use the spa or the gym but both looked impressive. This really is a 5* hotel – the service, the staff, the food the grounds. There’s even a Toni and Guy salon and several other little boutique shops. There were families, businessmen, travellers, couples and people travelling on their own from all the over world so it was a real mix of people. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an out of this world experience and for real luxury and pampering. We shall be returning next year!!	
Nov 4 2007 	Our Stay at the Grand Hyatt ...Very Good	A great stay here on a two night stop over on the way back from Sydney. We had a booked a Creek Room which was pricey because there was a large conference on. We arrived at 5.30am in the morning and had the age old problem of early check in.If you have this problem, upgrading to a club Room gets you the early check in, a breakfast and use of the lounge which has superb views of the Burj Dubai from the 'family' room. However it did cost an extra 500dhs per night. Worth it though for the extras we consumed in the lounge that evening!!! All in all a great stay. We tried the 'family' lunch on Friday at the Market cafe, as much fantastic food as you can eat for 120 dhs. Highly recommend it. The Roast beef was the best I have had for some time.Any down sides? Not really even with a 3 year old. The advantage of a big business hotel with conferences on is there is plenty of room by the pools!!	
Oct 25 2007 	Best hotel i've stayed in	Without a doubt this is the finest hotel i've ever had the pleasure to stay in. First of all the staff were very friendly and courteous and couldn't be more helpful but what really made it special was the food. While there we had food in both the manhattan grill and peppercrab and both were absolutely outstanding. Also we had a very good time with the entertainment facilities with the nightclub mix which was good but some nights were quiet so it's probably best to check in advance, cooz bar which was a nice sedate jazz bar which is a great place to relax and vinoteca where they serve some terrific italian wines. Also i'd recommend to make full use of the pool and spa and allow yourself to be pampered till your heart's content.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great Hotel Good Location	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a week in early October. This was our first time staying here; we usually stay down at Jumeirah Beach because of Wild Wadi Water Park for the kids. However, this time we decided to stay in town. We were not disappointed. The hotel was clean and smart, as well as having a relaxed atmosphere. We had interconnecting Creek-facing rooms as we had two kids with us, and this was a good decision as when the interconnecting doors were open, it was almost like having your own spacious apartment. The rooms are large compared to most of the hotels we have stayed at. Bathrooms are clean and well maintained. We ate breakfast at the Market Cafe downstairs each day and were impressed with the quality and the variety of what was on offer. We didn't try any of the other hotel restaurants as they were not really places where you would take kids. We tended to eat out in the evenings with the kids; Planet Hollywood, TGI Friday's are just a 10 Dirham taxi ride away.The pool area was large and never felt crowded. There is a smaller kids pool with water buckets and slides which our youngest loved.The gym was well equipped with a good variety of cardio and resistance training equipment. The Grand Spa is a very suitable place to wind down after a hard day's shopping. It was well maintained, clean and had a good, soporific atmosphere. On the men's side most of the users were naked, mostly Europeans, and my wife said that this was the same on the women's side of the spa. The spa has a good range of treatments on offer, though there is Cleopatra's Spa just around the corner at Wafi Mall which is truly magnificent.The staff throughout the hotel were very good, polite, helpful and relaxed.The location is good, just around the corner from Wafi Mall, and about 15 Dirhams in a taxi from the Diera City Center Mall. The taxis are all metered, so you won't get ripped off.Overall, a good experience and we'd definatley stay here again	
Oct 11 2007 	fabulous!	First time Dubai visitor... wasn't disappointing at all. We planned to stay at this property for 6 nights, but we had such a good time that we extended our stay for 4 more nights. The architecture is fabulous... restaurants are excellent even thought they are pricey, the lobby and hotel facilities are amazing. We make sure to use the outdoor pool everyday... the water is warm, clean and salty. Don't eat off the mini bar, it's just like any other 5 star hotel... pricey... don't rent a car from hotel Eurocar desk, they charge you at least 3 times than the real price out there. The concierge staffs are not the sharpest knives in the drawer.... :-)	
Oct 3 2007	Superb	We spent the first four days of our honeymoon at the Grand Hyatt and were hugely impressed. The staff could not have been more helpful, especially the concierge desk for whom nothing was too much trouble.The hotel itself is sensational - the pool area is really nice and because it's not in the centre of the city area, it's easy to get everywhere by taxi.Loved it and will return.	
Sep 8 2007 	Everyone was so friendly	We usually shun large hotel chains, when having a holiday (I see enough of them through work). But The Grand Hyatt was a real surprise.The room was very large and comfortable: we had a suite, so you expect that, but our son's room was very generous and well equiped. The food was, generally, of a very high standard: particularly the Market Cafe buffet breakfast, which set the day up very well.But the real surprise was how friendly, polite and helpful everyone was. We were addressed by name, by people we don't think we had seen before. Ask directions for somewhere, and you were escorted to the appropriate place.  All in all, we had a great long weekend at The Grand Hyatt.	
Sep 2 2007 	Grand Hyatt great hotel	We were glad we chose the Grand Hyatt for our stay in Dubai. The hotel is beautiful with a number of restaurants and cafes, terrific pools and their own bars and nightclubs. We had a spacious double and the bathrooms are just grand with separate tub and shower and private toilets. The Awtar restaurant features live entertainment and belly dancing all for about 250-320 AED which ends up being about $85. The Market Cafe had great reasonably priced buffets and was our favorite spot for breakfast. We visited the Mix nightclub twice and really enjoyed it. It rivals the hottest clubs in Atlanta. The pools are fantastic with very attentive staff. The room service was really the only blemish on an otherwise perfect experience. It takes forever to get towels if they come at all. The hotel must have run out of face towels because each time we requested them as we kept getting hand towels instead and irons need to be requested about two hours in advance. Other than that it was a great stay and I would definetly book the Grand Hyatt again and recommend to anyone traveling there.	
Aug 26 2007 	best in all aspects	I stayed in this hotel along with my wife and a years old child. It was a great hotel in all aspects; my daughter enjoyed the beautiful outdoor swimming pool and the amazing kids club which was a good relief for us either, where you can leave your child securely in the club. Great restaurants are available in the hotel and serving all type of foods. Nice big lobby with live music. Excellent services every where in the hotel. Nice spa.	
Aug 21 2007 	Fantastic Hotel if you have kids	We stayed for 2 weeks in January, with our 1 year old. It's a luxury hotel that isn't over run with children, but has all the facilities for them. The outdoor childrens pools are the best I have seen. The toddler pool is sloped like a beach, has a rubber non-slip floor, with the sunbed area partially covered with a shade sail. Our daughter lived in it, although rarely had to share it with more than 1 other child. The next level of pool has a great looking slide and a large meccano type structure in the middle, with valves to turn the water on and off. We look forward to our daughter trying it out next year!There are a number of good quality restraurants within the hotel . The Italian restaurant made a risotto specially for our daughter for free! The hotel will supply baby sitters - typically from the housekeeping staff. We found them to be really friendly.I have stayed in a number of Dubai hotels, and I rate this one the best when travelling with a child.	
Aug 19 2007 	Amazing hotel	Visiting Dubai very frequently (both for business and pleasure) I stayed in Grand Hyatt mainly when in Business. The rooms size are much above average, the bathroom is really outstanding while the business facilities are complete! The breakfast is luxurious (even a bit expensive when not included in your package) and the indoor &amp; outdoor pools are excellent.Overall, especially when it comes to the value for money I believe that Grand Hyatt is a very decent choice!	
Aug 14 2007 	Grand Hyatt - just 'great'	This was our second stay at the Grand Hyatt. We spent 3 nights here in October 2006 but felt we just had to come back this year, this time for 6 nights. We arrived before 9.00 am and although check-in was not until 2.00 pm, the duty manager sorted out 2 Grand rooms as requested within 10 minutes and ensured that we were happy with them before personally delivering our luggage. We were given a warm welcome with refreshments. This is probably what impressed us most. The hotel is huge (700 rooms I think) but the hotel staff still manage to treat everyone individually with respect and courtesy. Grand Room: All the facilities expected in a 5 star room, plus extra nice touches; complimentary bottled water on bedside tables every evening with ice bucket refilled every day and complimentary fresh fruit; rooms cleaned daily - all used towels &amp; face flannels replaced daily; good quality shampoos, soap, etc. The rooms were kept spotlessly clean and the king size bed was so comfortable.Restaurants: a wide choice of food available in the hotel restaurants - we ate in the Manhattan Grill, Andiamo! (Italian) and our favourite, the Market cafe' - a buffet style restaurant where the prime rib is to die for. Breakfast was also served in the Market cafe', buffet style with everything beautifully prepared and presented. We found the restaurant prices surprisingly reasonable, considering the quality - around £15 - 20 per head including soft drinks.Grand Spa: this is accessible via a private lift, which enables guests to leave their rooms in bath robe and slppers and reach the spa facilities without walking through any public areas. The spa is wonderful - peaceful and relaxing, beautifully maintained to a very high standard with clean towels, bottled water and high quality toiletries. We regularly used the jacuzzi, sauna and steam rooms with the wonderful indoor pool, which was all available for use until 11.00 pm.Outdoor Pool: In the intense heat of August (over 40 degrees) the chilled outdoor pool was very welcome. The staff were obviously very experienced in looking after their guests in these conditions. There was a steady supply of ice cold wet flannels and iced cucumber slices for the eyes and there was always someone on hand to provide clean towels and adjust the parasols. There were ample comfortable sun loungers available at all times. There were also several lifeguards watching over both the adult and childrens pools. Waiter service from the pool bar was reasonably priced and it was always service with a friendly smile.There were always at least three staff on the concierge desk and plenty of staff in the foyer to help guests with luggage, along with the excellent doormen looking after arriving and departing guests and arranging taxis.We would find it very difficult to fault this hotel in any way. It is large, but still personal,very friendly and suited to both business and 'holiday' guests. Maybe other hotels in Dubai are of a similar standard, but we know where we will stay on our next visit!	
Jul 14 2007 	Out of this world!!!	Our first visit to Dubai and we were not disappointed. We were only there for 3 days on the way home from our honeymoon in the Maldives but the Grand Hyatt was fantastic. We had a Creek View room, much larger than the average sized hotel room and very comfortable with floor to ceiling windows to make the most of the view. The breakfast was amazing, I have never had such a large choice of food at such high standards. The staff were trained to a high level but still maintained a friendly atmosphere. There is nothing I hate more than a hotel I can't relax in........and I'm glad to say this was not the case.The pool area was fabulous, you would never know youe were in the middle of the city. The loungers were extremely comfortable and the waiters were always on hand to provide refreshments. A nice touch was the cold towels and cucumber for the eyes which were regularly handed out by the staff. It's these little extras that make a hotel special. The only downside that we could see was the price of food and drink in the hotel. Our second night there, we booked into the Manhattan grill for dinner. On arrival we were offered a table right at door or in the private dining area at the back. As we were on honeymoon we thought it would be nice to have the privacy of the private diningarea. But what we didn't know was that as the area was enclosed the air-conditioning caused the room to be very cold. During our main course I mentioned this to the waiter who informed me that they could not alter the temperature without it effecting the whole hotel!!!!! We were not offered another table and eventually told them we would have to leave without dessert as the cold was unbearable to sit in any longer. I was very disappointed that we were not offered an alternative or given any apology by the manager. The food we did have was nice but I have had much better for much less money. It was such a shame as the breakfast is outstanding in both quality and service and I had high expectations for dinner, but we won't make that mistake again. To be honest I have the same opinion for the bar. Very expensive and on our next visit we will entertain ourselves outside of the hotel in the evenings. On the last night of our stay we went on a Dune Dinner Safari which was fantastic and excellent value for money. It included a thrilling4 x 4 safari through the desert, stopping at a camp for camel rides, henna tattoos, belly dancing and food and drink. A great way to finish our holiday.I would not think twice about staying at the Grand Hyatt again. It really was a fantastic hotel, well situated for the city, a fabulous pool area and very friendly staff, but if you want to eat dinner there, then be prepared to pay over the odds and don't forget to bring a woolly cardigan.........	
Jun 21 2007 	6 out of 5	They don't have a section for 6 out of 5.if you are going to Dubai and expect fantastic everything - this is it. if you can't afford it, and it is fairlky expensive - save and go.The rooms are sensational, even the lowest rate room is sensational. The staff are incredibly well trained and friendly and helpful.Food. Oh man. This hotel is a foodies paradise. Don't expect cheap but do expect absolutely top top top food. I travel globally all year and struggle to find a comparative hotelBreakfast is absolutely to die for amongst the rain forest. Forget lunch. Breakfast is huge. You will not find another breakfast quite like itThis hotel is the pinnacle of what 5 star hotels should be.No, this is not the first time I have sung the hotels praises on Trip advisor and I can bet it sure as heck won't be the last.STAY THERE.	
Jun 20 2007 	Lovely hotel with a bitter aftertaste	This was my second visit to Dubai on a mixture of business and some holiday &amp; this hotel was booked for me by the seminar organisers. I was lucky enough to be staying in a Deluxe room (vast but soul less), which enabled me access to the Club lounge with its fantastic complementary breakfast and evening drinks plus buffet. The service was a little bit overkill (someone came to my room at least 5 times in one morning for fruit, towels, ice etc), but the facilities were excellent overall. I had a fabulous massage in the relaxing hotel spa and really enjoyed sitting in the huge atrium overlooking the palms and pools, and wandering round the landscaped grounds. However all this was a bit tainted for me by the attitudes of the some of the staff to a single younger woman traveller. I took care to dress carefully and conservatively but still felt I was being stared at when eating on my own. There was also one unpleasant incident on my last night. I returned to the hotel with my fellow colleagues who were all staying at the hotel (themselves GCC nationals) and was prevented from entering the lift by a man with a clipboard who demanded to know if I was the mistress of one of them as I wasn't a guest! Having shown him my room card, I was still treated like a hooker - weird considering I was wearing a business trouser suit and had not had a single alcoholic drink that night. After I complained, I was apologised to profusely but I felt that this man's attitude was really unacceptable and ruined the stay for me.	
Jun 16 2007 	It is Majestic and Comfotable	We have just returned from a 6 days trip to Duabi and stayed at Grand Hyatt. The hotel is magnificent, Grand and really very Child friendly. It was so comforting inside our Creek View room that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel and go to Malls and do shopping. We are planning to go back to the soothing atmosphere of the hotel in near future. The staff (especially Front desks) was very cooperative and availability of Taxis and shuttles to Malls and other places were made most convenient by the hotel management. The Market cafe for morning breakfast was fabulous, just like a road-side small Italian cafe. Overall we would say this is one of the best hotel we have stayed during our holidays	
Jun 16 2007 	Opulent and extraordinary	Stayed for three days at the end of May. After initially booked into a different hotel, not disappointed at all and no regrets. Very large hotel with extravagent and enormous lobby and atrium. Worth seeing just for the experience. Opulence a reflection of Dubai as a whole and very much at the top end of the international hotel market. Friendly and professional although check-in was very slow. Large comfortable rooms, well laid out and lots of space. Enormous choice of eateries within the atrium and the buffet area for breakfst and dinner was more than adequate. Good range of international choices, Arab, Indian and Western. Worth negotiating the room rate. Had a good class double for about equivalent £120 (room).Quite an experience and would stay there next time in Dubai. Would be good for both business and tourism as a base for Dubai. Close taxi ride to the Creek and unless wanting to stay on the beach a good choice for the city and even international airport.	
May 24 2007	No Comparison	Had the opportunity to spend two nights at The Grand Hyatt Dubai from May 20 to May 22. From Check-in to Check-out was an experience. The rooms are in immaculate condition and have all the luxury goods. The pool area was out of this world. It was like visiting a beach resort but in the middle of a city. I had the opportunity to try three differrent restaurants. All were top class. The breakfast at Market Cafe offerred a great variety of options. The stay was truly an memorable experience. My only regret is actually not spending more time at the hotel.	
Apr 5 2007	Great holiday in an excellent hotel	I and my wife spent 3 nights in GH Dubai as part of our 5 nights wedding anniversary holiday in Dubai (read the Fairmont review). To start with the hotel is close to the airport with 10 mins trip in Taxi costing you less than 20 Dirham. Reception staffs at GH Dubai were very friendly and we managed to get a discounted upgrade to a creek view room which was superb. Very nice, wide, well maintained and modern room. Very clean and nicely designed shower facilities and bathroom.House keeping staffs are very friendly doing a very good job keeping the room clean and tidy all the time as they will clean the room every time you are out.Lobby at GH Dubai is a real 5 star lobby with very nice in-door jungle with coffee shops and restaurants all around. Swimming pools and out door gardens are really a bonus compared to other 5 star Dubai hotels.One very nice thing I have to mention is after e-mailing the GH Dubai customer advisors advising them that we will be celebrating our wedding anniversary at GH Dubai, they offered us a free chocolate cake and the room was full of red roses all around all for free as a complement from them.I have to agree with one of the previous readers that the hotel did not provide free high speed internet access - which would have be been a nice touch, and it is something provided by some other comparable hotels in Dubai. I would also like to see large screen LCD or plasma televisions in the room.To sum up, GH Dubai is a 5++++ star hotel which I strongly recommend and I would definitely stay at GH hotel on my next visit to Dubai. It is not a secret that GH Dubai is much better than other 5 star hotels in Dubai.	
Apr 3 2007 	Lovely Hotel but....	The grand Hyatt is a lovely hotel, no doubt. The only thing i have tofault it is the checking in process. It was a bit shaky, as we were told we had paid for only one night...as if !!!!  We had reservations for 2, but thank God we had a KUONI rep, who sorted it all out as it was the last lap of our honeymoon. The other thing was they asked if we wanted to upgrade our room to a creek view and we said yes. What ever you do, dont make the same mistake. You do see the creek, but its mile away, and Im sure the room without the creek view would have the same nice view. besides, we were hardly in the room to appreciate the so-called view. That was a rip off.That aside, We really liked the service, and friendliness of the staff at the Hyatt. Food was nice....lots of choice from all over the world. I do have to say that everything felt a bit 'artificial', but then again, thats how i feel about Dubai having been there twice. Perhaps this is an unfair point seeing as we were just coming from Mauritius,which is trully 'Paradise' on earth.	
Apr 2 2007 	2nd time and every bit as good	My husband and I spent 8 days at the Grand Hyatt Dubai in March 2007. This is our second visit to GH Dubai and I'm happy to say that the hotel and rooms have been immaculately maintained, and everything is as perfect as we remember. We did consider staying at the newer Park Hyatt this time around, but after some deliberation and research, the Grand Hyatt it was. Other hotels we considered included the new Kempinski (connected to the Mall of the Emirates) and Grosvenor House - but the Grand Hyatt's location and memories of our last stay brought us back here. The hotel is excellently located - about 10 minutes by taxi to Deira City Center and Bur Juman Center, and around 25 minutes to the Mall of the Emirates. Festival City is about 15 minutes away too (a must if you want to visit IKEA and the largest Marks and Spencer store outside the UK). Expect to pay around Dhs 15 ($4) to City Center/Bur Juman and Dhs 40 ($11) to the Mall of the Emirates - if there's not too much traffic. We booked a Creekside King room and used our Gold Passport points to upgrade to a Club Creek View room (3000 points for a 4 night slab). The view is awesome and unobstructed, overlooking the pool and landscaped area and onto the creek. I spent most mornings perched on the carpet in front of the floor to ceiling windows, enjoying my coffee and the incredible view.A word of caution about the club rooms - the standard club room is 39 sq mts, while the club creek view rooms are 44 sq mts, I'm not sure what the exact difference is other than the space, but I would almost always shell out a little more for the club creek view. BMW 7 series transfers are provided for club rooms. On arrival at the hotel, we stepped out of the car and were instantly welcomed by a club floor executive who was expecting us, and he escorted us up to the club lounge for private check in. Complimentary continental breakfast is provided each morning - the usual croissants, muffins, danish, cereal etc and some Arabic selection too. More than adequate. Other Club floor extras are available - afternoon tea and cookies, evening cocktails etc - but we never really found the time to utilize any of this. The thing we loved is no matter what time of day, whether early in the morning or late at night, the hotel always seems to be full of people moving around but without being too noisy, and this gave it a lively and happening feel. Housekeeping is fairly discreet, we never really noticed when they did up the rooms, but everything was spic and span when we returned.The one thing the hotel did not provide was free high speed internet access - this would be been a nice touch, and it is something provided by some other comparable hotels in Dubai. I would also like to see large screen LCD or plasma televisions in the room. I would totally recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai and looking for convenience and luxury combined. Note that prices differ depending on season, and the Dubai calender is full of events, exhibitons, festivals etc and all these affect room rates. So do some research.	
Mar 30 2007 	Perfect Break	After a lot of research finally settled on the Grand Hyatt. Very glad we did. Its has quite a lot of business people but the advantage is that for a family on a holiday you have the amenities to yourselves. The pool area is huge and fantastic. The kids clud was great for our toddler, and the spa was really relaxing. We had no reason to leave the hotel and when we did, we were looking forward to getting back as it had everything!Service and food very good, and we would definitely go back next time we visit Dubai.	
Mar 20 2007 	Grand Hyatt is Grand!	Just got back from busy Dubai their was construction everywhere. The Grand Hyatt was very good I have stayed in many hotels in Dubai and always thought the grand Hyatt looked too commercial. Its not, they have time for everyone of their guests. The service was amazing. Its huge there are so many places to eat from a steak house to a really modern Indian, and a Singaporian, Sushi , Italian,and a Wok place,and on and on. You will never leave the hotel, they have a indoor rainforest, the price was right too. I booked on there website and joined there membership program. I will stay with them again.	
Mar 16 2007	Excellent trip to Dubai	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Dubai from 10-14 March 2007. About a 10 minute taxi ride from the airport, but can't hear any aeroplane traffic from the rooms. Very friendly greeting on arrival and our bags were whisked away by the bellboys. Impressive entrance hall - very grand - but personally felt a little dated but only a minor comment. Lots of desks so we were able to check-in immediately and were offered a choice of twin or king room. I must say all of the staff were so friendly and couldn't do enough for you during our stay.We had a standard creekside king room. The room was very big, floor to ceiling windows, lounge chair, desk, and the biggest bathroom in any hotel I've stayed in. Fabulous walk in shower with good water pressure. Good maid service, frequent towel changes. We had to keep turning the aircon off as the room always so cold. Breakfast was 110 dirhams (about £15). Very good selection of hot and cold food, and as ever, efficient and friendly service.We had dinner in the Manhattan Grill. Modern, contemporary restaurant with a varied menu of meat and fish. Unfortunately our friend had to send her liver back which was raw and stringy. She chose something else and was not charged for the liver. Very expensive wine list, chose with caution! I also had lunch in Wox, the noodle bar, which was superb. The best noodles I've ever eaten, and only about £10. Another friend recommended Peppercrab, but we ran out of time, and the indian looked good, but again no time. There is also sushi, italian and lebanese.The bar Cooz off the reception is definitely worth a visit - dark, lit by candles, with comfy chairs, two gin &amp; tonics came in about £10, pretty reasonable. The outside areas are beautfiul. Gardens, streams, and a great pool. The sunbeds were the most comfortable I've ever sat on, and some have tents over the top, but these seemed to get snapped up early. The pool guys are so helpful and you really can't lift a finger - they adjust parasols, bring round cold towels, and food and drinks are waiter service all day. Heavenly! The pool area was really quiet when I was there. There is also a shallow children's pool covered by a canopy, and a large children's pool with slides/climbing frames etc. I tried the spa and had a pedicure , 230 dirhams (about £32) for 60 minutes. The indoor pool is lovely, and there is a big gym which was fairly busy. Overall, we loved this hotel and would go again, but I would personally prefer to be closer to Jumeirah beach (15 mins by taxi in clear traffic). The Madinat complex next to the Burj Al Arab / Wild Wadi Water park is just stunning, but more expensive. You can't have everything I guess ! Happy holidays.	
Mar 15 2007	grand hyatt	Stayed March 2007.Fantastic hotel beautiful pool &amp; grounds, found the restaurant WOX not only good value but excellent &amp; authentic food.Would we go back? 'In a blink'	
Mar 9 2007 	Fabulous 	This hotel is simply fantastic, sheer luxury. We can honestly say its the best hotel we have ever stayed in and is now the benchmark for anywhere else we stay although we doubt anywhere else will ever measure up.You are met at your car and doors opened for you and baggage carried, when walking through the entrance it simply takes your breath away, marble floors the height of the ceilings and the indoor tropical garden are stunning.We felt a little out our depth at first as we'd been travelling for a while and this seemed to posh, but the staff made us feel right at home straight away with their friendly and helpful attitude.There are many reastaurants in this hotel including, Italian, chinese, sushi, lebonese, vietnamese, a patisserie and a bistro style cafe and a pool bar serving lovely restaurant style meals. Can recommend the lebonese restaurant which was excellent and the Nasi Goreng at the pool simply delicious but then all the food here was.The rooms are huge with floor to ceiling windows over Dubai creek and the bathroom was massive, the size of the average UK travelodge room and very luxorius with robes and slippers. There was also a great mini bar and walk in closet with a light that came on as you entered. Every evening the ice bucket was filled and beds turned down and fresh bottled water was supplied to our room, although we never saw anyone the staff performed duties when you were out your room so it never felt invassive simply pampered.The pool is also very large with many terraces and lost of sun loungers some covered with mini open sided tents (very arabian) and the pool bar cocktails were lovely and affordable. There was a large gym and spa although we didn't use them and a few shops in the hotel.The best bit however was Cooz a gorgeous little Jazz style bar lit by candles with comfy setas a excellant pianist and singer, you must try it if you stay here the cocktails are lovely and the atmosphere electric. Very chilled and romantic at one end and chilled and more masculine at the other. My favorite bar in the world so far!	
Mar 2 2007	Absolutely fantastic!	Stayed for only one night at this fabulous hotel In February. We'd stayed at the Hyatt Regency earlier in the week for a few days (see seperate review) and went on the the Hyatt Grand in Muscat before returning to the Grand in Dubai. It was a special occasion - my wife and I were celebrating our anniversary. I had booked a Grand suite overlooking the creek. Service included being met at passport control in the airport. We had personal attention at all times and whisked by limo (BMW 7 series) to the hotel. Upon arrival staff were there to greet us by name, and we were taken immediately to our room, and completed check-in there. The lobby is fabulous, the staff extremely accommodating and the suite we had was wonderful! The two dozen red roses I had asked for were there and later with hotel compliments a beautifil 'anniversary' cake was delivered to the room. The stay was far too short, but we will be returning. This is definitely our choice of hotel when returning to Dubai. The pool was good, if not too adventorous for a new hotel (my son 'complained' there were only two slides!). There seems to be a very well orgainised kids club too. You can order poolside treatments from the spa too.	
Feb 26 2007 	One of the best hotels in the world	This is a truly exceptional hotel - from the public areas to the huge rooms with great views (and clean windows through which to admire the views)!!! We arrived at 9am in the morning and were very pleased to find the room was available.This is definately one of the best hotels in the world. Just three things disappointed me slightly (bearing in mind this is a 5 star hotel):1. The quality of the TV picture was rubbish on most channels2. The food we had in the Market Cafe was overpriced, cold and poor quality. This was a shame as the food and drink elsewhere was excellent.3. The fact that they don't offer a free shuttle to/from the airport - it's only 10 minutes away yet they charge 100dhs for a transfer - it costs 30dhs in a taxi.......	
Feb 24 2007	Exceptional Dining Experiences - every night!	Spent a week in Dubai with family. We were lucky enough to stay with them, so didn't need to worry about hotel accommodation. However I simply had to write a review about the standard of the various restaurants at The Grand Hyatt. From the moment we stepped into the lobby of this exceptional 5 star hotel, everything had the &quot;wow&quot; factor! On our first night of the holiday, we ate at &quot;Awtar&quot; - serving Arabian and Lebanese cuisine. We had the mezze meal. What a fantastic introduction to the country! We had about 10 cold starters (amazing Baba Ganoush, Fatoush, hummus etc), then came the hot starters, followed by main meal (baby octupus, various kebabs &amp; meats all chargrilled), finished with awesome dessert selection &amp; fruit bowl. Live traditional music &amp; belly dancing to accompany our meal. The second night we ate at The Sushi Bar - fantastic Japanese Sushi Chef. I've had Sushi in several places, but nothing could compare to this! The third night, we ate at Wox, serving Vietnamese food. The food here is very reasonably priced. Both chefs hail from Vietnam and we had a mouthwatering selection of traditional dishes. We had been to Vietnam before and the wonderful flavours brought back great memories of our time there. We took a break from the Grand Hyatt on the next night and we dined at The Thai Kitchen in the Park Hyatt. We opted for the set menu for 2 and a selection from the a la carte menu. Again - amazing! Our final night was spent at &quot;IZ&quot;, the new Indian restaurant at the Grand Hyatt. One can sit at the counter and watch the chefs at work - this is fun! Food was fantastic - especially the Cottage Cheese. The Passion Fruit Kulfi was memorable.. We had a light lunch at The Market Cafe one day - a huge selection of various cuisines to choose from. My son particularly loved the Chocolate Fountain for dessert.. :) The standards of genuine authentic food &amp; service at The Grand Hyatt are the best I've ever encountered on all my travels. Smiling happy faces greet you everywhere in the hotel. Genuine hospitality &amp; professionalism are apparent. I cannot recommend the food outlets of this fantastic hotel enough.	
Jan 19 2007 	What a disgrace!	My family booked the Grand Hyatt as part of a stop over on the way back from Australia. We booked it over the internet through Ebookers because we thought that if we booked it early then we wouldn’t have to worry about it when we get there. When we got there after a 10 hour flight everything was going well. We got a mini bus from the airport to the hotel and our bags got looked after. But, when we tried to check into our rooms problems started to occur. At first they claimed that we had rooms in the smoking section (when in fact we had booked 2 non-smoking rooms) and when we said and showed them that we had booked non-smoking rooms they said they had to juggle things about and then said that they had worked something out and were freshening up the rooms and while we waited we could have complimentary tea and coffee. But, when we enquired into when the rooms would be ready they started to claim that one of the rooms had not been paid for, when in fact it had been paid for 2 months previously, and asked that we should pay for the room again. Then they came back not long after and told us that both rooms had not been paid for. They also said that the card used to pay for the rooms was being refused which was rubbish and when we kept telling them that the rooms had already been paid for through the internet, they turned around and said that they tried to take the money out the previous night but had not been successful and that internet sites give you a confirmation when just booking a room without paying (which to us was rubbish because we had used the internet to pay for our hotels in Australia and they had been paid for and no internet site gives you a confirmation without payment!).So in desperation we tried to call a family member in England to pay for the rooms using their credit card but the manager of the hotel told us that they needed the card to swipe and checks and told us that they could not accept a card number over the phone. My mother and father found that they were getting nowhere and was forced to opt to sleep in the airport overnight.I think that this was all rubbish and my whole family believes that they didn’t have any rooms available at all because they had overbooked plus they didn’t want people like us sleeping in their hotel. But we are all agreed on the fact that we are never going back to Dubai or the Grand Hyatt Hotel again.	
Dec 20 2006 	Honeymoon	We stayed here for the first 4 days of our honeymoon before moving on to Mauritius for 10 days (see Beau Rivage, Mauritius).The Grand Hyatt was a great hotel. Good location, efficient service, Excellent selection of food for breakfast (ate far too much!).This hotel is geared more to business than honeymooners but I have to say it was better than the last leg of our honeymoon. The staff were efficient, the room clean and tidy everytime we came back after the day, I cannot fault anything. I would recommend it.	
Dec 8 2006 	Simply the best	We (husband, me and 10 yr old son) stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 days in Dec 05 en route to Thailand, and 3 days in Jan 06 on the way back. We booked the hotel via Travelbag, who organised our whole trip. We were bowled over by not only the standards of service, but the whole layout of the hotel. Reception/ lobby area is beautiful. Great to have an evening drink here. Pool area is fantastic for both kids and adults - no need to be near a beach. The kids pool is enormous and has water slides etc. There are so many lifeguards, who really do patrtol and keep an eye on all. Service by the pool was excellent - lots of fluffy white towels, fruit kebabs and cucumber slices for tired eyes! Plenty of sunbeds/ shades available. They don't even let you put up your ownsun shade. Lunch from te pool bar was also very good - they actually set up a table for you next to your sunbeds. Conciege service was also very good - they organised a private jeep trip to the deset for us at a very competetive rate. We only stayed in a basic 'grand' room, but it was more than big enough - bathroom has a stand alone shower as well as a bath, and two sinks. Tea/ coffee facilities in the room, as well as a bowl of fruit and free mineral water, which is regularly replenished. Cleanliness of room was superb and they get a turn down service each night. Breakfast is amazing - we ate so much, we hardly needed lunch. The hotel is only about 10 mins from the airport but is in a great location to explore the rest of the city - i.e. gold souk, Wild Wadi etc. Wild Wadi is a must - I usually hate such things, but it rates as the best water park I've ever been to. Wafi City mall (lots of cheap places to eat in here) is also just a couple of minutes away, as is Wonderland and Planet Hollywood. We got taxi's everywhere - very cheap, quick and reliable. A couple of examples of how the staff go out of their way to please you - on our first day by the pool, our son scraped his toe and it was bleeding. Within a couple of minutes, a qualified first aider was attending to him. The head of security and then the hotel manager came out to the pool area to check if we were satisfied with the assistance we had received and whether we would like a hotel car to take our son to a Doctor or hospital (at no charge to us!) - and this was only a scraped toe! Also, on the flight back to Heathrow from Dubai, our son started crying as he had left his teddies in our room. We flew with Emirates, which has phones in every seat - we called the hotel from the plane - they informed us that they had already located his teddies and would send them back to our home address via DHL - they arrived within 48 hours of getting home, at no charge! Brilliant! Considering 5 star hotels in Dubai do tend to charge a lot for food/ drinks, we thought the prices at the Hyatt were not too bad at all - similar to a 5 star in London. Prices at restaurants were considerably cheaper outside the hotel - we found a great Lebanese restaurant - 2 courses for three of us came to approx. £12. We visited other hotels on the beach (including Jumeirah Beach) to see what they were like and whether we should have stayed there - but no regrets at all. Jumeirah Beach hotel is great, but really, really busy - a bit like a posh Butlins! We have travelled all over the world and can honestly rate this hotel as the best we have ever stayed in. I would not hesitate to recommend it to all - old, young, singles, families, couples. We are in fact going back there on the 26th Dec 07 for a week - this time staying in the Emiri Suite, with club privileges (free transfers to and from airport, free breakfast in Club Lounge, free minibar, free soft drinks in the club lounge 24/7, including cocktails/ alcohol and snacks between 6-8pm). Got a great rate form Hyatt.com - we have joined their Gold Passport scheme - well worth it.	
Nov 4 2006	100 Percent FANTASTIC!	We just completed a 7 night stay at the Grand Hyatt Dubai. In short: completely excellent. I would not hesitate to return nor would I hesitate to recommend this property without reservation.If anything stood out about this property, it was the service. This is the kind of place where small kindnesses abound. For example my morning routine would call for a swim in the spa pool followed by a Jacuzzi, steam, sauna and shower. I always did this right at 6am when they opened (jet lag; 5 month old baby…) and was for 7 times the ONLY person in the pool or spa at this time (other than people in the workout room). The attendants were “setting up” and busy, but nevertheless would go out of their way to be helpful. For example, every day the gentleman in the spa would come into the steam room behind me and place a sachet of aromatic herbs into the steamer. Kindnesses were not limited to the spa. A few times cleaning people in the huge atrium would drop what they were doing to help my wife and I get the stroller up or down a small set of stairs. People smiled. They routinely said hello. In the Grand Club nothing we needed was too much trouble. By the pool they circulate with cold towels, slices of cucumber for the eyes, and offer help with towels and setting up your lounge chairs. Likely a combination of culture and local economics, the service in Dubai is clearly in a different league than say Hawaii. It was highly impressive how kind everyone was.We managed to eat in every restaurant over the course of the week. The two “fancy” restaurants are Manhattan Grill, a steakhouse, and the Lebanese restaurant Awtar. Both meals were very good, though I would not call either outstanding. At Manhattan Grill I had a Nebraska corn fed filet on the bone; Maggie had lamb, in each case preceded by a Caesar. We ordered a variety of small sides. Everything was correctly prepared, and tasty, but did not blow us away. The service was good, and although our server did not know much about the wines by the glass, he sent over the sommelier who was quite knowledgeable. At Awtar, we had a variety of small dishes as is typical with a Lebanese meal, and a huge plate of a variety of grilled meats including several types of interestingly marinated lamb. They brought a huge tower of uncooked vegetable to much on for free. The fresh pressed juices were delicious.My favorite restaurants were the ones lower in formality. The Italian restaurant Andiamo offered perhaps the best cuisine of our stay. A taglioline with fresh scallops and a light cream sauce was to die for. King prawns were grilled to perfection. The salads were crisp and fresh, and the wine pairings offered were spot on. Peppercrab was also outstanding. Though not strictly Singaporean, the curried jumbo prawns were out of this world, as was some of the other seafood. Again here, nice job recommending wines. That leaves Wox, an inexpensive Asian fusion place where we enjoyed our very affordable meal and Sushi, a…well…you get it. The fish was fresh &amp; good.This is a beautiful hotel; as other have mentioned, an “urban resort”. You can pretty much forget you are in the middle of a city when you are down here. It is a ton of acres; although there are roads around you do not hear traffic from the rooms or grounds; and you do not see traffic from the grounds although from upper rooms you can look out and realize you are in the city. Nor is this hotel in really the “downtown” part of the city; even though it is an urban resort the density around the hotel is pretty low.The grounds are immaculately manicured. There is a nice jogging trail around the perimeter of the grounds and you will find ample lawns, gardens, tennis courts and of course a huge pool area with hundreds of chaises and multiple cabanas (no extra charge). Full resort style pool service, with alcohol available from noon and food all day. The pools don’t have a ton of fantasy water features (think the Maui waterfall, etc.), however, there is a nice “island” in the middle of the main pool with a couple chaises and some palm tress. There is a giant kids pool with a climb aboard play structure and two waterslides for the kiddies; there is also a cabana-covered infant pool which looks like its own mini-beach. In short, there is enough pool area, by size, to keep things very interesting for everyone.A particular highlight, as mentioned above, is the spa. Very tranquil, and very clean. Maggie had two treatments – a 90 minute massage and a facial, the total for both with tip about US$180. So quite a reasonable deal compared to Western resorts. She said the service was great. There is a large gym and a couple of squash court. Just for hanging out, I really enjoyed the spa as the lap pool (which features underwater speakers with light jazz), sauna and steam rooms and showers are all very nice, very relaxing. A nice quiet place to go in the morning or evening or any time in between to relax.In summary, really nice stay at a really nice place. A place to easily relax for a week or even longer and explore surrounding Dubai. You can be somewhat in the middle of things in terms of day trips and sights, and also close to the airport, while simultaneously loosing yourself in a huge mega-resort with plenty of resort amenities. The great food, abundant facilities and endless kindness of the staff were the icing on the cake – a great stay.	
Oct 30 2006 	Perfect in every way	Just got back from four days at the Grand Hyatt in Dubai - we chose this hotel based on excellent reviews on Trip Adviser. We were definately not disappointed - it was wonderful! The hotel is VERY impressive as you walk in, with a very large and grand marble clad lobby area. There are about 12 restaurants - we ate in four and all were very good (I definately recommend the WOK chinese - excellent value and food, the italian was great but loads more expensive). We upgraded to a Creek View room on arrival (worked out a lot cheaper than booking this room in the first place) - it was well worth it - a huge room with a fabulous view with floor to ceiling windows! The pool area is brilliant and the food served at the pool bar is really good. The staff are exceptional - very polite and helpful, always friendly.I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel - if you are very fussy about where you stay and are sick of being disappointed then this hotel is for you. First class in EVERY respect.	
Oct 27 2006 	Simply the best!	Just can't fault this hotel. Spent 4 nights there. Rooms are excellent, bathroom we wished we had at home, bed gave a luxury, faultless all night sleep.Staff always greet with a smile and an &quot;hello&quot;. Very very helpful and attentive. Service faultless, professional and politeNight time in the Grand Spa is so relaxing, candle lit pool, soft underwater music, and the warmest jacuzzi we have ever been in. Maybe the Manhatten Grille is a bit expensive but the food and service was excellent.Had the hotel limo for pickup and drop off at the airport. Was there waiting on our arrival at airport and again at hotel when we left. Not expensive and just adds that magic touch. Love to go back again.	
Oct 26 2006 	Fantastic Return Stay	This was our second stay at the Grand Hyatt (regular visitor to Dubai) and like the first time we were not disappointed. The standard of the Hotel was absolutely 1st class and all areas looked like they were to 1st week opening standard. As a reader of Trip Advisor, i did read some concerning comments about this Hotel in recent Months. I can say that whilst i have no reason to disbelieve anyone who wrote them, we certainly encountered nothing but the best standard of service. Last two trips to Dubai prior to this were both Jumeirah Beach Hotel stays and in my estimation the Grand Hyatt compares well. Would have no hesitation in either returning or recommending to friends. As an aside a Family member also staying in this Hotel on his 1st visit to Dubai and has equally positive comments as myself. His return to Dubai would almost certainly include a stay the the Grand Hyatt again.	
Oct 7 2006 	fabulous fabulous fabulous	I am an owner of a travel agency in the UK and have stopped in many hotels around the world, and this by far is the best. The Grand hyatt deserves its deluxe catagory. All the staff could not do enough for you, all areas of the hotel and room were spotless and the choice of pools, spas, restaurants and bars were amazing. If you are wanting to stay in the city rather than the beach then I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough!!	
Oct 3 2006 	Sheer Luxury	The Grand Hyatt, although not in the centre of Dubai, offers accoommodation that is welcome in this fantastic city. The complete hotel experience that is offered here made our final stop over well worth the experience.The Hyatt has everything you could ask for to relax and enjoy the wonders of Dubai. Travel to the city was inexpensive either by coutesy bus or taxi.The rooms were large and well appointed. The facilities were great and the staff were alwalys friendly and helpful.The 4WD trip into the desert is well worth it.Looking forward to returning to Dubai and would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 22 2006 	Grand Hyatt......simply Grand!	Just back from 4 days at Grand Hyatt.Booked online on Hyatt site and excellent offer for goldpassport members, stay 3 nights pay 2.Arrived at 7.30 am, after 5 minutes taxi ride from the airport, check in was very courteous and professional, had a reservation for a grand king but no rooms were available yet then the hotel was full and check in time was at 2 pm so my early check in request couldn't be granted so after apologizing I was escorted to the lobby lounge to wait for a room to be available and complimentary drinks were offered, there were also complimentary news papers and nuts on a table.The hotel lobby is terrific, all marble and with an indoor jungle.After 1 hour waiting, I went back to the reception to ask if there was less waiting for an upper category of room and there was a creek side room available for an extra 20€ just the time to get it clean up, so I opted for a creek side room for one night and then to move to a grand king.So up to my room and then followed by the bell boy with my luggage.Room was on the 8th floor on the creek side.Large floor to ceiling windows, large layout, with almost walk-in closet and a big safebox. Huge marble with mosaic tiles bathroom, two basins, separated by a glass there were the wc, big shower cubicle and tube, plenty of towels, loaf sponge, scale. Only downside, as expected from this category of hotel, there were no designer toiletries.Very comfortable king bed and soft bed linen.Complimentary fruit bowl, mineral water and coffee and tea making facilities.Big desk and day lounger.In the evening I received a call from the hotel manager welcoming to the hyatt asking if the room was ok and apologizing for making me wait so long for the room and if there was something he could do.Nice touch!The next day I received a call from one receptionist that told me she had a grand king at the 9th floor if that was ok and when I was ready to move and also if I needed someone to help me pack my luggage, I declined the luggage packing help so she sent me up a time later a bell boy that took my luggage and escorted me to a grand king at the 9th floor.Room was a little smaller then the creek room, but really it was still large and comfortable. The other difference with the creek one was that the windows were less large and the view was on the hotel entrance side. It was not a bad view at all.House keeping made a fantastic job, turndown service and they were not intrusive with the lights. There are some buttons in the room through which you can light small bulbs outside indicating if you want your room to be cleaned or if you don’t want to be bothered.The hotel staff are very courteous and happy to help anytime for any reason, service trough out the hotel and restaurants is excellent.As a member of hyatt gold passport I used the room service for a complimentary morning fresh brewed coffee, brought in perfect time every morning.There is an elevator from every floor that brings you down to the spa; first rate facilities, steam bath, sauna, whirlpool and indoor 15mt pool with underwater music.At the spa you get complimentary mineral water and in the showers there were molton brown toiletries (as expected also in the room).The pool outside is terrific surrounded by lush gardens. Plenty of comfortable loungers, and they deliver cold towels every two hours to help you cool down.It was really an open air sauna to stay out in Dubai! High speed internet in room is charged 121aed for 24h use.Breakfast at the Market café had a huge selection and service was again faultless.Went also for dinner at the Market café were there is a buffet style restaurant were you can find six open kitchens serving different styles of food from pizza to Lebanese.Yummy chocolate fountain at the dessert section were you can sink fresh pieces of fruit and cookies inside.Special for Fridays nights “eat all you can” buffet for 100aed, really a good value, anyway for a main course, side order and dessert and a soft drink it was around 100aed -130aed.Panini restaurant open 24h and serving very good cakes and panini.There are other restaurants in the hotel but i did not went there.Taxis were really cheap, the fare to souk Madinat Jumeirah was around 38aed and same price for mall of emirates that is really close to souk Madinat, just on the opposite, but I went there another day starting from hotel.Fares to Deira city center shopping mall was around 14aed.The Grand Hyatt is a resort in the city, absolutely 5 star service.	
Jul 9 2006	Grand Hyatt Dubai - A Terrific Large Hotel	We drove to Dubai, arriving well after midnight with no reservations. Our arrival at the Grand Hyatt was still far pleasanter than many places where I've made much more preparation, and we were ensconced in a Club King in less than fifteen minutes, on a summer rate that was even better than that available online.The Hotel has apparently solved the service issues earlier travelers have discussed, as we found it thoroughly professional. I wonder sometimes whether some travelers don't expect &quot;folksier&quot; service than some hotels provide; personally, I'm relieved when staff are courteous, professional, but not at all chatty. For same-sex partners traveling together, it's worth noting that there were no issues at all regarding requesting a King room, nor anything but perfect service from all concerned.Our Club King room (with a Creek view) was a comfortable size, with attractive furniture, a great mattress, and a well-fitted almost-walk-in closet. The bathroom was huge and pleasantly silly -- mosaic tiles, glass shower, etc. My only real, and very slight, sense of short-fall comes from the generic and rather scant bathroom amenities -- perfectly fine, but not as much fun as an extravagant name-brand goodie basket (I kept think that if the comparatively downmarket Diplomat in Bahrain had Penhaligon's, why not here? Or, for that matter, local speciality items as do the Grand Hyatts in Egypt).The Club floor is worth the extra expense -- the handsome lounge (kind of a fifties feel, with turquoise chairs and mirrored walls) features an excllent light breakfast (salmon, fruit, lovely pastries) until 11:00 a.m., and the cocktail hours are conveniently timed (6-9 p.m.) and lavishly laid out (we lucked into sushi one night, but enjoyed good smoked trout and similiar delicacies on others). Given the expense of eating -- and especially drinking -- in Dubai, it becomes an especially attractive feature (we figured that the champagne and sushi that one evening could have run us $200 at some places in town...).I'm surprised how few reviews have focused on the Hotel's first-rate spa facilties -- including an apparently little-used but fantastic indoor pool (1.5 meters deep throughout and perfect for drifting about in). We very much regretted not having spent more time steaming, swimming, and relaxing in the spa. The outdoor pool is terrific as well -- enormous, cool water, and, again, attentive service.Having a car, we chose to explore Dubai's endless number of restaurants, but those at the Hyatt certainly looked tempting (and if the Club food comes from the same kitchens, must be fairly reliable). In all, with its spectacular gardens (both indoor and out), fun/glitzy public spaces, and solidly comfortable rooms, I can't imagine having made a better choice for a Dubai getaway than the Grand Hyatt.	
Jul 7 2006	Truly a great Hotel	The GH is truly a great hotel. I have stayed there 5 times now, and had a faultless stay on each of them, with one small reservation about the last and most recent stay in April 2006. I have usually stayed in a deluxe room for well less than £100 a night. The rooms are large and well laid out. Standards of furniture and fitting is excellent, and the rooms are cleaned to a real 5 star standard. Tea and coffee facilities are provided in the room, and if you use anything such as a glass or cup, they are always washed and replaced within the hour without asking. The staff check the rooms so frequently. &quot;Do not disturb&quot;, &quot;please clean room now&quot; and &quot;houskeeping required lights&quot; are provided and visible outside the room to staff. You are never disturbed if the light is on. Either of the others brings a staff member within a couple of minutes as the lights are connected to a computer on each floor.Check-in has always been faultless, courtesy of staff and that general feeling of &quot;service&quot; is also faultless and is almost a little overpowering at times. I cannot fail to mention the guys who man the area outside the main entrance - they too provide taxis and valet parking almost magically. Internal facilities such as bars and coffee shops are all reasonably priced, and food and service is just plain fantastic. The coffee shop at the GH has the best cheese cake I have ever had anywhere in the world! The spa, gym and related facilities on the lower ground floor are some of the most extensive, spacious and best i have ever seen. Well staffed with intructors, and having direct exit to the pool area outside, they are well kept and equipped. There is a direct to spa lift from each floor of the hotel, so you can stay discrete and private in your shorts! The pool and garden areas are absolutely huge, and kept immaculate with an army of gardners and staff. They really have to be seen to be believed. On my last visit in April 2006, the only drawback was that the hotel had been &quot;invaded&quot; by a large number of package deal holiday makers. It was Easter, and I guess that was the reason. Nothing wrong with that, but the pool area was for the first time I have ever seen a little crowded. Maybe I am possessive, because I am used to having a good chunk of it to myself.The GH is one of a number of simply fantastic hotels in Dubai, I have visited a lot of them, but it has to be rated as well near the top with rest of the best.	
May 24 2006 	Great hotel in Dubai!	I enjoyed two great nights at the Grand Hyatt in May, 2006. This was my second stay, and I was somewhat concerned about the negative service reviews on this site (strangely, almost exclusively from the UK?). I found the service to be very good across the board at this hotel, just like my original stay in 2004. An upgrade to the club level is highly recommended, as this provides transfers (via a new BMW 750iL in my case) to the airport, and access to the excellent club lounge on the 14th floor. The hotel includes a great selection of restaurants, and I particularly enjoyed the casual &quot;Wok&quot; noodle bar. The Italian restaurant, &quot;Andiamo&quot;, is also quite good. The health club/spa is also excellent, with outstanding sauna/hot tub/steam room/plunge pool in a very upscale environment with great service. The hotel is convenient to the airport, and most other locations in Dubai subject to the horrible traffic problems. If you are looking for a boutique hotel where everyone learns your name, this is not it. If you want very high quality accomodations with great restaurants and other amenities, try this hotel. Also, note that this hotel is not located on the beach, and is not very convenient to the beach, so stay elsewhere if that is important to you.	
May 20 2006	One ot the best	I totally understand that if your on holiday you want to stay on the beach. Hang on think about it, loads of others think the same and the pool area is packed. Not at The Grand Hyatt, its a business persons Hotel, everyones gone off to business, you have a superb pool all to yourself with loads of staff to look after you, bringing you cucumber to rest your eyes, cold towels to wipe off the sweat, water bottle sprayers to cool you down, and waiters waiting to serve you.Hyatt is one of the best hotels i,ve stayed in( get a Creek View Room or better). all is fabulous, wonderful breakfast.with peacocks feeding from your hand, (they dont like bacon).Book online for best deals.A pound taxi ride takes you to Wafi Mall with great selection of bars and restaurants, try Carters Pub. reallly good and good value. Also for unique Indian food, the Antique Bazar at the Four Points Hotel, must pre book. enjoy the entertainment whilst eating after 9.Hyatt is great location for most things, I cant wait to return for 3rd visit.	
Apr 30 2006	Hy-Life At The Grand Hyatt!	After spending considerable time researching Dubai hotels for my fast approaching holiday, I came across the Grand Hyatt. After looking at their impressive website my next step was to view other traveller’s comments on here!As you’ll see, several are not good, but all seemed to go along the same lines, the hotel was fantastic but staff attitude seemed to be the major bug bear. In light of this I sent an e-mail to the Hyatt stating my concerns. Their reply put my mind at ease and we decided to book a 7 night holiday at the hotel. Choosing a club level room with a skyline view. Further correspondence with the hotel offered complementary airport transfer and early check in.When we arrived at the hotel we were suitable impressed, the hotel itself is just over 3 years old and standards have been impeccably maintained. We checked in at the Club Level lounge on the 14th floor, where we were told we’d been upgraded to a Creek View room. The room itself was on the 11th floor, large and spacious with fantastic views over the pool, the creek and out towards the golf course and yacht club. The room was clean with a large bed and walk in closet including safe. We received a visit from the cleaning manager on the first day asking if we found the room to be acceptable and we returned to our room that night to find a welcome note, a box of chocolates (always very welcome!) and a bottle of chilled date juice!The club level lounge offers drinks and snacks between 6pm-9pm, where we never resisted a couple of glasses of champagne and a few strawberries! The pool was also another major plus! It was quiet for the time we stayed there so it seemed like we had it to ourselves! Staff were always on hand to lay our towels, serve food and drinks and even provide you with cucumbers for your eyes if required!! If you have children, the children’s pool is great, with 2 winding slides and several other activities and lifeguards are always on duty. One review stated it was in the shade until the afternoon, I found it to be in the sun the whole day and got a great tan!There are several restaurants in the hotel which cater for all tastes; we mainly ate at the market café which offered dozens of different dishes in a buffet style. I celebrated my birthday whilst on holiday there and returned to the room that night to find the most delicious chocolate cake with a Happy Birthday note from the hotel staff. I have stayed in many ‘grand’ hotels before but none have ever made my stay so personal. I found the service from the staff (in ALL areas) absolutely fantastic. Their attitude and commitment to service were second to none and I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 7 2006	Really Good Hotel	We went to Dubai on the 24th of March for a break and have to say that we found this hotel to be very good, The service that we experianced went beyond that which we had expected after reading some of the reports on this site. The Hotel itself is probably the biggest in Dubai.We arrived late after a long flight and followed the instructions given to go to the desk and hand the taxi voucher to them. We were soon in a taxi and on our way to the hotel. It didnt take that long to get there but then again the traffic was light.When we got to the hotel the staff were quick to help unload the taxi and then the front desk dealt with us promptly. Up to our room and the bellboy brought our luggage soon after.The hotel is very clean and laid out internally in a superb manner. Very posh and very modern. The staff were as you would expect from a five star hotel very unobtrusive but there when ever any need was anticipated. My Wife spent time out by the pool and she stated that she had never been treated with such attention at any resort that she had been at before, cucumber for the eyes, cooling spray, nothing was too much trouble. Attracting the attention of staff was never an issue and food and drink orders were dealt with promptly.All in all it was a great hotel. We ate at the Manhattan Grill and the italian and found both of them to give good service and great food. The coffee shop had delicious ice cream and also served great coffee.Dubai was a good destination to go to and enjoyed the souks, the taxis were cheap - in fact very cheap by western standards. We did the river cruise and also went to the Basra Arab(?) for afternoon tea in the observation room - that was excellent but I have to say that I was most disappointed with the service, this was supposedly a high class resort but to recieve a cracked cup beggered belief.I would not hesitate to return to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 6 2006	Excellent Hotel	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Grand Hyatt from 1st to 4th April.We thought the hotel was excellent in virtually every category.We had a Grand Creek room which was large &amp; very comfortable. We dined in both the Manhattan Grill &amp; Atwa &amp; found the standard of food and service to be first class.We arrived at 8 am off the early Virgin flight &amp; were very pleased to be able to check in immediately.The only mild irritation was to have to wait 30 minutes &amp; make 2 calls before having our luggage collected from our room for departure.Away from the hotel shopping was great but although warned we were still amazed at the amount of construction going on.If you get the opportunity try Verre by Ramsay at the Hilton Dubai Creek , absolutely terrific.	
Mar 10 2006	Nice hotel; equally nice options exist	This hotel is quite lovely, especially the swimming pool and it has an extensive array of food options. However, it is quite isolated, which means that one must rely quite exclusively on the services provided by the hotel. Taxis in Dubai are relatively inexpensive, so it is easy and cheap to get around to other places. It may also be helpful to note that in Dubai, the alcohol is sold only at hotel bars and in some restaurants (licensed restaurants). Another Hyatt (the Park Hyatt Dubai) has recently opened near the Dubai Marina, which is trendy, modern and gorgeous. We went there just to eat, and it was absolutely spectacular. The Park Hyatt is more centrally located, and it seems to be about the same price as the Grand Hyatt.	
Mar 4 2006	Ultraaa...Grand!!!	The Travelling Gourmet is a celebrated Travel, Food &amp; Wine Writer/Editor from AsiaMY name is Lim....Michael Lim. As The Travelling Gourmet I have scoured the world for the best in food, wine and gastronomy and I found all that and more when I was privileged to attend the 1st Grand Gourmet Summit in the Middle East held in the Grand Hyatt Dubai. Over 18 masterchefs and winemakers from the 7 seas presented and taught us all about food, caviar, chocolate, cheeses, honey, champagne, and lots more. It was a culinary rendezvous to remember. Every day, I awoke from peaceful slumber and dreams of champagne and caviar in my luxurious suite on the Grand floor at 0600, to amble down to the high tech Gym. Doing my Ballet exercises while watching the sunrise over the City of Gold is an exquisite pleasure to be treasured. After my Ballet and aerobic exercises plus a swim or two in the superb ,yes, dare I say it &quot;Grand&quot; resort pool in the style that Haytt is famous for, with lots of luscious foliage and date palms, as well as waterfalls, it was off to the lap pool for serious swimming. The best part of every morning was Breakfast to feed the inner man in the Market Cafe. Here, I enjoyed exquisite Arabic and Indian food as well as my friend Chef Heinz von Holzen's Balinese specialities. The kitchens are well run to German standards of efficiency by Masterchef Max Burkhalter, whose gregarious grin is only matched by his cooking skills. He told me one day in German, &quot;Why go to the Banana when you can come here!&quot; The Banana is an insider reference to the Burj Al Arab in Dubai. If there is one restaurant you must try here, it is the Pepper Crab where Arabian guests have fallen madly in love with food from Singapore. It is 90% authentic, which is good, as Dubai is thousands of kilometers from Asia. I loved to attend the Cooking classes held by Masterchefs in the state of the art high tech Kitchen Studio, and get this, guests are actually encouraged and invited on stage to cook Hands-On with the masterchefs. From boiling, steaming, cutting and presentation, it is a blast for the novice cook or home chef to work with great chefs of the world side by side. As I am a trained Chef myself, I can tell you frankly that the esprit de corp and camaraderis is just like that found in the Army as we work, create and bond together as one happy band of brothers. A gentle recommendation for food and wine lovers everywhere, please go to Dubai for the 2nd Grand Gourmet Summit on 6 November if you adore good food and wine. In the immortal movie Casablanca starring Humphrey Bogart, Captain Louis Renault, French Prefect of Police asks Rick Blaine (Bogart), &quot;What in heaven's name brought you to Casablanca?&quot; Coolly and nonchalantly, Rick says softly in the style that Clint Eastwood would later adopt in his Dirty Harry movies, &quot;My health..the waters.&quot; Louis exclaims, &quot;Waters, what waters! We're in the desert!&quot; Without batting an eye, Rick says in the Godfather of one-liners, &quot;I was misinformed.&quot; Those who think that Dubai is a scorching desert with sand, camels and not much else are...can I say it, &quot;Misinformed.&quot; Bon appetit! Enjoy! {:-)	
Mar 1 2006	"OUT OF THIS WORLD!"	I took my Girlfriend to dubai for her 21st Birthday, have been to dubai 5 times and stayed in a number of different hotels, nothing seems to compare to the grand hyatt!. we had a creek room and the view was amazing they gave her fresh flowers everyday, and we even got a b'day cake!, and we were treated like a king and a queen. the hotel was very luxury and the staff were very polite. it was ramadam but it didnt bother us. still lots to doyou have to eat in pepper crab and have some seafood! and ask the chefs to do a flambe!.cant wait to go back, a true amazing place 10/10.	
Feb 22 2006	Excellent value for money	We've just returned from a stay at the Grand Hyatt and cannot speak more highly both of the rooms and the service. We had two large interconnecting creek view rooms for a family of 5. The rooms had plenty of space with brilliant bathrooms. The staff were always willing to help and the food, both varity and quality was excallent.The pool was was very clean with plenty of lounger. The spa was of very high standard. It was very central, near the town, airport and the beach so ideally locted. We would definity book there again.	
Jan 30 2006	Great hotel	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt in January 2006. Read all of the reviews before booking. Hotel is definitely 5 star. Stayed in an emiri suite so free transfers from the airport. Suite was large enough to accomodate my 3 kids as well. This is a important as Jumeirah hotels have now change their room policy (2 adults and only 1 child - even in a suite). Suite has a bedroom, dining room/lounge,a small kitchen and a guest toilet.Modern interior design.Pool area is probably one of the best I have seen in a dubai hotel, especially for kids under 10 (beats going to wild wadi).Staff were also very polite and efficient, which would suggest that things have improved since the initial reviews.Would definetly recommend this hotel to all.	
Jan 23 2006 	Well I would go again !!!	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt 4 days in Jan and can confirm like most of the other reviewers that it is an Excellent Hotel ! Points of note......Hotel and Rooms very Clean, our room was on the 9th floor overlooking the Pool and Creek, no traffic or building noise. The room was large and had a large bed, excellent marble bathroom and great walk in shower.Staff very polite and helpful and made you feel welcome.... arrived to find we had been given a smoking room, went to reception and they gave us another room and sent a Bellhop with us to move our case's straight away. On night after returning from dinner we found that we could not get into our room, we called reception from a phone in the hallway and in a short space of time security arrived and unlocked the door, apparently we had left our Safe open with some cash and cameras inside, when the maid came in to turn down the room she phone security whom double locked the door, I was very impressed!Didn't use many of the facilities in the hotel but was told the SPA was excellent and the pool was good. Plenty of good restaurants in the Hotel but make sure you book in advance especially Thurs and Friday which is their weekend. There is a 'Market Cafe' which is a self service mix of Italian, Indian &amp; Arabic foods and also a good Coffee Shop.Shopping in Dubai not for the faint hearted!!!The Wadi Mall / Planet Hollywood is a 10min walkThe Mall of the Emirates is a 20min Taxi ride and costs approx 36dhs - Wear comfortable shoes !I would certainly go again, hope this helps.	
Jan 22 2006	A Holiday inn basically ! Business user ONLY !	Average....with niggles.Average is most definitely the way to describe this hotel. It is extremely large but for it's size, it has very little to offer. The main hotel area is a basically a desk and a huge plastic-plant, tropical jungle style area - with a couple of goldfish floating around the freshwater puddle in the middle. A real waste of space - and to get from one side of the hotel you have to navigate this jungle each time (which isn't great to look at either). The clientele are mainly arab businesmen - not really any children at all or romantic couples. The facilities are nothing special, with one or two themed restaurants (italian, Chinese) and a canteen style eating area called the market cafe - which serves, yes you've guessed it, chinese noodles and italian pizza's and pasta!The pool is very nice - but because the hotel is so tall, you can forget getting a suntan until at least 3pm onwards (big shame)as it's in near darkness until this point - and quite drafty and cold in Jan/Feb.The rooms were nice and spacious - but i'd certainly not guessed this was a 5 star hotel. Yes we did have the mix-up room problems as discussed elsewhere on this thread too (smoking room instead of non smoking - then a twin, when we requested a double bed). The location is certainly not one that lends itself to fun either - its a bit out of the way and off a 4 lane carriageway. In a nutshell - if i were travelling all that way to Dubai there a far more beautiful hotels - such as the Mina A Salam.PLUS i must add - the previous reviewer stated there were cranes all over Jumiriah beach?? thats rich! I stayed down there too this week and its fine (none visible / no noise either) - it's actually the Hyatt area which has all the building work! that mile-square is where the works happening.	
Jan 21 2006 	Not a good choice for an enjoyable trip	Having gone to Dubai for the first time on a business trip, I was rather disappointed by the hotel. The airport pickup failed to materialise and I had to take a taxi after a ten hour flight. My supposedly superior room was located on the first floor with a view of the airport and of a big sign advertising IKEA. The decor throughout the hotel was extremely kitschy and it lacked atmosphere. Having stayed in a lot of 5-star hotels, I can honestly say that the Grand Hyatt Dubai was the worst so far.The only positive aspect of the hotel was the food (room service) which was up to the highest standards (although the staff made it very obvious that they expect a tip).	
Dec 13 2005	Best hotel in Dubai	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt during the October half term and I can honestly say that we chose the best hotel by far. We could not get into a hotel on the Jumeriah Beach as it was fully booked, however, after arriving, Im glad we didnt as there is so much construction going on down there, I think it would have ruined our holiday. I felt that the Grand Hyatt was a good location as it was a 5 to 10 min cab ride down to Jumeriah, the hotel is a vey high standard with unbeleiveable staff that treat their guests like royalty. There is noting about this hotel that I could fault, and when visiting places like the Burj Al Arab, I still felt it to be a better hotel all round. I will definetly be staying there again!! Strongly reccomended.	
Nov 8 2005	Rolls Royce Hotel Reliant Robin Service	Earlier reviews of this hotel on trip advisor indicated serious problems regarding service but my father's recent visit in July 2005 to the Grand Hyatt Dubai did not confirm any of these common concerns. Hence we decided to visit in mid Oct 2005 for a 3 night stay; reserving a non-smoking creek view room for a family of 4.The type of service we could expect was obvious right from the start of the holiday, when the airport transfer limousine that we booked and confirmed by email in advance was delayed by over 30 mins and we were made to wait in the heat with 2 young children. The incompetence of the concierge was even more apparent when a 7 series BMW came to pick-up a family of four - the boot was only able to take one large suitcase and not the three we bought along. Finally a Landcruiser was sent to handle the additional luggage. Daniela in concierge apologised with some reservations for the mix-up and offered to waive the airport transfer fees worthy of a measly £24 pounds sterling - hardly befitting the trouble caused and certainly not the best way to make a good impression on new customers. Inside the hotel, the main foyer is quite spectacular with a pineapple &amp; palm tree chandelier hanging over the Al Nakeel lounge and sea boats appearing in the backdrop. A comprehensive selection of restaurants is centred on a rain forest theme with a stream of exotic fish.Following check-in with a confused member of the front desk, we were left to search for our own room while the bellboys followed after, a lost opportunity in my opinion to welcome the guests to Dubai and sell the fabulous restaurants and facilities of the hotel. After discovering that our dedicated room was actually a designated smoking room, we rang the customer services manager, Girish. Luckily he spoke English very well and could understand our concerns to swiftly move us to a 9th floor non-smoking room.The creek view room itself was very elegantly furnished and a very good size even by Dubai standards with spectacular views over the creek and resort pools. Air-conditioning system was very effective and although the fridge was one of those &quot;Touch anything and you’re charged&quot;, you had the option of getting this emptied by house keeping. The room featured a day lounger and a comfortable king sized bed with good quality pillows and linen. Just a small reminder for UK guests to bring your own tea bags, theirs certainly don’t come close to PG tips. The large bathrooms at the hotel are very impressively finished a contemporary mosaic finish, you have twin washbasins, a designer bathtub, a power shower cubicle and segregated w/c &amp; bidet. Just needed Molten Brown products to finish off the overall experience expected at a top 5* hotel in Dubai.As we were visiting during the Ramadan period certain restrictions were in place at this hotel, drinking and eating was limited to certain confined areas. Quite bizarre as the Dubai beach hotels are a lot more liberal on these restrictions and only ban serving alcohol until 7pm. When visiting the dedicated enclosure at the pool resort, service to take our order and bring out the drinks and snacks was embarrassingly slow. When you look at the prices they charge against the service and products delivered, the feeling of ‘day-light robbery’ certainly comes to mind. We were expecting the room service menu to be extended for the Ramadan period as so many of the restaurants are closed, but yet again another lucrative opportunity was missed. Room service was very inflexible and often bordering on rude, certainly not proactive to guiding customer selection or to recommend the availability of foods at the market café. Service in the restaurants is much the same, they all are well trained and happy to say no and look the other way.We did find some hidden gems at this hotel, the ice-creams in the Italian Café, Panini and the hot stone massage at the Grand Spa. I suspect the root cause of the service failures at this hotel, starts with the management. I do not believe they value, appreciate or even appropriately reward the hotel staffs, who are in turn disenfranchised by this negative culture. The management are very happy to listen to customer complaints but taking corrective action is not something they are empowered to do. Would we ever stay at this hotel ever again? – certainly not while we have the choice of our favourites in Dubai, Le Royal Meridien and Grosvenor House, which continue to raise the royal service standards in Dubai.	
Nov 5 2005	Fantastic hotel	My family (3 kids, 8,11,14), my wife and I stsyed at the Grand Hyatt Dubai for 4 days in October. This hotel is GREAT. My comments:- It is a large hotel that is simply stunning. The level of detail in the rooms, lobby areas and restaurants is unbelieveable.- In the lobby there is a large oasis area (trees, water) the lobby and some of the restaurants are built around this feature.- There is a large pool area with a large 'adult' pool and a separate area and pool for kids. It includes slides, play areas, etc. My 8 yr old loved it. They also have a kids club with activities for the kids (biased towards younger kids)- There are a number of very nice (but expensive of course!) restaurants. The large 'buffet' style area is great with different types of food in a large common area adjacent to the 'oasis'. Great food with something for everyone. I also highly recommend the Peppered Crab restaurant. The peppered mud crab is fantastic - I have only seen this in the Far East.I have stayed at several hotels in Dubai - my comments in comparison:- Grand Hyatt vs. Intercontinental: Hyatt is a FAR FAR nicer hotel with many many more amenities. There is absolutely no comparison of the hotels. The only advantage of the Intercontinental is its location next to the creek and closer to some attractions but this is minor compared to the difference in the hotels. - Grand Hyatt vs. Emirates towers: Hyatt wins on all categories, particularly for families (Emirates is a very nice business hotel). The only advantage of the Emirates is its proximity to the convention ctr.The only negative of the hotel is that it is a bit far (20 min cab ride) from some of the attractions (Wild Wadi, Jumeriah Beach area). But, this is the only negative, it is a fantastic resort that is amongst the top few hotels I have ever experienced.I have seen a comment referring to the negative attitude of the staff. My experience was 100% the opposite. The staff always had a smile on their face and could not have been more helpful.	
Oct 14 2005	Grand Hyatt	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt. Excellent hotel and service. Breakfast buffet has vast array of things to choose from. Very slick arrangement with the taxis kept slightly away from the hotel and doorman in contact with them. The kids pool is great with two mini tunnels to slide through and a whole load of water fountains. This worked out better than Wild Wadi as WW is more for adults and teens. We went during Ramadan and City centre mall is open the whole day, however, some other malls shut at 13h00.	
Sep 25 2005	Very poor staff attitude	After having spent 1 night at a hotel we will never ever return to (absolutely no value for money), we decided to move to the Hyatt thinking we would feel at home considering I've previously worked at several Hyatt hotels myself.We were disappointed from check-in where we had to wait several minutes although there were 4 front office staff behind the glass wall chatting.Once in the room we felt very comfortable, the room was spotless and I'd rate the room 5*. Well, the feeling didn't last too long as we met some of the most unfriendliest staff as we walked through the hotel. We went to Panini 4 times, and only ONE female staff welcomed us with a smile, all of the many other staff couldn't care less. No smile, no eye contact when answering our question, rude, just extremely unpleasant. Also, the waiter at the Italian restaurant served us throughout dinner with no smile, just a cold facial expression, no hospitality whatsoever. The Concierge staff also answered our questions with no smile and no eye contact. The only pleasant staff we met were probably the bell staff. Upon check out we left a letter to the GM stating they should definitely improve their staff attitude, especially as I know what Hyatt's standard is supposed to be. We got a call from a Front Office staff (Manager?), saying they actually receive a lot of comments regarding their staff, but that they are too busy to actually work on it. Very poor management I'd say: service/personal experiences are the most important issues in hotel, not how grand the hotel 'looks'. If you want to stay at a beautiful hotel near the airport, stay at this hotel, but do not expect to served from friendly staff.	
Jul 12 2005	Excellent	This hotel cannot be faulted. We upgraded to a Creek view room which was spacious had everything we needed. Facilities fantastic - you wouldn't know you were in the city - no traffic noise no building work, check out the spa, its amazing. Service spot on, lots of choices to eat but typical Dubai hotel prices and you can get good food a lot cheaper. Only 15 mins from most of the city attractions and malls. Definately recommended, can't wait to go back.	
Jun 7 2005	excellent hotel	The Grand Hyatt is a hotel of very high standard, the rooms are very clean and luxorious the staff are very helpful. The hotel has a very impressive spa, there is a number of swimming pools and the pool staff are very helpful they cannot do enough for you. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting dubai as it really made our holiday one to remember. Dubai is a rich country and staying in this hotel made us feel like royalty, we were very surprised to be collected from the airport in a brand new 7 series BMW.	
May 21 2005	Best hotel I've ever stayed in!!	I stayed at this hotel for 10 nights in June '04 and was absolutely blown away by everything the hotel had to offer. The staff was so friendly and helpful, rooms were superb (the bathroom was my favorite part of the room), the gym, spa, pools, tennis courts, etc. were top quality. Everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel. I enjoyed my stay so much that I vowed I would come back and stay at this hotel everytime I visited Dubai. I am going to Dubai again in August and plan on staying at the Grand Hyatt. I would advise anyone looking to stay at a beautiful, top class resort, to stay here. Its the nicest hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying in.	
May 10 2005	Great service and very friendly		
May 5 2005	Faultless		
Apr 6 2005	Have to agree with comments about staff		
Jan 17 2005	Not sure		
Jan 3 2005	Very bad service - throughout the hotel		
Nov 21 2004 	Great gym!		
Nov 2 2004	a good 5* hotel		
Oct 13 2004	We were spoilt rotten!!!		
Jul 25 2004	wonderfull experience		
Jul 21 2004 	Don't go to the Grill restaurant		
Aug 28 2009 	?????????		
Jul 9 2009 	??????????????????????????????		
Mar 1 2009 	mehr braucht man nicht		
Feb 16 2009 	?????????		
Jan 20 2009 	????????????????????		
Jan 4 2009 	excellent établissement		
Dec 29 2008 	Hôtel luxe		
Oct 8 2008 	Luxus pur - wer´s mag!		
Sep 20 2008 	Lusso ed Eleganza		
Jun 7 2008 	MERVEILLEUX		
May 11 2008 	Grand Hyatt Dubai_commento		
Nov 19 2006 	Superbe hotel		
