Aug 18 2009 	not recommended	i live in uae abu dhabi, but every week end i am staying hotels in dubai. but stay in palm beach hotel was really horrible. hotel staff were friendly and indian resturents is really good. but room was poor quality with bad smell. they give two single bed for love birds, god know how i managed to get with two single beds. a/c was making loudnoise like gererators and bathroom was not up to a 3 star catogory. its nice loation but no resturents near by hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	Palm Beach Rotana Inn Dubai : The Worst Place I have ever been in	I booked this at this s**t hole online while being in a hurry.The moment I entered thru the lobby, i realized that i have done a big mistake!!The hotel is dramatically an old building which is not taken care of, indian food and spice smell fills the place from the lobby even to the bed i slept on.The room was nothing but a very old dull, poor in hygene and facilities store. I was given a twin bed room once i cheked in and i changed to a queensize single bed one.There was no AC control, AC ducts are opened between rooms, toilet was terrible with improper plumbing, water was hot as hell, and nothing inside but a couple of towels, soap and shampoo sachets ( the worst quality ). Noise from the street, other rooms and night clubs was horrible.The staff were a bunch of rude indians and the rooom service completely sucked.i ordered a bucket of ice , it was charged, and i got a beer pint glass of ice instead whihc came after exactly 30 mins.There was no minibar, and the only thing in the fridge was a couple of 2 tap filled unsealed water bottles.Later at night i came back with a lady friend and the receptionist was asking for extra charges !! but some dhs &quot;tip&quot; was enough to shut him up, and still he called at 8 am! to ask for the guest to leave ( i was really frustrated and they kept on calling )i switched off the phone ringer and once again i was called to confirm my check out time!!In Brief, nothing was satisfactory and definitely i would never go there or recomend that place ot anyone.	
Jun 8 2009 	Average Hotel	It's a budget hotel.I stayed Palm beach for 4 days.I arrived Palm beach early hours ,But Hotel gave me my room ,there is no problem with early checkin.Hotel staff are indians ,especially receiptonists was rude.They asked me my passport ,But they did not give any clear explanation and we heated debate each other.Then They gave me my passport.When I was my room ,an employee has come and he asked my passport again ,I was very hangry.I have learned later ,In Dubai hotels take your passport to scan digitally and submit details to police.Hotel room is a little old ,but clean ,bathroom and bed was adequate.There was also Nigtclubs on the ground.There was noise.Location is good ,to reach Old souq ,dubai museum ,Al fahidi Street ,Carrefour Shindiga Abra station are walking distance(A little long ).But If you wanna go to Jumeireh ,Burjuman ,You need to take taxi.Breakfast was basic but adequte ,There were Asian and Indian foods.There was no net connection for rooms.But There was a net cafe very near hotel.	
Jan 5 2009 	Look for a beeter cock roach place	With all the construction happening in Dubai, this hotel was not in a bad place, however the room I paid for was not the room given. I paud for a double, but when I arrived I was given a single. After two days of complaining I was placed in the double room, but not after seeing roaches crawling around in the other room.The hotel advertised International Breakfast, but the breakfast was for nationalites of Filipinos and Indian. I am an American, and there was nothing International about it. i have travel around the world. Breakfast hours were from 0630-1030. If went to eat after 0900, you stood the chance of not eating or getting very minimum. The fruit was either sour or rotten.The only TV channels on (7 channels) were Indian, BBC and CNN. The AC did not work properly, the bathroom plumbing was very tacky, holes drilled to the side to insert fixtures.	
Nov 10 2008 	Not bad	My friend and i stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during a week, when a convention was taking place in Dubai so most of the hotels were either full or much more expensive than usual.We booked the hotel through a website that confirmed the price in Dirhams and that although took full credit card details, didn't take the payment. The exchange rate dropped considerably by the time we checked out and thus our stay ended up costing us noticably more than expected. Hence i would advise you book through a website that gives you a price in your local currency or that takes the payment immediately.On arrival, the first thing that hits you is the strong strange unpleasant smell, which lingers around the whole hotel, including the bedroom. On first impression, the hotel was a disappointment. The frontage and lobby was much smaller than appeared in the web photos. The location was on a busy road but not very impressive. The location is generally good though in terms of getting around. Buses to almost everywhere are obtainable right outside the hotel accompanied by an aircon bus-stop. Taxis are reasonably easier to get here, which can be very dificult. The meena bazaar is within easy walking distance, but this did not appeal to us.The reception staff were ok with some being friendlier than others. The tour guide was extremely helpfull, providing us all sorts of useful detailed information. From which bus to get to how much taxis should cost us to get to a particular destination. He gave us good directions, which we found very useful.The bedroom was spacious and furniture was new and of decent quality. The room looked a bit gloomy, probably becuase of choice of decor and the aircon was very basic. The bathroom was of a reasonable size and towels and linen were changed daily. Curtains could be better as weren't hung properly so didn't block out the light. Breakfast was good and varied on a daily basis. It was a mixture of hot and cold. Service on some mornings was extremely poor resulting in alot of waiting around for staff, however omelettes can be made on request although a wait maybe necessary.We were on the 5th floor and didn' hear any noise from the 3 nightclubs on the ground floor. We didn't spend much time in the hotel so couldn't comment on anything else.It was generally ok.	
Jun 15 2008 	Value for Money	Over all satisfied with the stay, enjoyed my trip to Dubai, Small but Nice Hotel, I can say it's value for money, Staff are friendly and well behaved, asked for an early Check In as flight landed 0700am, they gave me an early Check In when I was there at 0900am, centrally located with all local shopping areas around.Food was fantastic with asian taste, only they don't have WiFi, which I think it's must.	
Jun 12 2008 	homely family hotel	united arab emirates ; Palm Beach Hotel, Dubai. &quot;nice atmosphere for family &quot;Date; may 4, 2008myself and family just returned from a week at the palmbeach hotel, dubai. The hotel is well maintained and very neat and clean.we stayed in the fifth floor over looking the city.  The breakfast served in the coffee shop on an inclusive package with the room was very attractive as it offers a wide variety of international buffet spread. even my son was very happy to find his favorite crispy potato wedges in the buffet. Restaurants are great . staffs are very attentive and taken good care of us during our stay.	
May 10 2008	Very bad value for money hotel and in a terrible location.	Probably &quot;The&quot; worst value for money hotel in Dubai. Old and in a bad location with a very rowdy night club. The booking was arranged via Thompson Tours.	
May 2 2007 	Forget it!	If you are looking for a cheap and nasty Hotel, then book this one. Although the rooms are clean and cool, the view from the back of the Hotel is looking down at slums where the huge population of migrant workers doss down, and even on the 5th floor we could still hear the 'boom-boom' of the night club on the ground floor that stays open until 4a.m.The breakfast is limited and seems to be mostly left-overs from the dinner the night before, who eats re-heated roast chicken and mash potatoes for breakfast? Although breakfast was included in the price we paid, the first morning after eating (corn flakes), the waiter followed us to our room waving the bill, and accusing us of leaving without paying or signing the bill.When booking the Hotel through Opodo, I was given a total price to pay the Hotel for our 6 night stay. However, 'TOTAL' doesn't mean 'everything included' at this Hotel. I was asked at check-in for an extra 20% for service charges and local taxes and was told if I didn't pay, I wouldn't get the room. Taxis are needed to go anywhere, as this Hotel is so far away from any of the attractions, so use the money you would spend on Taxis and book a better class of Hotel. If you are just passing through Dubai and need a cheap Hotel for one night and don't eat breakfast and suffer from insomnia, then this could be the place for you, but you would probably be better off sleeping on the floor at the Airport!	
Feb 20 2007 	Only for budget hotel.	We spent there one week throught Ramadan season. Problem was only with arrival to hotel, because staff tried to give me room in highest floor. There was mildew roof with non-regulation aircondition. So I required to change room, so I received room in third floor, there it were without problem.Please never stay in highest floor, differences between rooms are very large.Hotel is very old.... I think, that staff try to hold rooms in best condition, but many years without reconstruction is feeling....Don´t expect something wonderfull, but trim old room. Breakfast is very asian, for western people is little poor.Advantage is localation, hotel is in centre of BurDubai and is very easy go to Creek (about 5 minutes walk only).	
Jan 18 2007	Stay away from the lower floors	It's hard to find affordable and centrally located accomodation in Dubai for a short stay. This hotel seemedto fit the bill for a one night stay, and the location -- just a 10 minite walk from the Creek -- was fine. However, this relatively small hotel is stuffed full of restaurants and two nightclubs, and the noise (that thumping disco beat) can be heard LOUDLY in rooms on the first floor and DISTINCTLY in rooms on the second floor. The hotel staff also said they had no record of my reservation (booked through the Hotelopia website) when I rang them two weeks in advance to check. Chancing our luck, when we showed up there on the reserved date, they did find our reservation. Whew! However, they were unable to comply with my request (made when I booked the hotel months in advance) for rooms on the upper floors.All in all, a hotel to be avoided -- unless you are in town to party.	
Nov 10 2006	Friendly but poor location	As a person who was traveling alone to Dubai for the first time I found this hotel to be a no frills, adequate place for adult travelers looking for a basic place to stay. The staff are very friendly and knowledgable about Dubai. There are also several small resturaunts in the place and a club (gets loud and smokey). I do not recommend the hotel for kids as there is not enough ammentities to keep them busy. Another drawback is the location; in Bur Dubai which is he old part of Dubai and the main street in fron of the hotel is full of small computer stores and grocery marts which only accept cash. The problem I found is that to get anywhere of interest you had to take a taxi which can get expensive. If you want to see tourists sights and be in a location close to the beach or major attraction I suggest pay the money and you will not regret it. I ended up spending about 60-100 Dirhams a day on a taxi. In summary, OK hotel in a run down part of town and away from everything of interest. There is a Starbucks about a mile walk away!	
Oct 8 2006	Lousy	I stayed with some friends. The rooms are ok but it seems all cramped. No swimming pool or other facilities apart from the nightclub where you get ripped off on drinks. The hotel is lifeless. btw despite having the word 'beach' in its name, it is 3-4 miles from the nearest beach.	
Jun 3 2006	A good budget hotel	I stayed here for five nights in May 2006. Despite phoning the hotel two days prior to my arrival to arrange a complimentary airport pick-up, they failed to meet me on the day and I had to call the hotel from my UK mobile and hold for six minutes only to be told that I hadn't arranged a pick-up. Eventually I got a taxi to the hotel and insisted that they pay for it which they did. On the plus side I was allocated a room within 30 minutes (it was 8 o'clock in the morning and check-in time is after 2pm). The room was large and clean with a massive king sized bed. There was a satelite television in the room. Although the air-conditioning is permanently on you can regulate it by pulling the shutter across the air vent. The noise from the street at the front of the hotel is annoying but I never heard any noise from the nightclub on the ground floor. The breakfast was okay and you could order eggs if you wanted. The location is not ideal unless you particularly want to be in Bur Dubai but there is a bus stop a few yards away with several routes going all over Dubai and of course taxis are readily available. I booked this hotel through Utell and was quoted 250 Dirhams per night but the hotel adds on 20% extra in fees and taxes so it was actually 300 Dirhams per night. The hotel minibus took me back to the airport on my last day at the time I requested so all in all this is a good budget 3 star hotel.	
May 11 2006	Nice Clean Budget Hotel with Excellent Service	I stayed at the Palm Beach rottana for 10 nights with my family, the hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful &amp; friendly all of the staff at reception could speak English. There is a night club on the ground floor &amp; another one next door so best to get a room on the higher floors 4th &amp; upwards if you want a quite night sleep.There is a 24 hours chemist next door &amp; a massive supermarket 5 mins walk. We were provided an extra bed in our room &amp; picked &amp; dropped off from the airport, no problems at all. I emailed the hotel &amp; told them my flight number. I was also given a late checkout on the last day 2pm. The room was nice and spacious with TV &amp; refrigerator. The rooms have AC but cannot be controlled which is kept on all the time. There was hot water available for showers all the time. We were also provided an Iron &amp; table for the whole stay, and there was no extra charge to have breakfast in the room. The hotel also has secure safes in reception for use free of charge.Some reviewers have got confused with the name this hotel which is on Kahild Ibn Walid Rd ( A main road with lots of computer shops) &amp; not near a beach, But it is easy to catch a taxi to the beach. If your looking for a lavish hotel which has a Wowwww factor then this is not the one, there is also no pool or sauna or gym.But in 10 nights stay I personally could not fault this hotel. If you’re on a budget this 3 star hotel is perfect for exploring Dubai.	
Apr 3 2006	Very welcoming friendly and caring budget hotel	We were looking for a budget hotel and stayed at the Palm Beach Rotana. We were made to feel very welcome. The staff are cheerful, helpful,friendly and enjoy what they do! Rooms are budget rooms but comfortable and clean with coffee and tea making facilities. Our fridge was well stocked, with complimentary mineral water every day. Food was good and we enjoyed the Goan menu, but be prepared for a few suprises. One morning's breakfast was chicken casserole and mashed potatoes and it tasted good! The hotel is situated on a busy road full of Computer shops (no beach in sight) but is in walking distance of the nicest side of Dubai creek (Bur Dubai side). The local ferry costs the equivalent of 8 pence to cross to the soukes (gold souk etc) at the other side in Deira ,but to be honest we preferred wandering round the textile souk in Bur Dubai. There is a large hypermarket within walking distance, and the hustle and bustle of local Dubai life is all around. It is not a beach location, but the beaches (and all the expensive hotels and restaurants)are a taxi ride away. We would definitely go back here again.	
Jan 2 2006	Take another one	I spent three nights at the Palm Beach Rotana Inn, and I was unfortunately allocated to room 108 on the first floor. Room 108 is located right above the night club, which disturbed my sleep by extremly loud music and basses even causing vibration on the floor until 3am. Additionally, hotel staff daily needed to pass my room to get to the terrace (non-accessible for guests), where the maintenance room of the aircondition is situated. The aircondition in my room was neither adjustable nor equipped to be turned off.The room itsef was spacious offering the ordinary amenties like TV and refrigerator. Bathroom was okay, hot water was only delievered upon activation of a certain switcher requiring some time to prepare. The premises is located in Downtown Dubai (Bur Dubai) very close to the heritage district and the Dubai creek. Five minutes apart there is a huge supermarket, which offers a huge selection from pastries to microwaves. The beach can only be reached by taxi as many other sights in Dubai. The best thing about the Plam beach is the staff, which was always available for requests and wishes.	
Oct 26 2005	Fantastic hotel	This hotel is absolutely fantastic. Ever helpful staff, eager to please.The beach is spotless, restaurants well staffed with an excellent choice of food and drink. Would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Abu Dhabi for the first time.	
Sep 12 2005	Good value location	I stayed here for 2 nights en route to London from Sydney. I arrived at 7am, and they had me in a room by 7.45am, which was nice as check-in wasn't until 12 noon.The room was nice enough, decent sized double bed, nice bathroom. Shower wasn't too great though. as soon as you turned up the temperature on the tap, the flow was reduced to a dribble, so you had good cold shower, or a pretty dry hot one!Air conditioner was a unit high in the wall which I couldn't adjust, not sure if it was jammed. The porter had had to climb on a chair to switch it on! There was a small fridge, containing 2 bottles of water, however the seal had been broken on both, and one wasn't completely full. So I gave the water a miss as I didn't really trust it.Breakfast was ok, nothing special. I gave the cooked stuff a miss, didn't really look too appetizing, bit of a weird concoction. So it was toast and croissants. Hwever they will cook an omlette for you on request. Breakfast wasn't included but only cost around 13-14 dm (around £2).Location wise it was ok if you're not there for the beaches..although it is close to the bus station so you can take a bus there quite easily. It is within walking distance to the creek and the abra station to go over to Deira. There aren't too many Westerners hanging around the area, I felt I was being stared at when I was out walking in public. Not sure if that was because I'm a foreigner or because I was a woman out alone. It seemed to be 95% men out in the street!	
Jul 20 2005	Was alright	Husband, 9 month old baby and I needed a bed for the night as we were transiting enroute to London from Riyadh. I picked this hotel because the reviews weren't too bad and I got a room for AED150 (before service charge) including welcome drinks, complimentary fruit platter and breakfast (or so said the advert).After booking the hotel on orbitz.com, I then emailed the hotel directly to ask about airport transfer and to provide a cot for my baby. They then wrote back and said they'll provide a complimentary airport transfer for us on arrival. Although our flight was delayed by an hour and we arrived after midnight, the hotel driver was waiting outside arrivals holding a board with my name on it. The drive to the hotel was a bit scary as the driver was speeding. We arrived safely at the hotel and were a bit surprised at the noise coming from the disco/club on the groundfloor of the hotel. I asked the receptionist to give me a room on a higher floor but he assured me that I wouldn't be able to hear the noise. Check-in didn't take too long, and a porter helped place our bags in a tiny elevator. Stepped into the room, and I couldn't see a cot or a fruit platter. The room was huge and the bed looked comfortable enough. The bathroom was a moderate size and had plenty of mirrors. I told my husband that I was going to enquire about the cot and fruit platter and went back to the receptionist who assured me that a cot had already been placed in our room. I told him that it wasn't there and he suddenly realised that he had given me the wrong room keys. Once the mistake was sorted, a porter accompanied to help us move to our 'correct' room. The new room was pretty much the same except that it had a fruit platter, a cot and 2 bottles of water in the fridge. My husband later realised that the seal on the water bottles was already broken so I called up housekeeping and was told that the water was not mineral water but the hotel's chilled water. My husband decided not to drink the water as he didn't feel assured about the cleanliness of the water or the bottle. I didn't sleep very well that night as our room faced the main road and I found the noise from the traffic disturbing although it didn't really bother my husband. The next morning, I decided to take a shower and found hot water coming out of both the cold water tap and hot water tap. I managed to take a quick shower before I got scalded. Later, we went for our complimentary buffet breakfast which was in one of the hotel's Indian restaurants. It was a small restaurant and on offer was some cereals, pancakes, fruits, and some Indian breakfasts. I had some Indian breakfast which I enjoyed very much. After breakfast, we packed up and left as we wanted to do some shopping at the City Centre Mall which was nearer the airport. Overall, for the price we paid, it was a satisfactory hotel.	
Jul 9 2005	No Complaints	I stayed in the palm beach rotana hotel for 2 nights in early july 05. Taxi from airport cost 40 diram(less than 10 euro) but on arrival i was a little surprised to find a nightclub next to the hotel and another one inside. I was taken aback at the popularity of these night clubs on a thursday night and it wasn't till the next day i figured out thursday night in islamic countries is a bit like saturday night in the west. Our ensuite room was clean and spacious and had a TV and Irish/English type plug sockets. The hotel faces onto Kalid Bin Walid street which is locally known as the computer street and there was some noise coming in from outside. Our stay cost 456diram in total which worked out at about 27 euro per person per night. Overall it was satisfactory and i have no complaints	
Apr 23 2005	GOOD LOCATION!!!	I stayed at Palm Beach for 6 nights with my partner and had a brilliant time. The staff were friendly and very helpful. The location is also good, the hotel is walking distance from meena bazaar and the textile souk. It is also only a 10 minute drive from Jumeira beach park which is brilliant. So if you're looking to go to Dubai but don't want to splash out on a 7 star hotel then i would recommend staying here!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Hotel a renover completement qui dit Dubai dit le lux		
Jan 23 2009	Für 3 Sterne fehlte einfach die Hygiene		
Nov 6 2008 	Atención este hotel no tramita visados!!! (leed si necesitais visado)		
Feb 15 2007 	trop bruyant		
Apr 14 2006	Zum Übernachten völlig ausreichend.		
