Oct 26 2009 	Good overall service 	Just came back after a week at this hotel. The Al Manar hotel apartments (part of ABC group) is located a 10 minute drive from Dubai international Airport which will cost around 40 dirhams by taxi which is £7.00. We had a very big room including a kitchen area that consists of frige freezer, washing machine, microwave, toaster, kettle and electric hob. You also get some basic cuttlery and the fridge has a mini bar (Non Alcoholic drinks only). It also has a secure safe, nice table and chairs, ironing board/ iron and the all important flat screen TV.The hotel is a ten minute taxi drive to the Al mamzar beach park costs around 14 dirhams £2.50 entry fee to the park is five dirhams £0.90p. There is a pool area, place to eat, male/female changing area and a lovely beach.The gold and spice souk/market are not far away if you like that kind of thing. I would recommend going to the Wild Wadi Water park great fun for adults and kids and you can get some great pictures of the Burj Al Arab. We went bed and breakfast. The breakfast is not the best i've had on holiday however its not the worst. The only other downside is there are no fantastic views from your room as there is a construction site next door however we hardly noticed it as we spent most of the day sight seeing. Noise you cannot notice as all windows are fully double glazed. The staff are quite friendly and always willing to help. There is a small pool on the rooftop with sun loungers a shower area and toilets for that all important tan!Location wise its ok, however if you decide to travel to the Jumeirah end it will cost by taxi around 60 dirhams £10 each way and more if you venture futher afield. There is now the partially completed dubai metro(un manned automatic train Like the DLR in London) which you you can get around town with running from Jebal Ali to Rashidya called the red line started 7 weeks ago. However from the hotel you need to get a taxi to Deira city centre station 10 mins away. Its very modern and very clean with the average single trip costing 4/5 dirhams less than £1.00. You can buy a silver card for 6 dirhams and top it up as you go. (A bit like an oyster card on the London underground but way cheaper ! The green line will be completed by mid 2010. The only other thing is that you must get into the right compartment as there is a women and children only carriage the others are mixed. Perfect if you want to go to the emirates mall. There are a good few places to eat nearby the hotel serving western and indian food. I quite enjoyed the iranian chicken sandwich made in fresh bread from accross the road. Drinks are very cheap too stock up as you will need it due to the heat ! I would recommend this hotel to anyone on an average budget.	
Apr 29 2009 	Ok rooms construction next door	Room was nice and modern. Had reasonable size bedroom large tv, kitchen, big fridge so of for extended stay.There was construction of building next door and noise was an issue but it stopped at nightfall.Dont like these Dubai hotels wanting to hold passports. I have stayed at 2 4 points and they scanned passports and returned them in 5 min so I dont understand why others take hours and complain when you ask for them back right qaway.Dont really know about the location. It was opposite direction to central hotels I normally stay at and probably 15 - 20 min from main terminals. I stayed as a Dubai stopover as I had a long connection and my wife needed visa so ended up here.Good point was the free shuttle to the airport.	
Oct 26 2009 	super sejour		
May 11 2008 	Eher 3* als 5*-Hotel		
