Dec 9 2008 	average	last minute stay. not my usual but you get what you pay for.	
Oct 20 2008 	Moldy unventilated rooms; the staff is not trustworthy	The Pacific Hotel is one of the cheapest hotels in Dubai (we paid 50 $ / night) and it's located in the middle of the old city centre. So you cannot expect having a quiet room. In the evening there's a terrible traffic around the hotel and at 5 o'clock the muezzins from the near mosques will wake you up. On the other hand, you have the interesting old town and the markets nearby. But the hotel's rooms are unventilated and smelly. It seemed, that the staff haven't opened the windows for years. I would give the rooms a &quot;D+&quot; rating. But the most disturbing fact was that the staff tried to cheat us; when we arrived, the staff at the front desk told us, that they booked - without having asked - a desert tour for us which was already charged from my credit card. Ok, after a short discussion they returned me the money in cash, but a queasy feeling still remains. I would not recommend this hotel to other travellers but I don't have an idea where to stay in Dubai when you're on a budget either.	
Mar 15 2008	Difficult to choose	I must say that in Dubai I had probably the most problems ever to find a suitable hotel. What we were looking for is good price and good location. And on top of that, good reviews and opinions.And it seems difficult, to get that. There are heaps of hotels in Dubai. Many of them are upmarket and too expensive, and many of them are rather suspicious in one way or other.First of all, Dubai is not a very expensive city, and the price of the hotels, I think, is generally too high for the average prices of everything. Said that, problably many non-western travelers, who use to use this hotels in a business basis, get much better rates.Anyway, a part from the hotel being overpriced for what it was, was good enough. Clean small room and clean small bathroom. No breakfast. Very well located just next to the bus station to the airport, very close to the Deira souqs, de Creek, and in the middle of the activity, just at your doorstep.Another problem I found in Dubai is that is not clear where is the best area to stay. Deira? Bur Dubai? But after visiting both I still don't know, and however is just an abra ride away.I left the hotel with the sensation that I could have paid less for more or less the same in many other equally bland hotels. Still, and acceptable option.	
Feb 12 2008 	Does what it says on the tin	I found this hotel okay for the cost. I loved watching the action from my balcony, my room was fairly clean and comfortable, and I liked the location only a few minutes away from the gold souk and the creek. It is however a budget hotel. If all you need is a clean, quiet room after a days sightseeing and your aminly out and about it is fine. It is not a romantic type of place that would appeal to honeymooners, and it is not a resort type hotel. It was fine for me and I would happily stay there again.	
Feb 25 2006	You can find heaps better in Dubai	I didn't have high expectations luckily! On arrival, we had to leave our passports at reception which I did not feel comfortable about. The entry to the reception area was often cluttered with boxes, old carpet rolls etc so was not very welcoming or clean. Location wise, I thought the Pacific was good as it was right near the Gold Souq and very near to Dubai Creek. We had a hire car but there is no client parking and there is no pick up or drop off area to unload or reload luggage on arrival and departure . There is a multi story car park quite near - at a cost. The room itself was O.K and if all you want is somewhere to sleep &amp; freshen up then that's what you get, but the plumbing in the bathroom leaked, there was no bath mat, the hot water didn't work the rooms were quite unacceptably dirty (the balcony hadn't been cleaned for years!) and the street noise - beeping horns , cars, people etc was quite loud in the room. We were not issued with a receipt when we paid for our room. It was only a day or so later we realised the $50.00 US deposit we had paid had not been deducted from the amount owing, but when we went back, the manager insisted he had taken it into account and would do nothing about refunding our money. We found the day staff to be very rude and arrogant while the night staff were much better, but had no authority to do anything at all. Would I stay here again....I don't think so!! I booked on the internet after searcing the web for a day and being totally shocked at the price of accomodation in Dubai. I think you can shop around once you are there as there are hundreds of Hotels in the general area that aren't listed on the internet &amp; you can definitely get better deals!!!	
Dec 19 2005	Cant agree more!!	I had to laugh when I read the review from the 29th October 2004. Its seems that over a year later, they still haven't managed to clean up their act as my boyfriend and I experienced almost a carbon copy nightmare. We also booked through hostelworld after being somewhat taken aback at the price of accomodation in Dubai and being impressed with the claims Pacific made. This particular 'hotel' was charging US$80/night (the price was to rise to US$100) and the trouble began after landing in Dubai at 2am. Our first room was directly underneath an unbearably loud air-conditioning unit and I was happy when the staff offered to move us. Unfortunately, the next room offered was no better, so we chose the third, away from the noise. However, closer inspection of the room revealed cigarettes and a knife on the window sill, a broken toilet seat in the smelly, mould infested bathroom and best of all, pubic hairs on the bed sheets. The porter kindly changed them for us, but we still used our sleeping bags that night. With no double glazing on a busy main road, we didn't have the best nights sleep. Like the previous reviewer, we too had trouble cancelling our second nights accomodation the next morning. After waiting 30 minutes to speak to the manager, he kindly informed us that as we had slept there the previous night, we had no recourse for action, even though we arrived at about 3am and were too exhausted to go walking the streets of Dubai looking for alternate accomodation. The choice to go to a far superior, far more expensive hotel or stay there another night was easy. Neither of us could believe that we had recently stayed in cleaner, quieter camp sites in the developing Uganda, yet this place in wealthy Dubai was allowed to charge such ridiculous prices, let alone operate at all.You'll find a plethora of similarly priced, but far more comfortable accomodation in surrounding streets, so stear clear of the Pacific Hotel.	
Oct 29 2004	Stear clear of Pacific Hotel in Dubai!!!	Booking this hotel was the biggest mistake I made in a long time. If there's one thing I've learnt from this experience is that when you travel outside Europe/North America, you really should book a 4-5 star hotel because they are afordable and you do get your money's worth. I booked this hotel through www.hostelworld.com. The owner/manager of the Pacific Hotel is a well spoken, professional sounding bloke, I liked how he described the hotel and the picture of a room was nice. Nowhere does it state that it is a 2 star hotel, that it is in a grubby part of Dubai (and you have to go a long way to find grubby in Dubai), quite dangerous looking location too. When we arrived to the hotel at 2am, we were shocked to see how old, stinky, dirty and dusty the place looked, the room was awful, the bathroom even worse, the hotel staff were untrained and incapable of doing anything lest they asked the manager.We were so disgusted to see what we saw that we'd actually slept in the clothes we travelled in for 10 hours, it was so awful. So, we immediately booked another hotel (a 5 star one this time, not that much more expensive, but well worth it) and in the morning, we went down to the reception to cancel the further stay. To which the owner insisted we paid him for two nights (we were supposed to stay 5 nights, but stayed only one) because he had to turn people away because he was holding the room for us (as if!) and he insisted he kept my passport in the hotel (in order for me to get an entry visa into my bosnian passport, a private entity, i.e., the hotel where you made a booking, has to guarantee for me -all the hotels do this gladly, for a standard fee, depending on the type of the visa) which he would hand over to me on the day of my departure. Which was not ideal, but since I was in his country, I didn't know the customs or the laws of the country, I had to leave it there. Oh, and another thing, my friend and I were charged the tourist 30-day visa fee by the hotel whereas we received a transit 14-day visa which is cheaper (the guy had made some more money on us). I got my passport ok in the end, but I didn't really need that whole hassle.Apart from the fact that this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in (and I come from the Eastern part of Europe, I've seen bad hotels), when you travel to Dubai, you have to realize that Dubai is all about 5 star hotels. The life revolves around them.They are amazing. Works of art. They have shopping malls adjecent to them. Best bars and restaurants and clubs are in the 5-star hotels. They have access to the beach, outside swimming pools. We ended up paying 140EUR for a double room in a 5 star hotel with a private beach and an outdoors swimming pool (while this hole cost 50EUR per night) and I wouldn't have minded paying even more for what I got in the end and to have avoided the Pacific Hotel experience altogether. Fellow travellers, never come to the Pacific Hotel. Happy travels.	
