Nov 19 2009 	Dubai Festival City 5 Day Break	My wife and I traveled with another couple who stayed at the Inter Continental Hotel next door. As we shared the pool facilities it worked out fine. The Crowne Plaza is a smaller hotel and cheaper than it's larger neighbor but never the less it was still 1st rate.Particularly enjoyed the Belgium Beer bar located in our hotel, beer and food was great.It was our second time to Dubai and we preferred this to the Grand Hyatt where we stayed previously as we could walk to the restaurants located around the marina and shopping mall next door.Our room was a creek view, spotless and very comfortable bed. Staff we very helpfull and courteous. We would stay here again as we're not bothered about the beach and quite like being nearer to downtown Dubai.	
Nov 14 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff were wonderfuly friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is ideal for travellers only staying for a short stay and needing to be near the airport. A quick 10 minute taxi ride to the Hotel from the airport. One of the greatest activities to do in Dubai (If a short stay) is to book through the hotel, a driver to take you around Dubai and show you the sights. It cost us only $97aus /130 dhs for the 3 hr trip in an airconditioned Lexus sedan. A taxi is located outside the hotel at all times so don't worry about booking transfers.	
Nov 12 2009 	nice hotel but don't arrive in your own car	The hotel is very modern and rooms well furnished to a very high standard. Location was good (less than 10mins drive from the airport and right next to a shopping mall complex so a good choice of shopping and restaurants. There is even a large supermarket should you want your own things. The major problem I had was parking my rental car. I parked in the underground car park the first night (arriving at 1am) but the next day security refused to let me park it, they said it had to be valet parked. Discussions with the concierge and others got different answers depending on who you asked, or sometimes different answers from the same person 1 min later: you cannot park yourself. You can park yourself but must be on level P3. You must have a valet parking attendant drive you down to P3 but you can drive out yourself. You can park yourself but must leave the keys with the valet parking attendant.I have only had compulsory valet parking once before, at Hyatt in vancouver - because the then US president, Bill Clinton was staying at the same hotel. In dubai I certainly did not see any serving US presidents!! Worst time was being driven to P1 by the valet parking attendant, taking the keys to my room, then being called and told to get the car moved to P3. The following morning I asked for the keys,and was taken down to the valet parking office, keys were not there, they were back at the front desk!! Staff did not seem to realise that when I leave to work in the morning I want to go down, walk to the car and drive away. Waiting around even for 1min is not acceptable and I do not want any risk of a long wait due to sudden rush of people leaving for work in the morning. On check out my bill had a charge for internet, even through my corporate rate included it (and one night the system knew this and didn't charge, but another night it decided to charge me). They did take the charge off straight away, but check your bills !	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location great view	Imagine, you can from your bath look on the top of the highest building in the world...... or... taxi ride from airport takes only 10minutes.... and next to lobby you can find great &quot;Beer Pub&quot;. Fantastic hotel for business travelers, I comfirmed already my nexttime at this hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel average location	The hotel itself is great: from valet parking to swimming pool to nice big room and big bathroom, everything is A-OK. The location is a bit so-so when you're staying in Dubai for longer than an overnight stop, as it is not close to the main attractions. However (as said), the hotel itself is faultless.	
Oct 25 2009 	A good stay	We stayed 4 nights here just a week ago and it's fine- our deluxe room with creek view was everything we expected, comfortable, clean and well appointed. Breakfast choice was good and quality perfectly acceptable. We didn't have much interaction with the staff between checking in and leaving, but what we had was polite and helpful. In the midst of a lot of very positive reports, let me bring the following to the attention of potential first time visitors.When you walk into many of the better hotels in Dubai (including the other Crowne Plaza), they have well furnished lobbies or lobby bars where guests can relax and get a coffee or whatever. The bulk of the lobby here is completely bare. There is seating and there is a bar, but they are hidden away a bit and the overall feel of the public areas is bare not cosy and comfortable. It doesn't have the aura of a five star hotel.Festival City is a bit of a misnomer. There's two hotels, this one and the sister Intercontinental, and a large shopping centre, a small marina and a fairground. Thats it. The view across to the denser parts of the city is across a beige scrub . It is not in one of the better landscaped parts of town.You need to get a taxi everywhere, which is common in Dubai. Here you're reasonably handy for the airport, the Creek area, and not too far from Deira and the east end of Sheik Zayed Road . But if you intend to spend time at the beach, or Marina, or the major hotel complexes at Madinat/Jumeira Beach etc then you're in for a 25/30 minute £10 taxi ride. For the Palm and Marina call it 35/40 minutes and £14 The doormen try to make this a little worse by ushering you to a hotel limo, rather than the considerably cheaper town taxis which they keep hidden round the corner and don't allow to wait at the hotel for fares. However, ask and they'll get you a town taxi. I don't think this practice is remotely unique to this hotel btw.We enjoyed our stay but were wondering why in a city of newish, high quality hotels, this one is rated quite so highly on Tripadvisor. Then as we left, we were asked whether we were familiar with tripadvisor and solicited to place a comment on Tripadvisor as we'd had enjoyed our stay. Nothing wrong with that IMO but it does go some way to explaining why a new-ish and small-ish (by Dubai standards) gets such a lot of positive comments. So a decent hotel and pretty good service. Just maybe not quite at the top of the pile? I would recommend subject to the points made here.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great friendly service	We arrived at midnight and the hotel staff were all buzzing around, being really efficient and friendly. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble. Our room was neat and clean with all the facilities that one could wish for. Loved the location, which is close to the airport, as we had a really early departure on the day that we flew out. Would happily stay again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Can only recommend...	Enjoyed a great stay at Crowne Plaza - Festival City - business &amp; pleasure.... can only recommend... Lovely &amp; large rooms - Superb service - pool - gym - food etc.. Pure 5 star ! Close to shopping &amp; the Airport as well why this hotel is great for both business &amp; pleasure !...	
Oct 19 2009 	Super Hotel Great Service	Stayed here on a Business trip for 50% of my stay and leisure for the rest. The hotel is about 10 minutes from the airport and is about a 15 minute drive down to Jumeirah Beach so if your going to be going down there every night then might be a better bet to stay down there, if the taxi drive doesn't bother you then your fine.The hotel itself is great and the service is second to none! The hotel has a lovely pool area which is shared with the Intercontinental sister hotel next door, great service and food around the pool with staff more then happy to help you out.The rooms are lovely decorated and cleaned twice daily.The hotel has a great pub that servers great Belgium beer and is surprisingly busy for a hotel pub with a nice atmosphere. Overall Super Hotel	
Oct 17 2009	A small but beautiful	I stayed 5 nights Excellent services and friendly staff Breakfast was good	
Oct 7 2009 	New Clean and Non Smoking	Having just return from our trip to the UK we chose to have a 4 day /3 night stopover in Dubai. Having never been their before and unsure, we turned to TripAdvisor for advice. Following extensive reviews of fellows guests, we selected the Crowne Plaza Festival City-and we were not disappointed. Although we stayed in an executive high floor room with a creek view, it was everything one should expect from this chain and more. It is totally non-smoking, the first I believe and the rooms were a treat as a result. From the early check in at 6.30 am, to the assistance with our activities including the hotels own taxi to the airport all was great. Special mention mention must go to the pool/gym/spa team, they keep this place a treat. This is a relative a new hotel and it is being maintained at that level. The proximity to Airport, Festival City Waterfront (which is still under construction) it's shopping and cheap eats, plus the facilities of it's sister hotel the Intercontinental creates a package that is hard to beat at the price. With the opening of Dubai's soon to be completed monorail it will only enhance it's position. The hop on hop off bus comes to the door and so much more. My wife would not let me complete this review without a mention of the fabulous breakfast we enjoyed each morning (part of the package and highly recommended). Not only do we intent to stay their on our return trip to Europe in April, I would recommend the place without hesitation. As with anything in life nothing is perfect. They have in the joint a great pub called the Belgium Bar great beer's, great food but it is a SMOKING PUB in a non-smoking hotel-go figure. Coming from Australia where the pub's are now non smoking I question this, only to be told that the non smoking area was upstairs -dose not smoke rise? Additionally on check in we were offered an upgrade to a suite at an additional price (we declined) on check out I over heard some new arrival's being offered the same deal, so don't expect a free upgrade. I have not included photo's are their is already enough.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Festival City Highly recommended :) !!	From arrival to departure I could not fault the service received from the staff at the Crowne Plaza.On arrival we proceeded to check in and the receptionist took us directly to our room and finalised the paperwork and check in there, whilst pointing out all the facilties available to us from this hotel. Our bags joined us in the room very shortly afterwards.The room was very modern and clean, with a great bathroom glass feature. From the bath you could listen and see the TV through the feature window (see photos). Alternatively you could have privacy with the electronic privacy blinds.We found every little detail had been thought of and nothing was too much hassle. The Breakfast Buffet was nice with a wide selection of Middle Eastern and well as western foods. Chefs were on hand to cook omletes or variety of eggs. They were very helpful and brought the hot food directly to you seat.The pool area was very relaxing. Although the pool attached to the Crowne Plaza is quite small, you have full access to the facilities of the ajoining Inter-Continental hotel which are brilliant. A walkway between the hotels take you to Festival City Shopping Centre. This is ideal as everywhere is air conditioned, given the high temperatures outside. From Festival City you can take the Big Bus Tour, which allow appears a little pricey at around £40 per person, is well worth a full day. There are two lines which take a full day to tour, and include a river boat ride in downtown Dubai. After the trip I realised that it was good value given the distance we explored around Dubai.The hotel is in an ideal location for the airport. A taxi ride only takes a maximum of 10 minutes, making the hotel a perfect choice for a short stay in Dubai.Highly recommended to anyone. Booking in advance can produce some good deals!	
Sep 13 2009 	Excellent place for a stopover - and maybe also a longer stay....	Stayed there twice for one night each to be able to sleep during two rather long stopovers at Dubai airport.The hotel is relatively close to the airport and thus very comfortable, they also offer their own shuttle for going to the airport which is somewhat cheaper than a taxi.Rooms and bathrooms are modern, stylish and practical, service staff is very friendly and efficient.The breakfast buffet has a large variety of choices. However - just to mention a tiny point of critizism - if you prefer only to eat a very light breakfast and thus wish to order à la carte, you would do better go order this to the room. In the restaurant, many of the smaller choices are not available and the à la carte breakfast menu is rather restricted.	
Sep 5 2009 	Most amazing experience ever!!!!	Travelling with 3 young children is never easy but the staff at this hotel made it a dream! The service was excellent. Nothing was ever too much trouble, they made you feel important and were always polite and friendly. The free icecream and pizza for the children at any time was a great hit! The pool area was fabulous with stunning views over Dubai Creek. As the sister hotel the Intercontinental is next door you can share their pools too, so there is always something to do! The pool attendants were great, always there with fresh towels, a drink or just standing back watching that everyone was safe! Just a short but beautiful air conditioned walk to Festival City which has every shop you can imagine in it!! There is also a very pretty manmade canal to explore of an evening. The only draw back to this Hotel is that they were closing the pool for Ramadan which was a problem! Everything else made a perfect stay! Would have loved to have stayed a little longer!	
Aug 29 2009 	Great hotel for a short stay	Me and my husband stayed at the hotel for 3 nights as a stopover for the start of our honeymoon. Previously when we've been to Dubai we have stayed at a beach location. However as time was not on our side this time so we opted for a hotel in a location that was easy to access from the airport etc...First impressions of the hotel were very good, it took just over 10 minutes from the airport ideal for a short stay. The hotel has a Belgium bar attached which was quiet week nights but very busy on Thursday night. It was a 5 minute taxi ride to Le Meridien hotel which has about 16 restaurants one being Yalumba famous for the Dubai brunches on Friday afternoons. It was also only 5 minutes taxi from The Irish Village which was also very good.The pool area was very nice and clean it linked up the the Inter Continental Hotel so both pool areas could be used. Pool snacks are served in the Inter Continental area as the Crowne Plaza tried to persuade guests to opt for the buffet lunch. The pool area has views of the Dubai Tower on a clear day.Room service was okay, we had paid for breakfast as part of our hotel package however when we phoned for our breakfast to be sent to the room they told us we would have to pay extra by paying for breakfast again. After many complaints the breakfast finally arrived in our room which was very good.All in all it was a good location and a 2 minute walk to the shopping mall in Festival City which was extremely quiet compared to the huge Dubai Mall. The Dubai Mall and Fountain are just a 20 minute taxi ride away and well worth a visit. I would stay in the hotel again although I did miss the beach!	
Aug 28 2009 	Nice Hotel	I reviewed this hotel after a one night stay for an overnight layover. I had a very good experience. Based on that stay, I decided to stay here for a week on my trip to Dubai for business.I still liked the hotel but after a six night stay I have some additional observations. I still liked the modern, clean and comfortable hotel rooms. The ipod docking station was a nice feature.My coworker stayed at the adjoining Intercontinental and I would stay there the next time. His room was equally as nice but his rate was slightly lower than mine. The included breakfast at the IC was far and away superior. The CP breakfast had a very limited selection where the IC has an almost unlimited selection of choices from a fresh juice bar where you select the fruit mixture, to a deli bar where they shave meat fresh to standard Asian, European, Middle Eastern and American breakfast fare including pork bacon.With my longer stay, I had a chance to use the amenities more extensively. The pools are very nice. I preferred the CP pool because it had lap lanes. However, the pools had lots of unsupervised children both in the pool and around the pool. Most of the time, the staff looked the other way. Almost ever visit to the pool, there were groups of children who would jump in the hot tubs then run across the pool area and recklessly jump in the pool, get out and return to the hot tub and repeat over and over. Children regularly played in the lap lanes rather than the rest of the pool. I felt the staff should have been more aggressive in keeping the lap lanes clear for lap swimmers and minimizing the dangerous horseplay. Instead my coworker and I had several minor collisions with children and many more near misses. The pool was plenty big for everyone but there was no control by most of the the staff and no parents present.Another issue occurred in the fitness centers. The fitness centers look very clean. However, each time I visited, I used one of the floor mats. When I was finished, I asked the staff for something to clean it and each time, they said just leave it and they would clean it. I watched through the window as the staff member just folded the mat and put it back on the pile. No cleaning. That is just unacceptable. At least put out a spray bottle of cleaner for the guest to clean it themselves.Overall, the hotel is still very nice but based on these things, I have to dropped my rating some.	
Aug 27 2009 	Best Hotel for what you pay for	This is a true 5 star hotel. I've stayed in many so called &quot;5-star&quot; hotels which fail to reach the mark. This however is terrific; service is impeccable from the check-in and all throughout our stay. We were there for 4 nights and celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary there. They even put out champagne and strawberries and covered the bed in rose petals much to our suprise. It's great that it's connected to Festival City shopping mall, where easy access to shops, cinemas, food hall etc is very convenient.I can strongly recommend this hotel for short-long term stays, you get much MORE than what you pay for.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel	e Plazza from 10th August for 10 nights on my honeymoon. The hotel was great, and the staff were fantastic – always friendly and attentive.The hotel is close to the airport, cost us 50dh from the airport (as the taxi’s start at 25dh from the airport), but going home only cost us 30dh in a private taxi.We arrived at the hotel at 12.30am on Sunday morning, check in was simple and the staff had arranged for flowers and a cake in our room which was really sweet.The rooms are fairly spacious, with a large comfy bed, 2seater sofa, desk and also have a good sized fridge / mini bar. The bathroom is great, with a huge bath, and 2 showers (one overhead and one on the wall, which is great for showering and not getting your hair wet). There was also a hairdryer, although it’s not that powerful and the nozzle kept falling off. The room also has a small kettle with plenty of tea and coffee to choose from. They also include two complementary bottles of water in the room, which are replenished each day. There is also internet access in the room and wifi in the lobby.Breakfast for us was a little expensive 110dh each, however this was a buffet style so you could definitely get your monies worth. But if you were only after a drink and pastry – it was a little pricey. We did order room service one morning and ordered the American Breakfast, which I think was 90dh. It included yogurt, pastries, cereal, full English, juice and tea. We shared this between 2 and still had food left over. Food and drink in the hotel, and in the rest of Dubai is pretty expensive. Beer was between 30-40dh and juices and pop were between 16-22dh.We only ate in the Belgium beer café, but food was gorgeous, would definitely recommend the steak night. Although we didn’t go, the Brazilian BBQ in one of the other restaurants was also talked about a lot. The hotel seemed fairly quite while we were there – as August is the hottest time so most people avoid it. It was usually 40+ which was pretty unbearable when trying to walk anywhere. We did spend 5 days just sunbathing (mostly to try and not have to spend any money), but it was possible to sunbathe if you spent 30 minutes lying and then 30 minutes in the pool. Lots of pools to choose from, although one was kept cold, so I was permanently in there.View from the room would have been amazing if it wasn’t so hazy (time of year) – we stayed in room 846 and looked directly at the tower. We were only on floor 8 and there are 19+ floors, so imagine higher would be even more spectacular. However some rooms do look into the city – so try and get a creek view (not sure if you can pre-book?).There is a large shopping mall attached to the hotel – which you can walk to without going outside. There is a good selection of shops and a great food mall with loads to choose from. There is also a hypermarket which I would recommend visiting as we stocked up and pop and snacks as they were dirt cheap in here. The only thing that I think the hotel could improve on is the décor of the rooms. We prefer something a little more boutique, and this hotel felt more corporate. But from a hotel this size I don’t suppose they can make each room individual.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great hotel and location	We decided to spend a couple of nights here before heading off for a restful stay at a beach hotel as the location was perfect for all of the shopping. We used Priority points to buy the room and the food, which turned out to be excellent value.The hotel location is great, close the the airport, but you can't hear it, great mall attached, the top level for eating had just about everything you could possibly want and the atmosphere there late at night was great. The room was spacious even with a 3rd bed for a child. The glass wall between the bathroom and the room was interesting!Breakfast was plentiful and catered for everyone. We ate in the buffet restaurant at night which was expensive if you were paying. Equated to £150 for 3 meals and 3 soft drinks. However the food was excellent and the staff very attentive. The steak especially was good and beautifully presented. The pool and gardens were nice, my son loved the glass bottomed part of the pool that overhung over the pavement below, he could watch everyone walking below. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2009 	GREAT HOLIDAY	very good hotel which is linked to a nice shopping mall.the only problem was that it was too hot and it was difficult to be at the pool during the day. The view from the creek side room was blurred as we could not discern the burg dubai during the whole week of our stay. one thing that I would recommend is to find out with certainty as to wether there really exist a policy of early check in as we were made to pay for the night though we arrived at the hotel at 7am.	
Aug 5 2009 	Crowne Plaza dubai Festival City is "top"	We were at the hotel for a 4-day trip to dubai and especially for shopping. We received more than expected regarding allround service , room and friendlyness of the staff. The greatest advantage for shoppers is the nearby shopping mall but also the other malls of dubai are reachable in short time by taxi. The taxidrivers are very friendly, helpful und correct with taximeter. We came from Cairo where we work and live and we found the paradise in cleanlyness,organization and service in this hotel. At our next stay in Dubai the Crowne Plaza Dubai Festival City Hotel will be our Hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	A Hotel to Enhance Your Holiday!	What a great hotel and superb experience. I don't think too much about Dubai so I think to get the most out of it you really need to book into a nice hotel and this one is a cracker.Linked to the Inntercontinental Hotel and a huge shopping mall you really don't have to leave the building. The pool, gym, bar etc were all excellent and the hotel had a constant buzz about it. The rooms were large, modern and everything you needed. Wifi is free in the hotel lobby and pretty much everything you need is there for you.A good hotel for platinum members as the upgrade is automatic.You will not be disappointed if you book this hotel.	
Aug 2 2009 	Perfect for stop-over in Dubai	We used this hotel on 2 occasions as a stopover en-route to NZ from UK. Both times we were able to check in at 7am as our flights arrived in Dubai really early. This wasn't a problem for the reception, and we really appreciated it as we were travelling with a 6 month old. The pools were fine, if a bit on the small side for Dubai, bit the hotel was lovely. The only criticism was the fire alarm which went off on Friday evening with no explanation as to what had happened - we had to evacuate with our baby down the back stairs to the pool where no-one knew what was happening - people were still playing in the pool and had no idea. Apparently there was no 'real fire' but who knows? I would suggest asking for a room on the Dubai Creek side, much better view. Hotel lexus transfer to the airport is only 30 dhrms, which is cheaper than a taxi. Festival City shops were impressive, but apparently there are better malls in Dubai if thats your thing. overall, great hotel for a great rate (off their website). Will def be back on the next trip down under.	
Jul 31 2009 	Fantastic hotel with fantastic staff	We have just returned from 13 nights at the Crowne Plaza Festival City. This was our third visit to Dubai but our first stay at this great hotel. Our check in time was 2pm but due to our flight timings we arrived at the hotel at 10am but this was not a problem and within 20 mins of arriving we were in our room. My party was my wife my 12 year old daughter and myself, the guys arrives with a fold down bed for my daughter which made to room seem a bit smaller, with hindsight I should have booked a larger room, but this was not a major problem. The staff in this hotel were fantastic and always went an extra mile to make sure that nothing was a problem. From the guys who looked after the room and were happy to supply extra bottles of water when needed and the lifeguards at the pool who handed out cold towels and slices of pineapple. The hotel is attached by a walkway to the Intercontinental Hotel and the Festival City shopping plaza with over 100 shops and eating places. There is even a Panda Supermarket for any holiday extras you forgot to pack. A surprise for us on our first day was an invitation to the manager’s cocktail reception the next night in the Belgian Beer Cafe with free food and drink plus a chat with the senior staff from the two hotels. Our stay was fantastic and we will be back as the staff are brilliant and know how to look after their guests from the front desk staff to the girls in the coffee bar to the room cleaners and the security staff who always had the time to say hello.	
Jul 30 2009 	Mixed experience...	Our booking was with Virgin Holidays-which was pretty striaghtfoward-thats until a query came up, I must have called up 15 times and gone through various departments but my query was not resolved untill I emailed the Hotel myself!!The Hotel was nice and clean,most of the staff were very friendly and always helpful.We were told to pay a deposit at check in-which was not mentioned before :(On our last night day,I stupidly forget one my shopping bags in the taxi.I spoke to one gentlemen at reception who by the way never looked happy to be there!As a panicked shopper who lost my beautiful abaya that I had purchased-I was given little sympathy from him-I was told by other staff members that the Hotel could contact the taxi firm-I understood that it was a long shot,but this particular gentlemen was very dismissive and not very helpful.However the Head of Security spoke to me and was going to check the cameras too see if he could get a reg number for the taxi!!! which was very kind of him, unlike his collegue.Other than that the breakfast buffet was lovely,we chose to eat at the in house restaurant Zaytoun which was nothing special-average really.Overall I would say it was neither a great experiance or negative one !	
Jul 25 2009 	Not Family Friendly	Booked and prepaid for 5 nights, a so called Advance breakfast rate.There was no breakfast option for my daughter, even after paying the breakfast rate before travelling. Wanted another extra 120dh per night for additional bed + deposit of 1000dhs by credit card which I simply refused, have stayed in crown plaza Geneva etc. and this was the first time I have experienced a shoddy service from Front Office.I simply think they don’t know who their customers are.On the positive side close to the Airport and shopping Malls, and inter connected to a shopping centre with shops and plenty of eating options.Room service was very good and runs an efficient restaurant with plenty of staff.Used the Internet at the Business centre, but excessive pricing for users about £6 per half hour.Pool, Gym Sauna all ok.This is not a Family friendly Hotel, good for business travellers.If you are travelling with family my advice is to shop around, or if you are a priority Club member better to phone and get some information before you book from the hotel Group, that will put you at ease when you arrive	
Jul 17 2009 	Just beautiful	Our stay in this hotel was first class. The management and staff at every level are superb and delightful. Our executive suite was luxurious and extremely comfortable with amazing views over the creek. It was serviced impeccably and discreetly.The food was excellent and the Belgian Bar was great. We enjoyed being next door to the Intercontintal hotel with all its facilities, and also the shopping mall with plenty more restaurant choices. Also loved the comfortable beds and pillows, balms, chocolates etc. Not forgetting the cool face flannels offered whilst around the pool deck, and fresh fruit.A great place to stay in away from the beach.	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice convenient hotel	We stayed at the crowne plaza festival city for 5 days last week. After choosing this hotel through lots of research and reading reviews on trip advisor, we pretty much knew what to expect here. Location: Its about 15 mins frm the airport and about the same to Dubai Mall. U need a taxi to go about and they are quite easy to find. With the festival city mall attached, you have a pretty nice extension you can walk about, grab a snack, watch a movie. The downside is, this hotel is quite far from the bustling sh zayed road. Rooms: We stayed in a city view superior room and being the cheapest in the category, was still very spacious. The clear glass screen between the bedroom and bathroom was great for my 2yr old playing in the bathtub and watching TV, not to mention we not having to worry about her playing in the water. The decor is contemporary but could be better.Food: Buffet breakfast is quite nice but food otherwise is the biggest negative this hotel has. We ate at the room only a few times and they were all bad experiences. Please dont try their pizza!!!Staff: Staff were very pleasant and anthing you need is not too difficult for them. They are well trained and extremely courteous.Activities: With our 2 yr old there wasnt much we could do but sit at the pool. The intercontinental is attached so you can use the pools of either hotel. It was quite child frendly and we had a great time whenever we went for a swim.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fabulous!	The Crowne Plaza Hotel @ Festival City was quite lovely and the customer service was impeccable. We only stayed there for one night but if we ever return to Dubai we will stay there again. We had the King mini suite and the room and bath were gorgeous and the view was fabulous. The hotel is approximately a 15-20 minute ride from the airport and less than $10 (USD) taxi ride. I would not stay at the Crowne Plaza in old Dubai – old Dubai is seedy (we tried to stroll the gold market but the aggressive shop owners made the experience unbearable). The malls is Dubai are outstanding – but no more so than the upscale malls in the US. The mall connected to the Crowne Plaza is nice but again no more so than shopping in Manhattan or Beverly Hills.Note: I highly recommend that the first thing you do is take the SuperBus city tour (a double decker bus). It has two routes; stops at all the tourist locations and the best thing is you can get off at one of the stops and catch a later bus. They run every 30 minutes. It's a great way to see the &quot;lay of the land&quot; and is more economical than taxi or renting a car.	
Jul 4 2009 	Worst experience in 20 years of travel.	The hotel customer service needs major improvements. I haven't had such a terrible hotel experience in my 20 years of travel. I come to Dubai at least 4 times out of the year due to business and always enjoy myself. Since I had heard such great things about the Dubai festival city area I decided to give it a try. And I must admit the area was quite nice and convenient for shopping, entertainment and eating out. The Crowne Plaza on the other hand was just awful. I booked my room online and prepaid for the best rate. When I arrived at the hotel to check in they took a deposit for double the amount without making me aware of it. Making my way to my room I found that I did not a city-view as requested, but a view of a highway and the other side of the hotel. The setup of the room was nice. And I thought the bathroom was impressive until I found out the water pressure was weak and there was no hot water. Internet was about $10 a day and it did not work one day of my three days there. We calls on the issues several times with no reply. Although they did send someone up to the room at 1am to fix the Internet which I thought was quite rude. We did take advantage of room service and the bar/restaurant down stairs and found the food to be lacking in flavor. When the day came to check out I was so relieved. Upon checking out we found out I was being charged for a call my friend made from an AT&amp;T toll free phone card. I was asked why and was told it was because she used 1-888 &amp; it is not toll free only 1-800 is toll free. After having a conversation about different US toll free numbers for about a hour with the assistant mgr and the hotel mgr we paid the 300us dollars for one phone call and decided to follow up on the issue later. And I have to say the hotel manager attitude was concerning. He made no attempt to research the situation or offer any other alternatives. He just kept telling us the 1888 is not a toll free number and we should have used 1800 instead. It was really sad to see a hotel in such a great location have such terrible customer service. But after meeting the manager of the hotel it all made sense. So if you want to stay in the Dubai festival plaza area &amp; enjoy it...please stay somewhere else.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent place	What an excellent place to stay in Dubai! Luxury in every sense with a corridor to a major shopping centre next door!!Dowstairs bar is great craic with expats from all around dubai and of course those staying in the hotel.Pool and sun bathing areas are beautiful and the staff are excellent.I cannot fault this place.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great for a long layover	We had the chance to have a 24 hour layover in Dubai. This hotel is close to the airport and offered us a hotel-owned van with driver to tour the city. The cost was only about $30/hour which is less than most tour buses. We put 4 adults in the back and got to every spot we wanted to see in 4 hours. The hotel is very modern and clean, and the staff is incredible. We were provided a room even though we arrived at 9am. It is the least expensive 5 star I have ever stayed at. Incredible value!	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent value and 5-star facilities in a 4-star brand hotel.	Stayed 2 nights and was very impressed. Got good rate through lastminute.com (USD 111 per night, including tax and service, standard room only, no breakfast). The hotel is large, new and part of the large Festival City development of offices, a large shopping mall, artificial canal, and two hotels (this one and the adjacent InterContinental). Festival City is surrounded by new roads and, well, nothing much else. But clean, modern, metered and cheap taxis are easily available and it was very easy to get and from the hotel and either the beach areas or the older areas of Dubai.The standard room was fantastic. Spacious, especially the bathroom, and with all the facilities one would get in a far more costly 5-star hotel in Europe or the USA. Everything was clean and in working order. The only complaint was that my room was not serviced one day, even by 4:30pm, and the customer service officer was not especially helpful in fixing this.I'm not sure that it is advertised in the rooms, but free wireless internet access is available in the lobby and other public areas, but is chargeable in the bedrooms. I noticed that most malls seem to have free access also.Guests at the Crowne Plaza can share the pool and gym facilities with the adjacent InterContinental. This effectively means that you can pay for 4-star accommodation and use a 5-star hotel's facilities. That said, the pools of the two hotels are quite similar in size and layout, so there's not much benefit in moving across to the InterCon. One one other afternoons, at about 4-5pm, the sun beds and bea bags on the grass were almost all in use at both hotels. That surprised me - but the staff were helpful to find at a spare bed for me.For a nice sunset view across to the sea - with Burj Dubai looming on the horizon - head up to the 28th floor bar at the InterContinental for a drink (and free canapes). I found that more pleasant than the dank and very smokey Belgian bar at the Crowne Plaza.	
Jun 19 2009 	The cheapest 5 star "treatment" ever	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights. We had a real 5 star treatment from the beginning to check out. The staff asked us to sit down in the lobby and took our passports for checking in which took no more than 2 minutes. rooms and service were great. All these great things just for 390 AED (special offer/advence payment/non refundable)	
Jun 18 2009 	The Pearl turns into a Diamond	Since there has been a major crisis around the world we decided take some additional time off to get away from the stress of the worlds downward spiraling news of every day, we decided to come back to this hotel because of their amazing prices in this crisis we paid this time nearly half the price we paid from last time and I can tell you the quality has not changed it just gets better and cheaper for all.We would like to say though the staff at this hotel and especially from front desk to the valet parking and room service and also the Anise Restaurant in the connecting Intercontinental are 100% how well mannered, informative they always are, Congratulations you have pulled of again our 8 nights were great!!! we will be back to try out the new golf course next time for sure!	
Jun 16 2009 	SUPERB HOTEL AND AMAZING SERVICE	This being our first trip to Dubai we didn't want to stay on the beach and we were advised by friends to try the creek. As previously noted this is in a new area of the creek a few kilometres from where the older hotels are. However, this is no problem at all, the 6 lane each way American freeways allow access accross the city easily whether as we did you have a car or take a taxi (which are very inexpensive). We drove to the Emerates Towers and were sat in the Bar on the 51st floor 10 mins after receiving our vehicle form the awesome valet guys at the Hotel. Our car was a battered old Lancer with 70,000k on the clock, but the valet guys parked it with the same graciousness as the Ferrari in front of me or the hummer behind me.It was a celebration of my partner's 40th year and we got given a great upgrade to the second top floor. The views over the city are much better than the overated view from the Emirates Towers 51st floor.There is a mall next to the 2 hotels here, so you can eat inexpensively there. We had a chinese for 2 for 5 quid a head - can't have alcohol with any of the restaurants though, only in the hotel.Breakfast is excellent in the Hotel and the staff are amazing, nothing being too much trouble to finding a location or making restaurant reservations. Being right on the business bridge it ws a perfect location choice to choose either head towards Deira or the beach. I cannot have anything but the highest praise for the staff of the Hotel and will stay there or at the sister hotel the Intercontinental next time in Dubai	
Jun 11 2009 	A very nice new hotel with good service location a minor drawback	Having stayed on Jeremiah Beach previously we wanted to get a different viewpoint of Dubai and plumped for this hotel. Couldn’t fault the place other than location to be honest.Check in: we arrived at 05:20 in the morning after the Emirates overnight flight from Hong Kong, thinking we would have a problem getting room access but it was no issue at all, in fact check in was a breeze. Room: we had a Creek View room, which had good views and a nice panoramic outlook of the city. Very modern rooms with lots of dark wood, bathroom had a floor to ceiling glass panel so you could still glimpse the view whilst taking a shower, which was cool.Food: only ate breakfast there, which was extremely good with incredible choice. Pool area: very nice overlooking the Creek with a choice of pools and jacuzzis. Nice layout, comfy beds, and outdoor sofas etc.The hotel inter-connected with its premium brand Intercontinental next door so you have carte blanche access to the facilities there, which was handy. In addition Festival City itself was on your doorstep albeit the area was far too commercial for us with Ikea close by! Overall, however the only drawback for me was the location. Whilst taxis are cheap, it took us over 40 minutes to get to the One and Only Royal Mirage for dinner, so whilst the Crowne Plaza was a very good complex it was simply too far away from the other attractions in Dubai for us. As such next time we will stay closer to or on Jeremiah Beach although the monorail is close to completion which should link parts of the city very well and get over the traffic problem there.	
Jun 8 2009 	A fantastic hotel	Located about ten minutes from the airport, it has everything you could want in a hotel. The rooms are large and well appointed (e.g., desk with good lighting, DVD player, an alarm clock which also functions as a speaker for your MP3 player). The sound-proofing between rooms was also good - the only noise I heard was the occasional door shutting. The food at the hotel is really nice but should you want to dine somewhere else there are restaurants at the Intercontinental Hotel next door or the Festival City mall - both of which can be accessed without having to go outside.	
May 31 2009 	Deserving of it's 5 stars	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Festival City late in November 2008, the hotel I believed opened in March of the same year. I was offered a creek facing room at extra cost but, chose to stay with my superior room on the 16th floor. I could have been the only person on that floor for all I know! Festival City is a work in progress so the view from my room was a bit 'spartan' - dirt and new high rise, new motorways etc. I didn't spend too much time in my room but, the rooms are spacious and very well appointed with little touches to detail you wouldn't find in too many other hotels such as a privacy screen in the bathroom, body fat scales, Floris toiletries, ionic hairdryers (if hair is your thing!) and the most comfortable bed &amp; pillows imaginable, even the magazines on the coffee table were changed on the second day of my stay. Extremely helpful front office staff (Chris) and connection to the Intercontinental Hotel and Marina Mall with numerous shops and eateries to explore. I spent a few hours in the Belgian Bar, a very popular spot with a great view over the creek but, can get a bit 'smokey' inside, outdoor seating is available though and you can get snacks (light meals) there.	
May 29 2009 	5 star hotel with 5 star customer service.	We booked 4 nights from 20 May 09 after researching lots of hotels using tripadvisor. All the reviews are accurate as this is a fabulous hotel in a convenient quite location. We will return &amp; can highly recommend upgrading to a room with creek view. Breakfast is excellent as was my complementary birthday cake.	
May 20 2009 	Good value with nice touches	Hotel checked us in at 6am with no extra charge and gave us cold towels and mwelon pool side.Only 10 minutes from airport so good for a short stopover.	
May 20 2009 	CHEAPEST FIVE STAR HOTEL IN DUBAI	Just spent 5 days there staying with my family including a one-year baby. Service is excellent, especially the check-in. Couldnt fault the hotel on many points. Location is excellent (especially in the summer when walking outside is impossible). 5 minute walk in airconditioned comfort to the next door shopping mall with plenty of restaurants.Rooms were large enough to comfortably fit 2 adults, a child and a baby. Views of the creek from the rooms were nice.Breakfast in the Zeytoun restaurant was adequate although weekends can get a little rushed (Friday &amp; Saturday). Would recommend a stop in the Belgium Beer Cafe just past the reception in the lobby. Good beer and good mussels. Even if you dont stay in the hotel it is worth a look.Check out was surprisingly efficient. I say this because I have stayed at many hotels in Dubai and can get difficult to sort out which parts of a bill need separating between personal and company expenses however the lady at reception (Mee Mee) did an excellent job.Would definitely stay again.	
May 19 2009 	Wonderful hotel but too far from the Beach!	After returning from a Fam trip where we stayed at the Crown Plaza Festival City. Even though it was really far out from the main areas such as the beach, the hotel offered a good base for those who may be travelling on a business basis &amp; it's also minutes from the airport.The rooms were fantastic, after sharing a room to myself i was very spoilt with the large King Size bed, sofa overlooking the creek, there was a TV with acces to channels, games &amp; the internet. Minibar had extorinate prices, as do most hotels in Dubai. A writing table with connections to plug into laptops etc. Beds were turned down every day with chocolates left for you.Bathrooms were amazing, a big glass window seperated you from the bedroom, with a blind to put down if you were slightly worried. However it is quite amazing that you can go to the toilet and be staring at the largest/tallest buiding in the world (Bur Dubai)There was a great selection at breakfast, from continental, traditional arabic &amp; full english along with fruits, breads etc. The pool area was lovely. Beanbags are put out on the grassy area. Whilst we were sat round the pool we were brought fresh fruit &amp; wet towels to cool down with. There's two small pools, a large pool &amp; a jacuzzi bath which over looks the Creek, an amazing sight. The service was impeccable! Would definitley reccommend. The hotel was linked to the Intercontinental so you could use one anothers facilities. Also the Festival City was attached aswell, a shopping mall &amp; entertainment venue.Overall would reccommend this hotel however at least 30 minutes from the beaches.	
May 7 2009 	Beautiful hotel excellent location pity manager cheated us out of breakfast.	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights between the 27 April to 2nd May 2009, booked through Priority club using reward points for some of the nights. We loved the location, on the bank of the Dubai Creek. The hotel is only 10 minutes from the airport which is an added advantage. The pool setting was absolutely wonderful and very restful, beautiful view of the creek. Loved the outdoor Jacuzzi, the indoor sauna and steam room and the fully equipped gym, all of which were maintained very well and were spotlessly clean. The staff at check in were friendly and welcoming and were able to accommodate us for an early check in. The concierge staff were helpful and always went the extra mile to assist us. The hotels proximity to the Festival City Mall was convenient, we were able to walk to the centre, the outdoor walkway between the mall and the hotel is fantastic for strolling at night. Festival City is one of the nicer Malls in Dubai, with a wonderful array of shops, restaurants and fast food. Our room was spacious and hi-tec, with very comfortable beds, loved the pillow menu. Breakfast was ok, not up to 5 star standard and the staff seemed easily flustered during busy times. Overall we had a wonderful stay the only sore point being a mix up with priority club and the hotel as to which nights were reward nights, when priority club cleared up the mistake we were left with breakfast for the last morning that we had paid for, however the Manager, refused to budge and did not allow us to claim our breakfast at the hotel on the last morning, this left a very sour note to a truly wonderful stay at the hotel.	
May 2 2009 	actually a city by itself !	Immaculate rooms, decor and fully non smoking. A little awkwardly shaped lobby lounge. Breakfast is great but expensive. Huge options just walk across to the connected Intercontinental and you will get tired with the options. Step ahead , you will hit the festival city .. zillions of eating options .. Despite such a large setup, service was very personal and efficient and food across all the restaurants superb.You will love the views from the room, amazing!Wish it was priced better!	
Apr 29 2009 	Fabulous	Hotel located next to Intercontinental this is a developing area of Dubai approx 12 mins from the financial area. Smaller than the Intercontinental with a personal touch but all the facilities of next door neighbour. The bedrooms certainly have the Wow factor and are of a generous size.	
Apr 27 2009 	Fabulous Crowne Plaza Festival City - superb hotel !	We stayed at this hotel in April for 7 days travelling with ‘Thomas Cook Signature’ with Emirates on our return from Mauritius. We were very disappointed with the Emirates flight from Mauritius. Drinks were complimentary however the service and food was very poor. On arrival in Dubai, it was a very long walk to get to the arrivals and passport control. Eventually we were greeted by a Thomas Cook rep who took us directly to our pre booked taxi - the transfer to the hotel took about 10 minutes at most. The airport is immaculate, clean and magnificent!  We were immediately greeted by porters when we arrived at the hotel who took our cases &amp; bags directly to the room. We were given a Creek view room on the 7th floor and I have to say when we went into the room, I had to say WOW ! The room was superb! Massive double bed with pillow menu soft cotton sheets and comfy duvet- the reading lights around the bed were ‘touch’ sensitive.Plenty of bedside drawer space, an electric Ipod docking station with radio/clock. There were speakers even in the bathroom for the Tv and radio.  There was a large office desk with leather swivel chair, internet access included, fully stocked minibar with everything imaginable, the drawers at the side included whisky glasses and wine goblets sitting on crisp linen serviettes. There was kettle with coffee, all types of teas imaginable, milk and sugar, 2 bottles of complimentary water, which was replenished daily. Large flat screen TV which was hinged so you could position it any way you wanted, complimentary large bottle of red wine for my birthday, fresh strawberries and cream, and chocolate truffles!In the bathroom was a bidet, wc, huge bath with a huge rain shower over. There was a huge window next to the bath with an electric venetian blind so if you would rather not look over the City of Dubai whilst showering or using the toilet, you can have some privacy !! Everywhere is marble/ frosted glass in the bathroom also a pair of electronic scales – great if you want to see how much weight you’ ve put on holiday ! A nice touch is the electronic do not disturb facility which is a switch inside the room and you either press the green maid or red no entry sign and a light comes on out side your room in a panel so the staff know when to access or clean your room.There was an electronic safe inside the wardrobe - free of charge – again extra large storage space, iron and ironing board. Absolutely superb room. We decided to upgrade to half board before we travelled and I’m relieved we did, as the poor exchange rate meant that the evening meal at the hotel was around £40 if you booked direct.The restaurant however was lovely the service was excellent, the staff superb always very pleasant and welcoming and serving you quickly and professionally.Breakfast consisted of a large fresh fruit selection, fresh strawberries nearly every day , yoghurts, choice of smoothies, cheeses, salads, middle eastern selection. Salads etc, breads, toast, cakes, cereals, the most delicious almond croissants I’ve ever tasted , selection of jams, then of course the hot plate selections. Ordered at the servery then brought direct to your table. The usual eggs, beef bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes etc. Everything served piping hot !For the evening meals the restaurant was fairly quiet apart from the Brazilian night which is obviously popular ! Each night there was a large choice of themed salads, olives houmous etc e.g.on Italian night there was antipasti, seafood, dressings.etc, selection of cheese, beautiful breads etc and delicious sweets.The hot servery area offers you a choice of main courses and you can see the food being prepared in front of you. The choice includes pasta, rice dishes, vegetables, either Salmon fillet, Beef tenderloin, Rib eye, Chicken breast, Lamb loin chops etc . There was a choice of vegetables and sauces and you can eat as much as you want so if you prefer to have a pasta course after your starter you can then have a meat course or fish following on as many times as you like. It was beautiful food and our tenderloins with pepper sauce (I ordered the same every night ) were about 2’’ deep and like cutting butter- superb ! Wine is about £10 a glass and no cheaper if you order the whole bottle. The bottled beers were approx £7. Do try the Brazilian night- it is a continuous serving of selection of meats cooked on massive skewers sliced and served at the table – you eat till you say stop !Again the whole experience was wonderful mainly due to the attitude of the staff and excellent food.Adjacent to the hotel is a Belgian beer bar ( forms part of the hotel) we ate in there one evening and it was again excellent food in wonderful authentic surroundings with Hoegaarden beer at £10 a glass. It gets packed with people going for the Belgian mussels, Chips and Mayo but beware the air con is strong you would need jeans and a cardigan ! It is a smoking area, which for me was a bit of a surprise and can get a bit smoky. The hotel has a well equipped gym, and the ladies toilets adjacent to the gym are a bit of a surprise ! You go in and find a changing area with beautiful mirrors marble and wooden panels however after going through in the next section there are 2 sauna cabins which you can use, fluffy towels and wonderful body lotions and hand gels. Again it was immaculately maintained as was the outside shower area.There are loads of sunbeds which are really comfy and each day they put out large bean bags around the gardens with everything being covered with large fluffy white towels which are complimentary. The staff again are very attentive and you are given cards to keep so if you need a waiter for drinks or food, you just flip it over to green and they automatically come straight to you.There are 2 pools both reasonable size- one is a 25 m training pool and the other is more for entertainment set on different levels situated between the Crowne Plaza and the Intercontinental. There are also 2 very large Jacuzzis on each side of the gardens.Incidentally if you stay at either hotel you can use the facilities of both and if you are half board you can eat at either hotel restaurant and the Intercontinental does have more selection.The Festival Shopping Mall is directly behind the hotels and about 5 minutes walk away from the Marina. There is also a canal where you can have a free boat ride.We took a taxi down to the Dubai mall to see the largest shopping centre and it is worth the visit – and again it is organised so efficiently including the taxi services. It is a must see just to see the aquarium, the waterfall and ice rink and of course the Emirates tower, I have never said wow so many times on a holiday !Would I go back ? This hotel has some of the most polite, attentive staff I have ever had the pleasure to meet, the hotel was superb in every aspect and food and service excellent. If you want a base for a few days to explore Dubai city just 10 minutes from the airport it is ideal. It would not be suitable for a ‘beach holiday’ as it is quite some distance from the sea.I would thoroughly recommend the hotel if traveling on business and if passing through Dubai again I would definitely return – if only for the tenderloin steak and Belgian chips and beer ! A really superlative hotel - I really cannot praise it highly enough.	
Apr 27 2009 	This hotel has the WOW factor	From arrival to departure we received excellent service given in a very friendly manner.We had a suite on the 18th floor and the only word to describe the room and the beautiful view was WOW. All the restaurants in this hotel and the adjoining Intercontinental were superb.The pool areas were never crowded and we were very grateful for the ice cold towels and fresh melon &amp; pineapple we were offered.We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting 5 star luxury and can't wait to return.	
Apr 27 2009 	Nice hotel but far away from the centre	This hotel was very clean and staff very helpful.Food was good and poolside was good - nice music and atmosphere.long way from the centre but it is next to a huge shopping centre, so plenty to do in the evenings.great hotel for business users, but it would be boring for a holiday - recommend the resort hotels near the coast.Would return for work or a short break with the children but not for any longer than 4 nights.	
Apr 26 2009 	Very impressed from beginning to end	How refreshing to stay in a hotel where they believe in customer service. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left ,nothing was too much trouble. The staff were courteous and friendly, each with a ready smile and a warm greeting.Having arrived at 6.30am after a long flight from Australia to be told our room was ready was a very pleasant surprise and even better to be asked would we like breakfast.The room was spacious, with an amazing view over the creek of the city skyline. It's a view you will never tire of at any time of day or night.Breakfast offered a good choice, our 6 year old son believes himself to be an expert, and he was more than happy and full each morning.The pool area was nicely laid out with a vast choice of pools to suit all ages. You never felt as if you were on top of each other whilst soaking up the sun watching the helicopters land at Festival City. Nice touch of cold towels and fruit offered throughout the day.Would have no hesitation in returning as very impressed by the total package.	
Apr 25 2009 	Friendly enthuistic staff made a brief stay memorable	I found the staff very friendly efficient and quite delightful- especially the bright chirpy oriental woman serving coffee outside the cafe. She is a real gem. Check in at 7am was quick friendly and efficient in spite of the early hour well ahead of the normal 2pm check in time. I returned to my room to discover that I had left my glasses case somewhere in the hotel and decided to try and find them. I opened my hotel room to begin the hunt and lo and behold my glasses case was on the floor immediately outside my room.I enjoyed my sea food grill served outside in the balmy evening air on the grassed terrace area adjoining the pool area on the 5th floor. Again every one was very friendly and the service pleasant and efficientThe room was beautifully clean and well presented. I was on the 15th floor looking out over &quot;the creek&quot; and the view in the evening was stunning with the lights of the city reflecting in the water. Taking a shower looking at the beautiful view was a treat due to the glass wall to the bathroom. It was certainly an unusual experience. I was travelling alone, but I would probably have lowered the blind if I had had company when using the toilet............sometimes a bloke needs privacy!!The walk through to the new shopping mall was easy and I thoroughly enjoyed window shopping , the funfair area and walking the boardwalk on the waters edgeThe distance from other parts of dubai and the beaches was a bit of a nuisance but in my opinion the level of customer service and the fact that the hotel is still very new means that I will stay at this fine hotel any time I am staying over in Dubai	
Apr 22 2009 	The staff made a special occassion extra special	We have just spent a wonderful few nights at the hotel to mark our 30th Wedding Anniversary. The facilities are wide and varied, sharing many with the nearby sister hotel, the Intercontinental. Our high-floor room with a panorama of the Dubai Creek, offered great views during the day but the city-wide view of Dubai at night was wonderful. The service was very attentive from front desk to restaurant and housekeeping staff, in fact it was exemplary. Having stayed at many Crowne Plazas over the world this is the best so far. Very highly recommended, they could not do any better – my complements to the Management.	
Apr 21 2009 	Lived upto its 5 * title	Arrived for three nights with my mum and brother and were greeted from the moment we stepped out of the taxi to the moment we left in a taxi.Check in was quick and smooth. On arrival to our rooms the hotel porter explained how the tv worked and shower bath etc .The tv is on a swivel and has volume control in the glass screen bathroom so you are able to view whilst having a bath or shower how great is that. The shower was fab easily controlable and good tempertaure.I loved the dressing gowns and slippers that were in the wardrobe and welecomed the complimentary bowl of apples we received.We had breakfast which again was fantastic so much choice that my brother had three courses each morning ! My self and mum never ate again untiol late evening 9pm as we were so full from it.Lovely pool area with outdoor jacuzzis which I fully enjoyed. The nice staff even come around with wet flannels to cool you down in the afternoon hot sun. I never used the gym or sauna facilities but they are more than sufficient with equipment and I thought it was great that the sauna and steam room were located through the ladies changing room / toilets so they could only be used by the women and the men had their own.The festival mall which the hotel is attached to is very convenient and provides many ares for meals .I went to the cinema one night on my own and as the movie finished at 11pm I welcomed the fact that I never had to venture outside the hotel to get to the cinema it is as mentioned a walk way through the hotel or outside along the lovely creek if you prefer.I would definately recommend this hotel and jump at the chance to stay here again if making another trip tpo Dubai.5* rooms 5* meals and most edfinately 5* service	
Apr 17 2009 	Very nice hotel!	Me and my husband, stayed 7 nights to the hotel!Crowne Plaza is a very nice and luxury hotel with etxremely kind staff and excellent service.I don't want to be repetative so i'll write some extra things i noticed.The hotel is interconected with intercontinental (next door hotel) and you can also use the facilities of intercontintal, whitch has plenty of good restaurants to choose! It is also nice to have a drink to eclipse bar, is on the top floor of intercontinental and has an amazing view!The spa center was fantastic but a little bit overpriced i think!The shopping center near the hotel is very good and brand new.The swimming pool of the hotel is also good and a litlle bit small, but we could always find free sunbeds as the sun terrace is big.In my opinion the big disadvantage of the hotel is that the rooms have no balconies or even an opening window (had a huge window with great view but non opening) as the most of the hotels in Dubai. I think is because of their clima.Generally in Dubai the sky was never clear blue and sunny. (the sand of the desert maybe).And as i am from a very sunny and beautiful island of Greece, Rhodes that was very strange for me.Overall i enjoed my holidays in Dubai and Crowne Plaza Hotel! (once more...the staff, the service and the cleanless of the hotel are ecxellent).	
Apr 16 2009 	Confusing check-in	Had pre-booked this hotel for 3 nights with Asia Rooms, being a family of 4 had requested inter-connecting rooms, on early arrival the guy at reception said that as we had only booked standard rooms which were not ready and he could not give us connecting rooms as requested as the hotel was full, however, we could have the available connecting de-luxe rooms on floor 19 with creek views for an extra £38.00 per night or adjoining rooms on floor 18 for £25.00 extra per night. What he did not explain was that the extra price was per room per night!! When I questioned this, suddenly he checked the computer again, and then said that he could only offer us de-luxe, creek view ,connecting rooms on floor 7 at £25.00 per room per night. So I am guessing that the standard rooms are all facing the courtyard/entrance. I had also paid for 3 breakfasts for my family, but with an early check-out on the last day I had e-mailed prior to our stay and asked if we could have one breakfast on arrival as we could not possibly have it on the checkout day, the reply agreed, no problem, BUT when I mentioned this to the same man on reception on arrival he said NO but we could have a packed breakfast when leaving at 5.30am on our last day. I promptly showed him the copy of the e-mail, and guess what he said fine, we could have the paid breakfast as we had it in writing.Now being a priority club member I am not sure what if any perks were offered to me, yes the hotel was excellent, but I just felt like the man on reception was being difficult, no standard connecting rooms available, hotel was full, could not honour breakfast request on 1st day, only de-luxe rooms on creek side, I would be interested to know if anyone else had the same experience.	
Apr 13 2009 	Lovely hotel with great staff.	Just got back from a 3 night stay here and couldn't fault the hotel. Room was gorgeous with a glass wall in the bathroom, and nice modern decor. Pool deck wasn't too busy, and can use the Intercontinental pool next door which is only a few feet away. Lots of beanbags in the grounds to just flop on, and helpful pool staff.The new mall which is a short walk through the hotels is amazing, with huge food court, loads of restaurants, cinema and bowling alley. They have a funfair on at night at the moment too which my 5 year old loved.Hotel only minutes from airport but with no aircraft noise, but a good half an hour in a taxi from the water parks and Jumeireh beach (about 50 dhirams each way).Recommend it for a short break of sun and shopping and enjoyed it a lot.	
Apr 11 2009 	Gorgeous facilities uninteresting area	I overnighted here with a colleague on the way to another destination. The hotel staff were friendly and professional and the facilities are wonderful. My room was medium-sized and featured super modern amenities and electronics (light fixtures and switches, LCD TV, etc). The bathroom was beautiful -- all marble and glass -- and from the room you could see downtown Dubai in the distance. Very convenient to the airport.Breakfast buffet was stunning but expensive. Internet is available but not complimentary.I would stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great hotel....	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights as part of a great value package with Expedia.Its a perfect place for a short and easy stay if you just want to chill out by a pool but explore Dubai too.We didn't take the breakfast option as it added more ££'s to stay but there is a coffee stand that sells muffins in reception with a great balcony overlooking the creek and Festival City (shopping mall, shops and US style restaurants) is 5 mins walk with a Costa coffee shop!Room was fab, V clean and even had an iPod dock. Well appointed with all you need, comfortable beds, great bathroom with Floris soaps. Easy to get cabs outside and situated next door to Intercontinental with bank machine in connecting corridor.Pool area was great, v attentive staff with cold towels and iced fruit handed out. Great comfortable sunbeds and loads of towels.Poolside menu a bit dull but OK.Best of all was a fabulous spa pool that overlooked the creek. The hotel has a Belgium beer bar, that was fine for a quick one but it did feel a bit odd sitting in a Belgium themed bar in Dubai but it had a great balcony and was an easy option before getting ready to go out and the expats seemed to love it as it wasn't too expensive so fair enough! To sum up, a great hotel only 5 mins from airport (not that you would know) with good service and nice amenities.I definitely recommend it.	
Apr 3 2009 	Just what we wanted	We stayed here for the one night to break up our flight to Australia and it was a great choice for a short stopover.Check in was fast, friendly and efficient. Bell boy very informative.Room was great. Lovely comfy bed, plush bathroom and great flatscreen tv. Our view was out towards the front entrance, couldn't see anything spectacular, probably just as well actually as the windows could have done with a clean.We got an extended free check out until 2pm was good of them and just used the showering and changing facilities at the gym when we were ready, which are lovely.We were 5 mins late for breakfast so unfortunately couldn't use the buffet, but they kindly brought out a continental platter for us - coffee, juice, smoothies, croissants, danishes, tropical fruit plate and jams/honey, which set us up for the day. I was a bit worried this would be added to my bill as I had to sign for it, but thankfully it wasn't !Pool area was lovely. Comfy loungers which the attendants will set up wherever you want. Warm (?!) jacuzzi overlooking the creek. They were doing some maintenance on the 2nd pool whilst we were there, which meant everyone was using just the 1 narrow lap pool, which wasn't ideal, but the pool scene isn't really why you'd choose this hotel.We ate on the terrace at the Belgian Beer Cafe. Good reasonably priced food and a great atmosphere. Beers were priced between 35 - 40 AED.The pretty Festival City Mall is accessible via the Intercontinental and has a great choice of eating places and shops.Taxi ride from airport was around 6 mins.Only gripe I have is that Internet use was not free and cost me around £6 to check in online. We stayed at the Al Manzil at the end of our trip and their business centre was free and 2nd to none.	
Apr 2 2009 	Excellent Hotel!!!	Excellent hotel..service, cleanliness, comfort, luxury..second to none. One of the best places we've ever stayed. And how can I forget to mention the view of the Dubai skyline from the huge glass window in our room...just wait till the sun goes down and the lights come up...the view is Breathtakingly Spectacular!!!The hotel is interconnected via an air-conditioned passage into another hotel (Intercontinental) belonging to the same group, a couple of conference halls and then a huge shopping mall. So it takes 5 mins on foot to get to the shopping mall via the interconnected air-conditioned passage, which is secure and safe (there is security always present at various points)The shopping mall itself is huge and very grand. It houses all the popular brands, food courts and Cinema.So, to sum up everything, it was a real great experience and we are definitely going back to Crowne Plaza for another holiday The hotel is close from the Airport (cost 30dhms when you use the hotels excellent cab service), you can even hop on the Big Bus tour just outside M&amp;S in the shopping mall.Do not hesitate, the hotel is highly highly recommended.	
Apr 1 2009 	Fabulous experience for a first time to Dubai!	From the first minute, I felt welcome and right at home at the Crowne Plaza Festival City. The food was incredible; the staff was extremely helpful and gracious; the room was clean, modern and very comfortable; and the location was minutes from the airport, but convenient to everything else. If you are relying on cabs, there are 2 options - flat rate or actual mileage. Flat rate cabs are usually readily available at the door, whereas you may have to wait for a regular cab. Not a big deal - the staff is helpful is taking care of your needs. As with most hotels in Dubai, this one is attached to the Festival City Mall. To get to it, you walk down a corridor, thru the lobby of the Intercontinental, down another corridor, along an enclosed walkway thru what appears to be an office building and into the mall. Dubai should be spelled &quot;Dubuy&quot;! Everyone speaks English (and most signage is in English) and credit cards are welcome, as is any form of currency. However, the hotel converted American Express Traveler's Checks, where the Bank and Currency Exchange places would NOT. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 28 2009 	Absolutely amazingly wonderful and can't wait to return!!!	Submitting this review on behalf of my parents.My Dad booked this as a surprise birthday present for my Mum and their comments are as follows:Booked through Virgin holidays and we opted to upgrade to Premium Economy for the flight there as it was overnight and even though the food and service on behalf of the cabin crew was fantastic we wouldn't say that the extra cost was worth the extra space (hardly any extra space compared to standard!!) When you get to Dubai airport (if your someone who likes to have a drink!!) Make sure you go to the duty free on your way out as there isn't any alcohol available to buy anywhere apart from hotel bars and hotel restaurants (between £7 and £14 a pint!) So we had a few glasses of wine in our room before going out for an evening. Upon arrival at our hotel we were absolutely amazed. The service is impecable, all of the staff from bell boys to waiters to maids to managers are so polite, helpfull and cannot do enough for you. The rooms are absolutely immaculate, with even a pillow menu giving choices of 5 different types of pillows!! The rooms are absolutely spotless with the maids coming in twice a day. The first clean is a very thorough clean. All the glass, mirrors and floors are cleaned and polished daily. All bed linens and towels are fresh every day and then in the evening they come in to do a turn down service.The pool area is immaculate also with staff on hand to look after you every second, I got up at one point to move my sunbed and one of the men was immediately there to do it for me. All towels are provided around the pool area as well and if they are expecting a lot of guests around the pool they put out huge pillows for you to be able to lay on. At regular intervals through out the day they even bring around ice cold towels to cool you down.The Belgian Beer Bar in the hotel served amazing food and again we cannot rave about the staff enough. We also went to Waxy O'Connors an Irish Bar which is at the Ascot Hotel, they have a restaurant and bar meals are available. It's just like being in Ireland but on a Thursday it is ladies evening and ladies can drink pink champagne and daquri's for free!!!!!! Everywhere in the whole city is immaculately clean, at one point we even saw men cleaning chewing gum off the pavement by hand!!!! All the locals are really friendly and polite even when we went to the markets we didn't feel intimidated or threatened. We visited the gold souke which just has windows upon windows full of gold jewellery.We would definitely recommend the Big Red Bus Tour, some of them have half open top and half air conditioned so you can even top up your tan whilst seeing an amazing city. It was around £40 per person but there are actually 2 tours you can do and you can get on and off the buses as often as you like within a 24 hour period. If you are stopping within the vacinity of the Festival City Mall there is a supermarket in there called Panda, that sells take away sandwiches and pasta salads at very resonable prices. We cannot recommend this hotel and city enough it is one of the most amazing places we've ever been and it will definitely be a place that we visit again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great hotel - excellent service	We had a four night break here after a few days work in Dubai and we made a perfect choice of hotel. The rooms are modern and light - great views across the creek and usual 5 star luxury for a reasonable price. We loved the glass walled bathroom so you can watch the sunset while in the bath (if that's your thing - if not, an electric blind can be used for more privacy!) - definitely worth getting a Creek view room anyway or you'll be looking out over roads and building sites. Breakfast was good - anything you wanted really, and the pool area is fine with the bonus of being attached to the Intercontinental hotel pool area.The shopping mall attached to the hotel has some good eating places and at least it all looks finished unlike a lot of Dubai. The position of the hotel is pretty good - a little away from the centre of Dubai but close to the airport. Wherever you are you need taxis as it's quite a sprawling city but taxi prices are very reasonable. There are plenty of them now as well with the decrease in visitors in the past few months. Our daughter joined us for a few nights for her 21st and the hotel made a real fuss of her - wine, cake and a card - fantastic, and summed up the quality of the service we got.	
Mar 17 2009 	Decent hotel in Festival City Dubai	We booked 2 rooms in December ( 660 dirhams per room - quite reasonable although the price varies a lot and it's often more expensive) and were very pleased. The rooms were airy and the bathrooms large. Note that you can see into the bathrooms from the bedrooms but blinds are available for the more discreet! The service at reception was also good.One complaint...the beer in the Belgian Beer Bar downstairs was really expensive, and the food was just okay. A better bet is the Vista Lounge in the Inter-Continental which is adjoined to the Crowne Plaza. The view form the Vista Lounge is stunning and the cocktail I had was really nice. Not sure if the location of Festival City is for everyone but I enjoyed the aspect looking out from the pool area of the Crowne Plaza (unfortunately didn't have time to enjoy the pool itself).	
Mar 13 2009 	Perfect and good value	We spent less for a five star room here than in other places in Dubai and it was perfect: outstanding room, good service, magnificent view. The places to see in Dubai can be easily reached by taxi for a reasonable fare and the double-deck tourist bus stops there. It is close to a huge shopping center where there is a very broad choice of restaurants. Definitely recommended.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great hotel great location!	Stayed here for 3 nights after cruising round the Gulf - lovely hotel in a great location right next to a large shopping mall with lots of nice places to eat ranging from inexpensive to expensive - the choice is yours. Outside there is a large marina and waterfront walk as well as a canal with complimentary boat trips and a nice walking and seating area.When we were there the Chinese Circus was performing by the marina - very good.The rooms were luxurious, the breakfast very good and the service was excellent. Would definitely stay there again and would recommend to anyone.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location in Festival City	We stayed here for a weekend in early February. We had a standard room, modern style decorated, with king size bed ; the bathroom had a window with a view out over the Dubai skyline and a wall glass with a view out over the bedroom. (There is an automatic blind for privacy if you need it). Internet was not included but was not expensive (cost in the room was 38 dirham/ 24 hours).Buffet breakfast was good but much crowded.Also the pool area was crowded and It was windy. The swimming pools are quite nice but I expected something more.This hotel has a great location in Festival City and you can access the adjacent shopping mall through an air conditioned walkway and is full of nice places to eat and shop.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great hotel!	A really great alternative to staying on Jumeirah Beach. I went for a short break with a girlfriend and would have liked better weather but got a good late deal.The hotel is primarily a business hotel which leaves the pool free in the day for the leisure visitors. Smaller than the pctures and with only one 25m lane the pool in the brochures is deceiving but the lovely infinity spa beyond the pool made up for the shortfall. You can use the facilities of the Intercontinental next door if required.Had a great spa treatment and lovely food in the hotel and would highly recommend it. I have written a trip report on the forum which gives more detail of the hotel and the facilities.	
Feb 15 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	Stayed 6 nights in the Crowne Plaza Festival City and so glad we chose this hotel. It was wonderful in all aspects.We had flights from Aberdeen via Amsterdam with KLM and I must say they were brilliant, comfortable, all on time, good service and food.We arrived at the Hotel around 1am and were met by the array of staff greeting guests as they arrive from taxis. Check in was quick and efficient. We were offered to upgrade to a Creek View room but decided against this and so glad we did. We had requested a higher floor room and this request was honoured as we were given room 1833 on the 18th floor. It was a corner room and we had nobody either side of us. The views over towards the airport were stunning.The ambience of the room was very contemporary with lots of warm browns and creams. The bed was huge with high quality linens. Large flat screen TV, plenty of wardrobe and drawer space, iron and ironing board, safe (no charges for use), Ipod docking station, minibar, tea and coffee, complementary water and most things operated by remote control.The bathroom was equally stunning with large bath with rain shower and wall shower, bidet, toilet, and wash basin surrounded by gorgeous marble. Plenty of towels, robes and slippers and plenty of toiletries. My only disappointment was that I was under the impression from various websites that all rooms had whirlpool baths, well ours didn't .The Hotel is perfectly situated 2 minutes walk from the Festival City Mall and you can walk through the Intercontinental next door (equally stunning hotel and real wow factor reception area) straight to the mall where there are shops and eating places to suit all tastes and budgets. You can even get a cooked breakfast in Ikea for 4 DHS - Quite a few locals seem to take advantage of that as well!!!We found the extras in the Hotel quite expensive. A beer in the Belgian Cafe was around 35 DHS for half litre with the poor exchange rate making it nearly £7. Internet access in the Business Centre was 20DHS for 15 mins and 60DHS for 1 hour.We took an airport taxi to the Hotel which was 30DHS. A taxi to the Burj Al Arab was 50DHS and to the Emirates Mall 50DHS and Dubai Mall 30DHS. Make sure you use the Dubai taxis rather than the privately owned taxis as they are much cheaper.Had an Indulgent Afternoon Tea in the Burj Al Arab which was a fantastic (although expensive) experience and we requested a window table overlooking Jumeriah Beach which we got so had a fantastic view from the Skyview Bar. The tea, cakes and sandwiches were superb. A once in a lifetime opportunity which I am so glad we did.Thoroughly enjoyed our week and would definitely return to Festival City and the Crowne Plaza is simply a beautiful Hotel	
Feb 6 2009 	Fantastic Room with Great Service	We booked the airport pick up service from the hotel and it was well worth it. Our bags were taken off us at the airport and we didn't see them again until we got in the room, we had already been checked in by the hotel so they showed us straight to our room.The room was fantastic and we had been left fresh fruit in the room. We orderered room service for breakfast and the traditional arabic breakfast was brilliant.The hotels locaion was fine for us as taxis were so easy to come by and cheap. The pool area was very nice only wish we had more time to make use of it.Would highly recomend staying here, especially if your visit is shot like ours as the hotel is only 10 minutes from the airport.	
Dec 29 2008 	Loved it	After reading reviews I was expecting a lot and it was perfect. Loved the room decor, loved the location. For people who like beach hotels its bit far from nearest beach but hotel has nice garden with pools also promenade is being finished so you can have your evening walks there. I hope to be back soon.	
Nov 10 2008 	Wow	Have just returned from a fab hoilday in Dubai. We used our Priority Club points to pay for 7 nights at the Crowne Plaza. The hotel is ultra modern and the bathroom with a window with a view out over the Dubai skyline is was a lovely feature. (There is an automatic blind for privacy if you need it). The pool was very relaxing and never a rush for a sunbed. The pool attendants gave out iced flannels to help cool you off. The jacuzzi had a view over to the the Burj Dubai (Tallest building in the world). The night turndown service was good and they even switched on some soothing music and put the bedside lights on for you.The Festival City shopping mall is connected to the Crowne Plaza via an Air conditioned walkway and is full of nice places to eat and shop. There is a Free boat ride through the mall which was never very busy. We went by Taxi to the Dubai Mall the day after it opened it was only a 10 minute taxi ride and cost £6.00. The mall has an ice rink and a huge aquarium and is also next to the Burj Dubai. Although the mall wasn't finished yet it was huge. I would highly recommend the Crowne Plaza for its great location only 15 minutes by taxi from the Airport (£7.00) and with fanatstic views.	
Sep 30 2008 	Good hotel couldn't really fault	This hotel is located at Festival City which is out towards the airport.I can't and won't find any aspect of the hotel to fault. Room was excellent. Spotless and absolutely pristine. The cleaner did a wonderful job. The food I experienced at the hotel was excellent.Only problem for me was locality. If I was staying on holiday it would be far too much of a mission to get to beach and other &quot;tourist&quot; spots. If I was staying on business it was too far away from business area.Under normal circumstances this wouldn't matter, but rush hour traffic in Dubai makes London at 0830 in the morning seem like a stroll in the park and to get from Festival City to the Beach can easily take 45 mins to an hour.Shopping however is excellent at Festival City and if that is your raison d'etre ten this hotel would work well for you.	
Sep 28 2008 	Excellent Hotel 	I have stayed in several hotels in Dubai including the Burj Al Arab.I consider myself a fussy traveller who exspects excellent service and accomodation.The Crowne Plaza Dubai Festival is an excellent hotel and I can recommend fully.The staff offer a superior service and go out of there way to make your stay memorable.The rooms are spacious, modern and the beds are so compfortable it really is hard to get up of a morning. The large marble appointed bathrooms are well equipped and very relaxing.I would recommend BB as the breakfast choice is excellent for both the healthier eaters and those who enjoy a full cooked breakfast. The chefs and staff go out of there way to serve your every need.The hotel is situated within a new developing part of Festival City and is well situated for the main attractions.The hotel facilities include excellent appointed rooms and facilities. The hotel is located next to a shopping mall which has over 400 shops to explore and plenty of eating establishments to sample. The hotel has an air conditioned tunnel that leads you straight into the mall.The hotels has a great fitness suite and excellent choice of swimming pools for those lazy afternoons.I booked my stay through Virgin Holidays who I cannot fault.Well done to all the staff at the Crowne Plaza, Keep up your hard work, it is very much appreciated.I look forward to seeing you again very soon.I certianly have no need to look for alternative hotels in the future as I will be looking very much forward to staying in this wonderful hotel again and again.	
Sep 22 2008 	Fairly good hotel a bit outside the city	I stayed at the adjacent Intercontinental Festival City hotel but - as some renovations were undergoing at the Intercontinental - we used some of the facilities of the Crowne Plaza. This is a good hotel indeed, but not quite as good as the Intercontinental.The lobby is nice, but not very big. Front door staff is polite and ready to help, that's something I would like to mention!We used the swimming pool, which is not exactly big (rather small in fact) but that has a nice jacuzzi infinity-like with a great view over Burj Dubai that is simply amazing, especially at sunset! The gym was rather small and with not many machines...We had breakfast once at the Lebanese buffet restaurant: the quality was outstanding, really! The selection wasn't huge, but the quality was particularly good! I've had the same quality (healthy-wise) at the Courtyard by Marriott in berlin (Mitte), and I really like the feeling of eating healthy and tasty stuff!We went one night to the Ramadan tent, to smoke shisha (a must among locals) and have soem drinks... We found it overcrowded and the staff not particularly polite, even if everything was nice.All in all, it's a good 4 stars hotel, with some flwas though that makes it not up to the Intercontinental next door, but at far cheaper rates you cannot really complain!	
Sep 8 2008 	Excellent room	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Festival City Hotel for one night during a stopover in August 2008. I booked the room via Asiarooms for around 130 Euro. The reception gave me a corner room with creek view. The room was luxurious with a beautiful view of the creek and the sjyscrapers in the Sheik Sayed Road area. Everything was quite new and of good quality. Large bed, large flatscreen. The bathroom had a large open window into the room which was kind of strange. The hotel is connectied via the adjacent Intercontinental to a new shopping mall. There is a Belgian Beer Cafe at ground floor but when we arrived (around 24:00) the kitchen was already closed. All in all a pleasant place I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Just Fabulous	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on our first visit to Dubai. The hotel was fantastic with great facilities. We loved our deluxe room especially loved the en-suite. The view was great albeit with some construction still going on around festival city. The pool facilities were great especially with the use of Intercontinental Hotel's pool which was located adjacent to our hotel. It is a great place for children as our three year old daughter loved every moment of it. She also loved the ride on the canal taxi which can be found at Festival City.The staff were wonderful and provided a great service. A truly great stay which exceeded our expectations.	
Aug 1 2008 	What a Wonderful Experience	We stayed at The Crown Plaza Festival City for two amazing nights as a stop over flying Emirates on our way to London from Australia. What a wonderfully fabulous hotel. Sure there is still construction going on all around, but that's Dubai. We found the staff not only very friendly but highly professional and truely dedicated to their hotel. Nothing was too much for them, they all wanted to help and assist where ever they could. They even remembered our names for our whole stay.The hotel is interconnected with the Intercontinental Hotel then onto the amazing new Festival City Shopping Centre via a airconditioned walk way. With hundreds of shops and food outlets to choose from there is no need to move away from the hotel complex at all over your stay. It was 48C while we were there but apart from the small walk from the taxi to the hotel doors we never felt the heat at all. We can not recommend this hotel highly enough, the rooms are out of this world and the staff are the best in the world.	
Jul 23 2008 	Is this the best in the world???	During 11th to 17th July 2008 my wife and I visited Dubai on a package holiday arranged by Virgin Atlantic. We stayed at the CROWNE PLAZA DUBAI FESTIVAL CITYon the eastern shore of Dubai Creek, UAE.Travel:Flights:- The outbound flight was overnight, leaving Heathrow at 21:25 (local time), arriving in Dubai at 06:25 (local time). It had been recommended by Virgin that we booked an extra night at the hotel although we would be flying for most of the night so that we could book into our room on our early morning arrival, rather than wait around until normal Dubai check-in time of 15:00. The flight was uneventful, the cabin crew attentive and (for a change compared with some airlines) the food very edible. The same applied to the return flight. The only negative comments are about the comprehensive entertainment system in that it was very slow in responding to the passenger controls (the Captain apologised over the tannoy that the entertainment system was overloading due to excessive passenger demands) and that the flight wasn’t long enough to watch each of the 40 or so films, let alone the TV programmes and music channels!Transfers:- On arrival at Dubai we were met by a local Virgin agent who arranged for a taxi to take us to our hotel (as opposed to a coach as stated in the paperwork). Everyone was very courteous and helpful. However, we were taken to the wrong hotel – the Crown Plaza on Sheikh Zayed Road, which is the business district located on the other side of the creek. We had confirmed to the agent at the airport that we were booked in at the Crown Plaza Festival City and as we approached the Crown Plaza commented to the taxi driver that this was the wrong hotel according to the pictures and map in the brochure, but there were communication barriers (I don’t speak Arabic). On arrival at this hotel the hotel staff unloaded the taxi for us, opened the hotel doors and escorted us to reception. The receptionist agreed that we were not booked at this hotel. He kindly phoned the Crown Plaza Festival City and confirmed that we were booked in there and arranged for another taxi to transport us to the correct hotel and the hotel staff wheeled our 2 cases back to the new taxi and loaded them for us. And so having made a mini tour of Dubai, we arrived at the Crown Plaza Festival City ………&lt;photo 1&gt; The Hotel:The hotel is on the Eastern bank of Dubai Creek and is part of a new interconnected complex. Next door is a sister hotel, (the Intercontinental), and joined to this is the Festival Mall (currently about 300 shops together with a small marina and the mall incorporates a decorative canal) and a conference/ business centre.Arrival:On approaching the hotel we were slightly concerned by the amount of construction work around the rear and to the side of the hotel and later found out that this area is still being developed with a further hotel and landscaping. I must emphasise that we were not disturbed at any time by noise or dust, unlike hotels in Mediterranean countries in the past.The taxi doors were opened for us, the luggage removed and we were escorted into the reception lobby. The staff were profusely apologetic that we had been taken to the wrong hotel (not their fault and certainly out of their control) and the Front Office Manager was called to the reception desk to apologise again! Having completed the signing in processes we were escorted to our room and the various comprehensive control systems for lights, TV and other equipment explained.The Room:Each floor has a single curved corridor with rooms on both sides making it simple to find each room. Emergency escape routes are clearly marked.Our room was on the top floor overlooking the creek, with Dubai as a skyline. A splendid view, especially at night. Unfortunately during our stay, until our last day, a humidity haze during the daytime reduced visibility to about 1½ miles.&lt;photo 2&gt;&lt;photo 3&gt;The room was light coloured, spacious and extremely well appointed with lots of storage space and our own iron and board. Fresh linen and towels were supplied every day, as were the bottles of water and toiletries. An interesting feature was the full wall internal window alongside the bath (with an electrically operated internal blind if required for privacy) that allowed you to see the Dubai skyline across the room whilst soaking in the bath! The mini bar was well stocked and was reasonably priced. Ethernet connections to the web were available, but not used (we were on holiday) and only once did we use both phone lines simultaneously. The large screen LCD TV had a wide variety of channels, both local and international and always had a good clear picture and sound. The BOSE alarm radio was also useful. The room servicing comprised at least 2 visits per day, one to impeccably clean the room and replenish supplies and then later in the evening to turn down the bed and arrange the slippers! There was never any noise of other guests.&lt;photo 4&gt;&lt;photo 5&gt;Dining:We were staying half board and ate mostly in the Zaytoun restaurant. What a positive experience! The range of foods catered for every palate. It was freshly prepared and was presented as a buffet where you identify which food you want and it is served onto your plate by the waiter and brought to your table. I have never been more looked after in any of the hotels I have stayed in worldwide, including those used by foreign royalty. Examples: one night my wife, having selected a variety of dishes wanted rice. The rice on offer was with prawns. My wife is allergic to shellfish and asked if they had any plain boiled rice. The answer was “Yes, in about 10 minutes. Would you mind returning to your table. We will bring your selection from the buffet.” They did. Another night we were discussing the different styles of cooking rice in India with our waiter. A short while later came back to our table and presented us with a sample that he had asked the chef to prepare to show us, apologizing that it was not authentic as the rice should have been soaked overnight before grinding and cooking, and it should have been filled. The next night he brought the chef with him with correctly prepared samples – just so that we could see what it should look and taste like! And presented us with a printout of the recipe and method!!&lt;photo 6&gt;As well as the Zaytoun restaurant on the fifth floor there was the Maza lounge bar in the lobby that served drinks throughout the day, either in the spacious and comfortable lobby (do try their strawberry milk shake made to order from fresh strawberries, ice cream and milk – delicious.) or on a secluded balcony overlooking the creek and for the evenings there was also the Belgian Bar (very popular), specializing in Belgian food and drinks. The mussels are flown in from Belgium because they taste better, as was the chef because he knows how to prepare Belgian food properly!Exercise options:The facilities of the Crown Plaza and the Intercontinental are available to all guests. I did not investigate the inside facilities at the Intercontinental. Inside the Crown Plaza there is a well equipped gymnasium and in each of the inside changing rooms there is a sauna and a steam room. Outside, each hotel has a swimming pool, a childrens pool and 3 jacuzzis. These facilities are effectively on the fifth floor and provide a pleasant view across the creek. The Jacuzzis are positioned near to the edge of the roof and have ‘infinity’ edges towards Dubai providing a magical experience. The Crown Plaza main pool is 25m long and half the width is laned for serious swimming and the remainder is free swimming. All of the pool areas were very clean and tidy and the (fresh) water was always clean and clear. It was observed that the water was sampled and analysed daily. The plentiful teak sun loungers (with thick mattresses) were extremely comfortable, spread with fresh towels each day and provided with a separate towel for drying off. Lifeguards were on duty all day and supported by other poolside attendants. All were continuously attentive to what was going on.Staffing:The 1200 staff comprises 54 nationalities, all having some English. On each and every occasion that we passed near any we were greeted with a genuine smile and a ‘Good Morning/Afternoon sir/madam”. Other than the door to our room, we were not allowed to open any door if there was a member of staff nearby, even if they were doing something else! On commenting to the hotel management about the positive attitude of the staff, we were told that their prime consideration in selecting staff was attitude not capability – capability can be trained (and had been). It was also observed that the staff are a happy, integrated team that helped each other. Complaints:There were only 2 very minor complaints(?). These were:1. When using the massive overhead shower above the bath, some water dripped from the edge of the bath onto the tiled floor, making the bath mat wet.and being ultra finicky,2. The feet on the chairs in Zaytoun restaurant were not felt padded and could ‘screetch’ when dragged across the tiled area of the floor.Neither of these caused any serious discomfort. As a Health and Safety Assessor, I found no instances of any hazards, actual or potential.Other Notes:During the first day the ‘Virgin’ rep from Alpha Tours arrived at the hotel to apologise about the confusion with the transfer and refund the cost of the second taxi (~£4.50 for a 15 minute drive) and to offer us a selection of tours and activities. We chose the ‘City Tour’. We were collected from our hotel in an air conditioned minibus and then, having collected the other 6 passengers from their hotels spread out around Dubai, we started our 4 hour tour. This took us to see Burj Al Arab (from shoreside as casual visitors are no longer permitted access), the Palm, the Jumeirah Mosque, the local harbour area, the Dubai Museum, a trip across the Creek on an abra (water taxi), and finally shopping in the Spice souk and the Gold souk before being returned to our respective hotels. All entrance fees and fares were included in the tour price. This tour I consider was very good value and well hosted by KJ (no-one could pronounce his Japanese name!).Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive (especially if taken from outside a mall).Summary:Would we go there again?Most certainly (but not until its cooler – 50’C in the shade was a bit warm!).Marks out of 10?11 all round (except for the misdirection at the airport).Most outstanding?The feeling of warmth and friendliness from all the hotel staff.Most Memorable? Sipping coffee on the lawn after the evening meal with the sky lit by the lights of Dubai and my wife not being eaten by mosquitoes. &lt;photo 7&gt;David Mann	
Jul 13 2008 	one of the best ever been	I've been there only staying one night, but I really was impressed about the hospitality and the quality of rooms.The personal was friendly, competent and has always supported as quick as possible.Belgian bar is quite nice, easy to find comunication partners.Next time I'm in Dubai, I will join in again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Service with a smile	Stayed at the CP Festival City in late June 08. It's a beautiful modern hotel - just opened in March 08- and close proximity to the int'l airport. Arrived knackered from o/n flight from LHR ( Gulf Air - cheap and good service). Upgraded room was ready (although maybe because I'm a PC member) and receptionist showed me to the room with minimum delay and fuss- excellent! The room was great - king bed, workspace, sofa, minibar and a bathroom to die for!! Hotel is next to the IC ( connect thr' walkway to shopping mall - everything you need including a supermarket - but no booze on sale - TIP - if you want it but haven't got any on arrival at Dubai, buy it at the baggage reclaim hall in the airport).Festival City is really like shopping at the Traff - same big brands and prices no different from home - but half the pleasure of shopping is the excitment of stumbling on something you've just gotta have - right girls?!  All CP staff were exceptionally friendly - all spoke good english and acknowledged you without exception on every occasion you passed by them - a nice touch! Beds very comfy but then they haven't had ten thousand bodies lie on them yet!! Belgian Beer bar a good place to meet ex-pats and locals and the beer was good although obv. expensive compared to Joseph Holts. My view - a great hotel in a good location. Just GO!	
Jun 25 2008 	Wonderful Stay	My husband and I recently stayed at this location (June 2008) and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is brand new along with its adjoined sister property, Intercontinental Hotel. Also nearby is a new shopping mall, Festival City Mall, with plenty of great stores and restaurants. The hotel staff was very pleasant and attentive. The hotel room was pristine as well as all the facilities. The hotel had 1 restaurant which we only utilized for breakfast (no specific reason for not eating there for lunch/dinner, we were always on the go). Additionally, Intercontinental does have a few restaurants and the mall has plenty to choose from. We were also satisfied with the location of the hotel, as it's in close proximity to the airport (my cab fare was 36Dhs or $10US). The beaches, however, were not nearby but you could easily catch a taxi or arrange trips through the hotel drivers. I'd also like to note that both properties have separate pool areas however guests of each hotel can utilize both areas. This was not a problem for us because it gave us the chance to enjoy different views. During this trip we also spent time at a beach hotel (Jumeirah Beach Hotel) which I reviewed under that section. Overall, we had an excellent stay at the Crowne Plaza Festival City and I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Jun 4 2008 	Very Enjoyable	I stayed here three times over a two week period using it as a hub while travelling to other areas of the Gulf.First it advertises itself as the first non-smoking hotel in Dubai, a fact being a non-smoker I enjoyed, but I guess for some of you it would be a problem.Because it is new my taxi drivers had to be told by me where it was, so don't be surprised in the very short term if you are asked the same question.The staff are outstanding, if they can help you they will, although this may be because it is a new hotel.On all three occasions I had a room overlooking the creek and I would recommend this to anyone. The room itself could not be faulted, everything you wanted was available, the television choice, for those of us who find Dubai boring was very good.I only had breakfast in the hotel so could not really comment, although unlike its sister hotel it does not serve pork at breakfast.A shopping mall was close by, which as previously commented, could be reached by walking through the Intercon and conference centre.I will definitely stay here again.	
May 21 2008 	Great Hotel Connected to Mall	We are priority club members, so reservations were easy and we received breakfast with the rate. Nice breakfast included with fresh fruit, hot dishes and personalized service. It's in a new development in Dubai called Festival City. The hotel and it's counterpart, the Intercontinental, is connected to the mall by an indoor walk way. Very convenient in the hot summer months in Dubai. The Crowne Plaza is the furthest, but the Intercontinental seemed to have a lot of conferences and cater to business people. We were checked in very fast and were given an upgrade free. Ordered room service and no problems. Everybody was extrememly efficient. We did have a few problems at the pool due to a lack of an efficient way of identifying hotel residents allowed to use the pool. But management quickly remedied the situation and we kept in mind they are a new hotel. There are two beautiful pools on the 5th floor. The whole development is beautiful and the shopping mall gorgeous. You can't go wrong with this hotel.	
Mar 8 2008	Not quite open yet?	We travelled to Dubai for a fantastic value weekend offer with Virgin last weekend (half price, £350 each) which was too tempting to miss.We were booked in the Crowne Plaza, though having been held outside the hotel for 5 mins (&quot;There's a photoshoot going on&quot;) we were then told to walk across to the sister hotel - The Intercontinental.We had a great stay (see Intercontinental review for more) but beware that these two new hotels are clearly under capacity so are shifting guests around. It wasn't a big problem at all and shouldn't impact your holiday. The initial impression on arrival wasn't great though given the high quality of service on display thereafter.	
Mar 5 2008 	"Great Start"	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza Dubai Festival City for 5 days during the end of February, booked through Virgin Holidays.My wife's and my expectations for the hotel were optimistic at first due to it be being a new hotel in a recent development (It had only been operational for 5 days when we arrived). However to our pleasant surprise the worries soon vanished.We arrived around 5 hours early to there normal check in times of 2pm and they had no problem accomodating us and all the other guests within 15 minutes. The staff were all extremely helpful (over sometimes) and efficient whilst maintaining a smile.The room itself is a very modern designer inspired affair. We had a room overlooking the creek and parts of the marina, duing the day construction can be seen in the near distance but during the night the view was beautiful. The bright lights reflecting off the creek, frequent fireworks displays and what I can only describe as a gigantic rotating disco light coming from the marina is food for the eyes. The kingsize bed was very comfortable and the bathroom unique. There is a glass partition that separates the bedroom and the bathroom so everything is visible. (For those that may deem this inappropriate there is an electronic blind that will cover the entire window) The main shower head is mounted from the ceiling which is quite unique but quite messy as well. Other amenities include movable LCD TV, lights controlled via a central handheld unit that you can take anywhere in the room, compliemntary internet access and phonecalls within Dubai up to a certain amount (Could be an introductory offer though)There is only one restaurant operating in the hotel for the moment with a bar and coffee lounge. The breakfast in the restaurant was fantastic with a huge choice of continental and mediteranean food. However the lack of restaurants is not a problem due to all customers of this hotel being able to use the restaurants of its sister hotel next door the Intercontinental. Also the fact that the hotel is interconnected to the Festival City mall means there are numerous yummy places to eat. (We recommend the Black Canyon (Thai food), excellent value and delicious).The outdoor pool and sunbathing facilities seemed complete and pleasant enough (there was some work still being done to these) For those wanting to mainly frequent the Jumeirah district and all its attractions this may not be the ideal hotel as on average it will take around 40 minutes to get there (Over an hour when there is traffic) Saying that though taxis are reasonably cheap (around £8/9 GBP for the trip between our hotel and Mall of the Emirates)Overall I would say a very good first impression with fantastic service for those looking for a hotel close to the airport, creek and city centre with shopping facilities on your doorstep.	
Feb 27 2008	First visit to Dubai	Visited 21st Feb to 25th Feb 2008Following e-mail from Virgin with an offer for Dubai at a very reasonable cost, my daughter and I decided to try it out.Hotel staff on arrival were very welcoming and despite us arriving early morning after a night flight, thankfully the room was ready.The rooms are spacious with a glass wall between the bathroom and bedroom (blind available when privacy required) with a view over the muddy creek! Unfortuantely there is still a lot of building work at the hotel and Festival City which was not mentioned when we booked.The building work does not affect the bedrooms but if you want to sit outside on the terrace for a coffee then there are several generators underneath. The hotel outdoor pool was not in use yet but we were offered all the facilities of the Intercontinental next door.Overall the hotel staff were lovely and could'nt do enough to make our stay pleasant and the fact that you could walk through our hotel into the Intercontinental and then straight through to the shopping mall was a big plus. On the down side is all the construction going on, so unless like us you get it at a very reasonable cost then stay away from here until construction is finished.	
Sep 3 2009 	super		
