Oct 13 2009 	Suitable for our needs	We stayed at the Minc in Tecom for over one month whilst looking for a permanent apartment. The Minc is situated next to The Greens area and is just behind Sheikh Zayed Road South and opposite Media City. You are a short drive to Mall of the Emirates, the Palm Jumeirah and the Marina area and the Burj Al Arab or Wild Wadi. There is a lot of road construction around but that is Dubai all over. The staff were superb. Donna on reception and Mr Ashok (not sure of the spelling) the Manager were very helpful. The rooms are massive with en-suites and FULLY furnished. The apartments are as big as some UK homes. We are very familiar with Dubai as my husband has worked here on and off for the last 3 years. We had a very long (if slighly narrow) balcony which was superb for drying clothes on the supplied airer - we wanted for nothing. Kitchen was fully equipped and included large clean cooker, microwave and fridge freezer. Great gymn, steam room, sauna and showers. Clean towels supplied also. Shopped for food locally in The Greens (3 min drive) but another local shop will deliver if you spend 50 Dirhams or more and so will Burger King etc.etc. no matter what you spend. Outside pool on ground floor. Free internet connection, a bit slow though. Tell taxi drivers (they don't always know where they are going) that Tecom is next to The Greens and is not to be confused with the Minc in Al Barsha area. Thank you Donna and Mr Ashok for your helpfulness and concern when I took ill and was hospitalised with pneumonia (nothing to do with the hotel), it was greatly appreciated.	
Aug 30 2009 	Friendly 	Front Desk and Bell Service staff are friendly and helpful. Even though the check in time was at 2pm, we arrived at 7am and the staff allowed us to check in without additional charge. Further they allowed us to extend our check out time. Guess we were lucky as the apartments are not fully occupied at that time. The staff were prompt to order cab to take us whenever we requested for one.The apartment is located near the Green, Dubai which is still considered a fairly new place and a lot of the foreign taxi drivers are not familiar with the roads. We are quite lucky it didn't take us long to locate the apartment even though there's lots of high rise buildings everywhere and no specific landmark to spot the hotel apartment. Tip : Remember to bring the contact of the hotel apartment as with the given direction, the cab driver may still be lost.The 2 bedroom apartment is clean, spacious and comfortable. For now Tecom area is still very much under construction hence the area is quite dusty.Overall we are satisfied with our stay in MiNC Hotel Apartments.	
