Apr 22 2009 	Good hotel in great location.	If you are looking to get the real Dubai experience and not a beach resort holiday Landmark plaza is in a excellent location. The hotel provides a good service with clean and spacious rooms. Make sure you get a room with a balcony to experience the beauty of Al Nasser Square. The hotel is just minutes from the bazaars and souks as well as the water front. Taking a cab to and from the airport cost about 30 dirhams and geting to Jumeriah beach cost roughly the same. Diera city centre is a quick 5 minute cab ride costing 5-7 dirhams. Eatting around the hotel is very diverse with plenty of local cheap food (shawarmas) and a McDonalds across the street. The hotel offers air conditioning, fridge with refreshments, tv, tourist information, breakfast and ironing facilities.	
Mar 4 2009 	So central	Very good hotel. Room overlooked Nasser Square and had a view of the Creek. Walking distance to all hotel bars &amp; restaurants, also to the Gold Souk. A courtesy bus was put on to take you to the beach and to collect you.	
Mar 2 2009 	A Good Standard 3 Star Hotel	A good 3star Hotel. apartt from 1 Hiccup over rooms when we arrived it really was to a good standard. the main disadvantage was that a new Metro Station is being built right outside. hardly the Hotels fault. It is central for Shopping with plenty of good Restaurants nearby =even Mc D's opposite and Kentucky next door. Also close to Red Bus Pick up, and the Creek. The room was large with Balcony and clean, with Beds changed daily. As with all over Bath Showers the water does run across the top of the Bath and drip to the floor. You willl reads moans about this, but it is easily remided, just ask the Cleaner for an extra mat and put it on the top of the Bath - no problem. It is a Cosmopolitan Hotel with many Nationalities from Ghanains to Russians. But no worse the thre Hotels in Sharm. We found most of the Russians pleasant people.I would reccomend the Hotel, as long as you are not expecting a Beach Holiday,although there is a Minibus daily to the Beach. You should do the Red Bus Tour lthough fairly expensive at 150aed each(30 pst). the Beach tour is good. One thing to remember it finishes at 5.00pm. You could be left at City Gate with a Taxi ride. Again not expensive about 2pst. Last thing do take the evening trip on the Floating Restaurants which leave from the Creek. At 150aed each it is well worth the money. The Plaza is a good standard 3 Star Hotel - Just dont look for 5 Star surroundings	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Location	Well located to all the major sights.Good value for money. Willingness of staff to be helpful when asked. Electrical fittings (plugs) were very dubious. Also spoilt by one hotel member discouraging us from going to the restauraunt for a cup of coffee, and instead, offering to make us one in th guest;s coffee room instead. This he did, then charged us a higher price than he should have.	
Sep 2 2008 	worst hotel ever stayed in	I stayed at the Landmark for 2 nights on route to thailand,with my husband and three children,I have never written a review before but can honestly say this is the worst hotel i have ever had the misfortune to stay in.Despite having pre booked an early check-in time 8.30 due to a night flight from london,the hotel reception staff had no record of this and could not have been less interested.They made no apologies for the room not being ready but dismissed us to wait in the foyer.We got to our room 1/12 hours later with some very tired children,the room although large was dismal,no windows and dark green.We had interconnecting rooms but on arrival to the room the inter connecting door was locked,we didnt get this key until 10.30 pm!!on returning to our room later that evening ,we found water pouring from the ceiling.On reporting this to reception,a succesion of staff came to look at it and mop the ..floor.The maintenance staff worked in our room for the next 2 hours !!finally leaving at 1.50 am!!They could not offer us another suitable room,and i had to make several phone calls to reception,we were not even offered a drink,until i demanded at least a cup of tea as we were unable to go to bed.A very bad start to our holiday,dont stay here!!	
Apr 5 2008 	Welcome to Russia!	I have just returned from a weekend in Dubai, we wanted to stay central for easy access to the shops. Didn't realise that we would end up in Russia though!! The hotel is above 3 floors of Russian owned shops (including 4 fur coat shops!) The hotel staff all speak Russian and the cooked breakfast items sounded very Russian!!As for the room, that was adequate and yes the shower leaks! Just put some towels on the floor and it's alright. The room was large and clean. The decor was a tad dated, but we didn't spend much time in there so no real bother! The coffee shop was a real winner, fresh juice, decent coffee and proper tea on demand. Plus there was a computer with cheap internet access.The location is outstanding, just one block from the abra station (the boat that goes across the creek to Dubai side). The Gold Souk a five minute walk the other way and plenty of good restaurants in close proximity.In a place where you get where you pay for, this is a decent shopping base for those on a budget.	
Feb 10 2008 	Good Location 	I've read a few negative reviews about the Landmark and so I wasn't sure what to expect!For the money though, the hotel rooms were extremely nice. We had one of the rooms on the 10th floor and even had a view of the river from our balcony. The rooms themselves were spotlessly presented with brand new furniture, fittings and new flooring. There is also a mini bar (no alcohol) which is very reasonably priced. The fridge also gives plenty of space to pop in your own beverages. Most handy.As we were aware, there is a new metro station being constructed outside the hotel. However when we were there the noise generated was no worse than the general street noise.Staff were extremely helpful and polite. No, their english might not be the best but it was good enough to help us with everything we needed. They were very attentive and looked after all our requirements well.A few people have moaned about the breakfast. There was melon, toast, cerial, pastries, cakes as well as the cooked breakfast (which was not the best I must admit). I thought it was perfectly adequate to fill your travelling tummy, but not excellent. Cakes and pastries particularly handy to nick for consumption during the big bus tour!!The bathrooms were a wee bit small, and the shower did indeed leak water all over the floor. However, we simply mopped the floor with our bath mat after each use and found that meant there was no mess. The location of the hotel is absolutely brilliant. Within walking distance to the creek, Gold Souk &amp; Spice Souk. Also convenient for the stop to get you on the big bus tour. I don't think we could have asked for more for the money we paid. The room was cleaned every day to our satisfaction, and we geniunely could not find fault with this place. It'll be even better once the metro is complete. Worth a go for those on a budget.	
Jan 19 2008 	Poor quality room appalling service	We recently had a two night stop over in Dubai, staying at the Landmark Plaza. Based on previous reviews, it was not our first choice (we would have preferred the Riviera or Novotel), but it had availability for both our nights, seemed well-located and was within our price range (which is a challange in Dubai). The experience got off to a bad start, with our Emirates flight from Rome delayed by 5 hours - meaning we didn't check in for our 1st night until 6am on the 2nd day. We were too tired to complain when we got to our room and found it a twin, contrary to the double bed requested. The room was a good size, but poorly maintained and cleaned (with stray hairs on my pillow!). There was noise from the antiquated air con system and nearby building works (as mentioned by previous reviewers). However, the worst aspect of the room was definitely the bathroom, which had a flimsy plastic shower curtain resulting in water all over the floor, no matter how carefully you showered, and a toilet that stuck (ran) each time it was flushed. It was also poorly cleaned, with the floor a mud pie by the 2nd day.While the standard of the room was poor, the standard of service from reception staff was appalling. After grabbing a few hours sleep following our delayed flight, we were keen to see the sights and the Big Bus tour seemed the easiest way to do so. The woman at the hotel's tour desk in the reception area was of no help - vaguely waving us away and telling us that if we went right when we left the hotel and &quot;ask anyone&quot;, we'd find the nearest bus stop for this tour. After a futile search and wasted time, we asked at the Riviera Hotel, where we encountered a completely different atmosphere - polite and helpful staff! The woman on reception there was only too happy to provide us with information on the tour, sell us tickets and have the concierge direct us to the nearest bus stop (they're not sign posted).Back at the Landmark in the evening, we made what we thought would be a simple request at reception to book us a taxi to the airport for our flight the next morning. Again we were greeted with a rude and unhelpful attitude - told it's very difficult to get taxis from the hotel, that it would not be possible to make the booking for us that night, and instead we should ask at reception again in the morning and someone might do it then, but only if we asked before 8am. The next morning, having requested a wake up call for 6.30am, we were then called at 6.45am (whilst in the leaky shower) and told that our taxi had arrived to take us to the airport. Bewildered, we had to cancel this cab, as we were not packed and ready to go. When we checked out at 7.20am, we asked at reception if they could book us another taxi, only to be waved away and told it would be very difficult and to speak to the guys down stairs on the concierge desk. It must be said these guys (particularly the older of the two) were helpful - they told us they'd been asked by reception to reserve our taxi the night before for 6.45am, as it is apparently almost impossible to get a taxi in Dubai after 7am. This would have been fine if someone had actually told us so we could have been ready in time! Eventually the concierge managed to find us a driver (who seemed to be from another hotel nearby) to take us to the airport, which is mercifully a quick trip (around 20 mins at that time of day).As a result of this experience, we have no intention to stop over in Dubai again - it's way over-priced, over-rated (unless you fancy spending your life in shopping malls) and overall unwelcoming.	
Dec 5 2007	Okay Once	I stayed at the Landmark Plaza 3 nights with my mum. We arrived at 8am after a 20 hour flight, and check in is at 2pm. That was fine. We were just going to drop off our bags and have a walk around the area before the jet-lag set in. However, the reception staff advised us that we could check in early, that our room would be ready soon. So we waited, and were basically ignored. Three and a half hours later we were shown to our room. (This was 20 minutes after my mum had a stern word to the reception staff). We had to leave our passports at the front desk – which was a little odd.The room on the top floor was large, clean and cool. There were no windows, but it had an enormous balcony off the room. The balcony didn’t have any views as it was surrounded by high walls. The bathroom was also large, with a bath/shower (water leaked all over the floor no matter how carefully you showered). We had breakfast twice in the restaurant. The buffet was ordinary, but quite adequate. The restaurant staff seemed disinterested in service. There is a great café/restaurant on the opposite side of Al Naseer square called Tavolino. Great fresh juices and shawarma.The hotel is a favourite with Russian tourists. Even the sight-seeing advisor for the hotel is Russian. I asked where the closet stop for the Big Bus Tour was – I was advised ‘Abra Station’. It isn’t. The closest stop is on Baniyas road – directly opposite the Riviera Hotel. (The Big Bus Tour is well worth doing – it gives you a good overview of Dubai). The hotel is located in an interesting part of the city – close to the souqs and the creek. Make use of the abras – the best way to cross the creek. The men in this area do ogle at western females – just dress conservatively and ignore them. We tired to book at the Novotel, Ibis and Riviera hotels but they were fully booked. The Landmark Plaza was our fourth option. The hotel was okay, but next time I will stay somewhere with airport transfers included, and maybe closer to the beach…	
Nov 16 2007 	reasonable for the price	myself and partner stayed for a couple of nights during a brief stop over in Dubai. Firstly, it is more like a 2 star, not 3!!! The location was okay, pretty close to the creek and maybe 10 - 15 mins walk to the gold souk. For the price, the hotel was not bad, the room was fairly large and clean, the air con worked however, our room on the top floor was extremely noisy due to the fan outside for the aircon, plus there is currently a lot of construction directly outside the hotel in Al Nasser square. be very clear on the rate you are charged as we ended up paying about AUD $70 more than the quoted rate through expedia. we found the desk staff fairly rude, although we were able to book the 'big bus tour' through the hotel which I would recommend as an easy way of getting around and inc. a creek cruise (well worth the ticket cost). not terribly impressed with the hotel restaurant and also struggled to find a decent eating establishment within close proximity.that said, I would probably stay there again as unless we win lotto, I dont think we can afford beach front in jumeriah!!!!!!taxi from airport was 30 dirhams (taxi stand just outside exit) and the hotel staff drove us to airport in morning (5am at breakneck speed) but transfer was not included in hotel tarrif.	
Jul 4 2007 	GREAT SERVICE	Myself, my wife and 2 children stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We were picked up at the airport by the hotels representative and all our luggage was carried up to our hotel room for no extra charge. We waited 15mins at the reception for a room because there was an issue with the correct one being available, after 15mins the lady at the reception gave us keys to the penthouse suite. i really couldnt ask for more as I didnt book the penthouse. All the activities were booked from the hotel and the staff were really helpful throughout our stay. The kids loved it.	
May 14 2007	Good for the price	For the price (compared to other hotels in Dubai) this hotel was more than adequate. It was clean, spacious and the staff were helpful. We arrived at 8am and they had our room ready in an hour even though it was advertised to be ready at 2pm so we were very pleased. We were travelling with our 2 children aged 6 and 8 and they put us in a suite room which was very spacious.My 2 daughthers and I had no problems with men staring any more than in any parts of Dubai.	
Feb 25 2007	recommended	Me and my husband stayed at landmark plaza for 14 nights. we were picked up at the airport at 11pm driven to the hotel were our rooms were ready and we ordered a hot meal at 12am with no problems. We booked all our day trips from the hotel which was really good so we were not wondering around to book day trips. the breakfast was adequate. when we were going to check out at the end of our stay we were asked to pay 1000 dirhms -service charge. we were getting late for the airport and i never asked questions. later on the plane i thought service charge for what? the breakfast was inc in the package, we had laundry done 2 times and had about 3 evening meals. i never contacted them but i think i paid someone elses bill. So please ask when any hotel asks for service charge as you check out. otherwise they really looked after us and our friends who visited us during our stay. Shabana	
Jun 29 2006	Great Location reasonable price - recommended	I stayed last week for a few nights at the Landmark Hotel in Dubai and was quite pleased with what I got for the money. The room was spacious, clean and had everything you needed including very effective aircon, TV, I even had a seperate little lounge room although I travelled alone. Bathroom was also clean and spacious - no problems there. The only thing one could complain about was the fact that the room had only one small window and a view of some roofs - but hey, I didn't come there to stay in the room and look out the window. As others have mentioned, the location is great to explore the &quot;old&quot; part of Dubai and the verious Souks. It's only a 5 minute walk to Dubai Creek where you can catch a boat across for pennies. There are also plenty of interesting shops in the area and good cafes where one can get great food at very reasonable prices.I didn't fancy the hotel restaurant much, as you can get better food cheaper within easy walking distance in any direction. Give the Macdonald's and KFC nearby a miss and try some of the local food - it's well worth it. The transfer from the hotel to the airport isn't free, and costs only a little less than a taxi.No one stared at me, even in the pool, but being a big boofy bloke, I'd have been worried if they did. Overall, great location, rather decent room, ok service - better than what I expected for the price, I'd stay there again.	
Apr 29 2006	Ideal!	I stayed in the Landmark for 8 nights and it was perfect. The room was very clean and had aircon/TV/good shower/hairdryer etc. The staff were friendly when spoken to if a little bit shy initially. The Hotel on a whole is not as grand as some of the others in the area but you get what you pay for. I had laundry done and it came back immaculately ironed and cleaned. Had breakfast in bed a couple of times which was delicious, very generous helpings and reasonable. The Hotel has a very nice chinese restaurant and a couple of very good shops. It is situated in the perfect place for the electric shops and is in an ideal location to get taxis to all of the shopping malls and Jumeriah beach. The taxis are very reasonable also. Yes, the men do stare at you but this is not the Hotel's fault! If you feel a bit peckish and want something quick there is a Kentucky Fried Chicken and a MacDonalds within 2 minutes walking distance!!The Hotel has a very good gym and changing rooms and a massage service is also available. The pool is very small but clean and not many people use it so it is ideal for sitting around and reading a book in peace, although as it is on the roof it gets extremely hot but the water is very cool and there is a water dispenser nearby.This Hotel is perfect for the budget traveller and is the best budget Hotel in the area. The Hotel in on par with a travel lodge or similar in Britain. In my opinion I don't think some of the negative reviews on this website are fair as this Hotel is very good for the price. I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 31 2006	It`s O.K	Stayed here for three days and found it an adaquate hotel for the price.We arrived at 6.30 am and had to wait until 8am for a room,which was better than expected as rooms are advertised as not ready until 2pm.Everything was ok,though the rooms were clean and tidy.The only down side,and this isn`t the hotel`s fault is that the men all stare at any women on the streets,a common problem throughout Dubai	
Mar 14 2006	stay away	I am a travel agent and this hotel is a disgrace I have been to lots of hotels in Dubai and around the world and for a western traveler this is not acceptable.The location is awfull full of men staring at women.The street are full of cheap junk shops and resturants that i would never risk my life and eat in.The pool is a joke dirty and full of men again.The hotel smells vile and staff only just converse in basic English ...please do yourself a masive favour and stay somewhere else ...I would suggest the pearl residence.	
Feb 14 2006	Better than expected	Given that it cost only £50 a night in an otherwise expensive location, I was expecting the hotel to be grotty. Quite the opposite. The room was clean, comfortable and of good size, the staff very helpful and the breakfast satisfactory. The hotel is in Deira, the old part of Dubai,not at all touristy, just two blocks from the creek..it's easy to get lost in the winding streets. The hotel is dry, but you can get beer in the adjacent Golden Fork restaurant.	
Feb 2 2006	Good value for money	Me and my wife were very satisfied with the Landmark Hotel; the room was large and airy, cleanliness was up to standard, hotel breakfast was good albeit with not much variety from day to day, and location was excellent and conveniently close to both Deira and Bur Dubai. Gym equipment was adequate although nothing pretentious. We stayed there for 7 nights and consider this hotel as very good value for money.	
Nov 23 2005	Old but central city hotel	The hotel is in need of refurbishment. However, the staff were very friendly and polite, the chamber'men' left the room clean and tidy. The buffet lunch was good value and tasty. Women travellers should note that you get stared at a lot in the hotel vicinity. The location is good for the electronic/gold souks but not if you want to go to the beach, we spent 20-30dhs to go there each way. The rooftop pool was very small and there was no shade. We had a hotel pickup/dropoff at the airport with the only problem locating our driver who was inside not outside.	
Nov 10 2005	Atrocious!	They promise you a pick up at the airport but do not show up. They promise you a very early check in, but you wait for two hours in a ugly lobby where they do not even bother switching on the lights for you. They promise you a wake up call but of course forget about it. The attitude of the staff is atrocious and the rooms definitely not worth it. It is relatively clean but very sad, dark and old. Depressing.	
May 17 2005	Strange combination of positive and negative features	I spent five nights the Landmark Hotel in Dubai - I had booked over the internet and paid in advance to guarantee the good rate.All in all, the service is rather detached and/or nonchalant - I don't know whether this was because I was a single female in that part of the world, or if this is a culture thing. I don't think I received a single smile or even a nod of acknowledgement from any of the hotel staff (apart from housekeeping who were a bit more down to earth). I was running late one morning to catch a tour bus and grabbed a croissant to eat on the trot but was told to put it right back down. So in summary I would suggest they work on their service skills as they are doing the &quot;Dubai hospitality&quot; mission statement a great disservice (no pun intended..)On the other hand, the location was very handy as it was located right in the centre of things in Deira which was extremely handy for the Gold souk among others and to see regular Dubaians (not the Jumeirah Janes) in the hustle and bustle of everyday life.Strangely enough, the rooms were very adequate - almost like a Holiday Inn.Oh and another thing, they hold on to your passport from when you check in till when you leave. I hadn't noticed and went into a mad panic thinking I had lost it!	
Apr 9 2005	Avoid!!	I stayed at the Landmark Plaza Hotel for 1 night only ( but before I stayed 5 nights at the Ibis World trade center where I had a great stay and good value for money as they were fully booked for the last night we had to move to the Landmark Plaza Hotel).This hotel is located in the old area of Diera in Dubai, a very crowded area where all men seems they never have seen a lady before. the staff at the hotel treat us like a dirt, even we checked in at 8:20 pm we have to wait half an hour for the room to be ready, even though They promis that the rooms will ready at 3pm.The room was very big and clean, but many thing were missing in the room.( no toilet paper Etc....)Well breakfast was a waste of time I should have stayed in bed, and waiters charge us an extra 5 Dirham for a Glass of Water (Still don't know why but I didn't want to argue for so littel), I must say that the only helpfull staff was a the gym attend very friendly person.If you are looking to stay at this hotel think twice, My last word about this hotel AVOIDHicham	
Mar 28 2009 	Non male..		
Nov 3 2008 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Mar 28 2006	Günstige aber nicht berauschende Alternative in Dubai		
