Nov 16 2009 	Another great experience	Just returned from another business trip to Dubai, stayed at Ramada Dubai for the third time - another great experience....everybody in this hotel is service orientated from Reception, the Old Vic Restaurant and Pub, Breakfast Resaurant ( I forget the name ) all the way through to the Rumours Night Club, nothing is too much trouble and everybody is extremely friendly. The entertainment, both in the Old Vic Pub ( duo who have been there a few years now ) and Rumours ( excellent band ) mean that you never need to leave the hotel in the evening. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will always stay there when travelling to Dubai.	
Oct 31 2009 	Will come back!	I stayed here for two nights last week. Reached DXB early morning at around 230 am and was greeted by the hotel driver at the airport. The driver was very efficient and helped with the luggage. Had a very smooth checkin. Was in the room within few minutes. The rooms I think are their differentiator. Split level and very spacious. Big plasma TV, Comfortable bed and Complimentary fruits and Mineral water.Other plus is that almost everyone knows its location. I conducted few business meetings in the hotel lounge cafe and it was easy for my guests to reach there.The silver lining was in the end. Checkout was smooth, the front office guy allowed me to use his phone to make couple of local calls. And the bellboy was enterprising enough to seek me out while I was waiting in the cafe, informed me about the arrival of the hotel van for the airport drop and loaded my luggage very efficiently.Overall the staff was very well trained-this hotel deserves to be rated 5 star. I'm going to make this my regular hotel in dubai. Hope they dont increase their prices after the refurbishment!	
Oct 30 2009 	An AMAZING place	We booked it online and got an amazing deal. At first, we were thinking that it would probably be a typical 3 - start considering the price that we got. Once we arrived in Dubai, we called for shuttle and surprisingly the driver was already there waiting for us in arrivals. It's about a 15-20 minute ride to and from the airport and the shuttle is complimentary. The service if amazing!! we had rented 2 rooms and wanted them side by side.. we were given 2 rooms both side by side with a inter-connecting door. This was a good feature because it was like having one apartment so we did not have to go in and out of the main door. The staff was so friendly that i cannot even begin to comment any furthur. I have never received such friendly service ever before. And belive me, i am not exagerating.. its the truth.. from managment to concierge .. service at all levels was beyond our expectations. Location was pretty good.. taxi's were readily available at all times.. the hotel is located in a busy area.. so you can step out as late as you like and feel safe... cleanliness was again beyond my expectations and the rooms were just WOW.. it was definately a 4+ star... just reaches shy of a 5 star.. only downfall is that there was a fee for using wi-fi of about 35 dhirams or something. Would i stay there again? YES!!! WITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT!!	
Sep 26 2009 	very good deal - needs refurbished	I'm just back from a couple of nights here, which I managed to get amazingly cheap through the internet. Apparently they are refurbishing the hotel at the moment but we hardly noticed it. What I would say is that the first night we arrived the room had a pretty bad smell of stale smoke and the bedcovers seemed rather damp. The room was huge and nicely furnished however and the smell was gone by the following day. I would recommend that the hotel maintains a non-smoking policy as this could put off many guests who like complaining about things or who paid a lot of money for it.The hotel is located in Bur Dubai, which is the old town centre but a taxi ride away from the big malls and most attrcations (inc. the beach). This is not much of a probelm though as taxis are very easy to come by and are very cheap.Dubai seems to be suffering in general though, apparently due to this credit crunch, so the roads are far less busy than before. My final advice would be that if you get as good a deal as I did, book yourself in here and you'll be very pleasantly surprised. If you have to pay full price then don't bother.Also, don't even think about ordering room service as the prices are mental, even for a 4 star hotel. (If you think £7 is okay for onion rings then go for it!)	
Aug 17 2009 	Good value room for improvement	Good: many small shops, a 24-hour supermarket and pharmacy within 5 min walk. The Bur Juman shopping center is a 10 min walk and will soon (Sept 09) contain a Metro station. Room layout feels spacious, thanks to split-level for the bathroom and entrance. Fast and reliable internet (e.g. 3 Mb/s connection to Qatar). Friendly and competent service staff.Room for improvement: The check-in and check-out experience was slow to the point of being laborious. Not up to the same service levels as the rest of the staff. Comparable to 3-star hotels, whereas other aspects of the hotel would qualify as 4-star or 5-star.Fitness center is reasonably sized but needs a refresh to the Nautilus-era cardio equipment. Closes at 10pm when the attendant leaves. Other Dubai hotels (even cheaper ones) provide 24h gym access via room key, useful with late-night DXB arrivals and departures. This is the one thing that may stop me from staying here regularly.Internet is charged by the day, but the authentication system forces you to login every time the computer is restarted or the browser closed. It should be sufficient to login once, then again when the time has expired. During an extended stay, typing the login code 5 times a day gets old quickly.Not sure if this is good or bad, but housekeeping seems determined to service the room even if the 'do not disturb' sign is present. On the plus side, their repeated phone calls inquiring about service can double as a wakeup call.	
Jun 22 2009 	A pleasant stay at Ramada	Is a well located business hotel with very spacious rooms. The rooms are in 2 levels giving it a larger look. Each room is neatly done. The staff is very courteous and ensure a pleasant stay.The hotel boasts of a selection of restaurants - one should try out the chinese restaurant especially. The breakfast buffet is well set and offers good selecetion for a cross section of guests. A visit to the night club on the premise is relaxing.In walking distance of the hotel are both Choitram &amp; Spinneys - the supermart chains which remain open till late nite. A number of eating options exists in a 1km radius of the hotel. Most of the city is accessible at short distances from the hotel.	
May 11 2009 	Good Value for money	Not too costly, nor too cheap, with an ambience similar to any in the UAE, it is good enough to compete with the best, especially the tasty Shorma Kababs. A few reminders &amp; interaction with hotel reservations was a bit irritating but did sort out finally. It is always better to confirm before you leave your country or else schedules go topsy turvy.	
May 6 2009 	A very nice hotel	Clean, friendly staff and unique rooms and layout of the hotel , but that whats Dubai is all about, the bar is full of Dubai stuff and those travels who have been to Dubai kow what I mean, short walk or cab ride to everthing.	
Apr 29 2009 	Good value for money deal	I arrived at the Hotel from Abu Dhabi. The difference was striking. The ambience,quality and bouquet of service was very good. The location was also pretty convenient with a market and departmental store located close by.	
Apr 20 2009 	Not a great place	I spent a few days at Hotel Ramdad. The hotel is situated in Bur Dubai and very close to Gold Market in Dubai. The hotel is magnificent and good service. But there are also much better option available in Dubai. It is centrally located and very close to market area but its very far from the famous and affordable shopping malles. The only mall that is close to Ramada is Burjman. The pool is lovely, but not as big as you find in other hotels in Dubai.Overall I would say this is not the best hotel in Dubai but if you want to close to creek area and see market area, its better choice. Perhaps not the most convenient if all you want to go to theme parks/malls.	
Apr 18 2009 	nice place to relax	The hotel is in the heart of the city, very spacious rooms, great food, nice pool and a gym.good hospitality and they remember you if you go there frequently.washrooms are huge with bath tubs and all rooms ahve king size beds.i loved the place	
Mar 23 2009 	You cant go wrong with Ramada	Had a short trip to Dubai recently, stayed at this Hotel, which was booked through the net.Airport pickup service was friendly and prompt, despite calling two hours earlier notifying the hotel that my flight had been cancelled and will be delayed by two hours.Approximately 15mins from airport. Small drive through, with acceptable Lobby nicely furnished. There was a some shops attached in the lobby. Advise for one of the shops, selling watches, is to know your stuff before buying, otherwise, the man will bleed you dry. He was trying to sell me a 80dirham watch for 1100dirham???.There was, I think a bar, a bistro, a lounge, a japanese restuarant, a chinese restuarant, and of course the normal, spa, gym etc.Counter staff was friendly, responsive and efficient. Got to stayed at the top fllor, tenth floor. The room appears to be a junior suite, overlooking the city in two views. Nice, big, new and spacious. Payiing the price of a four star hotel for a five star rooom.There was a three seater sofa, a single sofa, a coffee table, two single beds, a study table and chair, and a mini bar.Unfortunately, the counter staff did mentioned that there were upgrading works ongoing, of which I did occassionally hear some noise, but to no grief matter, however.Papers, complimentary water was provided daily. Internet is 75dirham/24 hours, a rippoff.Breakfast was so and so, but with a lot more variety than I would have expected for a four star hotel. The dinner at the Chinese restaraunt, Dynasty, was good.Except for the occassional rings to my door for service which I do not require, I would have given the hotel five stars. or was it forgot to put the no disturb sign???All in all, I enjoyed my stay, and would come back again, being its great locations to electronic shops, and its service and great quality.	
Mar 8 2009 	Service Miscues Mar Otherwise OK Hotel	Had to make a quick trip to Dubai and I wanted a lowkey hotel near the airport - business meeting to be held elsewhere. Slowdown has meant low occupancy hotels and increased competition (although 5 star hotels still hanging tough). Picked the Ramada for location and &quot;name&quot; brand identity.Hotel offered complimentary pick up at the airport, and I was impressed with their competitive spirit. Alas, the hotel driver was no where to be found on 8 PM arrival, so I took a taxi to the hotel.The usual &quot;gangster&quot; looking low lifes were hanging around the front forecourt, but check-in was courteous and prompt. Room was previously mentioned &quot;bi level&quot; arrangement, decorated nicely and with good working area. Watch out for the tiled entry - it's very slick.Broadband worked well although very pricey at Dhs. 75/day. Hotel completely missed the requested wake up call. Fortunately, jet lag took care of that.Hotel agreed to late (4 PM) check out. Why wouldn't they? Most of the hotels are pretty empty at the moment.	
Jan 4 2009	just brilliant	We have just returned from the brilliant Ramada. The service was absolutely superb, the restaurants excellent and the room delightful. We recommend this to all travellers to Dubai as it has some of the best staff [ from Management to concierge] anywhere. A really lovely place to stay - book it now !	
Jul 10 2008 	No Frills but good	Our room was split level with the higher level for entry, wardrobe &amp; bathroom and on the lower level was the bedroom with a sofa, tv on a turntable, twin beds, mini bar, tea &amp; coffee maker. The bathroom had a tub as well as shower and the water pressure was good. There was complimentary fruit bowl, bottled water and newspaper delivered to the room everyday. The buffet breakfast had a nice enough selection specially the croissants and fresh juices. The staff was polite, courteous and helpful particularly the Sri Lankan chap in charge of the coffee shop.The hotel is renovating so be sure to ask for rooms on the 9th floor or above. It was noisy at times but not too much and since we were out most days it didn't really affect us. The only negative that comes to mind is that some of their staff cannot speak English properly resulting, at times, in miscommunication.Ramada is a perfect place to stay if you are on a business trip but if you are on vacation and want to be near the beach then this is not the place for you.	
Feb 13 2008 	Not too bad for the desert	I was a bit reluctant before I booked the room here because it is a Ramada. This is a very nice hotel, with relatively friendly staff. The rooms, that are the suites, are very nice and huge for a room in Dubai. The breakfast was nice but after 10 days there became a bit tiresome. We had pizza one night in the restaurant in the center of the main lobby behind the elevators and it may have been the worst pizza I have ever had, and I eat pizza all over the world. There is a considerable amount of construction in the area around the hotel, but as you venture out the entire city is under construction. Traffic is horrible so give yourself more then enough time to get anywhere, except on Friday. Friday is a holy day and no one is out although everything is still open. I did have a problem with the dry cleaning at the hotel when I sent 2 long sleeve Tommy Bahama shirts to be cleaned and pressed. 3 buttons on one shirt and 2 on the other were snapped in half. The front desk immediately called housekeeping to find out what happened and they told the guy at the desk that the machines do that. I didn't find that an acceptable answer, and there was no effort to do anything about my $200.00 USD in shirts that now have no buttons in some areas. There is a nightclub in the hotel called Rumors, and although I never went in, there was plenty of hookers wandering the hotel at all hours of the evening coming from rooms and out of the elevators. The city is not at all sleazy or dangerous, and crime is just not tolerated as far as I can tell.	
Jan 15 2008 	Sweet Memories	We took our winter vacation at Dubai this holiday season. We were there from Dec'29 till Jan'02 2008.I was recomended the hotel by some friends, who have stayed there &amp; came back relatively happy.After having booked the property directly throught the hotel website, i looked around the net for some reviews...most of the reviews had some pleasant stuff to report but some of the reviews lead me to be weary of the experience to follow.After having returned from Dubai, i thot it was only fair for me to clear the air for prospective travellers scouting for hotel options in Dubai.Ramada, located in Bur Dubai, is supposedly a 4 star property, but is nothing short of being a 5star property. We were absolutely thrilled with our experience of having chosen Ramada.The rooms were big, well appointed, comfortable, modern &amp; well equipped. The service was great. House keeping was good. The restaurant selection is tremendous. The breakfast was awesome with a vast range of American, Continental &amp; Asian selections.The pool was neat, but small.The price was affordable.I would love to go back to stay again &amp; would highly recommend the experience to fellow travellers looking for a upper mid range property.Hope my feed back is helpful. :-)	
Jan 12 2008 	Solid choice; great locatoin	First of all, the hotel is in a great location if you have business or a tourist in Bur Dubai. The hotel is within walking distance from a number of shops, restaurants, etc. Taxis are outside the hotel, easy to get.Reception was smooth and efficient. I stayed in one of the split level rooms. The upper level had a sofa, chairs, and coffee table. Fruit bown on arrival was a nice touch. There is a tv on a turntable that can be viewed from the sofa or bedroom ( below).The bedroom had a comfortable king size bed, armoir and desk/chair. All fairly nice.The bathroom was medium sized, and had a tub and a separate shower, which was a nice touch.I did not use the pool or other fitness centers.The coffee shop and sitting area were about average. There is a nice pub, Old Vics, that has a nice selection of refreshments. Beware of the nightclub/disco: it is full of working girls. Not the place to take your wife/girl.Overall, a good hotel which is suitable for a business stay or for tourists who are interested in the Bur Dubai area.	
Mar 25 2007 	Ramada - Sensible choice for business traveller	I've stayed twice at the Ramada, and found it quite pleasant and no-nonsense. It is not a fancy upscale luxury hotel. But it is located well, and has a good breakfast. Internet is AED 75 for a full day. I paid something like AED 1000 per night (or a little more). Everything works. Bathrooms are small but nice. There's a queue for taxis. Leaving early for work is a good idea if you don't want to wait for taxis at 8:30 a.m.I clicked some photos, so instead of typing more, I'll let the photos do the talking.	
Feb 24 2007 	great!	I have been to Dubai a couple of times now and I was in the Ramada 3 times now. The Ramada is one of the best places to stay if you are there for business. The location is great - shopping centers and restaurantes are in walking dustance. To the creek you can walk withinh 10 - 15 minutes. Big room with split level (higher level for entry and bathroom, lower level bedroom), mini bar, tea &amp; coffee available. Complimentary paper &amp; bottled water each day. Good selection buffet for breakfast is included. The staff is extremely helpful &amp; courteous.The hotel has a good Gym and a nice swimming pool (not to big, but ok).I would highly recommend the Ramada Dubai	
Nov 18 2006 	stincky	we stayed in the ramada for one night, coming back from oman. The whole experience was awfull. The reception had lost our booking order, and they were desperatelly trying to sell their cheap and smelly chinese restaurant. The room smelled terrible. In the beginning, we were really wonderring if there was a fast food the next door. The pool on the roof was not so clean, and was invaded by the staff children, having fun and jumping all over the place as from 7 pm. The chinese restaurant, desperatelly empty, smelled awfull even six floors behind. Horrible.	
Nov 3 2006	Great Hotel	I go to Dubai alot and the past 5 times i have been to Dubai, i have selected Ramada Dubai. Its location is perfect for people who are visiting and do not have a car, or does not want to rent a car. You will always find a cab parked outside the hotel. The resturants are great, and you have plenty of choices of resturants near the hotel if you chose. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. If you request something from them, they will bring it to you right away, alot faster than other hotels. I really dont want to sound like i am doing a commercial for them, but this is one hotel that i liked and would recommend for anyone going to Dubai, specially first timer.	
Mar 16 2006	Excellent Hotel in great area	After reading a lot of posts about hotels in Dubai + the Emirates Dubai stop over selection we decided on the Ramada &amp; we were not disappointed. Great location in the computer/electrics area of Dubai. Lovely spacious rooms split level with lounge area on higher level to the bed &amp; bathroom. The bathroom even had two seperate showers. Even a choice of pillows ranging from very soft to quite firm. Mini bar with tea &amp; coffee available.Complimentary paper &amp; bottled water each day. Good selection buffet breakfast was included in our rate which we organised directly through the hotel. Staff were all extremely helpful &amp; courteous. Across from the hotel was a great little shopping centre with restaurants, mens &amp; ladies clotjhing stores, a dry cleaning outlet if you find the hotel laundry service a bit to expensive centre kiosks that sell watches, bags, sunnies etc etc there is also a McDonalds if needed. Across the other road (The Ramada is on a corner)is a convenience store &quot;Spinneys&quot; catering for all your needs along with banks, medical centres &amp; restaurants. Within easy walking distance is the &quot;Indian area&quot; where you can purchase beautiful materials &amp; elaborate jewellery. Computer &amp; electronic shops abound in the area close to the hotel.We would highly recommend the Ramada Dubai	
Nov 12 2009 	Bon hôtel mais piscine hors-service et personnel pas très aimable		
