Nov 15 2009 	Very good value nice clean rooms friendly staff but a bit hard to find.	I stayed at the Najd for 4 nights, Nov 09, in a double room apartment, which was really comfortable with a nice bedroom, toilet/washroom, lounge area and a well equipped kitchen. Traditional furnishings throughout the hotel which are bright, clean and pleasant. Roof top pool is good, although only 4 loungers and mostly construction views. Nice gym too. Staff are really nice and helpful. I paid £65 a night, incl breakfast, which I thought was really good value for Dubai. It would have been same price even for 2 people. A couple of times I asked for bottled water and there was no charge.There is a little supermarket, turn right out of hotel and about 150 yds on left had side.The only downsides (and they weren't showstoppers) were: 1) the huge amount of contsruction going on around the hotel, 2) apart from Mall of Emirates, there wasn't much within walking distance to do or see, 3) taxis don't know where the hotel is and keep getting lost - on this point, make sure and get a location map from the hotel to show taxi drivers. Things that were good in Dubai:1. the Atlantis Hotel, especially the Aquaventure Waterpark (and try the new monorail - you can get on at the Atlantis and do a return journey over the 3 stops, which allows you to see the hotel from a great angle on the return journey - takes about 45mins all in.2. Mall of The Emirates - if you like shopping3. Trader Vics , restuarant at the Madinat Jumeriah ( a marina, Souk and food place all in one - really nice)4. La Veranda restauarnt in grounds of Palm Jumeriah hotel. Just walk through hotel lobby and out back.	
Nov 13 2009 	Everything needs to be clarified with them before you go	I was there with my family for GITEX in Oct'09. They promised free internet but on enquiry they said signals are available freely but you have to pay to use them !!! After lot of discussion they relented. Free shuttle to exhibition grounds was included but as per them free shuttle means only drop. Pickup is chargeable !!! Discounts to Wild wadi were included but on enquiry they said the discount coupons are finished. The furnished apartments were good but the kitchen had few utensils. Lot of construction area going on in the vicinity and hence lot of noise.	
Nov 6 2009 	good price central location clean rooms	I stayed at Najd with a friend for 2 nights. It was really close to the Mall of Emirates. Just 5 mins walk away. The rooms are small but clean and comfortable with a small bathroom, kitchen and lounge. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They have a pool and sauna which is free to use however I din't have time to try. The only handicap was the ongoing constructions around the hotel. Actually, in Dubai it is full of constructions everywhere. The district was very safe to go out at night etc. I'd recommend this place for anyone who is planing a short stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	cheap and cheerful	at the Najd,quite a newish hotel/apartments,clean but small rooms,lounge and diner and bedroom with dresser,I chose a room overlooking Mall of Emirates,great view of Burj Al Arab and the new Metro system,a 2 minute walk from Najd to the metro station,the metro takes you to the airport,a very new and spotless mode of transport,the Najd crew/staff are very much on the ball with regards to travel and whats on around Dubai,the rooftop pool is small ;60 to 2 meters but swimmable clean and shaded,the surrounding's are still under construction hotels and apartments but pool not overlooked by other hotels,complimentary bottles of water and tea and coffee.breakfast served in your apartment at an extra cost but if self catering small shop on corner or a large supermarket in the Mall of Emirates...Mall of Emirates for shops,cafe's,restaurants and metro oh and a very large ski slope...the Najd is a clean and homely,cheap and cheerful and home from home,will certainly return there on my next trip.	
