Sep 3 2009 	Great for Families with Kids	We came to Dubai as part of our 10th wedding aniversary, and we decided to take the kids along with us. We also stayed at the Royal Meridien and Atlantis hotels during our stay. Jumeirah beach was the second hotel on our trip and we had high expectations having just come from the excellent Le Royal Meridien. Check InWe arrived an hour before normal check in (14:00) and were told we had to wait for a room. There are complimentary snacks and tea etc available whilst you wait. 15 minutes later we were told our room was available and we could check in. I noticed some people had been waiting considerably longer (hours) then this. I had mentioned that it was our 10th anniversary and because of this we found that we had been upgraded to the Club executive room on the 18th floor.RoomThe room was nice without being excellant and quite spacious and they had layed out an extra bed for the kids. Bathroom had a bath, seperate shower, sink, toilet and bidet and some very nice toiletries. The best thing about the room for me was the fantasic view. The windows are enourmous and you get a beautiful view of the Burj and the beach, pools etc. One downside is that we did not have a balcony to dry out wet swim suits etc. TV has lots of channels available and there is also a sofa and dressing table. Wireless Internet access is free of charge.Room ServiceWe were quite hungry when we arrived and decided to test out the room service. We found that for children under 5 all food and beverages were free. Which was fantastic as our little one (2) is very fussy at eating and for next five days we would feed him in the room free of charge before we went out for dinner. The kids meals were also of an excellent quality and reasonably priced at 40 Dhirams. Adult food is quite expensive compared to resturants outside but looks favourable compared to other hotels in the area. They also provided us with a high chair for the room which we kept throughout our stay and warm milk for him every morning and evening which was great. They even provided us with a DVD player so the kids could watch their favourite programs whilst they ate ! great service.There is a Safe, Iron etc available and we had gowns and slippers provided as well.Mineral water bottles were left in our room every day, which we found very useful due to the heat during the day.House KeepingRooms were made twice a day and my kids always looked forward to the evening chocolates that were left on our beds. They even left Milky bars for them, which they really enjoyed.They would come and clean our room after the kids had eaten and even washed the babies milk bottles for us and returned them every day.As we did not have anywhere to dry our clothes they even took our clothes to hang outside and returned them when they were dry, very nicely packaged and folded at no extra charge.A plate of fruit was provided on a daily basis which was also very nice.BreakfastWe had breakfast every day at the Latitude restaurant, which seems to offer the most variety. You can also eat at two other restaurants in the hotel. Our first day experience was very poor as we had to Queue for nearly 25 minutes before we got a table. There were clearly tables available, so I am not sure why there was such a delay. After this we ensured we came down early for breakfast and did not experience any problems. There is a very very large selection of food available at breakfast and it all is off a good standard. There is also a small kids section which was useful for us as we would feed the kids first and then send to play and then have our breakfast in peace ! The kids area also has seperate dishes made specially for kids. Wild WadiEntrance to the water park is through the hotel. Towels are provided and you can transfer cash onto your wristband for use whilst at the park, which I found very useful. The park was open till 8pm daily and we visited every day in the afternoons. The kids play area is fantastic and very stricltly supervised. which was very good to see, there are lifeguards everywhere. The main water slides in the park are excellant and highly enjoyable. You can buy food in the park which is off a good quality and very reasonably priced.Pools BeachThere are five pools at the hotel - family, kids, leisure, executive, laps. Unfortunately the kids pool was being renovated at the time so we used the family and leisure pools. Both of which were excellent and strongly supervised. The hotel has a policy that you cannot come down early and reserve a sunbed for more than 30 minutes, so we generally found places were we could sit. We also really enjoyed the free ice lollies that came around every afternoon.The beach is very clean, but was obvioulsy very hot in August, so generally was not very busy. The water is very hot, clean and also very salty. There are fantastic views of the Burj al arab from everywhere on the beach.You can also visit the Burj al Arab during specific times in the day, which is worth it just for the view from the sky view cafe ! We didn't think we could go to a better hotel after our earlier stay at the Royal Merdien, but we certainly found that Jumeirah Beach hotel matched and in some instances bettered it. We found the rooms in Royal Merdien of a much higher quality and the service was much faster. Even though the service at Jumeirah Beach was Excellant and we would definitely return to the hotel if we went back to Dubai. They really need to work on reducing the cost of the food, it is much much cheaper to eat outside the hotel. Emirates Mall is 5 minutes away by Taxi (10 dhirams) and there are loads of reasturants there at more than half the price.	
Apr 16 2009 	Wonderful!!!	We spent 2 nights here on our trip to Dubai and loved every minute, we had a lovely large room with a fantastic view of the Burj Al Arab. All staff were helpful and friendly and they even offered to take you around the complex on golf buggies which made us very lazy! We spent an afternoon at the attached wild wadi water park which was good fun. We didn't visit any of the restaurants but did have drinks in a couple of the bars. I would rate this as the best hotel I have ever stayed in!	
May 28 2007	Outstanding and Exceptional	The property is absolutely beautiful; we loved all the traditional Arabic accents and decorations as well as the comforting environment in the room. We were able to fully &amp; completely relax while at our villa and at the beach. We were so comfortable and relaxed we didn’t even worry about locking our doors while we were out or locking up our cameras while we swam in the ocean. Not having to worry about the little things, made a big difference to our trip. There are so many examples of the Beit Al Bahar and the Jumeriah Beach Hotel staff ensuring we didn’t have to worry or think about anything. The only time we really had to think, was when we tried to decide where to eat at the many fantastic Jumeriah International restaurants! The Beit Al Bahar staff was always so kind and helpful and they truly anticipated our needs, sometimes before we even knew what our needs were! One afternoon after a day on the beach, we were in our villa debating going to get a light snack as we didn’t have dinner reservations until 10pm. Literally, during this discussion, our doorbell rang and the villa staff brought us afternoon tea. This was completely unexpected and was appreciated for many reasons – anticipating our needs, a light snack and most importantly – a traditional experience. When we sadly left Dubai, the item which stood out from our trip the most was the people. Every single person we interacted with was extremely friendly, kind and helpful. We have never been surrounded by such hospitality and such wonderful people! We have stayed at other “The Leading Hotels of the World”, while they all live up to a higher standard; the Jumeriah Beach Hotel exceeds this standard.	
Oct 27 2006 	Outstanding	This is a very good hotel, indeed. I have stayed here on 2 occasions now.I was met at the airport, (before customs) and whisked through a fast track, helped with luggage and then in the Mercedes to the hotel.Reception is small, but perfect and intimate.The style is Polynesian, rooms are all-suite and spread about in blocks of 4. You can walk, or get taken in a golf buggy. Rooms, or suites as they are, are very nice, tasteful, well furnished, a small private garden area and private sun loungers.Great, big bathroom.Gardens are well maintained, lush, and give excellent privacy.2 pools to choose from, one suits kids, one better for grown ups. Both are excellent.The private beach is near perfect, white (combed) sand, clear, clear water, warm sea to swim in. Service on the beach is excellent, food, light lunch, drinks.Breakfast is superb, sit outside or in air conditioned comfort. Great food and service.Plenty for kids and sporting type, tennis, dancing, jet-ski, swim, gym is fantastic.Poolside bar is great, good service and choice. In the evening I had a drink on the beachside pizza restaurant, watched the sun go down. Super!One or two areas are looking (very slightly) in need of a refurb, but overall this is a genuine 5 star.Management and staff are excellent.Stay again: Yes, please!	
Jun 14 2006	Jumeirah Beach Club - Paradise Suite	A very enjoyable stay in Dubai.On arrival at Dubai airport (DXB) JBC took their time to find us our private transfer. In the end it was in a clapped out Chrysley Voyager (for the three of us!)When we arrived at the club the two Junior Suites we had paid for were not available. This added to the mess up with transfer meant we were upgraded to one of the two Paradise Suites.The Paradise Suite was enormous. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms with jacuzzi/shower, an extra WC and a vast living area. In the living area we had our own bar with nespresso machine.We had panoramic views of our private garden which was enclosed by a 3 foot high hedge. Below and beyond the hedges was the JBC beach.As we are not fans of the Beach we spent much of our time in our garden, lieing in the hammock etc.A superb stay. Although on reflection I would not have paid the ridiculous rate for the paradis Suite!	
May 3 2006	Fantastic hotel!!!	Spent just over a week at the JBC with my family (including girls 6 and 2). Rooms were luxurious and quite large. Beach and pools were great. Family pool was perfect for small children. Spa was fantastic and a great value. Overall a great experience. What made it one of the best resorts I have ever experienced was the staff. All of the staff were among the friendliest i have ever come across. We never had to ask twice and often didn’t have to ask at all. Highly recommend this property.	
Oct 21 2005	Excellent for families couples children......	Previous visits to Dubai were before we had 2 children - at the time of our holiday - a 7 mth old and two year old. The facilites in this hotel were excellent and we had a relaxing time throughout, we stayed for 10 days. We went in May and it was a bit too hot sometimes during the day but the hotel was pleasantly air conditioned, we were offered cooling face towels regularly whilst on the private beach or by one of the pools and you could easily order water or cool drinks. Children had their own shaded paddling pool and a larger pool which was large enough for families to join in and was located beside a small childrens play area (note - this would have been better if a bit bigger with more equipment) but it kept our 2 yrd old occupied. The service was very good and you didnt have to ask more than once for anything, the staff were all very pleasant and courteous and all in all we had a great time. The beach was very clean as was our room and other areas of the hotel, meals were good but not as high standard as I had expected but still above average and more than adequate. The room was very large with nice decor and a very good sized balcony which was ideal for drying swim suits (a couple of minutes in the heat and they were ready to wear again!). The style of the rooms was simple and nothing too brash or gaudy looking (as in some other Dubai hotels), the bathrooms had double sinks and a large whirlpool tub with power shower and complimentary toiletries, slippers and bathrobes for that extra bit of luxury. I would recommend this hotel and hope you have as good a stay as we did.	
Mar 2 2005	The best ever!	Just got back from a weeks stay at this resort and I must say that this was our best holiday ever and cannot wait to return, staff was excellent, food was excellent, facilitys excellent and so was everything else!! What more can I say!! A MUST!!	
Feb 27 2005	Fantastic Resort	Stayed in Dubai for the first time in June and was recommended the Jumeriah Beach Club as a great place to stay. I have to say that this was not wrong. The hotel is in a great location on Jumeriah Beach and consists of just 50 villas, so you never feel crowded or overwhelmed. The accomodation is spacious and luxourios and great value for money. The beach felt almost deserted when we were there and the ratio of staff to guests is high enough to ensure that whenever you need something, someone is there to help you. Great for couples, although if I was taking my family I would stay at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel up the coast, due to the close proximity of Wild Wadi, which kept me amused for hours. Overall a fantastic hotel, with world class sporting facilities and a very good spa on site and great food. ***** stars!!	
Jun 30 2008	Wunderschönes Hotel ohne zu abgehoben zu sein		
