Feb 19 2009 	Find somewhere else this place was horrible!	Dirty, loud, I was solicited, the pool was discusting, and the workout facility not safe nor recommended to go near.I agree, if you go to Dubai, spend a bit more and live it up!	
Dec 30 2008 	Find somewhere else to stay!	If I ever return to Dubai, I will not be staying at a budget hotel. I think the only way to enjoy Dubai is to live it up! It's supposed to be a rich new city and yet the Karama Hotel is in a dodgy area and is anything but new! Our room was quite spacious, but the bathroom smelled and there never seemed to be enough toilet paper! The lifts are tiny and you have to wait ages for them. We walked to the Bur Juman centre, which is about a 20 minute walk. There is also 'Spinneys', which is a chain of supermarkets. I don't think there is much else in walking distance from the hotel except a dodgy looking supermarket 5 minutes from the hotel. Everytime we left our hotel we saw hungry cats trying to find food, which was very sad. We found the tour desk operator quite frustrating. We couldn't get a straight answer and found it very difficult to understand him. We asked how to get to the Burj Al Arab and he told us we could go on the hotel shuttle bus. We asked if we could book it for the next day as we had a booking at the Burj for afternoon tea. They didn't want to take our booking, we had to come back the next day. We arranged the next day that we would be ready to go about an hour before our booking at the Burj. When we were ready to go, we were told that they had booked a taxi for us. It was no big deal, it was just a little frustrating that we weren't told thats what they were going to do. I noticed that they are very casual about everything. It's probably my fault, but I like to be organised and know what is planned and when for, whereas in this hotel, there doesn't seem to be much organisation like that. We ended up booking our other trips online. It seemed easier than trying to talk to the tour desk person. There is internet at the Karama. I think it was 6 dirhams for 15 minutes, which is quite expensive. We only ate once at the Karama. We just had a dinner at the cafe, it was nice enough, but I am glad we didn't have breakfast there. We found a nice place near Spinneys that was open. Most places don't seem to be open until 10, which is annoying for tourists who want to get going early (when its not so hot).One thing I will say is don't waste your money on the Hop On Hop Off Bus. Complete rip-off at 200 dirhams per person!! You can't possibly see everything in one day. They advertise that your ticket is valid for 24 hours, but by the time we got picked up on the bus, it was 20 past 10, as the first bus leaves at 10 and then we had to be back on the bus by 3 in order to get back before the bus stops running! We barely spent an hour at the Mall of the Emirates before we had to get back on the bus in order to get back in time. We had no chance to get to the free boat ride on the creek that was included in the ticket. There are two different buses, the red line and the blue line and there is no way you can do both lines, so you have to pick what you want to see most. You are better off getting taxis and it will be much cheaper!	
Oct 6 2008 	Great if on a Budget	Just got back from a short stay in Dubai. Stayed at the Karama-which is great if on a budget.Location is good for cheap but fresh indian,chinese food. Supermarkets are a re short walk. Burjman Shopping Centre is a 20 minute walk or 5 minutes by taxiThe staff are good and willhelp-rooms are large and comfortableMy only concern was the noise from the clubs-could hear the beat until 3am-the hotel should let all guuest know before bookingWould I go back yes-but take some ear plugs!Had a great stay in Dubai	
Mar 9 2008	Not recommended "AT ALL!!!" Poor...Poor...Poor	Although the staff were friendly...however, the standard of the room was very poor.The bed had a strange smell &amp; the Bathroom smells of Urine.It was extremely noisey because of the nightclub...even though i had the quitest room in the hotel.Service is poor, and location is terrible...Do not book at Karama hotel if u wanna enjoy your holiday in Dubai.	
Mar 8 2008 	Are you a raver?	The hotel is sleazy and nasty with three nightclubs that you can here pumping out music, even on the 3rd floor, till 3am. The first night was spent on the first floor which must be where they shove everyone till they complain. The room vibrated with the noise the bathroom was stinking with nice warm water to brush your teeth, a wonky toilet seat, minimal loo paper etc! We didn't sleep a wink as after the music comes the door banging and shouting from the revellers followed by the call to prayer at 5ish followed by the cleaners clattering &amp; banging!!We complained and were moved to a &quot;deluxe room&quot; (not) on the 3rd floor which was a slight improvement, nice big bed but the toilet seat was still wonky, the water still warm &amp; you could still dance around the bed all night to the music if desired!Breakfast was ok, fairly limited choice, the staff were pleasant enough &amp; tried to be helpful, smiling &amp; nodding through your complaint( they've probably heard it a million times over.)The general area is run down and you will have quite a wait for a taxi, even if ordered.I would never risk it again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone under the age of 16 and over the age of 21	
Oct 28 2007	If you want to stay in the red light district then go ahead!	so when i arrived i wondered why so many people hanging around outside maybe because it was late the club had just shut i'm not sure! The rooms are spacious but the bathroom smells horrible and they were not cleaned properly. The staff are helpful and polite but the area the hotel is situated is not so nice...i wouldnt stay here again...	
Apr 24 2007 	lovely hotel	i really thought this hotel was fantastic!the staff were great, it was clean, very expensive looking and the bedrooms were stunning!the double room had a KING size bed and was totally worht the money.there was noise from the disco at nite tho and we were abov the disco!we asked reception to move us the next morning and they happily did! they moved us higher and to the other side and it was much better and an equally as nice room.the buffet breakfast was AMAZING, so much choice and really yummy! i stayed in 3 hotels on my dubai trip and this was the best by far!GREAT value for money.	
Mar 1 2007 	Go somewhere else	Referring to previous reveiws, i managed to have a room away from disco's noise(224),but the noise was coming from people in the coridors,doors are always openedand closed causing a lot of disturbance.this takes place during the night till the morning.The bathroom smells awful.forget about the breakfast.Room size is ok.The hotel location is not bad but the area around is not the best.Go somewhere else.	
Feb 3 2007 	Terriblel Noise	The hotel is terrible.My collage and I spent 6 night on this hotel on since last week.The rooms are dirty. The bathroom is horrible, the water is smelly. But the biggest problem is the noise which comes at 9PM to 3AM every day. There are 3 night clubs on the base floor. We can not sleep until the nightclub's close. And the price was so expensive compare to other hotels price and quality. We had to pay 5% extra many because we paid AMEX card.Not reccomended.	
Dec 1 2006 	Stay here at your peril...	... that is if you value any sleep before 3am. The hotel is only three storeys, and there are 3 nightclubs for the local population that start from 9pm till 3am (finishes on the dot) EVERY night of the week, that play kind of new age-house-bangra (?!) with booming bass that rattles through the whole hotel. We were on the second floor reasonably far away from the disco, but the noise travelled all the way through the stairways and corridors and make no mistake, its loud (you can even see vibrations in a glass of water on a table in the room dancing along to the beat)! The discos are frequented by the native version of english chavs, and you will get strange looks from them as you return to the hotel in the early hours, but its perfectly safe as theres loads of bouncers and staff and they are probably just interested in you.The pool area is rubbish, a tiny pool virtually in the shade all day as it is overlooked by two three storey neighbouring apartment blocks, and smells of whatever the neighbours are cooking that day (it was usually curry). If you run a bath, the cold water is always luke warm however long you run it, and the hot water is cold to luke warm and brown - we opted for showers with the cold tap!On the positive side of things the hotel itself is clean and tidy and the rooms were nice - similar standard to a UK travelinn for example, king sized comfy beds, and the staff were always very friendly apart from 1 - a very rude gentleman behind the desk who we assumed was the manager (I dare you to complain to him about the cold hot water). Also, as we were in Dubai taking job interviews not a holiday, a budget hotel was essential, and we coped by going out and having plenty of drinks at night so we more or less passed out regardless of the noise when returning to the hotel. The games room bar has 2 really good quality pool tables, shows B4U music and Cricket on a projector screen and the staff keep bringing you free popcorn to munch on.If you are planning on going out every night and staying out late, this will be a great budget hotel to stay at as the noise shouldn't affect you too much. Also this is great for big new age bangra music fans. If not, I strongly recommend to stay elsewhere.Finally, my lasting memory of the hotel will be, on the last night lying awake in the bed counting down the minutes till I can get some sleep at 3am, laughing to myself as the bouncers were ejecting some local indians as the screams, shouts and hindi insults reverberated along the corridors. Lovely.	
Apr 26 2006	karama hotel for budget travellers	i booked this hotel for 4 nights. as i arrived to reception i saw that all personnel were so eager to help and always smiling and respecting. personnel is well done. although i booked single room they gave me a room with double room so room was spacious with pool view&amp;balcony. just AC was little bit noisy- u should know that without using ac in dubai-karama- u ll lose weigh :P-there are some pubs and clubs in karama hotel besides coffee shop but i didnt try any of them. they work till late night in. my room was enough upstairs and far from those diskos?? so i didnt hear much loud. but i cannot say anything about the other rooms' situation, mine was great... Tv was small but who cares i didnt have time to watch it while doing shopping...location is great. in karama i saw that streets are larger&amp;more silent than the other regions of dubai. 5 min. to trade center&amp;sheikh zayed road;10 min. away from airport;8min away to deira creek by taxi and walk away to some of the big malls like wafi city and lamcy. u can bargain in karama shopping area&amp;find imitationed but very great garments, shoes, watches etc...you can see all the time smiled ppl mostly belong to india and pakistan. hypermarkets around are so cheap and you can find many things which you want to buy from malls...try manama hypermarket; 47 seconds walk away distance to hotel...for budget travellers it is a good choice. you ll get more than you expected in this hotel&amp;around it. enjoy....	
