	Great Accomodation but some negatives	Just returned from a 5 night stay at this property with my wife and 2 year old son. The location is about 16 miles south of Dubai Airport. The journey to the hotel at 1:00 am took about 20-25 minutes. It is in the Marina area next to Marina Walk and the Jumeriah Beach Residences. &quot;Jumeriah&quot; seems to stretch a long way down the coast.PositivesThe 2 bedroom suites are huge. In reality they are not conventional suites but 2 bedroom apartments. The one we were in had a smaller, windowless, third bedroom with a foldaway bed that would be classed as the Maids Room. The kitchen is a kitchen, not a kitchenette, and is fully equipped. There is also a washing machine and dryer in a cupboard in the hall.We were travelling with our 2 year old and having the kitchen facilities was ideal. There is a Waitrose a 3 minute cab ride from the hotel and we were able to stock up on baby essentials so he could eat as near to a normal diet as possible. We found out after that there is a Spinneys 5 mins walk from the hotel selling a very similar product range.The apartments are nicely furnished with plenty of storage space. I'll post some photos.ADSL cable internet is currently free in-room and free WiFi is available in the public rooms. This seems to be a hang-over from the days when the hotel was the Emirates Harbour Hotel and Residence and according to the front desk it is likely to be chargeable shortly.The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from Marina Walk where there are plenty of restaurants. None are attached to hotels so all are booze-free. There is a medium sized pool along with a small children’s pool.NegativesBreakfast was nothing to write home about. It wasn’t bad but it wasn’t good either. It is difficult to say what was wrong but there was definitely something not right. Service in the restaurant is friendly but a bit hit or miss. The hotel is in the middle of a huge construction site. All around there are more skyscrapers going up. The noise is a bit off-putting when lying by the pool. It starts quite early and goes on late. Some sites seem to be working 24 hours although we were not disturbed by the noise from them.The pool area suffers from neighbouring buildings blocking the sun and with more being built the problem will get worse. The pool area is also a little stark and lacks “something.” Getting pool service was hard and had to be requested rather waiters making regular patrols.This hotel is not on the beach and the only way to get to the beach is either (a) use the hotel shuttle or a taxi to the public beach at Jumeriah Park (we did not like it) or (b) pay to use the facilities of a neighbouring beach hotel. The hotel has an arrangement with the Le Meridien. It costs around Dh160 per adult. The public beach is 20 minutes away and in my view not worth it.SummaryThe hotel is a bit of a paradox. In terms of accommodation it is ideal for families, especially if the children are young. However, its location and lack of facilities for children are disappointing.Would I stay here again? Highly likely. The staff were super friendly and nothing was too much trouble.	
	Very disappointed - service very poor	i recently stayed for 4 nights in a 2 bedroom apartment. It was clean and spacious with a large kitchen and longe area. However, the service levels at this hotel are terrible eg being barged out of the way by cleaners so they could get in the lift before us, having to carry our own bags to reception despite there being several porters standing around doing nothing, having to clean the tables by the sunbeds because no-one has taken the dirty glasses and plates away etc etc. The breakfast was horrible. The room cleaning was erratic and non-existent on 2 out of 4 evenings. I reaslise that in isolation none of these complaints are significant, but this was my 5th visit to Dubai and I know the service levels that are expected.One very positive aspect was that we had brunch in The Observatory and it was lovely. It was like a different hotel. The staff were helpful, friendly and went out of their way to ensure you had a good time. Why are the good staff only in one area of the hotel?You couldn't sunbathe as the pool is tiny, there aren't enough sunbeds, those that are there are cheap and nasty but most importantly, the noise from the building site next door is really intrusive. It didn't spoil my trip as we spent very little time here, but I would never recommend it unless they train and motivate their staff to the levels experienced in most other Dubai hotels.	
Nov 19 2009 	Enourmous suite clean and had everything you need	I booked a one-bedroom suite and got upgraded upon arrival to a 3 bedroom suite on the 43rd floor as the place was full. The suite was absolutely enormous, all 3 rooms had ensuites (I counted 5 toilets in total), there was a large kitchen, 8-seater dining area, lounge, great tellies, laundry and everything you could want. Only problems were septic smell in the corridor and inconsistency between the breakfast menu with what came on the plate 2 days in a row despite politely noting it upon ordering the second day. Perhaps I'm spoilt by recent great stays at some boutique owner-run hotels or its just the nature of Dubai, but I felt the hotel lacked a bit of personality. The service staff were slightly blank, and there weren't any features in the room or the hotel which you'd remember as a marker of the stay. Overall I'd recommend it highly for a business stay but the awkward location and slightly sterile atmosphere would probably lead me to stay elsewhere if you wanted to spend a lot of time in the room itself.	
Nov 17 2009 	Huge and comfortable apartments	I am Marriott Silver member and should say that this hotel is really new for Dubai Marriott chain. Next January I am going to stay for 2 weeks at this hotel with my family. So I was really invrestigating the comfort of future longer stay with my children. So, I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the good promotion price (stay 1 night - another free). The first surprise was upgrading my room to 2 BR apartment at 17 floor and second one is free wifi interenet in room. The room size is really huge (around 220 sq./m). So, you may be lost in this suite. Anyaway, there was very nice and modern decoration in all the rooms with large LCD TVs in all rooms. Very big kitchen with all necessary tools: so you may try your cooking experiments here. In general, the apartment is fully equipped with all the necessary, especially if you would be staying with children. The only negative that I would stay for this hotel at this moment is neigboring: the hotel is surrounded by construction sites and you woul need rented car or taxi for getting arround. I do ussually renting a car which is good choice travelling with children. In general, would reccommend this hotel.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great stay excellent quality	When booking my stay at Marriott Harbour Hotel&amp;Suites I was only able to book a smoking room with double beds with city view, however I was happy to find during check-in that I did not only get a non-smoking room with king bed, but also a great view over the Marina, and a peak to the sea as well!!! So it's safe to say that my stay got a great start, and happily the rest of the stay didn't disappoint me neither. I was happy to notice that I got a very spacy luxury suite, with complete own kitchen (not kitchennette), washing machine, and two bathrooms. The local newspaper was delivered to the door every morning, and the use of the Internet was complimentary. I also visited the Timeless Spa once, and got what I suppose would be a standard treatment for a spa pedicure and manicure - this means that I did have to go to a NStyle nailbar to finish the treatments. Otherwise the atmosphere and service at the Spa were great., and I would have gladly returned for a full spa treatment, had I had the time. I also spent a few mornings at the pool, which was OK inspite of the construction noises coming from the site located next to the hotel. I had the chance to try two of the hotel's restaurants, the one on the lobby as well as the one on the Observatorium deck, and I'm happy to recommend both. The view from the Observatorium is quite unique, and once again, the service was excellent. All in all, this was one of my best stays at a hotel ever, so I will be glad to recommend to all travellers!	
Oct 18 2009 	Such An Awesome Hotel!	The Harbour Hotel Was Absolutely Amazing! It Was The Greatest Hotel That I've Ever Stayed In. The View From My Suite Was Amazing And Breath Taking. I Simply Loved It. ?	
