Nov 5 2009 	Only boutique hotel in Dubai	Classy and individual (French/Morrocan style) hotel located in a very pleasant and peaceful residential area of Jumeirah away from of the hustle and bustle of the main hotel chains.Service from airport pick up to departure was very attentive and friendly but not obtrusive. Our room which was shared with our 15 year old son very spacious and well equipped.(Website has all the details)The staff will readily book you taxis restaurants excursions etc or simply give you local information..2 local malls (5 mins walk) provide ATMs,meal options, Spinneys supermarket pharmacy etc and numerous taxi/bus options.Jumeirah Beach Park only one mile away is a perfect beach option for a mere 5 Dirhams.We ate out but the catering would not disappoint and both pools were hardly used.Stayed the last night in a large City hotel but missed La Maison after only a couple of hours !Late October weather was comfortable with all of the hotel having air con.Impossible to fault this little known gem - will be back.	
Oct 31 2009 	Family suite very good when you have young children	Accommodation good and most of staff very friendly and helpful. Location is good and owners have put a lot of thought into detail. Nice restaurant area and seating areas. We were in the third villa which unfortunately does not have internet but there is a business centre. Our only gripe was that we had no hot water on two mornings of our six day stay. Really not fun taking a cold shower at 7am before heading off to the airport!	
Nov 8 2008 	First class off the beaten track	Very comfortable hotel and nice to stay somewhere different as opposed to the global corporate chains that dominate Dubai.A huge amount of character , friendly if slightly dipsy staff but good value for money. The fact that credit cards are not taken is a pain but not disastrous. Beware that most banks will charge around £20 to transfer money to the hotel so technically this is an additional cost to your stay.Breakfast delicious with proper French food. Make sure you know where the hotel is and have a map as some taxi drivers struggled to find it.Would very much recommend this hotel and would stay again if visiing Dubai.	
Nov 5 2008 	Blissful peaceful and far from the madding crowds	We spent a week at La Maison in October, (we are a family of 4), having been shown the hotel on our trip last year by friends who live in Dubai. We’ve been to Dubai a few times but we’ve hit the &quot;kids who are 12 count as adults&quot; problem which means we can't stay as a family in one room. This makes the likes of JBH very expensive (i.e. two rooms or a junior suite).At La Maison we had a HUGE two bedroom suite in one of four villas. The main bedroom had a large king size bed and the second room had two double beds. Bathroom was also huge and there was lots of wardrobe space (although not enough draw space) and a fridge/mini bar. The whole hotel is beautifully furnished and there was lots of artwork on display and for sale. All this for roughly the same as you would pay for a double room at one of the big hotels.The hotel is in Jumeirah 1, very close to the Mercato Mall and within easy reach of many shops and eateries. We hired a car (for the first time in Dubai). Parking near the hotel was never a problem. I believe taxis can sometimes struggle to find such a small location, especially as the numbering of roads in Dubai is something of a mysterious and random art, but being so close to Mercato gives a good landmark to aim for!The hotel provides a basic but adequate breakfast for an additional charge (60Dhs for adults and 30Dhs for children, but you pay extra if you have 'posh coffee' like a cappuccino). We can highly recommend Carpe Diem cafe in the Old Town Mall (next door to Mercato) as an alternative for breakfast. We ate dinner on the hotel terrace one evening; food was very good and the setting was perfect for a relaxed family dinner with friends on a warm October evening (service was a little on the slow slide but that is a minor gripe).There are two small pools with 7 or 8 very comfortable sunbeds around each, shaded by umbrellas and plants. By about 3 o'clock the sun had disappeared behind the buildings (this was in October). We never had a problem finding somewhere to relax (no towels at dawn needed here) and the kids were happy splashing about in what seemed like our own private pool most of the time.The staff were all friendly and unobtrusive and were responsive to the few requests we made (extra towels and things like that). The proprietors were equally charming and welcoming. Emails and queries prior to our arrival were always answered promptly.There are a couple of ‘little things’ to be aware of. First of all, the hotel does not take credit cards so you need to arrange payment ahead of time or pay cash. There was a minor inconvenience to arrange international money transfer, but it was worth it. Secondly, the hotel is right next door to a mosque which came as a bit of a nasty surprise on our first morning a 5am! But after a couple of days the kids were sleeping through it and somehow it added to the charm of the whole experience. Finally the hotel does not have an alcohol licence, so bring along the duty free and keep it in your room for that pre-dinner drinkie.If you want a quieter side to the Dubai experience and you don’t need the ‘full resort’ facilities then La Maison D’Hotes is a hidden gem of peace and tranquillity and good value for money. We loved it and can highly recommend it.	
Nov 3 2008	Away from the madding crowds....	Several villas combined to make this a little gem in Jumeirah1. It's in a residential district, so you can walk to - Mercato Mall with a Spinneys supermarket; Fudo restaurant next to Mercato; and the beach. Breakfast or dinner under the awning outside is a pleasure, there has been a lot of thought and care put into detail, both with the food and the interior design, and the little touches evident everywhere, inside and out. 2 lovely pools, you can choose shade or sun to suit.We had 2 rooms (one double, one with two single beds for teenagers to share), both differently designed, with individual features. Access to internet is availabe at no extra cost.Yes, it is a drag to have to transfer money, or work out the exact amount of cash you need at the end of your stay. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 27 2008 	under-resourced but good value convenient	I asked a local acquaintance to recommend a boutique hotel for my first trip to Dubai. They laughed!But we found this place, and it worked well - not ideal, but it worked well.First, the location's good - my geography's not good, but we rarely got stuck in traffic and could always get a taxi, and I understand that's not typical for Dubai. Second, it's a beautiful property (I suspect it's 4 villas put together) and the rooms are large and although simple are tastefully decorated. Third, the food is off-the-scale super, as you'd expect from the (all-girl) French management. Four, it's within strolling distance of a very pleasant public beach. Five, the internet works, and it's on LAN not wi-fi so it's reliable and fairly fast. Finally, it's much less expensive than the gin-palaces around Dubai.The negatives? They don't [--] well take credit cards, so you have to wire money ahead, or pay with wads of cash. Unbelievable in the 21st century! There's no tea/coffee facilities in the room, which I consider almost a basic human right for a hotel-dweller. And you need to pick your room carefully - the first one we were offered had a view of a brick wall (I complained, and the staff, with a little moaning, found us another with a tree between the window and the brick wall), and some don't have internet connections.The staff were generally friendly and helpful, but could be a bit dopey - food service in the restaurant ranged from fast to painfully slow, and the check-in staff were clueless about how on earth to get money into the hotel's account.So it's not perfect, but pretty good, and unlike most of this armpit of a wannabe city, it has character, charm, and a human touch. We'll stay there again.	
Nov 2 2009 	Havre de paix et confort dans la ville		
Sep 18 2008 	fortement conseillé		
