Nov 26 2009 	Recently rennovated best location	Date : 25.11.2009We have just returned from a 5 days stay at the Dream Palace Hotel. The hotel is magnificent with fresh interiors, nice and clean bed linens, towels etc. &amp; very good bathrooms. We stayed on 5th Floor in Deluxe double room, which has different scheme from other floors. We were just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with cheeses fruits, cakes, Arab breads etc. The location of the hotel is in Deira Dubai, which is old Dubai. Right around the hotel there are two good Malls, many super stores, good restaurants only 3-5 minutes walking distance. Gold Souk is also quite near, 10-15 minutes by taxi ( there is always traffic Jam when you go towards that area)There is nearby metro station on Al Rigga road from where you have options to go to new Dubai, Mall of emirates, Airport by paying merely 6-9 dirham.The hotel staff is very co-operative and courtious. I needed an adopter for my camera charger, which was arranged within a short time. My return flight back was scheduled at 22:40,but hotel people allowed me to stay in the hotel upto 18:00 without any extra charges. However the hotel transport from and to airport was through an old bus without curtain, which posed a problem during day time when the sun was at its peak on our way from airport to hotel. Since the distance of airport from the hotel is not much, the hotel could have arranged a car. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel in 3 star category we have ever stayed in on holiday. YASHPALNEW DELHIINDIA	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice and Cosy	Dream palace hotel was really nice and cosy place to stay, i did my booking online through www.booking.com and got a single room for great price exclusive of taxes but if u compare dubai, that tax money was peanut. Its located in good area with great food joints around, i did not try the hotel restaurants. I reached dubai on 31st oct, took metro from terminal 3 to AL-RIGGA station, n just walked to the hotel (around 10 mins)(u can ask people for direction to AL-MURAQBAT road. Host at reception was nice and helpful (dont expect it to be a 7 seven hotel). Room was small but cosy and very clean. No free internet (10dhs for an hour), but managed somehow, rest all mery mery, n good, Over all i can give it 7.5 of 10	
Oct 11 2009 	Good value	Paid less than USD300 for 6 nights without breakfast. Cleaning service for the room good - - I would press the button &quot;pls. make up room&quot; on the phone panels &amp; it was done when we got back. Towel exchange available as needed. Complimentary bottled water x2 (big) in fridge. TV channels limited &amp; some channel had unclear reception. I had to pay for internet service. Shower stall too small. Front desk upon check in was good but the staff on check out needed to brush on her people skills. This is a clean &amp; comfortable enough hotel to stay in so I would come back again at the same price or lower.	
Sep 26 2009 	WOULD CERTAINLY GO BACK AGAIN	Sweet, nice hotel, good location, nice, friendly people. Roms are small but modern, with all you need. Just a tip-if you like to watch tv at the evening like me - Of the english talking TV channels is only CNN, i have had my lap top with me to watch movies. Internet is dificult to use, there was something wrong with the modem or the conection, it simply didn't conect.	
Sep 20 2009 	A inexpensive Palace	Received a recomendation to stay at the Dream Palace from my co-workers.I was very impressed. First, I paid about $40 (w/out breakfast) for the room. The roomwas clean, modern and with a flat-screen TV. The bathroom was modern with a glass shower and completly updated. The staff even let me use the internet in the lobby for about 10 minutes without an additional payment. A small pool and jacuzzi on the roof. The gym is very basic, but has 1 or 2 treadmills. There is even a sauna...very nice after a long day on the town.I travel through Dubai frequently, sometimes with a company paid hotel (which the Dream Palace is not on their list..it should be). When I have to pay for a hotel, this is definitley the one I would stay at. For $40 a night in Dubai, I can afford the dream in this expensive city!	
Sep 4 2009	NOT HAPPY NOT SAFE	I Stayed in this Hotel for three nights in the month of JUNE 09, The last night of our stay, some one tried to open the door of our room, where my sister and I were sleeping at 4:00 or 5:00 o'clock in the morning.When I complained to the mannager , he said it could have been the ROOM SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!. This Hotel is NOT SAFE, I do not know who tried to intrude in to the room where two girls were sleeping in the middle of the night.THIS HOTEL IS NOT SAFE.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good choice	We arrived at the hotel at 2:00 in the morning due to a delay in our flight, staff was friendly, check in was quick and we could go to bed just a few minutes after our arrival. Room was OK although a little noisy. Breakfast was good. The swimming pool was too hot for a bath. For its price and location (not far from the airport) I recomend this hotel if you need to do a long stoppover in Dubai.	
Jul 6 2009 	Newly renowated good value for money	The hotel is newly renowated, rooms are nice and quite big. The view isn't spectacular but at all it is a very good offer in resonable price. We didn't have a breakfast and possibly this hotel doesn't offer them. We booked with otel.com what is good site for booking in Dubai as you pay full price and don't have to be worried about additionaly paid 10% local tax. The photos on otel are old as well so the hotel looks much beter tha there. The hotel is in Deira district not that far from center but you have to either take a taxi for about 4-5USD or bus to Deira center, It is not that close to the airport as well (25-30min). Comparing to other hotels in Dubai (and references on tripadvisor) there is no any disco closeby. It is nice and quiet.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent value better than expected	We reserved here based on the TripAdvisor reviews, and we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was recently renovated, so everything is clean and new-looking. We reserved it at the airport's Central Reservation Service, no problem at all. Location is near the Reef Mall. It is not far from the airport as the crow flies, but the roadway design means it is twice as far coming from the airport as going To the airport! Rooftop swimming pool is small, like a bathtub in the incredible summer heat; but still very pleasant and clean. Overall, basic hotel, quite comfortable and quiet, though not a luxury resort. Also note that it is near a couple of good barbers and restaurants!	
Jun 25 2009 	Good value hotel	We were looking for a cheap solution for our 2 days stopover in Dubai and the Dream Palace was for sure a good choice. The hotel is just a few minutes from the airport (free shuttle) positioned in the old city close to the gold souk and several malls.The room was spotless and the service excellent, we even got a welcome fruit basket in the room.Recommend it	
Jun 12 2009 	totally ok for the price positively surprised	I've stayed in a number of budget hotels and hostels, but this one was really nice, much more than I had expected. not exactly a &quot;palace&quot;, but a nice hotel. friendly staff, the room was nice, bathroom very bright (mine even had a window) which I like. Although they had a sign up that they are doing construction work, I didn't hear any of it. The restaurant was quite ok as well (not licensed), and there are plenty of other places to eat around the hotel and in the mall right beside it. getting to some of Dubai's attractions is a bit of a ride (also the hop on hop off bus stop is a short ride/long walk in the heat away), but from the idea I got, there is no perfect location in Dubai (at least until the metro is finished). They have a pool up on the roof (and gym and sauna), but the water didn't look too clean to me, so I didn't go in.	
May 7 2009 	Excellent Service	We arrived in the early hours of the morning, the service was excellent and the room was quiet.	
Mar 18 2009 	Dream Palace OK 4 place to sleep	Nice location not far from the city center. Reasonable rates. Family hotel, meaning no alcohol / discos and no visitors to guest rooms. If a friend from outside visits, you have to meet in the lobby. Quiet, fairly clean. Was interested only in a decent place to sleep at night, as I was attending a 3-day conference in a nearby, more expensive hotel. So, I didn't check out any of the amenities. Would be quite comfortable taking family with me next time for an overnight stay.	
Feb 28 2009 	Probably the crappiest hotel in Dubai	My husband and I stayed one night at Dream Palace because we needed to stay in Dubai for a night after our vacation in Fujairah in order to catch our plane out the next day. The place was horrible. It smelled seriously weird and the rooms were frightful. I figured it wouldn't be a big deal since we were only staying for a night, but you can pay a tiny bit more and probably get something (anything) nicer than this place. The front desk was always overwhelmed, so we had to sit on our suitcases in the cramped lobby while we waited for them to check the guests in. They really need to get a better handle on the check-in process. On the bright side, it's a short taxi ride to City Center Mall. If you're absolutely desperate and on a tight budget, the you'll probably be ok. But if you're sensitive to bad smells and easily infuriated by bad service, go someplace else!	
Jan 22 2009 	Ok if you just need a clean efficient place to stay over	Booked this place through Expedia for my trip through Dubai to Afghanistan. I got the room for about $95 for an evening, which wasn't bad for what I got. Taxi ride was about $10 there and about a 10-15 minute ride depending on the traffic. Make sure you have the address of the hotel with you so the driver can find it quickly, and probably the phone number there as well. The front desk was very polite and easy to understand that evening. The porter was very very helpful and nice. The place is very clean for being an older hotel. The room was clean and efficient for what I was looking for; the bathroom was the biggest issue. Very small! Otherwise, had a movie channel and the BBC to watch, and ordered some food that evening which was not expensive and very good. The morning consisted of having the buffet breakfast, which was adequate. Nothing terrible on it, but nothing special. It was excellent for the price. If you need a ride back to the hotel, the van runs about every four hours. You have to pay for the internet too; not too expensive and they have computers downstairs or wireless. Overall, the staff was very friendly, and I would stay there again if I go through again.	
Jul 3 2008 	Cheap and Ok	My Partner and I just stayed at the Dream palace, we went just for shopping and was planning to stay out all day. The hotel rates are cheap and located centrally but still need to get a taxi (10 minute ride) to places. It was a clean hotel but the furniture was very dated and the hotel room was very dark and dull. Our air con wasnt brilliant. Its great for a cheap holiday if your not planning to stay in the hotel all day during the day. The breakfast was not appealing. I was expecting a fry up but it was all arabic food. The staff dont really understand much english but are helpfull.	
Jun 23 2008 	A value hotel just Ok	Hotel is cheap and average. For Vegetarians big problem with food. Plus there is a connecting door in each of the rooms which is kind of scary plus you can clearly hear the next door person.	
Mar 25 2008 	Cheap but not bad	I stayed in this hotel with my wife and son for 7 nights. In contrast with the other review, I found this hotel a cheap but nice one. Our room was clean and acceptable, the bathroom was good and had all kind of clean towels. With a 5 DHS tip at the first day to the cleaner, and another 10 the other day, My room was cleaned and made tidy once a day, the room of my companions were not made tidy every day. The lobby was relatively large with two snooker tables and a few computers with internet access, wireless internet was also available for 10 Dhs/hr. I bought two hours. They gave me two login and passwords each for one hour, I used 10 minutes of the first one and then turned off the WiFi. Two days later I found both hours were expired. The first one I assume expired perhaps because I did not log it off and it didn't it automatically, and the second one was expired because I did not use it for two days! I gave it up and instead used the free wireless access in big malls. The only, and only negative point was its breakfast and lunch (which was included in our tour) and was not eatable whatsoever. I was wondering how a cooker can make a scrambled egg so bad! However, as at least 15 nice and different restaurants and fast foods were very close to the hotel, it was not a problem for me. I definitely return to this hotel again, and I recommend it to every one who would like to stay in an acceptable and relatively cheap hotel. However, don't forget that you are paying for a two star hotel!	
Nov 24 2005	Okay if every other hotel is full	The Dream Palace hotel should not be anybody's first choice of hotels. It is an older hotel which they have tried to keep decent but it's a losing battle. The hot water was warm and the cold water was warm. There was way too much furniture in our room and the furniture was out of proportion. Most of it looked like it was made for giants. The curtains were hanging crooked on the curtain rod and it was difficult to open them. The only towels were bath towels, no hand towels or face cloths. The beds are very firm/hard. Not too comfortable. Alot of Russian businessmen stay there. I would say the Dream Palace compares with a motel 6 in the states.	
Sep 1 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 26 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
