	Awfull Service with untrained reception staff	The reception staff of Sheraton Jumeirah Beach in Dubai is very unfriendly, they are unable to provide the level of service you expect. Don't forget to have minimum three times a written cancelelation confirmation, otherwise you have to pay for the mistake of untrained reception staff. There are other hotels with better service and perfect hospitality. I don't recommend this hotel at all. This was my worst experience i made ever with hotels in Dubai and i was many times in Dubai.	
Nov 18 2009 	Brilliant	Absolute Luxury beyond your wildest dreams, I had Club level and the food was amazing, the pool bar is SWEEEEEEEEEEEEET!! go for it and don't think twice!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Location in Marina District - Room Decor needs an update though	This hotel enjoy being the last hotel at the end of the Marina district in Dubai. This is enviable because the view is better and it is more quiet this way. The shops and restaurants are still close by so when you need that, it is just steps away. WiFi is kind of expensive (100 AED for 2 hours) but your PIN code allows you access anywhere on the property. I did not eat in the hotel because there were so many options in the marina itself so I cannot speak to the food quality. Room had a great view of the ocean and the horizon. Decor is dated however. Felt like a late 90s era and could use some updating. TV was an LCD Flat Panel. You need to request an iron and board - only includes those awkward pants pressers in the closet. Room includes a safe. Bathroom was decent - shower/tub and lots of amenties. Weak point - the towels are small, old and there were not enough of them. Concierge and doormen were great! Very helpful. Cash machine on site. Small but decent gym. They also had 2 raquetball courts in the hotel. And there are separate mens and women's sauna/steam faciities for after your workout. They have a business enter but you need to use yor WiFi PIN to access the internet there too. Good for printing boarding passes etc. I also used one of the hotel cars to Dubai airport - in this case, the rate was very reasonable (140 AED) and I didnt want to take the chance of sitting in traffic with a metered taxi. All in all I liked the property and would stay there again for a pleasure trip.	
Nov 10 2009 	Worse than 4*	Simply awfully!!! Number cleaned very badly, under a bed a dust, mirrors FOR 22 DAYS HAVE not wiped NEVER!!! The MINIBAR FOR the SAME TIME HAVE filled up NEVER! For a breakfast you will come if after 9.00 that there are no free tables more often. A beach cleaned badly, you will leave a glass in the morning it still costs in the evening... All plank beds in bird's ????????. In children's pool birds too bathe. In a bar have submitted the spoilt tomato juice. You will ask juice for the child not cold, will bring with ice... It is More there for what!!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Above expectations .... by a long way!	I stayed here in the first week of Nov 09 with my wife and I have to say, in all honesty, I could not find fault, indeed, once the manger (Danny Dagher) knew I was celebrating my 50th b'day and my 25th wedding anniversary, not only were we upgraded at no extra cost but a bottle of wine and a celebratory cake were left in our room! The staff were couteous and friendly in all areas of the hotel. The pool area (do not take towels, not needed!), beach and gardens of the hotel were of the highest quality. I know we were upgraded but the hospitality ofered in the Towers corporate area would have been worth paying extra for. Hotel a bit out of the way which in my mind was a bonus. Taxis to pretty much everywhere were easily arranged and the price always came to £5, including a tip (slightly more when we went to the Creek area). I would definitely stay here again without hesitation! Must visit - the bar on the 63rd floor at The Address hotel for views to die for!	
Nov 4 2009 	quite impressed	clean, practical hotel, good attentive staff. The location is mixed. It is on the edge of jumeira beach and taxi's are hard to come by in the evening. Plenty in the daytime. Outside the hotel there is a lovely strip of lots of restaurants and a small night market.The beach is very good, clean , shallow and very pleasant. They have a free bus to Emirates Mall. I would consider saying here again. Rooms were clean and spacious. we a 2 queen beds for a family of 4 which was perfect.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great location chilled dining room housekeeping wake you up in the middle of the night	We stayed here based on the Starwood promotion where you earn free nights. they would only give us the cheapest room, without a view and they were very unaccomodating to any of your wishes. Went to the steakhouse grill for dinner. Ordered the combo seafood platter which I would not recommend. My husband had the surf and turf and the steak was just excellent! Skipped the wine---starting price $24 US per glass. Unfortunately, us and the other diners rushed our meal here as the place was just freezing. Again when we asked if this could be adjusted were flatly told that it was the lowest the ac could go. We went and had a great coffee and dessert in the adjacent open cafe and felt much better treated here where the staff were much more accomodating. Toilet in the room did not flush properly and while we were out it was repaired. Later we returned and went to sleep. Staff phoned us and woke us at 11 pm to see if the problem had been repaired satisfactorily.Drinks and room service are extremely expensive here. Breakfast is approx. 32-40 $ US. so we opted to pick up coffee and fruit salad from the coffee bar for a more reasonable sum. The beach is great here and while the pool is a bit dated, it still is a great place to suntan on the weekend.	
Sep 23 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	After making our booking we read some of the reviews about the Hotel and had resigned ourselves to staying in a very basic Hotel but we were pleasantly surprised. We arrived early in the morning and were given our room even though official check in is 3pm. (much appreciated after an overnight flight). The Front Desk staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was spacious, clean and nice decor. There was some building work going on across the road but whats new in Dubai? New Buildings everywhere. This was not a problem for us as we do not spend a lot of time in our room. The Pool area was very nice and the staff were friendly and efficient. During our stay there was a promotion for the Hotel restaurants 50% discount for residents this was great value and the food in The Grill and The Peacock was very good. If you are not a City person this is the Hotel for you as there is a great selection of restaurants and cafes opposite the Hotel known as 'The Walk'. The free bus to the Malls was a very nice touch.The staff in particular Housekeeping, Customer Service and Front Desk were friendly, efficient and professional. A special thanks to the Manager and Security who went to great lengths to get my purse back which I had left in a Taxi. We requested a Late checkout and were accommodated as we had a very late flight. Overall our stay was a very pleasant and relaxed one and we would recommend this Hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	nothing much to say except	Been to this hotel for seven days last year. Very expensive for a very small room. I had requested a room for one person (that means, one bed) but they put me in a room for 2 person. I must say, staff are very accomodating especially the bar girls: Ruby, Rahab, Venz. They have the very awesome sincere smile all the time and very professionals. I was planning to go back this year but when I phoned the hotels about some names of their very professional staff, someone told me that theyve been kicked out from this hotel which made me sad coz they will really make you feel at home. Anyways, they are not hiring any more decent staff so no need to go back there again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Fabulous girly holiday	i stayed at this hotel approx 4 years ago, and this holiday was a last minute option which arose so i checked out prices of all beach hotels and this came up the best cost, so decided to go back.  after reading many of the reviews on here, was a bit aprehensive, on arrival though all was as i left it 4 years ago, luxurious, fab rooms, good service and hot weather!we did have a problem on check in but stood by our guns and eventually got what we wanted, an upgraded towers room.our room was gorgeous, great sea view, palm island view, servicing was brilliant and we were celebrating a birthday so also had chocolate cake and fruit. needed hangers and extra towels, were delivered within minutes.we also used the spa here, which was fantastic, highly recommend it!location....it is one of the furthest from the city, 30 mins but there are shuttle buses to some malls, or do a big bus tour?? taxis were always available outside door.the best malls to go to are....dubai mall, ibn battuta mall, deira city centre mall, mall of emirates. we also went to the gold souk and karama for all those good fakes too!!all in all, fab holiday and was upgraded to business class on emirates on the return flight which was a good job as we were 12 kgs over weight with all our spending!!!!definately choose this hotel, in fact i dont think you ll have a bad hotel anywhere in dubai.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fantastic Stay with very friendly staff!!	I'm just back from a fantastic 5 night stay at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach resort. Having read some of the reviews here about the hotel I was a bit apprehensive about staying here but I really enjoyed my stay. One would often wonder do some people go out of their way to find fault with everything? The staff were very pleasant, extremely helpful and at times, really went out of their way to help us. The rooms were comfortable and very well air-conditioned. The beach was fantastic as are the gardens and the pool. There were always plenty of sun loungers available and there was always a member of staff nearby. Although the hotel is situated abouts 20mins from the city, this did not bother us one bit as taxis are very cheap. We came to Dubai to enjoy the heat and relax so it was nice that we were away from the city while still having everything we needed beside us. For anyone thinking of staying at the Sheraton Jumeirah, you will have a very pleasant stay. Don't let some of the reviews here put you off. I may be back in Dubai in November and I hope to stay in the Sheraton again.	
Aug 16 2009 	No Complaints what so ever	This was the first time my partner and I have vacationed in the UAE and stayed in any hotel there. As such the trip was part holiday and part exploration. We heard so much about Dubai that we had to see what all the fuss was about and after reviewing comments on this website booked with the Sheraton on HB basis.A few reviews mentioned that travellers had issues with the board basis but simply emailing the hotel prior to the visit stopped any issues there. We also asked for a double and the staff managed even this request.As a rule my partner and I eat out alot and so invariably you visit other hotels. Most of the good restaurants in Dubai are situated in hotels so in eating out you also see what other holiday makers are getting and experiencing. And after staying for ten days we visited and ate in alot of hotels and so can give a fairly balanced view. The Sheraton is clean, quiet (no screaming unruley kids running amok), the food is as good as I've seen and better for buffet style meals while the Peacock chinese restaurant is excellent. The grounds are nice and well kept, there is always sun beds available and most importantly the staff are polite and accomodating. The beach is man made and like most of the area's around Jumeriah there is very little sea life. Dont expect Red Sea flora and fauna. For this you need to go down to Mussadam, Oman. As for internet access I was slightly put off by the fact that the Sheraton charge. All over Dubai there are WIFI hotspots that are free - so why charge. So if you can take the netbook and go across the road to Starbucks, buy and coffee and download.To finish I would recommend this hotel for couples, those with very young children or anyone who likes to relax through the day rather than listen to a riot. if you want that go to Jumeriah Beach- its like a large creche-playschool. Go for dinner at the Hilton Dubai creek and eat at Verre - its excellent. Go for a drink at the Barj, but the food and service for the &quot;flight dinner&quot; is inconsistant and not worth the GBP180 per head they charge. Instread rebook with Girly the maitredee at Verre and go again.PD	
Aug 15 2009 	nothing special not worth the money	The hotel is quite far from the city. The only road leading to d city is very busy and you would be in traffic for at least 30 minutes before getting on Sheik Zaet Road. Same when you are going back to the hotel. Currently the hotel is surrounded by huge construction site - quite noisy and dusty. This was April/May 2009 so if you plan on going anytime in 2009 it's gonna be the same mess around. Reception staff is not as polite as one would expect. front desk manager even quite rude compared to other staff. You cannot get anything complimentary - they charge you a lot. Hotel cabs are overpriced, although they say it isn't, its double the price of a call cab.The nice thing about it is the palm garden with a nice restaurant, good food and a pool site. Pool is cold though, not heated around 25 C. And mind the mosquitoes at night - I got bitten up at least by ten for 20min walk in the evening in their garden.	
Aug 5 2009 	Tower SeaView Room	We stayed at the end of July for 3 days in a Tower Sea View room. This entitled us to use the facilities of the Towers Lounge on the 9th floor. It included breakfast, hot and cold soft drinks during the day and cocktails and snacks between 1800 and 2000hrs. 1 The staff in the lounge were exceptional and catered for our every need in a polite and professional manner. 2 The room attendant kept our room spotlessly clean and provided additional toiletries when we requested them. 3 We used the main restaurant in the evening where we found all the food to be of a high quality and the staff were helpful and courteous.4 The staff at Azure on the beach were there when required and we had no trouble getting towels for the loungers.5 Kersten on reception was on her own checking people in and we were in a queue of 3. She dealt with everyone politely and calmly.6 We knew the hotel was away from the main area for shopping but chose it because of the beach. We had no trouble with the hotel shuttle bus or local taxis.We would certainly stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Needs to hire staff and....	Totally understaffed, which result in sub-sub-par service.I spent a 3 night long weekend here - first time staying at this hotel. Checked in a 10pm.There appears to a serious shortage of staff - Here is a summary of the first 2 hours I was in the hotel.1). Tried to check in, and there was one staff member at the desk, with a line-up of 3 guests waiting. There was no one at the Preferred Guest Check-in. Check-in took 20 minutes.2). Arrived at my room, and called Customer Service TWICE to have my bags brought up. I gave up after 50 minutes and walked down and got it myself. There were 3 staff members picking their noses beside my luggage. WTF?3). The free bottle of water in my room was open. Yuck. What else are they skimping on?I phoned customer service, requesting a new bottle, which they promised (along with my luggage). Nothing every happened.4). Went down to the hotel bar - it was busy, but there appeared to be only 2 staff trying to service the whole bar. I gave up after 10 minutes without even successfully making eye contact with a staff member.	
Jul 14 2009 	Never. Ever Again.	I would NEVER EVER step foot within 100 miles of this sham hotel again.1. It ruined my holiday.2. We paid for a private car transfer - the driver didnt even bother to wheel our luggage for us. Two young women were left to wheel their own luggage, if i wanted to wheel my own luggage i could have got a taxi for 1/6 of the price!3. We arrived at 9am, having requested early check in to be told that our room would not be ready until 3pm.Nor were we advised that we could freshen up someehere, nor were we offered even a sip of water to drink. All the &quot;duty manager&quot; - kannan had to say was that there were other people waiting too and that he 'didnt care'4. I requested to see the Hotel Manager who turned up at 11am. To be fair Mussafa was a reasonable gentleman and offered to upgrade our room. Too little, too late.( We were also repsented with a bottle of wine and fruit platters on a daily basis - I would rather have got my holiday off to the right start)5. The Pool - The staff were pleasant enough but for some reason unbeknown to me - did not once in 11 days offer to lay our towels on our loungers, yet when any other visitor came to they pool they couldnt be more helpful.6.The restaurant - Indian was on the menu everyday. Repetitive to say the least. Breakfast was nothing to write home about.The wine was EXTORTIONATELY priced for glorified vinegar. The wait staff were so prejudiced. We tried to go into the 'restaurant' to eat after having visited the pool. Fully clothed. We were advised that we needed to go and change as pool attire was not acceptable in the restaurant, low and behold the next day, at the same restaurant i see 4 italian tourists sitting on napkins. Not only were their clothes 'pool clothes' but they were ALSO SOPPING WET.7. The security guy - THE BIGGEST JOKE OF THE HOLIDAY. We mistakenly left our shoes inside one morning and only realised once it was too late and we were on concrete which had been warmed by the 45degree heat. With burning feet we tried to re enter the lobby wearing bath sheets in order to pick up our shoes. The security guard claimed that it was against the law to allow people in swimwear to enter the lobby. So we eventually had to wait 15mins to get the hotel manager to come and allow us 'special permission to enter the lobby'.This was relatively early on in the holiday and i went on to see all manner of inapproriately dressed individuals entering the lobby on a daily basis.8. Also the hotels location is rubbish, right at the very end of the Jumeriah Beach Boulevard. Too far from everything.The best thing about this hotel were the concierge. So polite, friendly and accommodating.	
Jul 1 2009 	Do not stay here please	We booked this hotel for our honeymoon, and the service received was so bad it made me cry. We arrived at 4am to be shown to our room which was all very nice. In the morning whilst taking a stroll around the site we noticed a very small sign (the only sign) that had been placed by the pool. The sign stated that the pool was going to close for renovations that evening and remain closed for 9 days. We were due to stay 10. When we booked our honeymoon we expected to have full use of the pool as well as the beach. We did not expect the whole hotel to be stuck on the very small patch of private beach having no refreshing pool to dive into. As we had saved for over a year to pay for this holiday we were understandably disappointed. We complained to the reception staff and then the manager whose explanation was that they can't help the pool requiring a renovation. I was furious and very upset. The hotel rep initially was uncontactable. The reception staff told us the problem was with our travel agent in the UK. As the pool was in Dubai as were we, we couldn't understand his logic. The travel agents claimed they never received any notifiaction about the closure. After 1 and a half days of our honeymoon being wasted on basically sitting on the reception (as they refused to speak to us) the rep finally gained approval from the travel agent to move us to the Hilton down the beach. The Hilton was fantastic. Stay there, not here. Additionally we booked Half board but on our first evening were given a bill for dinner. The half board only included £20 worth of dinner for some reason and there was no warning of this either. I would have marked the service as a zero, but you have to mark at least 1 on this sight.	
Jun 22 2009 	Enjoyable break	This was our first visit to Dubai, but probably wont be our last. We arrived early at the Sheraton and our room wasnt ready, however the desk offered us an room upgrade free of charge, but as it was inland view we didnt bother and waited for our room to become available. Worth the wait , pleasant room and always immaculately cleaned.As for the hotel, yes I agree the prices for drinks are expensive, i think a bottle of wine was about £40 also we paid about £8 for a beer and some water. We also visited the Hilton on a couple of occassions for drinks and for a mojito and a guinness it cost £18.If you drink a lot of water and are on a budget, then I would suggest that you purchase it outside of the hotel.This isnt an all inclusive hotel, so dont expect free water. Taxis are cheap if you get the normal ones. We liked the location of this hotel as it was at the end of the Walk so waspleasant to stroll out for our evening meal (La Dolce Vita and Indian Palace served good food, reasonably priced as well). Yes the hotel is next to a construction site (the Marina)didnt bother us at all, but bearing in mind the amount of construction in Dubai, not a problem. If you dont want to see construction sites then dont come to Dubai as it is a work in progress.Traffice can get quite congested at times if you are moving across the city, this is due to the ongoing roadworks. Afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab was fun and you felt like royalty.Didnt come across any bad or surly waiters as others seem to have, everybody was very pleasant, polite and helpful.As for the malls - I would also agree that the prices are more expensive than here although that is based on one visit to the Emirates mall. This was the only place where I thought that the shop staff were too pushy! Nice touch of the hotel to send up a cake for my birthday. We too have travelled extensively and found our stay there quite relaxing, yes we would stay there again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Wanted to rate it higher.....but couldn't justify it	Lets start with the good!Great beach, fantastic sea...probably the best I've been in.Unfortunately other than a good gym the rest is patchy to say the least.We have never been to Dubai previously although we have been to Cuba and lots of the Far East and Australia, so wasn't sure what to expect.We have stayed in a Sheraton before and you just couldn't compare with this experience.The service was poor in general and while there are one or two people willing to seek your needs the majority head for cover! I was even told off by one of the chaps in the garden for moving a sun lounger and potentialy getting him in trouble with his manager (a new experience for me). You just weren't made to feel very welcome and most of the staff appeared not to want to be there! The prices at the Hotel are very high especially for Water Sports, Alcohol, Soft Drinks, Food and most irritating of all WATER at £6 a bottle. They push a limo service (Audi A6) instead of a taxi anywhere and again it's another 40% dearer!Coke is £5 a can, beer £7 per pint and Watersports you need a mortgage.Charging for drinking water in temp as high as 49deg is just not acceptable. It has always been free in other hotels we have stayed in where it is hot and you can't drink from the tap! We found a local supermarket and carried large bottles back in the evening when it was cooler (only in the mid 30's around midnight)The location is the furthest you can get from Town before getting industrial around the corner from the Marina. there are many food outlets in an adjoining residential development that tower over the hotel. There are no facilities for Teens except the gym (over 16) unless you dig deep for water sports. You have to over 21 to go in the bar. 60 channels of TV, 3 of which are in English (Fox Movies, BBC World News and CNN)Dubai is generally a large unfinished building site (which we expected), but didn't expect the prices for everything in the shops to be 30% more expensive than the UK. The prices have risen drastically recently we were told and this reduced our stay to lounging around soaking up the sunshine and no shopping.Would we visit Dubai again....not sure, even though its only 6 hours to guaranteed sun, but probably too hot from May onwards for 4 months. Would we visit this Hotel again......definately not and probably would avoid other Sheraton's after our experience. A shame as I really was optimistic before travelling. Overall the hotel, a real disappointment for the money.	
May 31 2009 	A con hotel	I don't want to be long winded here but the experience we had as a group of 19 people is unanimously TERRIBLE. We all feel deceived when we were not granted the Starwood points and count of nights without being informed prior to entering into contract. We chose the hotel solely because of the loyalty program as we were actually offered cheaper rates at newer and more posh hotels.Our dissatisfaction doesn't stop there. Throughout our one month stays, we were given rude and unhelpful front desk and guest service. Example, a few of us had our free internet connections expired within 2 weeks of stay and requested for it to be renewed. The front desk and guest service did not get a simple task done, in fact, wasted almost half of our day coming back and forth the counter to check on the status (obviously, they promised to get back to us everytime we were there). As I don't want to be long-winded, I hope this example can show you how bad are they in serving the customers.For Starwood preferred guests, you better fight for your privileges as it is not given to you even if you asked. We, being at least Gold status guests, fought for so long during check in just to get into preferred floors.Also, for those who is going in through group bookings, be very careful with the sales and marketing staff. They are all unhelpful cons. When you faced problems pertaining to what was contracted, they will show up and give you promises that it will be settled but there will be no news from them after that, i.e., no follow up at all. That happened to the internet connection renewal I've mentioned above. All in all, this hotel is lacking communications among all the departments or even the staff. We wasted a lot of time and were frustrated for many times just because they don't communicate with each other.Don't ever go to this hotel!!!	
May 29 2009 	Another bad Sheraton experience	Turned up to find that they didnt have the seaview room we had booked, instead was put into a smelly room with a view over a building site. Awful. The chap at reception was very courteous about it though, and offered to get us a seaview room for our 2nd night. Which they did. Not a very organised outfit, and some of the reception staff were pretty bored in their service. Tried to charge me for a limousine service I didnt even use, and then grudgingly took it off my bill.Considering the standard of other hotels in Dubai, this one's pretty poor. However the location next to the beach is fantastic and the beach really is quite nice, although water was REALLY warm considering it was 47 degrees outside!Not a terrible hotel, but not what I'd expect from a Sheraton.....the name doesnt mean much anymore!	
May 16 2009 	Bad Service	We are residence of JBR and use the hotels facilities often till resent. After the management change at this hotel the service collapsed. On one occasion we saw the new Lebanese GM Mr. Dager shouting and abusing staff in the middle of the lobby, no wonder the service suffers.When I asked one of the waiters why he is so sad looking he told me his shift is for 12 hours without overtime payment and the staff diner is reduced as well. It was confirmed by many of the staff.We don’t support slavery and will not visit any Sheraton anymore!Helga Ott	
May 14 2009 	never stay there	My stay there just a month ago was petty much pathetic. there is ongoing building site next to the hotel, the staff is rude and not qualified , the conditions barevly meet the expectations of 2 or max 3 star hotel. never go there	
May 13 2009 	one NOT to choose	It`s hard to tell when I last wrote a hotel review. I am pretty aware things can always go wrong. But even on my first day ( I am actually still here ) I wanna save people such experience. It started on my arrival, got a good rate on internet, but at check-in I was asked to sign for the rate ex taxes though clearly I booked the rate including taxes. As a result, as it wasn`t enough they didn`t believe me, I had to take out my own computer to show them a print screen I`d made. And ... even that wasn`t enough, I needed to go to their internet space to get a printout from my inbox. When I got to the internet room, they came to tell me after all it was going to be ok... what a way of treating people (these things make me mad and make me write such reviews). So far a personal thing. Objective, just having walked around this hotel, I am sorry to say but can hardly believe this hotel can stay alive against what is being offered in Dubai. Worn and dated I would say, they have internet though not free and not fast.., the `poolbar` looks like a cheap cafeteria with refrigerators behind the bar showing adds, I don`t understand these folks, the grass area with palmtrees looks good, and if only a few things would be changed I could agree for a 4 star rating perhaps, but as it is now... you get, maybe not sea front, a far nicer, bigger and well equipped room at other places at nearly half the rate (including the tax of course :) ) I don`t know if other Sheratons in Dubai are like this, but I can only recommend not taking this one. I`ve stayed in many hotels in Dubai and elsewhere, so if you want my opinion ; business go to Hilton Deira or Radisson Blue Dubai Marina. For holiday, go to Palace The Old town BurjDubai if you don`t want sea front cos it will be cheaper, if you wanna get seafront, from less to more expensive, take Hiton Jumeirah, Jumeirah Beach or go for the best, One and Only MirageAnd to the Sheraton team, with current economy, Dubai upcoming hotels and hotels having occupancy of 50pcnt, go for a meeting please :) So far my review.	
May 11 2009 	Not as good as you would expect in Dubai	Not enough staff, unable to provide the level of service you would expect for a sheraton in Dubai - does not compare to le royal meridian or hilton just along the street for the same cost.	
May 7 2009 	Tired and terrible service	We have just returned from celebrating my birthday over the weekend in Dubai. I booked the Jumeirah Beach hotel via the SPG website. I night using reward points and 3 nights paying the best available rate. Before going I advised the reservations of my two seperate bookings and requested that we stay in the same room for the entire time. I received confirmation that this would happen. I also booked a King size bed.When we arrived we were allocated the grubbiest hotel room I have ever stayed in with two single beds and told I would be upgraded 'possibly' the following day ( we arrived at 1 am). When I went to reception the next morning the receptionist refused to allow me to speak to the duty manager and after some discussion the told me HE was the manager! I doubt this was the case at all - he had no interpersonal skills whatsoever. He was v dismissive of me and my complaints. and appeared to be a very junior member of reception staff. During my stay I witnessed other customers also getting angry with him!I wish we had just checked out and gone somewhere else!We did end up with a sea view room, with a king size bed thanks to intervention by a more sensible customer focused member of staff of the starwood preferred guest desk. But first impressions count - and I won't be back!On the positive side.....The pool was very nice as were the gardens and new sun loungers were being delivered during our stay. There are lots of nice food outlets within walking distance. Personally, I think the whole hotel is outdated and needs a refurb, its very overpriced for what you receive.	
May 4 2009 	Average place in Dubai Marina	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. It was a last minute choice to replace another destination where we couldn't find a flight. We have been twice to Dubai in the past with much better ( and much higher price ) hotels. We decided for the Sheraton to take advantage of a nice priced package. The hotel is really anonymous, could be there or everywhere else, is just a regular Sheraton, probably the only Arabian touch are few pillow on a carpet on one of the lobby corner.Rooms are spacious and clean, we were upgraded to a sea view room thanks to my gold Starwood Hotel card. Big deal ! City view rooms have the tallest building of Dubai Marina just across the street and no matter how your floor is high, the front tower is at least 30 floors higher than you, so sea view rooms are for me mandatory. The beach is nice and clean with a beautiful garden between the beach and the hotel, beach chairs are comfortable too. Food is average at the Palm restaurant, every night there is a buffet dinner, best are Lebanese and Indian nights. There are also a Chinese restaurant and a grill restaurant where you can dine with a credit if you are in half or full board or pay a la carte . We haven't been there. The SPA is OK and the fitness center is small but well equipped. Vines and other alcohol drinks are expensive, but a bottle of San Pellegrino water for 6 euro is OK. All the staff is very friendly specially waiters and housekeepers.Outside there is the Dubai Marina where, if you like it you can find a great selections of fast food, bar and little more. Overall is a good family hotel, but if you go to Dubai in my opinion reduce the length of your stay, but don't shrink your budget is never a wise choice. Otherwise you get what you pay for.	
Apr 16 2009 	Wonderful and outstanding customer care	Arriving in the pouring rain and noticing construction sites either side of the hotel was concerning- but once we had checked in and saw the hotel we were relieved. We arrived at 6 am and for a small extra upgrade for a sea view suite rather than a land view, the staff organised for our room to be ready early so we were in our rooms by 9am. The food was of a high standard and the chefs were happy to modify dishes as needed, the pool was gorgeous (and heated) and the grounds beautiful with bird song and immaculate lawns which rolled to the beach. Occasionally we could hear a faint hum of construction work but nothing intrusive at all. The service throughout by all staff was excellent- friendly helpful and accommodating. Nothing was too much trouble. Our suite (there were no family rooms left) was pricey but spacious quiet and very clean. We paid a bit extra for a breakfast package and use of the towers executive facilities (free drinks and internet use etc) this was good value.The beauty treatments were great and the gym / sauna and steam rooms well equipped. The children enjoyed sailing and banana boat rides at the water sports centre. We have stayed at the Sheraton in Luxor and remember that was also excellent and will now try to use this group as much as possible.	
Apr 16 2009 	Perfect end to 40th Wedding Anniversary	It all started with two nights in Hong Kong a month earlier, a 22 night segment of a world cruise followed and wound up with three nights in the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach. One mistake, should have stayed longer. Staff in all areas were knowledgeable, pleasant, obliging and courteous.	
Apr 15 2009 	I have you kids great value but for couples find somewhere else	We booked a 3 night stay on the Starwood Preffered Guest website (SPG.com) It looks great on the website but in reality, its a let down. Be prepared to wait in long queue of traffic before you can get to the hotel since the road in front of the hotel is used as car posing strip for all sorts people who like drive in their pimped up cars along this area. When we eventually arrived at the hotel reception we had to wait several hours, until we could have the keys to our room due to the hotel being over booked and the only answer we could be given was they have a board member waiting for their room, so we should wait before him??? The hotel for breakfast facilities are like a disaster zone, the staff working in the breakfast area advised us that it is too small for the numbers or persons utilising it, I adise to just walk across the road and use one of the many restuarants that offer better service and prices for meals, The rooms have no luxury feel too them at all and are in poor condition in comparison to the other hotels along the same strip where I have stayed at previously, The pool and grassy areas at first sight look nice but the actual sun loungers feel like they need updating they feel very uncomfortable. There is a lot of building work on one side of the hotel as part of the marina build. It is ok for families with kids who like to run riot aroudn the hotel and for teens who are not really interested in appearance but just a place to have fun, but for the visitors searching for some level of luxury stay away this not the place.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great relax with you partner or family	I spent few days at the hotel with my wife and really enjoyed the time together. We swam in the pool and the sea, lying under the palms and enjoyed the great service.Even the hotel is a bit far away from the Dubai Center there is plenty of good shopping opportunities and we used the hotel shuttle bus to take us to the nearby malls. Even there was construction work going nearby, it didn't really disturbed us and if ever returning back I would definately choose the same hotel as I want to see when Dubai Marina Area is finished with walkways etc.	
Apr 11 2009 	Really Bad View	first of all never found so many clueless people working at the same place. I figure they just came off the boat and started working , no one knew nothing. Ask a question to two people, you will get 3 different answers.We got view of construction people working round the clock.Since we are Indians, security guard who was also Indian constantly followed us and at the end ask why you guys are here? do you live in this hotel? what room you stay? his tone was not friendly. Buddy not all Indians are hand to mouth like you . grow up! which by the way he did not act to another people just us.If you are Indian, please do not go because you get harassed by your own brothers.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great hotel - if slightly out of the main action	The hotel is right at the end of Jumeira beach which means that it is a cab ride from all the main attractions. This will be less of a problem when the major local developments are completed. The main development is very well advanced and runs along a stretch called &quot;The Walk&quot; which leads up to this hotel. This area already houses a number of shops restaurants and cafes and will provide many more when fully complete. Simlarly, just behind the hotel is a marina and canal development which will provide more shops cafe's and restaurants and also a pleasant walk. The development had no major impact on us either in terms of dust or noise, it just means that journey times are extended. Also, if you don't want to use the cabs, the hotel has a good selection of amenties ranging from it's own beach, pool, gym and Spa, together with bars and restaurants. The latter are expensive, but this is a 5 star hotel so it is to be expected. We had a sea view room on the forth floor which was very spacious and well appointed. with a beautiful outlook. The staff were all very pleasant and efficient and generally we had a great time there.	
Feb 24 2009 	good for families and spa experience	So I had to spend 8 days in Dubai for business, the best cost and benefit seemed to be the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach Resort. I booked with my travel agent and he got me a half board package with a sea view room for a very fair price.ARRIVAL: I arrived at 11pm and my luxury pick up vehicle was strictly on time so I though well so far so good. When I got there i discovered that my second floor sea view room had its &quot;sea view&quot; actually covered by palm tree tops, so the reception offered me two possibilities, either a Tower Room or a Junior Suite. I chose the tower room since it offered as many benefits as the suite for half the price. I had tower lounge access, featuring free happy hour with all kinds of appetizers and drinks available and also unlimited business center access, the room itself had a large private balcony/terrace from which I could overlook both the city and the sea, had it been on the opposite corner of the hotel I would even have a sunset view (I was on the left side of who looks from the beach to the hotel building).HOTEL/CONCIERGE: The hotel is quite big, but still medium-size for what I found to be the Dubai hotel standards, it has a large lobby and great restaurants, it also has a shisha bar for those who like to smoke water pipe, and you can have them at the main gardens as well. The pool was small to my standards considering it's a beach resort, but anyway, the gardens are huge and the private beach is considerably good, so it seems to be a great option for traveling with kids. The hotel concierge was kind to assist me with every possible doubt and promptly recommended good restaurants and bars nearby. At the time there was a realty agency kiosk at the reception offering tours through their developments so I booked a free real estate tour and got to see Dubai being driven around in a comfy Audi Q7 for free, also their developments were amazing, I even considered investing in one or two apartments there but guess what? Recession came a few weeks later, lol.STAFF/SERVICE: The staff was by far one of the best I ever was served by. Everyone really seemed to actually care, like, they all knew me by name and seemed really focused in helping me with my every request. Every time I wanted something they'd promptly answer to my requests and they were always available to give advice on what to do in Dubai and where to go, etc.. Very helpful indeed.LOCATION: The location itself is a bit of far away, for those who want to be near the action I recommend something on the outskirts of the Creek (for business) or at the Jumeirah Resorts area (for leisure). This hotel is great, but it's fit for those who want to relax and enjoy some time on their own. If you're looking for having a good time with your family and enjoying great spa service and amazing staff attention, go for this hotel, if you're looking for intense nightlife, unlimited shopping experience and super haute cuisine I'd recommend the Kempinski hotel at the Mall of the Emirates (where there is actually a large ski slope with snow! hhaha) or the Jumeirah Beach Hotel near the Burj al Arab.OVERALL IMPRESSION: This is a nice hotel for people looking forward to staying offline for a while, if you want premium spa service, a sunny private beach and excessive attention don't think twice, this is the hotel for you. They can really arrange everything and if spending a couple of extra bucks with taxi to the city doesn't bother you go ahead and book it. The hotel is surrounded by a large real estate development named the Dubai Marina with countless offices, restaurants, residential buildings and cafes like Starbucks, etc., so it's very adequate for families and couples that want to relax and have some good time on their own.	
Feb 22 2009 	Jumeirah Beach Pleasure	Just returned from a weekend at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach. Top notch property and great service. My ocean view room on the 6th floor had luxurious bathroom with Grohe faucets, flat Samsung LCD etc. The beach is fantastic. The Internet is ridiculously expensive (when will hotels learn?) The hotel is the last property on the now finished &quot;Walk&quot; at Jumeriah beach. Other than a trip to Mall of Emirates, I never left the area. Treat yourself.	
Feb 6 2009 	The Club floor 	We had read many mixed reviews before choosing to stay at this hotel; we were worried but decided to try Sheraton Jumeirah Beach Hotel and were not disappointed!ARRIVING &amp; DEPARTINGWe moved from the Four Points by Sheraton Sheikh Zayed Road in the financial district to the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach to stay in two different areas of Dubai. We were very pleased we did that as enjoyed both for different reasons. We arrived by the hotel car service of the Four Points that was close in price to a taxi and had the driver demand a tip. On departing the hotel for the airport we had a lovely taxi driver who had wonderful knowledge of his country and city Dubai. It took about 45 minutes. We took a few taxis to visit nearby areas during our stay, Mall of Emirates being one and the hotel was well known so no problems getting there &amp; back. RECEPTION/RESERVATIONA friendly and professional staff member greeted us when we arrived. Our reservation was as we had booked it, a club lounge room including breakfast. As our stay was at the end of Ramadan we had the restaurant and bar services explained to us as well as a letter detailing the opening hours of each one. The staff member highlighted the Ramadan tent on the beach with the buffet dinner and that the club lounge would be operational as normal. It was nice to have this information that was important to us given at the beginning of our experience at the hotel so we knew what was open when. On the morning we left the hotel there was one staff member to six different guests waiting for service. Perhaps there was a staff member off sick or not available to work, however a second staff member would have assisted in a more efficiency and pace of the queue.ROOMWe were on the same floor as the club lounge, had a spacious room with a big balcony that looked over the walk of the newly constructed area. There was no noise and the construction was in the last stages when we stayed here so we did not have any bad experience with noise or view. To us, to see so many modern structures was amazing, so we did not mind not having the water view as we starred at the Dubai of tomorrow out of the window! The service involved in the club room was outstanding. The staffs were all very friendly and welcoming; there was a turn down service of a night where we had gifts left on our pillows and little chocolates. We also found a gift from the hotel in our room, something we certainly did not expect and thought was very nice! The room had a sitting area, TV with satellite channels, mini bar, as well as a very comfortable bed! There were two bottles of water replaced twice a day in our room as well as unlimited soft and hot drinks available unlimited throughout the day in the club lounge. The amenities in the bathroom were restocked twice a day and a good choice was available. There was sun tan lotion, tooth brushes, shampoo, conditioner, soaps, mouthwash, and bath gel to mention a few. If one forgot an item at home is sure to find it here or have it made available if not in the room! The room was nice and clean and pleasant. It had good air condition in the room; however we chose to leave one of our two cards in to keep it operating when not in the room as there was a slight smell of humidity if we left it off. The bathroom was of a good size, again not the latest in modern that is offered in hotel rooms however very clean and loved the extra towels available.  FACILITIESThe Club Lounge was worth the extra money to enjoy as part of our room price. The lounge had free internet terminal (only the one) with the request of only short time use, friendly staff on the door to meet and greet, and a good range of drinks (both alcoholic and non alcoholic) to enjoy. Of the evening supper that also includes snacks was an excellent range!! The breakfast had again a very pleasing selection of options and the staff member made coffee orders on request. The balcony that is off the Club Lounge offered wonderful views of the beach, Palm Island in the distance and nearby buildings. We enjoyed a light meal at The Coffee House in the lobby area, nice fast service. The beach area was well organised, we got the towels from the staff member just on the entry area to the beach and didn’t have any problems getting the sun lounge and umbrella. The water was 28 degrees and so lovely to swim in! The view of the distant Palm Island was to the right with other construction. The only thing we did not like about this hotel was we had to cross the hotel lobby to access the elevator to go to the hotel rooms from the pool/beach area.AREA It was a short taxi ride to the Mall of Emirates the largest shopping mall where just about everything could be found! We ate at the buffet style restaurant at the Sezzam restaurant at Kempinski Hotel Mall of Emirates whilst watching Ski Dubai! Amazing. We visited the Miraj Islamic Centre, a very interesting museum and showroom. Nearby and in the surrounding area of the hotel was nice to take a walk through the new area, there were a few eateries and coffee shops to choose from in the area too. Dubai is a city that has so much to offer a visitor and the time we spent choosing the areas we would stay in was worth doing as the options are endless. We liked splitting our stay between the financial district and the Jumeirah beach area and would recommend it for the visitor spending minimum 5-7 days to appreciate different sides of Dubai.	
Jan 30 2009 	The beds	How can anyone complain about the beds at this hotel - they are without doubt the most comfortable beds that I have ever slept on. Recently when I had to buy a new bed I thought of those beds and tried to find out where they were made!!We stayed in the suite which had 3 bedrooms our was a massive bed which as soon as you got in you were asleep and never moved! The other two bedrooms had big singles 2 in each. It was a wonderful place, so clean and the service was just wonderful - friendly helpful staff - the food fantastic at the pool bar at lunchtimes - We all had the time of our lives and even though there was building work going on - when you got down to the beach or in the gardens - you were in heaven!! You are on holiday - just go with the flow and enjoy yourselves stop wasting precious time looking for things to complain about ..................... SHERATON JUMERIAH BEACH - out of all the restaurants and hotels we visited whilst there - it was magical to stay with you and I would return in a breath!!!	
Jan 26 2009 	Stay in Dubai - Jumeirah	I stayed in this hotel for 10 days. I went there for business but I had my girlfriend with me (shhh, don't tell anyone).All the staff of the hotel was very polite, welcoming, and helpful: room service, concierge, reception desk etc. The hotel features sauna (turkish and finnish), squash courts, gym, pool and access to the beach. The pool is heated which is nice in January (average temperature is 20C in Dubai at that time of the year, with the occasional very brief rain).The room is very nice and we enjoyed a big balcony. The room had a so-called king size bed but it really amounted to a standard double bed. The room had officially view on the city but really we could see the sea from the balcony since it was huge (20 sqm) and connected to the balcony of the next room which had view on the sea (never saw anyone on their side though).The location of the hotel is very nice, it's 40 minutes from the airport (85 DH to go there from the airport and a bit less to go back, maybe 60). It's the last hotel on the Jumeirah Beach resort, located at the end of &quot;The Walk&quot;. &quot;The Walk&quot; is a very lovely cobble-stoned street filled with stores and rather cheap restaurants that do not sacrifice service, quality, nor quantity. &quot;The Walk&quot; is crowned by accomodation buildings of high class that have yet to be filled with people. &quot;The Walk&quot; itself is always lively and crowded without being too oppressive or noisy, which is nice.Like all the rest of Dubai though, the area is still heavily under construction but you can tell there are some great things waiting to happen to make this place look even more awesome. On a side note, the hotel is also nearby the Marina which just got its first boats.Definitely a very nice place to stay.	
Jan 25 2009 	Very nice	Me and my boyfriend spent there 2 lovely weeks. Hotel was very nice and clean. Staff was very friendly. We loved the food in the bar(cocktails were tasty as well). Food in the restaurants is lovely as well. Hotels beach is very nice, water clean. The only minus is the distance from the city centre, but still you can get a taxi-hotel has its own taxis. I definately recommend it.	
Dec 26 2008 	Sheraton/Starwood you should be ashamed	We have stayed at several hotels in Dubai and this was the most disapointing. Massive construction in the marina area and on all three sides of the hotel property. Streets are all torn up and consruction noises going on day and night (construction never stops in Dubai). We are by no means 5 star hotel snobs and have spent our fair share of nights in budget places all over the world. When we spend the kind of many (or points in our case) that this place charges we expected far more. Both the Four Points downtown and the Sheraton Dubai Creek are far better properties but of course they lack the beach. The Jumeirah seemed a bit run down and there were awful sewage smells in a number of areas in the hotel. The fitness center was on par with your slightly above average business hotel but not the resort quality that this hotel aspires to. Overall the firnishings and decor were not near what one would expect in a 5-star hotel. This would be something like a 3 star hotel in most resort locations such as Hawaii. The beach was anything but realxing with the construction carrying on 200 feet away as well as the smell of oil wafting across the property. We spent the second half of our trip in Mauritius and for the same cost the Grand Mauritian was the best hotel we've stayed in. When compared to these other, truly luxurious resorts the Sheraton Jumeirah is a huge disapointment.	
Nov 13 2008 	Disappointed hotel	I stayed at Sheraton Jumeirah with my wife for two days, on our way back from Maldives.I should say that I was somehow disapointed with it. First, I booked bed and breakfast and in the reception I was said that beakfast was not included. After 5 minutes they realized that it was included. In both breakfasts, I was presented with with a bill to sign (and then to pay)...of course I didn't. I went to the breakfast room at 9AM and I had to wait for a free table. That's not the thing we expect from a Sheraton hotel.Then, I booked an excursion to the desert and they booked a different one. It was the same king of excursion but a different company.The swiming pool is not bad and the beach is small. The location is not very good, but I wonder if there is any good location in Dubai. Everything is too far and we need a taxi to go anywhere we want. Probably it was the last time I went to Dubai. Lot's of shops (not really cheap), lots of cars and too many constructions going on.	
Nov 1 2008 	Not a nice Experience	We paid for Half Board stay during the booking with Emirates Resorts. On arrival we were told that our booking was Bed and Breakfast and not HB. For the entire stay we had no assurance from the hotel even after querying it everyday. We stayed for 7 nights and was only confirmed about 2 days before checking out that we were on HB. Surprisingly during checkout we were partly charged for the HB meal plan as the staff said that there was a limit to the amount we could spend on our HB.And again the hotel beds were very uncomfortable and gave me and my partner a back-ache.	
Oct 23 2008 	forget this hotel	my first problem is that the hotel didn't have the room i'd booked (sea view towers room). instead they could only offer a cheaper room with a view of the building site at the side of the hotel and not a &quot;towers&quot; room. they had no real explanation why - in truth they probably over sell, expecting some cancellations. I wasn't too happy, since I have a starwood platinum card and expect at least to get the room I book (if not an upgrade), not a DOWNGRADE !!The room itself was quite bare with furniture and really noisy - both from the room above and from the corridor. You could hear everyone walk past and furniture being moved upstairs. The hotel is located at the end of the beach street, and thanks to all the road works and one-way system you must travel the whole length of the street, behind cars doing 7km/h. once I reached the hotel the car park was full on both nights so I could not park it myself. On the second night they moved me to the room i'd booked, it was bigger but really bare with furniture and quite a small window (if a sea view from it). noise problems remained. Thanks to this poor treatment I shortened my stay from 10 days to 2 days and moved to radisson residence about 1km away. for the same price I got a one bedroom flat that was a haven of silence.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Rooms Nice Gardens and Facilities Boring Beach and Poor Service	The Sheraton in Jumeirah Beach has the feel of a quality hotel. The rooms are great and it looks nice once you get in but then it gets worse. The service offered by the staff at the Reception Desk is poor to say the least. They do not smile or offer pleasantries - service is very poor and it spoiled my stay.A little effort by the staff in the hotel and this would have received 4 or maybe 5 stars.The clientele at the hotel is mostly British &quot;chavs&quot; - low class wannabes that spoil it for others. It may be that there were so many because it was Ramadan and the hotel cost was lower than normal as a result.The gardens are nice and so is the pool. The shops are expensive. The beach is clean but a tad boring - but thats Dubai for you.I would stay again but only for the quality of the rooms and the location. Dubai is a bit of a concrete jungle and a soul-less city. Maybe in a few years it will have a bit more charm.	
Aug 23 2008 	Liked hotel didn't think much to Dubai	We stayed here for christmas and new year, the hotel was very nice and the staff very friendly. The meal and the night that they put on, on new years eve was excellent, we had a great night. But when we were there the hotel was right in the middle of a building site, and by the photos now it still doesn't look like it has changed that much, the whole of Dubai is just one huge building site really cant see what people see in the place! the best part is the old town which seems to be the only place you can go to that isn't man made!! It is definatly worth a trip there, and the Madinet Jumeirah they have some nice places to eat and drink, and you cant see any building work from there, but again it is all false and man made and you are stuck with the hotel prices. But anyway if you are going to give Dubai a go this is a very nice hotel.	
Aug 9 2008 	Ejected from my refreshing bath!!!	After the legendary service of Thailand it was always going to be difficult for Dubai to stand up to it and so it panned out.We found Dubai a bit of a shock after the far-east!The hotel was pretty good overall but i didn`t like the number of brits decked out in football kit around the hotel and particularly in the restaurants.The rooms were nice as were the gardens- although the pool area had a &quot;Butlins 1970`s &quot; feel to it - crammed to the gunnelswith lots of shouting and 1980`s pop music blazing out! Our stay was marred by a member of the front desk summoning me to reception telling me our stay was only for two days,whenwe`d paid for three!!! I did receive a sort of apology but his attitudesummed up this establishment - average.	
Aug 5 2008 	Amazing	The hotel is lovely, clean, amazingThe food is wonderful specially the Mexican daytry to book a sea view room it is amazingthe hotel is excellent to familys with kids	
Jul 28 2008 	great for couple of nights en route	we stayed 2 nights on our way to Hong Kong, arriving about 8.30am. We were told the room wouln't be ready until 11, in fact it was 12 o'clock but we'd left the swimwear on top of the case and after a coffee headed for the beach and one of the many sunloungers. WE booked the hotel using air miles which said included half board. Reception told us we were ony booked for bed and breakfast, but fortunately we had the papers to prove it, so they contacted airmiles and confirmed the half board later. Also, the room safe didn't work, but they came up withus, unscrewed the safe and brought another a few minutes later!Despite a shaky start, we really enjoyed staying here, though I agree with a previous review that there was very little information about services. I was pleased therefore that I'd remembered various trip advisor reports. eg1.there was a free shuttle to a mall. Actually, it was a pretty new one with fantastic architecture(based on about 6 different countries(inc china, India.Persia) but the shops vere very average and we struggled to fill the 2.5 hours here.2.buying a bolttle of water on the beach for 6dhs(just under £1) got you a coolbox full of ice to keep it and any other things cold.Other things of note:when you approached the beach, an attendant cape with 2 towels for each, and arranged one on the sunbed you'd chosen, and made a pillow out of the other!The evening meal buffet was fantastic(even if not included, well worth the price(just over £20). Each night had a different theme - we were there for Tuesday, which was Italian, and Wednesday, Asian,. LOts of choice of salady starters, they would cook something for main course or there was a carvery or plenty of other choices inc duck. then some great desserts. Yes, wine was also over £20.Happy hour in the bar, we didn't discover till the 2nd night - I think from 7 - 8. Most drinks half price and various nibbles were brought. I think other nights also had cheap coktails and other offers.Loved the beach, lots of shells, though water likje a warm bath! and also the pool - water a bit cooler.There were changing rooms with sauna nd steam room and lockers(get key from fitness desk - its free) though the notice said you should remain dressed at all times in the changing room!! View from room was the building site, though no doubt will be yet another high rise building. Actually it was quite fascinating to watch all the activity and you could see the sea to the side.We got a basket of fruit the first night with the turn-down service, but not the second??ALL in all,we would stay here againif coming to Dubai. and our problems were dealt withpromptly.	
Jul 24 2008 	Must try harder	We visited this hotel just last week and i wasn't impressed with the service we received.The hotel staff are surly and there is a distinct lack of information offered by staff about breakfast, dinner, lunch, shuttle buses, concierge services upon arrival unless you ask yourselves.they offer 1 shuttle bus to the Mall of the the Emirates and 2 to Abn Buttata and that's it. The hotel itself is located at the far end of Jumeirah beach and a taxi to the souks costs around £10 a time.Given that the hotel is rated as a five star - the service is not that great. We also had to query the bill at the end as we were overcharged for a breakfast that should have been included in our package so i would check the bill carefully. They don't offer drinks (even water or soft drinks) as part of their half-board dinner package.on the plus side, the rooms are clean and spacious. The beach is lovely and clean too and the staff at the hotel salon are very friendly.	
Jun 24 2008	Clean friendly and away from the "old Dubai" hustle and bustle	We arrived at 3am in Dubai, once we were at reception we had our bags taken to our rooms and booked in quickly, no fuss. Rooms were spacious clean, and even had a bottle of bubbly on ice. It was a bit to early in the morning but a lovely suprise. Every day we had sumptious breakfast nothing was a problem for the friendly staff. It was also used by local business men not just a tourist location, which was great for people watching and spotting. The gardens and beach were so clean and the grounds staff and bar guys were smiling in th 44degrees celcius to kindly keep us re-hydrated and fed! The on beach water sports were great no wandering anywhere to find anything the conciearge found us everything we requested, even a booking at Gordon Ramseys new Restaurant. The new &quot;the Walk&quot; along Jumeria beach is being built and provided a lovely evening walk and suprised us how fast they were building things! The only downside was getting caught in the rush hour traffic onthe Jumerira beach road into &quot;old Dubai&quot;. but airconditioning and luxury taxi took away this stress!	
Jun 19 2008 	Hated it!	This review will be short as we did not like this hotel but have to be honest to let you know the rooms are clean, well maintained and plenty of amenities. (We booked 2 nights as a stopover from Oman).We go to Dubai every year and usually stay at the O&amp;O Royal Mirage Residence &amp; Spa but every other alternative hotel was full. This hotel was a shock!We booked 2 landview rooms but they should change that to &quot;building site or skyscraper&quot; view rooms. A lot of noise, 24 hours a day!!!It is full of rude russian people and staff (not all!) are not very attentative.The breakfast was excellent though but otherwise we ate at the IBN Batuta Mall which is very close by and only about 10 to 15 minutes away taxi. A great shopping mall!As we stayed at this hotel 8 years ago when it was still a Radisson SAS hotel, we thought it could not be too bad.The pool and the gardens need a make-over but the beach is nice and the waves are super. Beware though when swimming with kids!Will certainly never return!	
Jun 17 2008	"ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC....!!!"	Where do i start....we arrived in Dubai at 3am and had booked room on arrival which was all ready for us to go in straight away! We had a twin room, very clean, very spacious and the beds were really big ;-) our room was cleaned daily, fresh towels and a turn down service was provided (and we only stayed in the base room type - Land/Marina View room). We stayed on Bed and Breakfast but recieved complimentary Half Board as part of an offer with tradewinds holidays who we booked through...and i have to say the food was AMAZING. Somthing different, a huge variety and really delicious. The beach and the watersports are really exceptional, we did parasailing, water skiing and went on a boat ride and they weren't too expensive either which was quite a shock but topped off the experience!! The staff i must say are some of the friendliest people i've ever met, they will do ANYTHING to make your stay comfortable! The entertainment in the hotel is extremely good, they have live guitarists playing during evening meals, they also have a belly dancer night on thursdays which is alot of fun!! I would also recommend to try the shisha (arabic pipe) at the hotel in the shisha tent its a great way to unwind in the evening!! Although it is a little far out (about 30mins from the city) the hotel provide comlimentary transport to and from all the major shopping malls/souks in dubai which allows you to save on money for taxis!!! Overall our week in Dubai has to be the best holiday we've been on so far i would recommend the place and highly recommend this hotel as it's perfect in every way!!!	
Jun 13 2008 	Dubai - worth a visit	Booked 3 nights in the Sheraton as part of a two centre holiday - 12 nights in the Maldives and 3 nights in Dubai.Didnt get off to a great start - after being on the go for 24 hours we arrived at the hotel at approx 7am to be told that rooms are not available until 3pm. This wasnt explained to us and I blame the travel agent for this, however the hotel staff were sympathetic and helpful and had rooms available for us for 11am.The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms we had were spacious, comfortable and could not fault it. Only one comment I'd make is I would have liked a balcony.The gardens and hotel grounds are spotless and the staff always pleasant. We were half board and the breakfasts and evening meals were delicious with plenty to choose from.The pool was nice and cool and made a change from the sea (having spent 12 nights in the Maldives previously). However we walked down to the beach and could not believe how warm the sea water was - warmer than a bath at home.The Jumeirah beach area is still under construction and the sight of skyscrapers has to be seen to be believed. The buildings are amazing when all lit up at night and there was plenty to do. 3 nights isnt enough to enjoy everything Dubai has to offer. Just along from our hotel is a KFC (which was still being worked on) and a Pizza place - delicious pizzas at great prices. Buying alcohol in the hotel was pretty expensive but I suppose staying in a 5* hotel you can expect to pay 5* prices.We went to the Mall of the Emirates which is home to Ski Dubai - amazing that the outside temperature was in the 40's and the ski centre was -6.We also ventured to the Gold Souk and although it was extremely hot outside even in late afternoon there are some of the shops indoors with air conditioning. The sight of gold and diamonds is amazing but you have to haggle when buying anything. I bought a yellow/white gold ring and have seen the same ring on the internet costing £500 more than I paid. Its worth shopping about though as there is so much to choose from and dont just buy the first thing you see. Not sure id I was just lucky or if that kind of saving is normal.On the day we left, we were picked up at 4.10am and it was still hot, it was like standing in front of a fan oven at high temerature - thankfully hotels and restaurants all had air con.One final thing - Dubai Airport, an amazing sight. We got off the plane and it took us 20 mins on a bus to get to the terminal building. Its huge, got a great selection of Duty Free goods and great for people watching.Check out the pictures to get an idea of Dubai,John	
Jun 13 2008 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at the Sheraton Jumeriah beach resort for 5 nights in June 08. Arrived early at the hotel 0900, checkin is not officially until 1500 but our room was ready at 1200. Lovely spacious room, good amenities. we stayed on a half board basis. The food in the main restaurant was delicious, a different theme each night. Lots of choice, beautifully presented and of a very high quality. Only downside was the wine, £25 a bottle or £5.50 a glass.Loved the beach area, i thought beach was actually quite big, couldnt see much evidence of erosion. It was very clean and well kept. Plenty of sunloungers and umbrellas or wooden palalpas. We bought water from the hotel for the day, a little steep in price but liked the touch of the ice filled cool box to keep by the sunlounger!The grounds were spacious and attractive with loungers on the grassed area as well. Pool area was good, swim up bar and poolside bar.There was construction next door but it didnt really bother us.The hotel is a way from the main city but this is the same for all the hotels on Jumeriah beach. We used the hotel car to go into centre, a little more expensive than regular taxi but had the added bonus of organising them to pick us up, especially as we went out on friday night and taxis are hard to get at 10pm.The area outside the hotel is being made into a long strip of restaurants and shops, once finished will be excellent for a different scene at night.Overall I was very pleased with the hotel and had a great stay.	
Jun 2 2008 	Not bad...	Stayed for a week in June 2007.Arrived at approx 4am Dubai time but was still given good check in service.Room, basic but clean, slippers and robes provided if I recall correctly.Found the food on site limited, and nowhere to really buy even a drink. Small basic gift shop.Nice beach.Apart from the beach a couple of days didn't really spend much time in the actual resort itself.Dubai itself was basically one big building site, but didn't really impact our holiday. When its all finished its going to look beautiful and really modern.Alcohol available on site and at the Hard Rock, but not at Applebees or TGI Fridays-they serve 'mocktails'. Sime nice shopping malls, and the indoor ski slope is amazing and a really clever concept.Went to the 'Creek' and the Marina, some amazing skyscrapers in the Financil district.Taxi's readily available from Concierge.Would go back if no other hotels available, but would like to try elsewhere.	
May 29 2008	Fantastic Dubai	Just returned from Dubai with my wife and would like to share our experience with you all. We stayed at the Sheraton hotel on jumeriah beach which was an excellent choice with great staff and service and a fantastic beach to enjoy. Went for evening cocktails at the Burj which is a must whilst out there if you can.Had an evening at the gold souk which is quite a daunting experience and purchased finally at caras in the gold and diamond district,felt safer there after reviews on TA. Visited the madinet jumeriah souks and hotels there what a time we had on the gondalas looking at the sights. All in all we had an amazing time in Dubai and can,t really find any faults in the whole experience. Can,t wait to go back..	
May 29 2008 	Lovely 5 star hotel bit far out though	My Husband and I went on our own for a late Anniversary break for 4 nights.Gorgeous 5 star hotel, very clean, excellent service - room turn down every night with little gifts of body lotion and dates.Breakfast was excellent with so much choice - buffet style with freshly cooked omelettes to order, bacon, toast, cakes, etc.3 different styles of restaurants - only ate in one of them but very good and reasonably priced.Private beach which was lovely and clean. Really pretty gardens leading down to the beach.Two small downsides is that it is too far from the other hotels and you have to catch a taxi - for instance some closer to the city are clumped together and if you wish to nose at the other hotels it's too far out! For anyone not wishing to wander around, it would be an ideal location. The only other negative is that they were building a new hotel right next to the hotel - cannot say though that it caused us trouble and noise/dust wasn't a problem either.	
May 19 2008 	The friendliest hotel I ever stayed in	I stayed at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach Resort for our honeymoon. Although we were a bit suspicious with the construction they were talking about, we wanted to go ahead with our plans. And I am glad that we did. First of all, most of the construction around the area is almost finished and the surrounding is very nice with new restaurants an shops around the hotel.And the hotel does not get afftected at all from the noise or dust. From the first they we arrived at the hotel, it was impressive with the service, cleanliness and the food. Rooms are really spacious and we had a great sea view room. When they get to know that we are non honeymoon we got an upgrade and we were treated like VIPs all throughout the stay! The attention to detail is impressive. The only negative comment I could make is that the hotel is far from the city and taxis in Dubai are quite expensive. But still you are provided with free shuttle buses to major malls which make it easier! Overall we had a great time and I will definetely return back to this lovely hotel	
May 18 2008 	A Nice Hotel	My friend and I stayed at the hotel between May 3rd and 9th. Overall, it's a really nice and clean hotel with very helpful staff. As a Starwood member, I was also able to extend my checkout time to 4 pm instead of the normal 12 pm. One negative I would say about the hotel is its location. There's quite a number of construction going on (as pointed out by other reviewers here) so you sort of feel like you're stepping out to a construction ground sometimes. Having said that, I must say that the convenience of public transportation, especially the cab, more than makes up for it. A sample of the cost, including tips, of cab rides to/from the hotel are as follow: 80 - 100 dirham for the airport, 25 dirham to Burj Al Arab, 30 dirham to the IBN Batutta mall, and 70 dirham to the Gold souq. There's also a bus one can take to the Gold souq. It's bus #8 or X25. It's around the corner from the residential building that's across from the hotel. If you have time to spare, this is a great way to take in the city and the cost is only around 3 dirham per person. When taking the bus back to the hotel, let the driver know that your stop is the Dubai Marina. Many of the #8 bus drivers do not know where the hotel is and would tell you that it does not take you there. The bus ride to the Gold Souq took close to 1.5 hours each way during the busy hours of the workday. As for the hotel facilities, I love the gym. It's well equipped and not crowded. With the pools and the private beach, I guess most people do not need to use the gym. For squash lovers, there's also two squash courts. Food-wise, the Peacock Chinese restaurant has really good food. The Sunday night Seafood buffet dinner on the ground floor, however, was disappointing. It cost 175 dirham. I guess our disappointment was mainly due to an awesome international lunch buffet we had at the Latitude restaurant in the Jumeirah Beach hotel earlier in the day. That was worth every bit of the 165 dirham it cost. Save room for the dessert because there's just so many variety for one to try out. Room-wise, I think it was above average. Very comfortable. I appreciate the complimentary bottle of water they provided each day (otherwise you spend 16 dirham for a 0.5 liter bottle at the coffee shop on the ground floor; a much better alternative is at Starbucks, which is across the street from the hotel. A 0.5 liter bottle cost 6 dirhams or so. Basically you can buy two bottles for the price of one at the hotel). The hotel also provided some complimentary snacks each afternoon (e.g., dates and local desserts).I would stay at this hotel again in the future, but for my next planned trip later this year, I'm planning to go to the Jumeirah Beach hotel. The food at the Latitude restaurant alone would make me want to stay there. 8-)	
May 15 2008 	great stay apart from taking holiday during Ramadam	Me and 4 friends stayed here for a week and a bit, and really enjoyed ourselves.There is so much to do here, there is something for everyone and you would be mad to not have a good time! the hotel rooms were really nice and clean and the hotel in general was a very high standard. the staff were really helpful and all of the excursions we booked were made straight forward and stress free thanks to them.my only dislike was the fact we had travelled during the month of ramadam! We knew this when we booked, but coming from a multi-cultural city like London, I presumed that non muslims would just carry on as normal! how stupid i was!!! The muslim men would not acknowledge us women! and any enquiries made to local taxi drivers fell on deaf ears or were answered with grunts! this was very intimidating, the hotel staff were mainly hindu's we discovered so everyone there were friendly and had no probs talking to us. there is definately a gendre split there and women are seen as second class. I DO NOT ADVISE ANYONE TO TRAVEL THERE DURING RAMADAM!!. The nightlife during the holy month was almost non-existent which was a shame as normally in the area's with lots of ex-pats the bars and clubs are supposedly really really good!! luckily for us the sheraton actually allowed you to eat and drink and smoke during sunlight hours!! eating was to be done behind screens though. music was also allowed.The thing i found most amazing in Dubai were the buildings!! they are works of art! beautiful shapes and sizes they are really pretty. the mall of the emirates has the indoor ski slope! this was great fun!!! you can't leave dubai without having taken a ski lesson in dubai!!The madinat was a great place to go in the evenings and probably a better hotel to stay in apart from it had no beach as far as i was aware. there were a wide variety of restaurants and bars. trader vic's had a really good atmosphere the food was delicious and the cocktail list was very impressive! The sheraton hotel had a quiet atmosphere, again this was due to the month of year, the grounds were beautiful and well kept. the beach was lovely and the seawater was warm like a bath!! the hotel restaurants were really nice and the asian restaurant upstairs was delicious. (they even taught me how to make swan table decorations from napkins!) the hotel bar was quiet and cosy for a chat, no chance of anyone breaking into a song and dance though! The only good thing about taking our holiday during this time of year was the fuss they made during the evenings the hotel had a huge tent put up, with all different types of foods and amazing huge ornaments, camels on the beach, shisa pipes, local music, it was true arabia and very posh. It was very interesting to see all the local men in their traditional clothing, enjoying the celebrations. I would go back to Dubai, and even stay at the Sheraton again, as it is in a nice quieter area (from the beach you couldnt see any of the many cranes that litter the dubai skyline)The hotel isn't in the happening area of town, but you can't walk anywhere anyway, everyone relies on taxis to take them through the construction site that is this city, so it makes no difference.A trip to Wild Wadi waterpark is a must its great fun and the lazy rivers take you from slide to slide so there are no steps!!! i'll def return, in around 10 yrs or so once constuction is mainly over complete!! and when i do it will NOT be in september!!! xx Lea, 22, London	
Apr 26 2008 	big let down at big prices	facilities good with large green area and ample pool space and nice beach area. dont be fooled by the fancy foyer the rooms are really basic for the price and standard of food and service is poor considering the prices they charge on site...having returned one pool dish and advising of its poor quality and taste i still was presented with my 30euro bill with a smile. the penny has not dropped here yet on service and food quality but they do understand 5 star charging	
Apr 12 2008 	Comfortable stay	We stayed at this Hotel on the return from the Maldives, and having heard so much about Dubai, thought it would be an ideal opportunity to combine the two. Being a travel agent I managed to secure a good deal at the Sheraton Jumeirah, and have booked clients here previously so knew it would be fine. If you are wanting to be right in the hub of Jumeirah, and pay the prices of the humongous Hotels down the beach (One &amp; Only etc...) then this Hotel is not for you. It is the smallest Hotel on Jumeirah, and the others literally tower above it. Its also the last Hotel on the Beach, so taxis are needed to get you everywhere.We booked into a standard room, and it was fine. Not the most modern or stylish of rooms, but never the less comfortable and problem free. They were spacious enough too and had all the amenities you would expect in a Hotel.The staff were friendly and helpful, especially the concierge desk. The only thing I would say is you usally have to wait for a taxi, and sometimes this can be half an hour plus if its busy. But you can't not get a taxi as at the time we went, there was nothing around the Hotel e.g. bars, shops, restaurants so you couldn't just go for a stroll. The Marina however was being developed, which you could tell will be great for the location of this Hotel. Not sure when that will be done however.Dubai is expensive, so be prepared to spend, especially in the larger Hotels. We did go the the Gold Souk one night however, and managed to get a kebab from a local stand for about 50p, and it was lovely.The beach at the Hotel is good, but busy. Even busier on a weekend (in Dubai the weekend starts on a Friday) where they offer day passes to the locals who can use the facilities at the Hotel, so if you order food from the Beach bar, there may be a wait. This wasn't a problem for us, and welcomed the wait to cool down from the heat.I hope you find this review helpful, but any questions, please ask.	
Apr 1 2008 	Mixed feelings...	I have mixed feelings about the hotel and our experience in Dubai. The hotel itself is very nice with large and clean rooms (although their age is starting to show), excellent breakfast and restaurants, wonderful palm garden, great service among all staff, good gym and sauna, private beach (altough it has been somewhat eroded as one reviewer mentioned, but it is still nice). So why the mixed feelings? Well, the location of the hotel so far away from everything else and in the midst of the enormous construction projects going on (although most have been finished) gives a sense of isolation. Sure, taxis are plentiful and cheap and you can't go anywhere in Dubai without a car anyway, but still there's this weird sense of being isolated in a man-built paradise with the sound of the waves and birds in the palm gardens competing with the sounds of the harsch reality going on outside the hotel complex with hundreds (even thousands?) of immigrant workers working around the clock to finish the luxury homes. As mentioned, the hotel staff is very service minded and there seems to be one person for everything - one guy hands out towels, another one carries your sun chair to where you want to sit, etc). I guess this is appreciated by many, but as a Swede I'm a bit uneasy of having people do every little thing for me. It just feels a bit like unnecessary luxury - a feeling that permeates all of Dubai. In summary, the hotel is recommended if you are looking to be pampered and for pure relaxation. But if you're looking for an experience that will enrich you as a person, don't go here - in fact don't go to Dubai at all..	
Mar 27 2008	Excellent hotel superb service very friendly staff great food	I had a super week in Dubai staying at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach Resort. The facilities and spa were excellent and the pool, although smaller than some hotel pools was beautifully clean &amp; never crowded. The building work around the hotel did not detract or spoil my stay at all &amp; I hardly ever heard any noise because the main construction is all but finished. I cannot fault the staff for service or friendliness. The rooms are a good size and well fitted &amp; the beds very comfortable. The food in the Palm restaurant was exquisite, so much so that I didn't eat out of the hotel (bar one desert trip) any evening for fear of missing yet another different buffet feast! The gardens are lovely &amp; the beach clean with soft sand and clean seas. The garden / beach staff are very attentive &amp; helpful, setting up your sunbed every morning in the exact spot you want......what more could you want?...Shopping / sight-seeing / desert safaris / all manner of entertainment all easily accessible &amp; a short car / taxi / bus ride away.	
Mar 19 2008	Avoid - Not Sheraton Quality	First of all, the &quot;Sheraton Jumeirah Beach&quot; is neither remotely near Jumeirah nor does it have a beach anymore. The hotel's dirty little secret is that the construction of The Palm offshore has changed the waves and completely eroded their beach. As for location--head past Jumeirah, to the Marina, go to the far end of the marina next to the construction sites and the oil refineries, and *that* is where this hotel is.The staff were nice and our room was clean if dated (very 1980s). I caught food poisoning one night from the outdoor buffet but I suppose that could happen anywhere. The location really got annoying--because you're so far from everything, you have to take a taxi, but two nights in a row we gave up on even trying to head out for dinner etc because the taxi queue downstairs was over an hour long.I'm a Starwood fanatic and that's really the only reason we stayed here; I would save your points, or stay in the Sheraton Dubai Creek (which I've stayed in and is better), or best still--wait for the Westin to open, which looks like it's going to be very nice.	
Mar 17 2008 	Not the best in Dubai high price for poor quality	The Sheraton Jumeirah beach resort is a poor quality Sheraton I feel, if compared to some others like Singapore. The location is in the very middle of a major contruction site, and the smallish hotel is already absolutely dwarfed by its surroundings. Taxi's have a difficult time finding the hotel entrance due to constructions going on; the hotel beach is quite sad strip of sand which nobody has bothered to landscape; the rooms are on the small side; the pool is tiny and much of the staff is not very friendly or well up to their tasks. The front desk staff in particular deserve a notice for being rather unpleasant on occasion (obviously depending on who is on duty). Also upon departure the agreed room rate was hiked up and the staff member failed to put through my SPG (Starwood) points, so now I have to separately request them. Out of all the hotels in Dubai one can find a much better place to stay than this one.	
Jan 18 2008 	Brilliant hotel	My mum used to work in Dubai and had suggested this hotel, we were not disappointed it was fantastic.Rooms were huge, all of the facilities were great. I really can not find a fault, the staff and service were very attentive nothing was too much. The pool area and beach front were beautiful again the service was first class. You are out of the way from alot of the action but thats the choice when you stay at the beach. I would def ask for a sea view room these are glorious.All of the restautrants were excellent and I truly felt chilled and relaxed. The hotel was busy but never felt crowded. I know there are loads of beach hotels but the more popular Jummeirah Beach and Burj Al Arab ( I have stayed in both ) are very busy with many tourists visiting to see the actual hotel. The Sheraton is beautifully set in plush grounds and there are non guests there but you would really need to go out of your way or make a point to visit. I loved it for the privacy and relaxation.	
Jan 12 2008	Fabulous! Highly recommended	We were celebrating my husband's 40th without the kids but with another couple of friends. We loved the warm sea, spacious hotel, excellent service from genuinely friendly helpful staff. October had fantastic temperatures perfect for lazing around soaking up the sun enjoying a few cocktails or lazily swimming in one of the infinity pools!! Would advise booking the spa before or immediately on arrival as it can be popular. Can recommend the small private sea plane trip to see the palm and Dubai creek etc. Gordon Ramsay's Verre restaurant in the Hilton was SUPERB could only have been bettered if the big man had actually been visiting at the time. A brilliant trip. Only downside were the huge queues getting into customs and the awful system of luggage handling, make sure your luggage is well labelled and you attach something distinctive as they seem to unload all planes simultaneously!!!! It can be tricky identifying your particular case when there are 6 other like it!! All in all would have been great for the older kids too but perfect for a short adult break where we could do what we liked in our own time Bliss!	
Jan 11 2008 	Bad customer service	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on a points and cash rate. Considering that the going rate for the time we were there was near $500USD/night, the points and cash rate was a steal. However, I wouldn’t pay anything to stay here again and would not recommend this hotel. From the time we checked-in to the time we checked-out everything was problematic or difficult for the staff. First of all the area is a nightmare. If you have never been to the Dubai Marina area before you are in for the shock of your life with the construction. The sheer amount of construction in that part of Dubai is unbelievable. The hotel is barely accessible at all with all of the construction. If you don’t want to leave the hotel then this will not be an issue for you.When we checked-in the room wasn’t ready and it seemed to take forever with the agents going to a back room to make any kind of decision on anything. We asked if an upgrade was available and it was not. They were full that night but told us to check back the next day. After waiting about an hour for the room we were given a room that faced the back of the hotel that had a view of the huge buildings. The room was nice enough, but nothing special. Our room was on the first floor, which is really the third floor, and the room was a wheelchair accessible room that had no shower stall. There was just a curtain and a nasty shower seat that pulled down from the wall. The floor was slight sloped so that the entire bathroom floor didn’t flood. The hotel offers a free shuttle to the Mall of the Emirates only in the morning and Ibn Battuta Mall in the morning and afternoon. This is probably the best feature of the hotel besides the spa. There is a separate Wafi Bus to Wafi City mall three times a day. The hotel has a liberal smoking policy and it seems that people are smoking everywhere. On the second day we asked the front desk people about changing to a better room. The man acted as if we asked him the most difficult question in the world and had to go to the back room before giving us a decision. He said to call the front desk when we were ready with our bags and he’ll send someone up with the keys. Once we packed up we called and made sure that the room was a club floor room. He said it was. A bellboy came with the keys and luggage cart. The room was on the 6th floor, which was not a club floor but a preferred floor and it had two beds instead of a king like the first room. We were tired of the run around and just accepted the room especially since the bags were brought up already. We made airport transportation reservations with the concierge on our way to the spa. The transfer costs 125AED. The spa was really nice and empty. The staff were friendly and courteous. That evening we wanted to eat at the Chinese restaurant called Peacock. When we went up there a waitress asked us if we had reservations. When we told her that we didn’t have any, she said that they were full and couldn’t seat us and then turned around and left. She never told us that we could wait or go to the bar or anything. It was quite rude. We left for a minute and then decided that we would ask to wait no matter what the wait time was. No one ever came to ask us anything after about 5 minutes, so we left and ate downstairs at the seafood buffet. It was in the same place as the breakfast buffet.On the third day we had breakfast at the buffet. The service there is not good. Both mornings we were seated right next to the servers’ station and they never offered to refill the coffee even though we were right next to them. We always had to ask and getting their attention was sometimes difficult. We went to the front desk to ask about a late checkout since our flight didn’t leave until 10:45pm. The man went to the back room before giving us the decision. He said the latest they could do was 4pm. This was expected because as Starwood Gold members we are entitled to a 4pm checkout, but we were hoping for something a little later. We went to the business center to use the internet and they charge ridiculous rates. You can pay by either purchasing a card with time on it, or by charging to the room. They didn’t sell the card with the minutes on it, so we had to charge it to the room. The system would not let me log on. I asked for help and because we were checking out that day, they system would not allow the charge. The woman said to ask the front desk if they could alter the checkout day to allow the log on. As expected, there was nothing the front desk could do, so we were not able to use the overpriced internet in the business center. That whole system and circumstance are ridiculous. When we finally checked-out we thought our car to the airport would be waiting for us. We asked the transportation desk and they had no idea we needed a car or that we had reserved it. They made calls and told us to wait. Meanwhile the hotel’s 2 BMWs are sitting right there doing nothing. We waited about 20 minutes before our car came, which was a Lexus.Overall, this hotel is not bad, but it is not good. I would not stay here again because the service was terrible and everything was a chore for the staff. They missed so many customer service opportunities that would have been easy to fix, or at least leave with a good feeling about the hotel. I guess they know that they will get business no matter what, so why should they care. The rates they charge there are outrageous and I expect more than what we got for that amount of money. Even without the construction, the hotel is nowhere near anything. Also in Jumeirah the taxis cost a lot more than they do in Dubai. We also walked down to the Hilton, which is the next hotel up the strip and it is really nice and has a better beach area. I would absolutely stay there over the Sheraton. But I would avoid that area entirely until the Marina is finished. If you want a nicer, less construction-overloaded Jumeirah experience, then stay north of Le Royal Meridien.	
Jan 4 2008 	Poor service and dated	I stayed at the Sheraton for 3 nights on a stopover whilst going to the Far East. The Hotel arranged a car to pick us up at the airport and although I have been to Dubai before I settled for this option rather than getting a taxi. The return taxi cost half the price of the Hotel car. Check-in was speedy but with the clerk only muttering three words “passport and credit card” we were then pointed in the direction of the lifts. Not exactly a five star welcome. The room was fine, quite large and nicely furnished, with the bathroom being okay but a bit worn and dated. During our stay we found the front desk to be particularly unfriendly, again no conversation at check-out, and bar staff too busy chatting to come over and take drink orders even though they knew we had just sat down. At one stage it was clear that the bar staff at Azure were arguing over who could be bothered to take our order. The poolside and beach staff, however, were very friendly and always said hello and chatted. The hotel gardens were nice but as a previous reviewer has also said some aspects of it are very dated and are a little shabby. I guess with occupancy rates so high in Dubai this hotel really doesn’t need to go out of its way on the service front or amenity upkeep. Overall a really disappointing stay, poor value for money and I would only go back if really desperate.	
Dec 31 2007	great value for money	I stayed at the hotel from the 16 dec'07 - 20 dec and i found the hotel to be quite nice.i was staying at the deluxe room and found the rooms to be quite spacious and big for dubai standards..the beach is quite good..and with not too many people...the hotel is 11 years old and looks like one...it needs to be refurbished now and especially the bathrooms look very sad...i would recommend the hotel only for its beach..i cant think of any other hotel offering such beach at this price...there is lot of construction around the area but the hotel is very peaceful...overall a decent hotel	
Dec 30 2007 	Pretty good but with faults	We stayed for 3 nights at the Sheraton in a Towers sea view room. Despite all the building work going on nearby, as the hotel was the first there it does have decent grounds and direct acees to a good beach. The room was reasonable and the food ok but our main gripe was the activities put on in the grounds. We arrived in the evening and there was a large company party going on in the garden which was very noisy and continued past midnight keeping us awake. On the next day there was a childrens Christmas party in the grounds which didn't help with trying to relax by the pool.Overall a reasonable place to stay just wish it hadnt been so noisy.	
Dec 22 2007 	4* Star Hotel in need of refurb.	My Partner and I stayed at the Sheraton for 3 nights and although the hotel was satisfactory it really is a 4* hotel not a 5* hotel. We had a room facing the Jumeriah Beach Residence/Marina entrance at the back of the hotel which is basically a view of a building site. We know what Dubai was like so this wasn't a surprise but never the less when you are paying 5* prices you expect a better view or a discounted rate. The gardens to the front of the hotel are very attractive but all of the sunbeds looked about 10 years old and needed replacing-this gave outside areas a very 3* feel. The service we received over all was at the level you would expect of a 3* star hotel and few of the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Dubai is still bascially a building site so if that is not your bag then I would suggest leaving it for 2 years until some of it is finished! I would give this hotel 5 of 10.	
Dec 8 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	The Sheraton seems like it’s a long way down Jumeirah Beach, but it’s well located for most things and with taxis being so cheap (it’s about £8 to get to Deira, irrespective of how long it takes) it’s worth the journey time. Although I didn’t stay at this hotel, I was able to use the facilities while my friends were staying here.Overall the hotel is lovely. Very relaxed and caters for business and pleasure travellers alike. We experienced differing levels of competence from staff but nothing that upset the stay. I’ve stayed at various hotels along Jumeirah Beach and this hotel is on a lovely stretch of the beach, with no jellyfish in sight, and amazing views of the Palm. A wide selection of water sports is also available which are relatively cheap. Staff maintain the beach ensuring that rubbish is collected and generally ensuring that everything is kept as clean as possible.The bedrooms are large, clean and have plenty of storage space. The food is lovely. The Chinese restaurant in particular is fantastic! Probably one of the best Chinese meals I’ve had in a long time. The buffet restaurant was also fab, offering a wide selection of daily-changing dishes. Alcohol was also quite reasonably priced.The only down side of this hotel was the lack of national taxis. The hotel has a supply of cars that offer fixed-price fares, but if you have the time to wait for a normal taxi, you will save a lot of money. The lack of taxis was possibly due to some building work. But when we left, the section of road leading down to the hotel had just finished being tarmaced and Jumeirah Beach Residents was opening up so I’m sure that more taxis will flow through in due course. We weren’t disturbed by any noise and only really noticed any work when we left the hotel in a hunt for a taxi.My friends had a fantastic time staying here and I was pleasantly surprised by their hospitality towards me as a non-guest and would happily stay here on my next visit to Dubai.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great spot	My girlfriend and I spent 9 nights in this hotel in early November. When booking our hotel in Dubai we were unsure which hotel to go for. We had heard all the bad stories about construction, noise etc.The Sheraton is located at the far end of Jumeirah Beach and yes the whoile area is still one great big construction site, but the hotel area (pool, gardens and beach) is very peaceful and like an oasis among the sky scrapers. The pool is very nice as is the beach.The hotel itself is spacey, clean and the service is impecable. The breakfast is very good but the evening dinner is not as good. We ate outside the hotel most evenings.I would have no hesitations in highly recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 7 2007 	Fab hotel	This hotel is a really good base. It is down to earth and you don't feel odd walking about in shorts and t shirt even thought it's 5 star.The breakfast is great and the meals in the evening are about £20 for all you can eat of a particular region's cuisine such as Italian.It is next to some building work but everything is in this area and we didn't hear it once. The pool and staff are really friendly and the sea is so warm.They have a nice gym, a few shops for basics like sun cream and some cafes. The concierge is really helpful and will organise trips, cheaper tickets to some attractions and taxis.	
Nov 4 2007 	Excellent hotel faultless	Stayed at the Jumeirah beach hotel and towers for 7 nights with another couple. It was brilliant! The hotel is spotless and the rooms are very comfortable. The setting is just right if you want to be away from it all. Everywhere in Dubai is like a building site and you can't escape it, but here at the Jumeirah Beach you can manage to not hear any of it. The setting is right on the beach and the grounds of the hotel are very relaxing. My husband used the gym as he was training for the Dublin marathon and said they were of a high standard. The pool is lovely and large enough so as not to be crowded. We ate in the hotel's Chinese restaurant twice, it was really good. Breakfast is excellent with choices to suit everyone. The hotel is situated on the far end of the beach but as everyone uses taxis that is not really a problem. Would recommend that you do not do the Big Bus Tour because you would be a lot cheaper to go by taxi to the various attractions and suit yourself. We used the bus and didn't manage round many of the museums, so would really recommend using taxis and a good guide book yourself.The bar in the hotel is very pleasant but unfortunately smoking is allowed. This does spoil things a bit as we are all used to no smelly smoke at home.Would definitely recommend this hotel for a first vist.	
Oct 26 2007 	Dont Be Put Off	I booked this hotel as a surprise birthday present, so after reading all these reviews hers i was naturally very apprehensive &amp; wondered if i had done the right thing !!!!BUTThe whole Dubai experiance was out of this world &amp; i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for a single second. OK theres gonna be hotels in Dubai a lot better, but this hotel is still 5 star &amp; remember a lot of the newer ones are 6 &amp; 7 star hotels.We arrived at 0200, were allocated a room with a king size bed &amp; within 5 mins a knock at the door &amp; we were presented with a massive basket of fruit. As mentioned before breakfasts are superb, with a unbelivable choice. There is also a themed night for dinner if you choose to eat in at the hotel (ie Mexican, Chinese, Italian). Oh &amp; the building work ??? Yes theres lots going on in Dubai &amp; it will be an unbelievable place in say 2010, but the construction work near the hotel is nearly complete &amp; caused no problem to us at all.Though the hotel is at the end of the beach taxi's are very very cheap &amp; you feel very safe in them. The beach was a lot better than we were led to believe by some of the reviews here, although even if some of the guests we spoke to said they had stayed in better accommodation in Dubai, they still agreed the Sheraton was a great hotel. Our room was cleaned twice a day, you get up &amp; got out all day &amp; you come back &amp; the rooms cleaned, Go out in the evening, come back late &amp; youve clean towels &amp; your bed has been folded back ready for you to fall in to !!!Great places to visit include; Mail Of The Emirates &amp; dont miss going to the Madinac Jurmierah (try Meat &amp; Co for a great meal) also The Marina Walk is worth a look.Overall we were NOT disappointed one little bit. Dont think bout it JUST DO IT ps. we made a dvd of the hotel , beach etc, if you need a copy just get in touch	
Oct 26 2007	Nice hotel	Excellent breakfast!!The only nitpick is that fruit was extremely good looking, but not as tasty as it could be (seems common nowadays to favour appearance to tastiness).The Iftar dinner was absolutely fantastic, I have yet to see a better buffet. There are also a Grill and a Chinese restaurants at the hotel, but the Iftar was so good that I didn't tried them.Service is top notch too, all the time cleaning, housekeeping.And they remembered my room number and breakfast preferences.Bathroom furniture is not modern, but very correct. Plenty of towels, shampoo, soap, etc. You will always find a couple of complimentary water bottles, and there was a basket of fresh fruit (one per stay).The views from my room were the usual (at Dubai) maze of cranes and building works, and (that's not so usual) a large thermoelectric plant. Hopely the nearby shopping mall will be finished in a few months.Weather here was 39ºC at day, 30ºC at night, with high humidity. Sea water was around 30ºC, and forget about night baths: security will (kindly) order you to leave the water by 19:30.There is nothing interesting within walking distance, except if you walk the beach up to the nearby hotels.Hence taxis are a necessity, most of the drivers speak good English, and all of them recognize the &quot;critical&quot; names (hotels, malls, airport). My trip from airport to this hotel was 100AED.If you take the touristic bus trip (quite convenient, they fetch you right at the hotel), be aware that it finishes at around 17:00, and that it takes many hours since there is a lot of traffic. So either take at 09:00 or forget it.Be also aware that during Ramadan eating/drinking in public is fined with 600 AED, and that some shows are closed. Many restaurants are opened, but with thick blinds so that people in the street won't see you eating.The Wifi network was really flaky, only stable at the lobby. And outrageously expensive: 30AED per half an hour.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Hotel with Great Service	Wow, my boyfriend and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Sheraton Jumeriah Beach and let me tell you, this place is really nice. It's a great value for the money and the service is unbelievable, which I would have to say is the biggest highlight of all. The staff were always making sure you were enjoying your stay and everything was very clean, which I really appreciated - there was always someone cleaning something at all hours, crazy. The beach staff was so nice too. They even set our chairs out in the mornings for us b/c they remembered we liked to be positioned directly under the sun so to get an even tan lol. One of the guys even set a jewellry book on my chair and said I could give my boyfriend some ideas haha. By that time though, I had already bought myself a present from Cara's! :DThe buffet at breakfast was soooo good. It was only 145 AED for 2 each morning, if I'm not mistaken, and there was tons of variety such as cooked to order omelets, pancakes, sausages, meats, poached eggs, a selection of cheeses, breads, smoked salmon, tons of fruit, juices, cereal, yogurts etc. The Tea House was really good, they had the BEST chicken quesadillas (and sour cream), which we have ZERO of either in Rome! Their river boat dessert (a banana split) was sooo good too. That being said, on to the gym!The gym was a really nice facility. It had elliptical trainers, bikes, rowing machines, free weights, it was agood set up, well air-conditioned. They also had lockers with a sauna and steam room. The hotel rooms were very comfortable; they weren't modern or sleek but they were beachy and pleasant. The bathroom robes, slippers and selection of shampoo, condidtion, mouthwash, shower gel, was a nice touch. Ours had a view of the ocean and the Jumeriah Beach Residences, which I might add are finished now so no cranes there - but there are some in the distance, which I believe were on the palm. Concierge was very heplful. They always answer the phone with &quot;Good Evening Ms. _____&quot; which I liked and they were also very helpful. Room service was lightening fast. My glass of wine came up in literally 3 minutes. Liked that alot. Location was also good, you can get a hotel car for 35 AED or less, depending on where you're going, or a cab for even less. The only bad experience we had, had nothing to do with the hotel. A cab driver tried to rip us off and didn't think we would notice the fact that he was circling all around the marina. When we asked him why he was going this way, he said the roads were closed - biggest bunch of crap, especially since we were just on those same roads a few hours before! So basically my boyfriend yelled at him and said if he didn't get us to the hotel in 1 minute, he was going to have big problems. Suddenly, he knew the way. He got scared and took us there asap. All in all this is a great hotel with great service. Perfetto!	
Oct 4 2007 	One of the best hotels we have ever stayed - The service was faultless	I read many reviews before visiting this hotel for a Wedding Anniversary holiday in early September. We stayed for 6 nights and cannot fault anything. Everything is so clean and the staff especially in the garden and beach area cannot do enough for you. It can be almost embarrassing how they pamper you. Everywhere in Dubai there is building work and before we got there Iconcerned with one the location (It is the very last hotel on the jumeriah beach strip) and also the amount of building work being commented on. Taxis are very cheap £2.50 up to the Burg Arab and the traffic around this area was never a problem. It does not matter if you were in the main areas as you would still need a Taxi as walking anywhere is a problem with all the building work. Noise is not a problem and you could be in the gardens or on the beach sunbathing and you are not really aware of the building work.The sea was 31c when we were out there so very warm and we also saw no fish in the sea however the water is very very salty.A week was about right and we saw almost everything in Dubai for now but that is changing by the day.Recommend going on the Big Bus (The Sheraton is the last stop on the route) and this is a great way to see Dubai with the hop and off service and frequent.Loved Dubai for the beaches and the shopping and the Ski Dubai in theMall of Emerates is amazing.Breakfast at the hotel is fantastic especially the fruit salads.	
Oct 4 2007 	The Three Sss (Sand Sun and Shisha)	On arrival we were greeted with smiles and hospitality. Despite arriving several hours prior to check-in we were given access to the hotel showers to freshen-up. For the duration of our stay (3 nights) we had a fantastic time and were treated extremely well.Pros:* The staff were great - helpful and friendly. * Good-sized rooms* Wide variety of food and drinks* Clean beach and pool* Excellent gym facilities* Great shishaCons* The only flaw is to do with what's happening outside - Due to the immense amount of construction work in this area, we did not have the most pleasant view from our room...machinery and scaffolding!! However this is very easy to forget about since the hotel itself makes up for it.All in all great place to stay (Manny would agree) - Highly recommended.	
Sep 30 2007 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel at the end of September 2007 and we had a fantastic time. The amazing! construction work around the hotel did not affect our stay one bit and you would be hard pressed to find a hotel that isn't affected in some way or another. The staff were extremely helpful, arranging an early check in at 9am, an upgraded room and a late check out. The room was great, the food at the hotel was excellent, catering for all tastes and although we stayed during Ramadan it affected us only in the fact that we could not drink alcohol during the day. I would certainly return to this hotel in the future and based on my experience feel some of the earlier reviews of this hotel are unfair.	
Sep 27 2007 	loved the hotel	my husband and i stayed at the sheraton jumeirah for ten days in september o7.The hotel was fantastic and the staff and service was great.my husband and i were looking for a quiet getaway,just to lounge by the pool or go to the beach.having the private beach just two minutes from our room was fantastic.The food was beautiful and there was a great choice.I couldn,t fault it at all.The moods bar was great to go in and have a cocktail and they had a fellow playing the piano and singing.It was very enjoyable.there is building work going on around the hotel but it didn,t disturb us in any way.the hotel is in the marina area and they are building it up at the minute.but it is like anywhere in dubai as they are building everywhere.I would advise anyone to stay at this hotel as we found that it was fantastic.five stars for the sheraton jumeirah beach.	
Sep 9 2007 	Amazing place - in more ways than one	Ok, for all out there who don't know, cos you should by now.....Dubai is a mass building site til 2010. It itself admits it and theres no point claiming you didn't know and whinging. On the plus side, whats here already is breath taking and what will be here, will be stunning. The architecture, the opulence, the sheer size of some of the projects is amazing, well worth a first hand look. I would only stay here for a short break, max 5 days, for some guaranteed sun and beautiful beaches, but any longer would hurt your pocket and be a touch over powering. This place has to been seen to be believed......all i can say.Hotel is great, everything you would expect in a place that is raising the bar across the board. It is now dwarfed by the skyscraper apartments surrounding it, but for me, this is a fascinating vista itself. Staff, food and cleanliness, top drawer.Catch Dubai now, cos come 2010 it will be packed.	
Sep 3 2007 	Ok hotel in an awful city	Stayed at the Sheraton for 4 days in August. We were meant to stay 5 but were able to change our flights to get out of Dubai earlier.Hotel is quite good agree with some reviews it needs upgrading.The staff were very good especially on the club floor.Breakfast was very nice plentiful and alot of variety.The only problem with location of hotel is that you have to travel about 40km in a taxi to get to other parts of Dubai to eat and shop.Dubai itself is one big building site that seems to have no urban planning. When we were in Dubai the temperature reached 49 degrees!!!!!!!Certainly would recommend hotel but would advise somewhere closer to the action.Definately would not recommend Dubai to anyone!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Great hotel for the beach	This is a great hotel with great staff. The best place to stay if you want to stay on the beach. The hotel is clean and modern with three restaurants and a coffee shop. The staff are excellent, even brought us a cake, cookies and other things complimentary throughout our stay. Taxi to the main shopping district is about $25 or you can take the free shuttle. Great clean beach and a very nice pool with swim-up bar. Great rates through local travel agents as well.	
Aug 24 2007 	If you have to be in Dubai!	If you have to stay in Dubai in the hottest time of the year,get to the beach! The Sheraton Beach was ideal. I arrived very early,hours before check in, given access to the spa and it's facilities and well before midday I was given a superb room. The staff were faultless in their help and consideration. The breakfasts fulfilled any requirements. When I needed a late check out two days later, this was accepted. Having used Sheraton's before in Langkawi and Monte Video, I was a Starwood Guest and appreciated the bowl of fruit on arrival. However I am sure first time guests are treated with the same high quality of service. Having had a look at some of the other hotels in Dubai where the beach was some distance away and not private,the Sheraton Beach was ideal with it's own private beach a minutes walk ,past the swimming pools and through the garden to perfect white sand and clear water. Yes, Dubai is a gigantic building site with the rubble and dust, but is an amazing example of progressive architecture. Thank you Sheraton Beach. I would certainly go nowhere else if I have to return to Dubai.	
Aug 16 2007 	Loved the Hotel	Stayed here for 8 nights and loved every minute. The hotel is right on the beach so you have pool and beach at your doorstep. Breackfast unreal, enough to keep you going for the day. Drinks can be expensive in the hotel bar but good entertainment in the bar so worth it. The Hotel is in an area where you can't walk to anywhere but taxi's are so cheap it's not a problem. You can get a hired car from the hotel which is a little bit more expensive than the taxi but well worth it as it will drop you exactly at the destination and if your not going to be that long, they'll wait free of charge. Tours booked through the hotel also excellent. All in all, a great hotel and would defo stay again.	
Aug 12 2007 	This hotel is AMAZING!!	The Sheraton Jumeirah beach hotel is truly a five-star establishment. It is located on the Dubai marina and, when it was built, was the only building in that neck of the woods. Now, the poor little hotel is dwarfed by apartment towers. However, this does not spoil the hotel in any way. It has 3 restaurants, which are all excellent and relatively reasonably priced, the Al Hadiqa tent which is awesome, plus two pools (indoor and outdoor) and its own stretch of beautiful beach. The really good thing about this hotel is its size. It is (by Dubai standards) quite a small hotel, which means that you can be guaranteed of a sunlounger either on the beach or by the pool any time of the day. The concierge service at the hotel just seem to know the answer to every question and will bend over backwards to help you. If you are considering this hotel for your holiday, I say BOOK IT NOW!! You will not regret it.	
Jul 25 2007 	Nice hotel but needs updating	My husband and I stayed here at the beginning of July for 3 nights. When we checked in we asked for a non-smoking sea view room but all they had was a room with 2 queen beds. We went to the room and the view was partially of the sea and part of the building works. The beds were too small so we asked if we could get another room with a king bed and to our suprise we were upgraded to a junior suite. It was huge we also recieved a fruit basket, chocolate cake and some heart shaped soaps on our first night which was a lovely touch.We were expecting hidious amounts of noise from the building works but were pleasantly suprised by how little you could here it. The area around the Sheraton is undergoing a huge transformation so it's almost impossible to walk from one hotel to the next but taxi's are readily available and cost pennies.The Sheraton is the last hotel on the beach but it only takes 5 minutes by taxi to get to the other side (Burj/ Wild Wadi) or 10mins to get to Mall of the Emirates which is worth a look for it's indoor skislope!We didn't each much at the hotel apart from the pool-side bar and the cafe one morning for breakfast but what we did have was very nice.As a whole the hotel is very nice but looks slightly out of place by the huge towering buildings which are get built around it. It needs updating to keep up with luxurious hotels along Jumeirah beach. I would definately reccommend this hotel for somwhere to relax and to enjoy the sun just don't expect accommadtion like the Burj!	
Jul 5 2007 	Lovley hotel in a fantastic city!	Stayed here beginning of July '07 with my boyfriend as part of a multi centre holiday (Thailand &amp; Dubai). Checked in a 3am following lots of queing at the aiprot for varous reasons. Lovley clean rooms, we had a nice sea view room. Breakfast was fantastic! Didnt eat in the hotel as wanted to explore Dubai and also a littel pricey. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Lovely clean pool area and beach with plenty of sunbeds and a towel service. Visisted the wil wadi water park which is a scream!! Also Mall of the emirates is brill. Most of the people in Dubai are very friendly, Taxi drivers, restraunt staff, water park staff but i felt that the staff in the airport were very rude towards us. Especially one man when going through passport control could barely even look us in the eye! and couldnt be bothered to shout us forward when it was our turn and we didnt know where to go. Also the queing at the airpiort was rediculous and there is plenty of people who for some reason feel they are excuded from having to que and push in or try any other way to get out of it. this is the onyl minor complain i have and i cant wait to return to dubai in ther future.	
Jun 18 2007 	Relax at Sheraton Jumeirah Beach	Spent 5 nights at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach and cannot compliment it highly enough! We arrived to hotel at 6am, well before check-in time of 3pm and were permitted to use the health club faclities to freshen up whilst we waited for our room. The reception staff were concious of our early arrival and endeavoured to make the wait as comfortable as possible. At 10am, we were promptly checked in and upgraded to a Junior Suite. The room, whilst overlooking a building site, was immaculate and very comfortable. The pool and beach areas can be described as the same.Every effort was made by the staff to help us at every turn, from picking a parasol to sit under on the beach to helping us order from the remarkable buffet selection at the evening meal. It was a pleasure to deal with such friendly and helpful staff, all of whom had a smile on their faces. Whilst Dubai is a virtual building site, this hotel is a little piece of paradise among the cranes and concrete. The wonderful garden of palm trees provided great shelter from the sun, as we enjoyed cocktails on our sun loungers. Despite being dwarfed by high rise construction, it is a peaceful and tranquil resort and I left feeling completely refreshed. I will be returning as soon as I can.	
Apr 23 2007 	Good Hotel for the Area	This hotel is not bad. The beach is great, very nice. The pool is a lot smaller than the photos make it look. Didn't matter to us and we spent all our time at the beach. The front desk staff are rude rude rude rude. Don't expect anything from them at all. The housekeeping staff are great. I had no issues with the construction around the hotel, Jumeirah is all construction, you can't escape it. It didn't impact my time on the beach at all. Overall the experience was fine, what I expected, although for some people who are really picky about their Sheratons they might find a few things to be upset over. If you're looking for a good value beach hotel in Dubai this is it.	
Apr 16 2007 	Nice hotel shame about the building site	We stayed at the Sheraton for 4 nights over Easter 2007.The first thing, and there's no getting away from it, is that the hotel is surrounded on 3 sides by massive construction sites.But as other reviewers have noted, so are all the hotels at that end of Dubai, including some such as the Ritz-Carlton which are considerably more expensive than the Sheraton.Yes, it would be nicer without all the construction, but it wasn't too intrusive in the hotel grounds and if you sat in the gardens (large, lots of sunbeds), you were either looking at the beach or inward looking at fully completed although not yet occupied 30/40-odd storey buildings which were not unpleasant.The downside of the building work is the dust, and although we had paid for a sea-facing Towers room, we didn't use the balcony at all as all the chairs and the floor needed wiping down with a wet cloth. I suppose I could have asked Housekeeping to do this, but we were out most of the time anyway.Apart from this, our room itself was really nice, clean and spacious, with a sea-view. We received fresh bottles of mineral water each day, and a fruit platter and 2 chocolate bunnies for Easter! If you book the Towers rooms, you get access to the Exec lounge on the 9th floor, where you can get soft drinks etc all day, and complimentary cocktails and canapes and wine/beer from 6-7pm. There is also free internet access in the lounge. We were on a B &amp; B basis, and I was really impressed with the breakfast buffet in the main restaurant. They had everything you could possibly want in abundance, and a fabulous lady who could whip up 2 omelettes in about 30 seconds flat! We had lunch on the terrace one day, which was very nice, but apart from this we didn't eat in the hotel as we wanted to get out and about and see things.I recommend the Dubai Creek Bateaux dinner cruise. The food was all freshly cooked, (of course you should expect that, but sometimes on these things, it's not the case), the wine list not too bad, and transfers to/from the hotel were included.Also good fun, if a bit cheesy, is the 'Sundowner' trip. You go into the desert in 4-wheel drive vehicles, do a bit of dune-bashing and then go to a 'Bedouin' camp for food and drinks (included in the price). I hadn't realised how huge Dubai is, and although I knew from the little travel-agents maps of the hotel sites that the Sheraton was the last one along that bit of the coastline, I foolishly imagined that one could take a nice walk along the beach/prom to get to the other hotels, such as the Burj. BIG MISTAKE!!! You can't walk to anywhere at that end and probably wouldn't want to because of the construction sites. Even at the Burj al Arab hotel end, there is still a lot of major road construction going on, so we couldn't even walk the half-mile or so from the Mall of the Emirates to the Burj even though we could clearly see the 'sail', there is no pedestrian access across the sites! However, the taxis are very cheap (and all metered, so there's no need to be wary).All in all, we enjoyed Dubai as a short break. I would class the Sheraton as a city break that happens to have a beach. Personally, I think if you're looking for an idyllic beach holiday, you could spend your money more wisely elsewhere, and perhaps I am comparing it a little unfairly with the Maldives (we stayed in Dubai after 7 days in the Maldives), but I wasn't impressed with the beach at the Sheraton at all.I'd go back to Dubai but not for 5 years or so. If I was to go again soon, I would stay at the other end at the Mina a' Salam or Al Qasr, or Lottery-win permitting, at the Burj! There is nothing wrong with the Sheraton itself, it's just the location at present that would make me hesitate to recommend it to my best friend!	
Apr 3 2007 	Not a five star!	After staying in a four star in the Maldives we were hoping to be wowed by this 5 star hotel promising a lot in Dubai. It was sold to us as experienced - i would say a bit like an old rock star, good once, but tired and rough around the edges now!The biggest thing that we were upset with was we paid extra to check in at 7am - we got there at 8am and the room was not ready until 3pm. I was not feeling well due to travel sickness and its sooo hot all we could do was sit with our bags until it was ready which wasted a day for us.The room was ok, air con very good, however mini bar far too expensive. As all around the hotel is a building site, the balcony was filthy. It was awful to go outsdide due to the buiding work, dust everywhere and constant noise which you could also hear in the room. The reception staff were poor and the people who booked taxi etc were just plain rude. however the loevly lady who made the omelettes at brekkie and i beleive she was sous chef at night was lovely and told us all the good places to see and was always spot on!The location is poor miles away from the good bits so taxi everywhere - we spent £200+ in a week on taxis.The malls are good but same price as UK.Go to the Hilton Creek on a monday to the Glasshouse - meals fab best I've ever had - and all drinks are 1 dirham which is a few pence - well well worth it. Also in the Kurachi region the Kurachi Durbar is the best curryhouse going - a bit rough to look at but the food was fab and for a 2 course meal with soft drinks for 2 was 7 pounds a total bargain.I would not reccommend to friends, but am glad i went to Dubai.	
Mar 13 2007	fantastic hotel!	Myself and seven girlfriends stayed at this hotel from March 2-10th and i can honestly say that we couldn't fault the place. Yes, Dubai is one giant building site at the moment but it really didn't bother us at all - I don't know how they do it but they really don't seem to make that much noise. The hotel was great, breakfast buffet was quite good but dining in the Grill Room one evening was fabulous! Wherever you go here the staff can't do enough for you, whether they're getting a taxi for you or booking excursions. so much so that on arrival we were given the option of swapping our 4 twin rooms for 2 interconnecting Garden View Suites (v pricey but at no extra cost due to the hotel not being full) and i can honestly say that the luxury we had here helped to make the holiday. So thanks to the Sheraton for a great stay, we will definiately be going back!	
Feb 10 2007	Great hotel but a word of caution	The Sheraton is a first class hotel in every way, ideally located on the beach, great facilities, excellent rooms, excellent service, great choice of food and a wonderful inclusive breakfast. However, there is no getting away from the fact that Dubai is one huge building site at present and the Sheraton is right in the middle of a massive development project. Although the construction work should not detract from the quality of the hotel, you cannot fail to see and hear the work going on around you. Dubai is a fascinating place but, to be honest, in 4 or 5 years time when the bulk of the construction work is completed, it will be a fantastic destination. I would not wish to put you off visiting Dubai now as long as you are prepared to put up with the building work but, like us, you will need to return again to see the fantastic outcome of the development of Dubai.	
Jan 2 2007 	overall good	Having read the reviews before booking this hotel, I was indeed a bit afraid in doing so. But a few colleagues convinced me that construction is going on all over the place there, so I took the chance.The hotel is the last one in a row of several hotels on Jumeirah Beach, starting with the Habtoor next to the Dubai Marina and ending with the Sheraton. To the right and left of the Sheraton, construction is going on, this you can't say from the other hotels.We had a seaview room, the noise of the construction wasn't that bad. Really listening to it, yes, it could disturb you. Looking outside our window, yes you see the works. The beach/sea is beautiful on Jumeirah, I have to admit that the Sheraton has the smallest beach. All the other hotels have lots of space on the beach with a nice slope all the way to the water. The Sheraton has an abrupt end, like a dune, where you skid off to go to the water. They do have a very big garden adjacent to the beach.The hotel itself is good. Very friendly and helpful staff, rooms OK (typical Sheraton rooms).Breakfast OK, but not more than that. Less variety then in other hotels. And the setup of the buffet could improve.Drive from the airport to the hotel with a taxi will cost you around 85 AED, the return trip 75 AED. All in all, a good hotel with a good service.	
Dec 31 2006 	Brilliant	Friendly helpful staff, great food with lots of variety, nice rooms very clean, good facilities our youngest who is only 4 loved the kids club.This was our first ever Cristmas away and it was so good at this hotel we will be booking again.Yes there is a lot of building going on around the hotel but you only notice it if you want to!! It did not affect our holiday one little bit no dust or noise at all from the building works.We have visited all the European holiday spots and stayed at good class hotels and villas but none of them compare to the hospitality and service you get in Dubai.Last June my wife and I stayed at the mina a salam and the burj and yes they were very special but the Sheraton for a family holiday is the place to go in our opinion.	
Dec 19 2006 	Fantastic Hotel - cannot fault it!	Well, what can I say - apart from what a great hotel! We stayed for one week, commencing 7th December 2006 and cannot fault this hotel in ANY way. We booked Virgin Atlantic Flights and the hotel through [----], all of which were brilliant. Virgin Atlantic made the 6hour 20mins outgoing (7hour 20mins - incoming) flight most pleasant. Headrest TV's feaured a variety of films, games and music. We received 2 meals each way as well as complimentary wine and icecreams (it doesn't take much to make us happy!).The hotel was a 30 mins taxi ride from the airport, we booked this via the hotel - it cost 100 Dirhams (£14.00 approx) and was worth it, as we were exhausted after our over night flight. On arrival at 09.30 we wanted our room ASAP (having not sleep for about 30hours!). The hotel arrange for this by 11.15 - which we were very greatful for, as check in is usually 3pm.They have at least 4 restaurants at the hotel, the staff are nothing but helpful and polite, the food is beautiful and so is the beach area (and pool). I dont want to type to much, for fear of nobody reading my comments! All I can say is DO NOT be put off by any of the other reviews. Yes, this hotel is on a building site, however, this part of Dubai is one BIG building site - full stop! The power station that another advisor has written about is NOT next door - it's a mile away... at LEAST! I would recommend this hotel to anyone, as our entire stay could not have been improved (apart from the rain that we experienced - although, being from the UK, we were well prepared ;O) ).	
Nov 28 2006	On a building site	I read the reviews before booking this hotel and in particular one telling readers not to be put off by building works, that they don't interfere with your stay too much. This is not correct. At present the hotel is literally on a building site. To notice that fact is unavoidable and there is no reduction on price to reflect this.When we were arriving to the hotel all I could think was that we'd need a jeep to bring us through the dusty building works, our mini bus could barely take the pressure of the construction roads and people were laughing and looking at each other as if it must be a joke!Further- on my first night I saw a rat just outside the back door of the hotel. I reported it quietly to a member of staff and I expected her to immediately deal with it and call pest control. Instead I was told that reported sightings of vermin are frequent due to the building works!The hotel itself appears clean (although the rat incident really caused us unease). We heard scraping during at least 3 nights of our stay and we asked to be allocated a change of room. We were convinced the scraping sound had to be rats after what we had seen. Further, the building works were audible early in the morning. The staff promptly dealt with our request and we had no problems with noise after that as we were allocated a sea view room. When we looked out the window of our 4th floor new room thick dust was clearly visable on the trees below which made me wonder how clean the air we were breathing was!Basically the hotel itself is quite nice in that it has atmosphere, facilities and helpful staff. However, the building works are a definate draw back and the vermin incident totally unacceptable. I couldn't help thinking they really had a cheek charging 5 star prices. During our stay we visited the Jumeirah Beach Hotel- location wise that hotel is devoid of all the unsightly building works and we concluded that it would have been worth it to have paid the extra money to stay there.	
Nov 17 2006 	dont be put off by bad reviews	Have just returned from a weeks trip to Dubai, actually stayed with relatives out there but spent quite a bit of time in this hotel and can definately recommend it. Our first trip to the hotel was to the Lebanese style restaurant (one of many restaurants in the hotel), the food was amazing and it had a great feeling to place. We also spent a few days there, having purchased a beach pass which worked out around £15 each and entitles visitors of the hotel to use all the facilities... beach, pool's, sunbeds, towels etc. The pool is nice and has a good area for kids and pool bar for adults. The only thing I'd say we weren't overly impressed with was the part of the beach it's on,you have a bit of a slope to the sea - however it didn't seem to bother the guests. The sea is so calm and warm you won't want to get out. You won't be fighting for a sunbed there are LOADS all over the grounds.Don't be put off by other people saying about the location... when you get to Dubai you'll realise nothing is central! You have to taxi it pretty much everywhere.Overall would recommend this hotel but if you have mega bucks to spare the Mina is a must!	
Nov 12 2006 	Not up to scratch !	This hotel was a huge disappointment. Firstly the location is ghastly-you feel as if you have arrived in Ground Zero ! Whilst this may not be the fault of the hotel owners, the impact on the guests is immediate and huge. If you dont need to be in a nice area, then it wont bother you. I dont feel that the pictures on the hotels own website even vaguely represent the true situation. See my own pictures in candid travellers photos !We were met at 3.45 am by a surly reception clerk with no sense of humour-we were very tired, thirsty and hot. A cold glass of water would have been a nice touch. Nothing forthcoming !our first room smelt so bad we nearly retched. Clearly a lot had been smoked there-it was foul. We were moved to a second room which had a birds eye view of a huge ugly building site ! Great! . We had paid for a non-smoking seaview. We were too tired at this stage to move again !Next morning-tried to shower-the bath/shower switch didnt work. We were promised our booked room for 12 oclock-by 3 pm nothing had happened and we wanted to go out, so we were told to leave our stuff in the room and when we came back we would have been moved to our new room .We came back at 10.30 pm-guess what-we were still in the same room. We still hadnt yet unpacked ! The receptionist tried to call the manager 3 times, but he was' unavailable ' She told us to wait in our room until she had found him. At this stage we had a total sense of humour failure ! My husband threw a fit-and hey presto-suddenly a nonsmoking seaview room became available. We could finally unpack. Tried the shower-it worked, but the water in the shower stayed lukewarm. Funnily enough the basin hot water was piping hot !The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and huge ! The german buffet was excellent, and the chef was a character !Our friends who had also booked a nonsmoking room were also given a room that smelt like a Turkish ashtray !I cant imagine what anyone could see in this venue, with all the wonderful destinations in the world, and this was not cheap either. Sorry-wont be back !	
Oct 23 2006 	Great city great hotel great city....	Got a good deal for 3 nights from the 19th of October... arrived at 11pm at night and was upgraded by very friendly reception staff to Sea view room with balcony.Jos the conceigere took us and our bags up to room 310... kingsize bed! As we were new to Dubai and didnt want to waste one of our nights we went down to the Mood bar for a glass of wine and then to the Ramadan tent on the beach for a mixed grill of traditional meats. The food was all explained by friendly staff.Beach was much better to sunbathe on because of the breeze..was 100 degrees. The sea is lovely and warm.Friday night we went to the Madera Jumeria hotel complex (3 hotels inlcuding the 7 star Jumeria beach all linked by waterways)... had a couple of drinks in a few of the many bars and ate there.... then spent the rest of the evening until 3am in the posh bar downstairs...cant remember the name but everyone knows it as all the ex-pats drink in there.Saturday off the Dubai Creek for a meal... restaurant and food was lovely but bit out of the way and not much there... back to Madera for more drinks and then finished the night at the Buddah Bar at the Grosvenor House hotel... you will not find a classier bar anywhere in the world (this is the same chain as the one in Paris)...striking window and chandliers.... bed like sofas... your waiter (in the VIP area) even escorts you to the toilet and waits for you to escort you back.....!! Champagne a must...ask for strawberries too....Have fun	
Aug 23 2006 	Very good hotel in a very hot city	Very beautiful hotel, with large and well appointed rooms.No problems with the ongoing building works, but be sure to book a sea view room, because the view on the rear in rather depressive.Wonderful garden and private beach: you feel like you are not in the CITY of Dubai.Watch out for the water: although very clean, is also very hot (not warm: hot), with something like 40° Celsius in August. Is like swimmin' in your bathtub or, if you prefer, in a fish-soup.	
Aug 20 2006 	Fantastic Holiday!!	Stayed for one week at the beginning of July in a standard room. Staff were fantastic we both felt like a King and Queen for the week. DO NOT let the building work put you off. It never affected our holiday one bit, the pool and beach area is so tranquil and relaxed. The Prices of drinks are expensive ( about £3.50 per drink. water or beer) but this is the same throughout Dubai. Be prepared to get taxis everywhere from the hotel, they are pretty cheap so this is not a problem.Overall we had a fantastic time and will be returning again soon.	
Jun 20 2006	Very Nice Hotel..Shame about location	I stayed here for 4 nights in June 2006 (arrived and went thru passport control like lightening, the quickest I've ever seen at any airport). Hotel was very nice (great breakfast and the rooms were massive). I had a Sea View room which was great. The hotel is the last on Jumeriah Beach and surrounded by construction. However, saying that, when you're sat by the pool area you can't hear the building works going on. I enjoyed my time by the pool and the swim in the sea but if you want to get out and about you are the furthest hotel away from the main town area (30 mins - 1 hour drive in Dubai traffic).The hotel offers a shuttle service to Wafi City Mall (it's the Mall's shuttle service not the hotels) any other taxi trips and you'll be paying 60 - 100 AED to get there (it all adds up). My advice is book a few day/night trips as they work out very good value for money.I went with Tour Dubai:- Desert Safari - AED 200 - dune bashing, watch the sunset from the desert, full barbeque meal set in the desert + belly dancing + henna painting + camel riding pictures + dress up in Arab clothes (if u want). All that for 30 quid! + they pick and drop u from the hotel.- Dinner Cruise on the Creek - again 200 AED, includes transfers to/from the hotel + food and all soft drinks and of course the 2 hour cruise.One point - take the free bus to Wafi Mall and pick up some flyers u get loads of discount vouchers (e.g. a free alchoholic drink or % dicount off the booking price).Overall, had an ok time but spent too much money on taxi travel from this hotel. Only ok if u dont plan on going out much at ur own cost.P.S. don't bother with the hotel pick up from the airport (they charge 100 AED, take a taxi from outside - cost me 80 AED.	
Jun 11 2006	Good hotel but service needs attention	As a Starwood Gold Card member I have a bit of loyalty to their hotels. The odd blip in service here or there, or a patchy room can be accepted, however I was surprised about the poor service at the hotel on a recent trip.We tried to check in to our Towers room a little before the standard check-in time of 3pm. Not a chance, you have to wait until 3pm even though the room was available. Rules are rules I guess. Then when we got to the room it wasn't a king room, non-smoking as booked. The member of staff escorting us went to sort this out, but came back querying whether we had booked this kind of room, which we confirmed we had. We were then questioned again as they asked whether we had made a mistake with the booking? (Not asked in a particular helpful way either - more 'you are wrong') Only when we logged on to our SPG account and showed them the reservation which was correct, did the hotel accept they had given us the wrong room. These things can happen, but we didn't get an apology, just a huffy sigh and a promise to see if they could find a room. Thirty minutes of waiting later and they finally gave us the room we had booked, but then tried to sell it in as an upgrade (which it wasn't.)The service issues didn't end there though. We had access to the Towers Lounge and on every visit we were made to feel unwelcome by very distant service, which in one case was non-existant. When staff were available, orders for drinks were often forgotten as staff suddenly went running towards business guests to look after their needs. Surely we've all paid our money and should be treated equally well? We weren't rude or unfriendly to the staff, we (and a couple of other leisure travellers) were just not a priority for the staff.That said, the hotel itself is very nice and the food at The Grill is definitely recommended. The hotel management needs to seriously review how they look after their customers though as the service levels are not of the standard I would expect from a top-end Sheraton. I'd recommend they take tips from their sister hotel at Dubai Creek	
Jun 4 2006	great city great hotel	After arriving at 1.30am we were met by friendly staff who could not have been more welcoming at that time of morning.After a swift hassle free check in we were in our room in about 10 mins we freshened up &amp; went down to look around we were met by the bar manager who asked if we wanted a drink as they had checked for late arrivals &amp; kept the bar opened. We then had a chat with some of the staff who are very friendly &amp; allways made you welcome . We then went to our room which we can only describe as luxury after a good nights sleep we came down to a help yourself buffet breakfast that had everything you could want. Again the staff were very friendly so take the time to talk as a lot of them are wanting to improve their English.we tried the restaurants in the hotel &amp; the food is excellent &amp; if you are game try the arabic feast we were a bit wary at first but thought we would have a go it was very good . the gardens &amp; pool area are imaculate there is plenty of shaded areas if it gets too hot &amp; be warned the sand on the beach is very hot so wear shoes . The beach is very clean even the life guards tidy up &amp; pick up any seaweed that may wash in. The building work that is going on does not affect you in any way you can not hear it even through night. We were there in september last year &amp; liked it so much we are going back in two weeks time. Dubai is a great place the shopping the weather the people &amp; the sights. Take a ride on the abras up the creek it is amazing the souks are great for everything bartering is fun but no one hassles you if you want it barter if not just say no &amp; thats it. ( Thank you Sheraton for a great stay )	
May 31 2006	Good Dubai Choice	Hi, stayed at the Sheraton with my boyfriend for six days. Hotel was lovely, clean with friendly staff. However my bedroom did overlook construction work going on - which you can hear early in the morning, but you do get used to this! We visited the Gold Souks (where he got my wedding ring!, went on the Desert Safari and visited various malls (very americanised.) Dubai is a great place for sight seeing, shopping and hot weather all round. I did find the hotel a bit too far away from the Gold Souks, shopping malls etc and the taxi fares (although cheap) do add up in the end. My sister- in- law,cousin and little daughter also have just come back from their holiday at the same hotel and also had a great, relaxing time. During my time there I visited the Burj Al Arab (7 star hotel - a MUST if you're going to Dubai, especially the 27th floor view - AMAZING!) Next time I would probably stay at the Jumeirah Hotel- oppositie to sister hotel - the Burj Al Arab, as the beaches are a lot nicer, and the location is more central to everthing going on in Dubai. If it was a special occasion I'd ideally stay at the Burj Al Arab - maybe on my honeymoon or when I win the lottery!	
May 23 2006	Dont let the building work put you off!!	When booking the Sheraton I had two concerns - firstly, what seemed to be the city of New York being built behind the hotel and secondly the distance from the centre. When our taxi made its way through scores of half built skyscrapers panic set in. This panic quickly disappeard once we checked in. Once you are in the complex we could hardly see or hear the building work. We also had a sea view room which is obviously a bonus. The grounds are very nice and the beach is fantastic. Service at the hotel is not fantastic but nothing to get upset about, also the food and drink is very overpriced.My other concern was the location - its not good. Its a good half hour taxi ride to the centre and cost about £8.Overall we had a fantastic stay at the Sheraton Jemeira Beach but i have one bit of advice - Hold of going to Dubai for at least another 3 years. The whole city seems to be under construction but I honestly think it will be a fantastic destination in a few years time.	
May 23 2006	Excellent service	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach and I would definitely recommend this hotel. The staff are extremely polite and friendly and offer a fantastic service. The hotel itself is immaculate, the rooms are very nice and spacious. The grounds are beautiful. The pool area is also spacious and there are plenty of beds to go round. It's true that there is a lot of building work going on in Dubai and there is a major new development overlooking the hotel however I didn't find this a problem at all. There was a slight noise in the day time but it was not intrusive at all. Most hotels are in the same boat, the Hilton and Oasis Beach were also over shadowed.As this hotel is at the end of the main Jumeirah Beach you do need to get taxi's everywhere but again I didn't find this a problem as the taxi's are very cheap and you will never have to wait more than 5 minutes to get one. If you are considering going to Dubai then I would recommend that you go no later than the end of May as it is extremely hot, all the hotels, restaurants, taxi's etc are air conditioned but it can become unbearable around the pool/on the beach which is why I spent most of my time in the pool!!!I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 20 2006	Not five star	This hotel is definitely not 5 star. I have stayed at many Starwood hotels and this one lets Starwood down on the service. We had to change rooms three times until we got the room that we had paid for. They kept putting us in inland facing rooms when we had pre booked and paid for a pool facing room. The restaurants are slow and unorganised. After finally getting the waiters attention and asking for the bill we had to wait 30 minutes for it to arrive, and some of the food I ordered never did turn up!The rooms are clean though and the beach is nice enough. The construction around the hotel doesn't seem to spoil things. However, we visited many of the other hotels in Dubai during our stay and in comparison the Sheraton lacks the wow factor by far. This is fine for a business trip but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Mar 11 2006	simply a great hotel	We simply loved this hotel, yes there are lots of constructions going on around the hotel (choose a seaview room, if you are a light sleeper), but who cares when the beach is stunning, the pool and garden are beautiful, and the rooms are magnificent, large and with large TV, comfortable king size bed, lots of different kind of pillows, nice sitting area, fresh complimentary fruit basket, bathrobes, slippers, lots of bath amenities, etc etcThe staffs are very efficient and skilled. You will never have to wait for anything, and everything in this hotel is flawless – a true 5 star experience.We never regretted choosing this hotel, but just keep in mind, that if you are taking a cap into town, don’t do it between 5 and 7 at night, it will take you 2 hours compared to 30 minutes at other times.	
Mar 7 2006	Perfect	We stayed for 6 nights in November 2004 and had a truly brilliant time. We didnt know that we were going to be picked up but when we arrived at the airport there was a driver waiting for us in a real luxury car with tv screens in the headrests. The hotel was really gorgeous and was spotlessly clean and truly luxurious. The food is fantastic and the staff really cant do enough to help you. The beach is perfect too.. the sea is clear blue and warm enough to walk straight into. The grounds and the pool are really beautiful and you can get a really nice snack and drink at the pool bar. The building work going on nearby didnt bother us at and we barely noticed it. The hotel was a half hour to an hour journey (depending on the traffic)into the city and in a way that was a good thing as it was like having 2 holidays in 1!! As you got the relaxing beach holiday away from the city and then you could also go into the city for a bit of culture and touristing!! We also went on a desert 4x4 safari which was brilliant and I would really reccomend.	
Feb 20 2006 	Good hotel but away from Dubai centre and right next to construction site	The hotel is overlooked by the construction of over 50 new tower blocks-so you can imagine the noise and dust. In fact the cement works is next door!It is the farthest hotel along the beach, so getting a taxi is sometimes a problem, but at least getting from the exhibition centre to the hotel is a lot better than going through the town to Deira, for example.The hotel is clean, tidy and with good service. The breakfasts are not that good but the grill was good, but expensive.	
Jan 23 2006	Fantastic weather and shopping!	Spent a few days at the Sheraton in early November and rate it highly. Whilst it is true that the surrounding building site and traffic are a bit offputting at first and it is important to make sure you get a seaview, overall this is a good hotel with pleasant staff and good-sized rooms. We arrived mid-morning and were given a room immediately, rather than having to wait for the interval we had expected. The staff in Moods bar were extremely pleasant. The weather and private beach were beautiful and probably the best thing about the holiday. I would recommend a city tour, visiting the Emirates Towers boulevard for shopping and dunebashing on a desert safari for an experience you won't forget!	
Jan 15 2006	Hotel is fabulous - Dubai is not so great!	My boyfriend and I stayed in Dubai for 5 nights. The hotel is gorgeous, staff are all friendly and polite and you get the feeling they cannot do enough for you. The rooms are spacious and make sure you book a sea view room as the view behind the hotel is horrendous. The maids came into our rooms several times a day keeping everything tidy. We had sheraton towers lounge access which is great with free internet access, free drinks and snacks in happy hour - the butlers are so friendly. The hotel pool and gardens are gorgeous and the food and drinks are reasonably priced. The only down side is the hot breakfast in the hotel is poor but there is such a wide range of things to have it didnt matter too much! Check out the health club I had two massages there it was fabulous! The hotel is far from the city but taxis are reasonably priced. We spent the majority of our time at the hotel as we did not like Dubai in itself one bit. It's full of building sites in every direction and the traffic is horrendous - the worst I have seen in my life. The construction will not be finished until 2010 and by then I expect the traffic will be even worse. However, go to the Wild Wadi Water Park as it was the best day out!! I would not recommend anyone visits Dubai for at least ten years as it is awful - in the last 18 months it has lost its beauty and all it is raved up to be - it is now a monstrosity of a building site. Women be sure to cover up as the local men stare at you all the time. I wont be going back to Dubai!!	
Jan 4 2006	Perfect for families!	We spent 10 days in this hotel over Xmas and New Year. We found the staff exceptionally friendly and excellent with children. The grounds around the pool are very big and uncrowded, and the beach is very clean and safe for kids. Despite all the building work surrounding the hotel being round the clock, we never heard any noise. Be warned, however, that it can take up to 90mins to get into the gold souk area from the hotel. The Sheraton is the furthest hotel from the city on this stretch of Jumeirah beach. Traffic in Dubai is terrible!	
Dec 31 2005	Great hotel great staff	after a 10 day stay over xmas at the hotel ive only got great things to say about the staff, service and all round friendliness of the sheraton.dont be put off by the construction works as dubai is the biggest construction site on the planet. from the moment we arrived everything was handled with 5star efficency and with a smile, all the restaurants are great especially peacocks the chinese. the guys who work the beach and the pool bars cannot do enough for you and go that extra yard to make your stay that little bit more special. the hotel is at the end of the strip and can be a bit of a drag getting into town but if you choose your timings right its only 15/20mins {avoid rush hour}everyone of the staff are as helpful as possible all the time including the concierge who will give you good tips on getting to wherever you need to be at any time.i would have no hesitation in returning or reccommending this hotel.	
Dec 29 2005	Nice despite the building work	Just returned from 4 days at the Sheraton Jumeriah Beach in Dubai. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. But if you are a bit fussy about decor &amp; aesthetics then I would suggest you consider other hotel options as the hotel rooms could do with a re-furb.The hotel is the last resort along the Jumeriah beach strip, so it's a good 20+ mins out of the city. It is surrounded by major building projects, which are an eye-sore. The dust from these projects has covered the beautiful palms around the pool and beach area so they appear grey, but the grass is green and paths are clean. I have to say we didn't hear any noise from inside the hotel common areas or our room (despite they work 24hrs). You do hear some noise from the pool area hence we preferred to hang by the beach which was very nice and I think the best thing about the resort. We only spent 2 mornings there and the rest of the time we were out exploring Dubai.The rooms are ok and very clean. We stayed in 409 (which I recommend) it's one of the few with a balcony and is facing the ocean, far away from the construction.The service and food was generally very good, with the exception of forgetting to book out arrival airport transfer - they didn't compensate us for having to wait at the airport for half an hour before they told us no car was available. If you plan to spend most of you time either at the beach or outside the hotel then I think you'll enjoy your stay.	
Dec 28 2005	Sheraton Stay	Stayed at the Sheration Jumeirah for 8 days and I thought the hotel and the staff were fantastic. Yes, the restaurants are expensive but then again every (four or five star) hotel restaurant in Dubai is. The buliding sites are an annoyance but if you have a room facing beach it is a non-issue. (I couldn't belive the amount of complaining on this topic, in my opinion overblown.) The room was very clean and up to date and the lobby was what one would expect of a high-end hotel. The beach was great as well with the staff catering to your every need. Would stay again..	
Dec 2 2005	Something Special	I have returned from 7 days at this hotel and can honestly say that words fail to describe the attention given to the visitors by all members of the staff. Their general appearance, and genuine willingness to make your stay as hassle free as posible, is really beyond beleif.The food is exceptional,the cleanlinless is beyond expectations, and this must be a credit to the Sheraton Hotel GroupA really first class hotel.	
Nov 18 2005 	Building Site!	It doesn't matter if this was the most beautiful hotel in the world, with the friendliest staff, gorgeous rooms, fine dining, convenient location near to airport (it is none of these things by the way) The very real fact of the matter that this hotel is situated in the MIDDLE OF A MASSIVE BUILDING SITE. About half the rooms face the works, which is wonderful as you'd expect. Also when lounging by the pool - it directly faces the 5-10 immense tower blocks that are being built a stones throw away. Upon completion this hotel will just be lost in amongst the skyscrapers. I stayed for business so wasn't that bothered - but I tell you, if that had been my 2 week holiday in the sun, id have cried.	
Nov 10 2005	Had a great time at the sheraton even amongst the building work!	Stayed at the sheraton for 5 nights and really had a good time. The service was definitely 5 star from start to finish. We had arrived early(10am) and officially our room would only be ready by 3pm,however the staff managed to get us into a room within a few hours.We did request a non-smoking room and as there was no availability we were put into a smoking room. We highlighted this to the staff who were helpful in checking room availability every day, within 2 days we were given a room with a MASSIVE balcony (well worth the wait!)The room was very clean, and well presented!! Room service was prompt! Service on the beach was great, the staff were very helpful - when we got our beach towels a member of staff would setup up our seats and umbrella if required! Service came with a SMILE!One of the drawbacks staying at the sheraton was the cost of the food within the hotel restaurants. However for about £5-£10 you can go into town and enjoy a cheaper meal! Another drawback would be the views and the building works that were going on around the hotel - however this did not disrupt our stay - around the hotel it was a little dusty although the beach and pool area were immaculately clean!Overall we enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 28 2005	nice hotel but very poor service	We had a 5 night break here-the hotel itself was nice but the buiding work does affect the entire hotel and looks very ugly all around the hotel.The hotel prices were too expensive for the quality-this was my 3rd visit to dubai and i am surprised this hotel has a 4-5 star rating.location is poor.The front desk service was very poor-could not help to reconfirm flights,also our pick up was 6am to return,breakfast was meant to be included but they gave a cup of tea,instead on arrival at 7am they could have given breakfast-we had paid for breakfast for 5 nights-not4.They werent even apologetic.Having used the sheraton group in the past i would not recommend them at all now.	
Oct 14 2005	Great Hotel Friendy Staff	Just returned from a 5 day break in this hotel. Before going i checked other reviews and was a little concerned by the building work going on. On arrival, it looked just as i expected. However once inside the hotel the building work had no impact whatsoever. We had a land facing room (no balcony) and faced away from the building work, not the prettiest of views : power station in distance, but for the time spent in our room, we were happy to save £125 by not upgrading (room 106). The room was lovely, it looked recently decorated and was spacious enough for the two of us. We had everything we needed, tv, minibar etc.We found the staff in the hotel couldn't have been more helpful or friendly, and nothing seemed to much bother (waiters bringing drinks to your sunbed on the beach, the life guard fixing your parasol and putting your towel on the sunbed etc), equally they were very attentive during breakfast, which did get busy.The location of the hotel is at the end of Jumeriah beach, for us we didn't find a problem. Taxis are easy to get and reasonably cheap. It took about 15 - 20 mins max to get to the city centre. If you want to be nearer stay in the city, we wanted a beach holiday with the city nearby.Whilst lying at the pool it was possible to hear some noise from the building work, but it was minimal. When down at the beach you didn't notice it. We preferred the beach, beautiful white sand and clear warm water.To summarise, a great hotel, good location for the beach and reasonably priced.	
Oct 11 2005	This place ------	Staff is rude. WAY too expensive when comparing to other 4-5 stars. In the middle of renovations ALL around, one time my taxi driver could not get me back to the hotel because it was a construction nightmare. The hotel room I stayed in was NOT clean. particularly the rug. I noticed this immediately upon entering my room.I was supposed to be in non-smoking but was put in smoking. I didn't complain because I had a view of the sea versus a view of 24 hour construction. Need I say more? I will never stay at this Sheraton again, and I am a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest program and travel often to Dubai. I highly recommend the Sheraton Diera over this in a heartbeat. You can take the shuttle to the beach. Or the Jebel Ali which blows this place away completely.	
Sep 24 2005	Loved the Sheraton	I spent ten days in this hotel from 08 th sep. to 17 th sep. with my boyfriend. The hotel is not so new but is very nice. The rooms are beautiful and modern, you have everithing you need (iron, the phone in the bathroom, computer etc.). The hotel has a private beach and very big garden with bads where you can have a rest. The food and drinks in hotel are very expensive. We went every night to some shoping centre where is much more cheaper. I liked the most Ibn Batuta shoping centre. It is near, about five minutes by car and there are a lot of restaurants and butiques.	
Aug 22 2005	Fantastic Hotel!	Please do not worry about the building work!!! Its has no detrimental effect on your holiday whatsoever!! you can see it yes! but SO WHAT!!! The Hotel is really nice and extremley clean! Service is fantastic!! The gardens are beautiful and a great place to sunbathe! (with your complimentary cool box to keep your drinks cool!!). I must say August is VERY VERY HOT! 50 degrees some days!! We had a great room as we were staying so long they upgraded us! a big glass balcony overlooking the sea!! it was beautiful. We only ate breakfast in the hotel which was lovely! and filled us til the evening as it was too hot to think of food during the day!! We went out most evenings to variety of restaurants, bars and clubs! Theres something for everyone. I must recommend ASHA'S Restaurant at WAFI CITY. Its the best meal ive ever had (twice) i a stunning restaurant. Its contemporary Indian Cuisine all silver service and is sooo amazing!! Also a great bar and a club on teh complex! There is a courtesy bus from the hotel at 8pm every evening! but you will need a taxi back which is about £8.00. Its quite a distance!! We did a city tour which was good, the waterpark which was great! very different to European parks. The most fantastic trip was Dune Bashing in the desert! folowed by an arabian bbq, and a camel ride!!! Its amazing and a must see!! Everything about Dubai is amazing, the cars, the service, the malls, the food!! Never had a bad meal! YES DRINKS ARE EXPENSIVE! But to be there it is so worth it!! We speant a fantastic 2 weeks there and didnt want to come home!! Cant wait to go again!!	
Aug 19 2005	just had a week in the sheraton jemeriah beach resort	absoluteley lovely the hotel was really nice and the people were very friendly,the palm garden restuarant was very nice but very expensive but we booked last minute so we only got bed and breakfast but the breakfast buffet was very good and having 3 kids they enjoyed it aswell,the lifeguards on the beach were very friendly always there waiting to make ur sunbeds and greeting you with a smile,it is well worth when going to the local deira city centre wearing a long skirt as the locals tend to stare quite a bit the holiday was well worth it we paid for a family of five £2500 and a direct flight with emirates was fantasic value for one week,their is construction going on 24hrs but you could not hear a thing,the taxis out there are good you are treated very well,overall a very good holiday and are booking up for two weeks next year.	
Aug 12 2005	One of the Best!	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Jumeirah Beach for 7 nights and it was wonderful. From the beautiful suite with the view of the beach to the &quot;always smiling&quot; staff. The construction is everywhere in Dubai and we were so surprised to hardly notice it while at the pool or beach. The distance to town from the hotel isn't bad, especially if you are from Texas where distance is nothing. The hotel has a shuttle that takes you to town on a daily basis and if you don't want to return with the shuttle, the taxi cabs are plentiful. The food was great, the Spa was amazing, the Hair Salon was super! A definite repeat hotel for us when we return to Dubai.	
Aug 12 2005	Lovely Hotel despite the suroundings	The Sheraton Jumeira beach Hotel itself is fantastic. We were upgraded to a Sheraton Towers room which was large, air conditioned and clean. We were overlooking the land side of the hotel though which is a building site and industrial area - not a nice view but keep the net curtains shut and you can't see it!! The noise did not disturb us even though they work 24 hours a day. The pool area and gardens are clean and well maintained and if you face the beach and sea you cannot see the building work. BUT be under no illusions there is extensive building work going on in this area. The grill room in the hotel does beautiful steaks if a little expensive. We recommend Asha's at the Wafi City for an excellent indian meal for a fraction of the cost, ( Use your Wafi advantage card, that you get from the Big Bus Company Tour, to receive 20% off your meal bill. ) Moods bar in the hotel is also a relaxing and calm place for a drink - go between 7 and 9pm and it is happy hour - half price drinks. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and don't miss out on Omar's arabian coffee. He is in the lobby in the evening giving out free samples - you can't miss him, he's the one wearing the fez!!!Dubai is great despite the building work. We had a fantastic time.	
Aug 7 2005	Fantastic Hotel -	Stayed here from July 26th 05. The hotel was fantastic, they were polite, friendly and everything was spotlessly clean. The chioce of eating places and the food was great.The rooms were excellent, very clean and large. The journey to the city in not as bad as some people make out, it did not take an hour! It was only about 30mins at peak time. The hotel shuttle bus needs to be booked in advance to secure a place.All Dubai is experiencing a huge building programme but it did not interfere with the quality and service of the Sheraton hotel at all. The rooms were not noisy and we had a land view room which looked out onto the buildings but this made no difference to the quality of our holiday as we did not spend all day looking out of our hotel room . The garden, pool area and beach are good.I would go back to this hotel again.It was great!	
Jun 14 2005	Fiasco?? Not from where I was lounging!	We stayed at the hotel for our honeymoon in May and we had the most amazing time. At first, we were put off by the construction work and feared the worst - but we were pleasantly surprised by how little we noticed it once at the hotel.The staff were friendly, especially the concierges and could not do enough to help us.The only negative comment I could make was that we arrived at 7.30 in the morning and didn't get into our room until 12.45 (but check in wasn't until 3pm so still pretty good!).We got an upgraded room and felt like we had the best room in the hotel - spacious, luxurious, huge balcony. Yes, if you looked behind you, you could see construction, but you could see it from anywhere in Dubai! The whole city is under construction so no hotel can get away from it.I would definately recommend this hotel, albeit quite a way from the centre, but that didn't bother us. I would also recommend a trip to the Hard Rock Cafe - fantastic atmosphere and great prices. Only 18drhms each way.I'm sorry the previous reviewer had such a bad experience - that is not a true representation of the hotel.	
Jun 14 2005	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is located at the far end of Jumeira Beach we combined this hotel with a 3 night stay in the city centre which i would definately recommend. The building work is bad but not as bad as you would find in spain funnily enough after a day or two you forget its there. The beach is amazing and watersports are available. The pool and hotel grounds are lovely and the hotel is small but spotless. The rooms were average in size we had a inland view but didnt hear any building work and to be honest you dont spend too much time in your room. The food was excellent especially the chinese restaurant and very responsibly priced, drinks on the other hand are not. £4 for a small can of beer, £2 for water and £1 for a can of coke, better to wait until happy hour from 5-9pm where everything is half price. The only downside to this hotel is there is no nightlife so unless you like going for a meal then early to bed you would be better to stay in the city. Overall I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jun 12 2005	Cool Place	Hi to make my review short i will go directly into detailsLocation: very nice location where all the new high risers are being built, all the best hotels are constructing in it. You might get bothered by contructions if you take city view room, better ask for sea view. It is quite far from the Airport and city center, Taxis won't be cheap if you want to go frequently there. It charges around 25$USD for Airport taxi and around 15-20$USD for city center in each way. So better watch out or get yourself a rental car.Rooms: My room was sea view and the look was really nice. you can, palms all over the place and long sandy beach with a nice sized pool. Don't get towels with you, it is offered by the hotel. Room size is nice and rooms are well cleaned. Rates: Rates are quite fine and good for such type of hotels. Food: i was only taking breakfast in the hotel but it was fine, chef is there for your different types of fresh made cuisines.Hotel Internal Design: excellent design and front desk were welcoming me with a friendly smile.	
May 15 2005	the whole experience was a fiasco of epic proportions		
Apr 20 2005	A Great Hotel!		
Apr 19 2005	Recommended		
Apr 14 2005	Very nice hotel pity about the building site		
Mar 13 2005	Don't be put off by the building sites!		
Dec 19 2004	Excellent!!!		
Dec 17 2004	Lovely Stay		
Aug 25 2004	Great Stay		
Jun 9 2004	Great Hotel		
Jun 8 2004	Good Hotel but terrible location and surroundings		
Nov 21 2009	Aventura por Dubai		
Nov 20 2009 	Mycket bra badsemesterhotell		
Oct 21 2009 	viaggio di nozze stupendo!!!!		
Oct 9 2009 	Urlaub am Jumeirah Beach		
Oct 6 2009 	Bell'hotel ottima vacanza!		
Sep 26 2009 	Peccato per gli ombrelloni.		
Sep 23 2009 	Hotel che sicuramente non puo' essere considerato un 5 stelle		
Sep 16 2009 	una vacanza ideale		
Aug 20 2009	Tranquillità e comodità		
Aug 17 2009 	Excelente		
Aug 1 2009 	???????????		
Jul 27 2009 	confortevole		
Jun 26 2009 	Gutes Hotel		
Jun 22 2009 	Hotel meraviglioo!!!		
Jun 10 2009 	solo lusso		
Dec 29 2008	Super Urlaub mit schlechtem Ende		
Dec 18 2008 	Tolles Service		
Dec 9 2008 	ottimo servizio allo sheraton		
Sep 26 2008 	Schöner Strand schöne Zimmer		
Sep 9 2008 	Hôtel agréable		
Aug 31 2008 	Presque parfait		
Jul 5 2008 	non all'altezza della categoria		
Jul 9 2007 	Die größte Badewanne der Welt		
