Mar 18 2009 	Great	I stayed at the hotel for two nights. The hotel staff were very kind, caring, and great. The Receptionists were also so polite and caring; specially the charismatic woman named Beharayee in charge of the reception was so nice, kind, and positive, who radiates positive rays of energy and has a pleasant smile on her face. The hotel dicipline was great and the hotel provided taxi for me to the embassy for free. There were also lots of taxis availabe during the day just outside the hotel. The area is very neat and nice and there is a supermarket close to the hotel. The room was really nice, clean, and big. National Bank of Abu Dhabi was quite near to the hotel, where I had to pay the interview fee.There is one computer at the lobby with the internet access: you have to buy a 12 Derhams high speed internet card for 30 minutes. The restaurants are located on first floor, and the service and the kind of foods served were very good, in a low light pleasane atmosphere. There are 3 elevators and you will never have to wait much to catch one. The hotel owner is an Indian. Both the Indian and Chinese staff are very polite and nice. I needed a wake up call early and I got it on time, while sometime ago, in another hotel, they gave me the wake up call with 30 mintues delay. The room view to the street was very nice. The hotel had easy access to most of the places I had to go.	
Mar 13 2009 	Never Again!	Staying at this hotel was a complete disaster, we were booked in a room where all we could hear was the night club music going on, the room was very old fashioned, dirty bathroom that you dont even want to use or sit on the toilet, the bed we were told would be kingsize but was two beds joined up so we had a horrible gap in the middle!After complaing a number of times to the recptionist they told us that there was nothing they could do about it the music and i would have to wait until the music finishes which would have been early morning. The next day we moved rooms, we got away from the loud music at night but now the bed we were given was two single beds, I wasnt happy!Getting around Dubai was also a nightmare, if you stay in Deira then you have to get a taxi almost everywhere and they are not easy to flag down. The hotel was usless in booking a taxi for us to, they said you are in a waiting list for taxi so it could turn up anytime. My two days in dubai was spent argueing with the receptionist and waiting around for taxis. I certainly would not book this hotel ever agian.Please also note, the night club was full of men watching girls dance - more like a hotel running a brothel!I would suggest to either hire a vehicle or book a car with a driver for the day, the most easiest way!	
Mar 4 2009 	DSF 2009	Deira, Dubai, UAEDate: March 4, 2009I alongwith two of my friends, visited Dubai Shopping Festival (DSF 2009). My travel agent booked Hotel Nihal a *** hotel status awarded by Municipality of Dubai. Hotel Nihal is well located in the heart of the city.Overall experience with Hotel Nihal may be rated above average or say good.Food was good enough with rich indian taste. Hotel staff was very cooperative. Restra with south indian, chinese and thai enviornment ware impacting. Disco floors were entertaining though were small.	
Feb 1 2009	horrible	This hotel is filthy and noisy there where 3 discos underneath our room that went on to about 3 in the morning the bathroom was dirty and there was no hot water  I am sure the area was a red light distric .DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!!	
Jan 29 2009 	Great staff good value	Great location, within a walking distance of Dubai Creek. Arrived one day early but the staff were kind to give me the room at the same (discounted) price. Room was quite big, and there was a separate small room with TV as well! On my departure day, I left my suitcase at the reception and want for a long walking around Dubai before I came back late in the evening to collect my suitcase and head to the airport.	
Jan 17 2009 	Got more then what i pay for (value for money)	ITs a good hotel .really value for money. The staff , atmostpher, food excellent.A good place to live in spl when u r with family.Recommendable to friends and relatives	
Dec 8 2008 	Worst hotel in Dubai!	Nothing could have prepared me for how bad the Nihal would be - it was cheap (circa £100 per night) however i still dont think it was value for money. The first problem was the dirty bathroom, then the bedding was really old and uncomfortable to sleep under. The breakfast room was hilarious, it was basically the disco coverted into an area to eat - due to the popular discos which take place there every night - it's not the freshest smelling room and appears to have no known ventilation. The icing on the cake though is that it is IMPOSSIBLE to get any sleep at all until 3am when the disco ends. The disco happens every night and seems to be fairly popular for locals in Deira. They pump the music up as loud as possible with as much bass as possible showing absolutely no regard for the residents in the hotel. So basically if you want to sleep before 3am don't stay at the Nihal - even if it is cheap - because you'll have a bad time!	
Nov 30 2008 	You get what you pay for	We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel and I must say for the rate we got we were happy to see a suite at the top floor had been booked for us. Some advise before booking is make sure you request a room as far away as the first floor where an Indian nightclub swing to action until 3:00am!. Also if you hire a car be advised there is no a dedicated car park and you must spend 30-40 minutes each time around the hotel to find a car park slot!, and eventhough you found one you would have to pay as they are all have pay machines!.Our room rate included breakfast which was the nightclub turned to restaurant in the morning with very poor health and saftey! and very low quality food. It was very dissapointing!. If you only considering a place to sleep and do shopping all day I would then recommend this hotel.	
Jun 30 2008 	They dont maintain it!	Reached this hotel at 2 midnight, hotel staff took 1 hr to complete the formalities. Were dissapointed after reaching to our room as door lock was almost in hand. Washroom lock was getting locked itself if close the door. The dust was shining on the room curtains. Washroom tiles were having dust was not at all clean. Water was dam hot no cold water in washroom. Hotel have some nite clubs which were horrible and d graded females were dancing almost nude. Same dance bars were converted for breakfast in morning which gave bad smells &amp; bad look. We had breakfast only on first day.Hotel swimming pool was not working &amp; rates were as five star hotel in dubai.nearby were good option hotels. House keepin was very bad. Never again.......	
May 22 2008 	Not as bad as I thought it would be....	Ok so I read all the reviews on here before I set off. Work booked this hotel for me so I didn't have a say in it.Arrived in the early hours of Sunday morning and was greeted by the staff there. Nice and easy check in and off I went up to the 6th floor.At first glance I had a nice spacious room. Two double beds, TV, A sink, lots of storage space. Went into the bathroom and noticed the tap was loose. Was I bothered? Not really as it still worked. The shower in the bath seemed ok. Toilet was ok.Every morning I left the room there always seemed to be a member of staff standing right outside my door asking me where I was going and how long I would be. I was a bit suspicious about this so I always made sure I took all my money and valuables with me.Went for breakfast one morning and felt very uneasy about it all. Very dark and dingy in what they called a &quot;nightclub&quot;. Not very nice food on show so grabbed a couple of croissants and left.It was ok overall... average place. I wouldnt go back there again though... in fact I wont be going back to Dubai as it was horrible.	
Mar 6 2008 	Bad Communicator	Just to let people know we didn't actually stay in Hotel Nihal due to hotel being very bad communicators.We were due to stay here on 5th April 2008 for one night. I have send 3 seperate emails to the hotel to simply ask if the could arrange for a taxi to collect us from the airport and then take us back to the airport for our connecting flight. and to confirm our booking. To date have not received any responses. In my opinion if they can't be bothered to answer a simple email request they aren't worth my custom. I have now made a new booking and will be staying at the Arabian Courtyard where we stayed last year. Excellent service and on arriving we were upgraded to a Executive suite at no extra cost.	
Feb 4 2008 	The Worst Hotel Experience In My Life	I booked Nihal Hotel by the suggestion of my travel agent in Tehran. Having stayed in Orchid Hotel three years before that which is in front of Nihal Hotel. Me and my wife arrived at 10 am but the staff didn't allow us to go to our room until 2 pm. Upon settling in our room we saw a very simple bed with one old tv and a refrigerator. The decor of the room was terrible. There is no card lock avaible at this hotel and you will get a key instead. During our 2nd night at the hotel we arrived at 2 am and went to sleep just to wake up in the morning to find out that all of our money has been stolen from our wallets while we were asleep. Being terrified at how low the security of the hotel is, we asked for the manager until we found the indian manager of the hotel. We asked him to review the tapes of CCTV to find out who has been wandering around the corridors at that period of time. The next day we asked for the answer and they said they hadn't seen any suspicious thing. We didn't let the police know about this and we made a terrible mistake. Anyway I managed to borrow some money from a friend of mine and sort things out. BTW, this hotel is a terrible experience. No special room service, no customer support, no lobby to sit in the times of weariness and full of indians. That's what I saw and never want to fo again. Be warned that if you plan to stay in this one, put all your precious belongings in the safety box and lock the doors at night.	
Jan 13 2008 	Forget It !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Average in price I can say cheap but pay the same price and you can certainly get better service from other hotels in Dubai.My first impression was NO SHUTTLE SERVICE at the airport !!I complained to the reception lady, but she was rude and not helpfull!I got a big room ,but it was cold and old boringThe breakfast was rediculous , I think the food was made for vegeterians !Try the indian club downstairs , they were friendly and the dancers were gorgeous I do not recommend this hotel at all	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Experience	NIHAL HOTEL, DUBAI. I stayed here for 5 nights with my wife and I must say I had a good time here. It’s conveniently located in Deira, close to Clock Tower, which is almost the center of the city and easily connected.The unique thing about this hotel is that it’s not the most luxurious hotel I have ever stayed in, yet it has its charm. Rooms &amp; toilets are very neat and clean and rooms are of decent size (make sure you ask the staff to give you a bigger size room). Also I would suggest booking your room on any higher floor as they have 3 night clubs on first floor and gets very noisy around that. And by the way don’t waste your time going to any of those 3 night clubs, they are really sad.Staff at the hotel is very nice and helpful, especially reception staff. There is a SriLankan receptionist Sean, who is exceptionally polite and nice.Room prices are moderately high but you can expect that when in Dubai, all in all I would recommend this hotel to any traveler.	
May 10 2007 	good value	This place didn't get many decent reviews apart from one clart who's obviously not stay in may hotels before. Anyway, stayed there for 3 nights- my room was a good size, 2 beds, living room type area and sink. batchroom was good size and overall the place was clean and in better condition then i expected. this place is cheap and chearful but better then i thought it would be. location is good, 10 mins from airport; city shopping; meena bazar and 10 mins from gold souq. staff were helpful. only and major drawback- night club with crappy thumping music every night- which could be heard even on 7th floor. room service food was good and reasonably priced but there's some cafe's and restaurants literally 2 mins walk away. if i needed to stay very close to airport then i would stay here, but next time i would probably stay at meena bazar, so i can get up and go for my traditional breakfast!	
Jun 16 2006 	Great service poor maintenance	This is a well located hotel, but suffers from poor maintenance and very obviously bad management. The breakfast is absolutely terrible, and during my stay when it rained, the rain came in through the breakfast room roof in bucketfuls. If your on a budget and willing to put up with issues, it is fine, but for 15% more there are many nicer hotels in this area. Service is very good, but the staff have to put up with some real challenging issues. Would I stay again - NO.	
May 18 2006 	Nice but not good!!!	I have to say that I usually do not ask too much from a cheap hotel if I stay there for 1 night. I stayed at Nihal hotel for 1 night and I will give you a brief picture of the situation. The room was clean and tidy but the bathroom was bad. It looked very old and needed for sure some changes. During the night you could feel the music beat coming from the Kuya club at the 1st floor of the hotel. It is really annoying if you want complete silence during your night sleep. The worst experience i ever had in a hotel is this. The breakfast was served in the Kuya club where the previous night people was dancing, drinking and smoking in tha same room. Tha breakfast buffet is served on the table pool (yes on the table pool) and do not expect much from the buffet.  Service was ok and people was polite. The location of the hotel is very near the airport and the Deira City Centre mall. It was an average hotel. Do not expect anything more. Glacas - CYPRUS!!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Excelente relación Calidad Precio		
