	great hotel friendly staff great location	I stayed in the Taj Palace and enjoyed it very much. The staff are so friendly from the moment we arrived till the the moment we left.The rooms are huge service great the breakfast fabulous,swiiming pool good size with very helpful pool attendants,The hotel is near many small restaurants and 5 minutes walk to the Metro.I would recommend this hotel to my friends and I would stay there when next I am in Dubai	
Nov 15 2009 	Really friendly	Beautiful hotel and were greeted by very friendly staff when we arrived. Especially would like to thank a receptionist called Megha. Really friendly and made use fell so welcome and was really helpful. Hotel is located beside the Metro. Not all the stops are open yet but was great for getting to the Mall of the Emirates. Rooms were huge and really nice. Also swimming pool and gym beautiful.	
Nov 5 2009 	Fantastic Experience and Value if you want a huge apartment!	Note that this review is only for the apartments...as we stayed in the 3 bedroom apartment. The normal hotel rooms and suites were excellent when we stayed in them before, esp the suites!Location is not good, as no attractions nearby, but plenty of amenities and restaurants closeby if u dont want to dine in the hotel. 5-10 mins to the airport. We got the package...note that the rates are heavily discounted on Taj's website when they have package offers so look out for them. Our rates were discounted by almost 50% and included breakfast for 7 people, hotel transfers and discounts on services. The 3 bedroom apartment was HUUUUGE! it also had a servants room with a separate bathroom, altogether 5 bathrooms I think. Rooms were well furnished, but as these were apartments, the condition of the furnishings and floorings had deteriorated significantly. I am told that the 2 bedroom apt is quite huge as well. Breakfast was excellent, probably the best I have ever had, for free at least!Concierge and valet parking services were flawless. Check in was very speedy and they also offered us a room at 7 am when usual check in is at 2 pm. The Spa was extreeemely disappointing. I believe the persons running it have changed. Whatever, the service was far below par. Ther therapist did not pay any attention to a calm environment and was moving equipment without consideration during the treatment. The pool was ok.	
Oct 24 2009 	Big rooms Old Hotel and No Booze !!	Spent one night at the Taj Club (executive) Floor. Rooms were huge. Bathrooms were also huge. Service was friendly. Very close to the Airport (10 mins by taxi). But if your business is in Sheik Zayed Road you should not look for a hotel in this area.I was very disturbed by the mysterious stench that came out of the toilet. I did not have time to complain during my stay. I did after I checked out and the management apologized and offered me a free stay the next time I am in Dubai (I have no plans though :) ).They have three restaurants- Turkish, Indian and Japanese. No time to check it out.One more thing - this hotel does not have a Bar. So you cant drink on this property ! The mini bar in the room carries only soft drinks . Enjoy !!When I made my reservation I was told to take the Taj Club Floor for a higher cost so I get an early check in. This didn't work. I still waited from 8 am to 10.45 Am for my room. Check in here is 2 PM.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good rates and rooms in an older area....but not up to Taj Standards	Ok...I booked a room at this hotel because I would be in Dubai for a very short stay - less then 24 hours.. I got a terrific rate - $150 USD for a Taj Club room that included round-trip airport transfers by limo and access to the Taj Club lounge that includes breakfast, all-day coffee, and hot snacks in the evening. I made the reservation on line and put in all my information including flight details. When I arrived in Dubai, I didn't see anyone from the Taj there to pick me up. I was extremely irritated. I had just gotten off a flight from Bangalore with several pieces of luggage, and no mobile phone that works in Dubai. I had no patience to figure out how to use a pay phone to call the hotel. Since I had flown Business Class, I went to the Emriates counter to have them arrange a complimentary transfer to the hotel. When I arrived at the hotel, several things went wrong. First of all, the front desk informed me that in order for me to have the airport transfer, I had to call the hotel directly and request the service, even though I was booked in a Taj Club room and had stated all arrival information in the online reservation form. What really upset me was that Taj didn't do anything to make this situation better. The check-in was worse - they don't allow you to use a Debit card to guarantee the reservation at the front desk. So, I had to use cash to pay for the room. Finally after check-in, a front desk personnel escorted me to the club level room and told me about the amenities in the Taj Club. When I arrived into the room; it was huge....they say this hotel has the largest rooms in Dubai and they are right. The room was very nice - large King bed, sofa sitting area, and computer work desk and table. Additionally, the room had a balcony with 2 chairs and a table overlooking an apartment building. The bathroom were also very large. Very nice bathroom!!! The only problem - THE ROOM SMELLED OF CIGARETTE SMOKE!!!!!! I have a strong allergy to this smell....and really couldn't stay in the room. The front-desk agent who escorted me to the room agreed with the smell, and called downstairs for a room change. There were no other rooms they could put me in for the one night. Very hard to believe!!!!! So, the only thing they could do was have housekeeping come up and clean the room. Housekeeping came up and their idea of cleaning the room was to spray some lemon scented air freshner all in the room. They sprayed so much air freshned that the capet was damp everywhere I stepped. The smell did make the room bearable, but now the room had a lemony smell. The hotel's in-room internet is complimentary for Taj Club users - it is a wired connection, not WiFi in the rooms. The broadband internet connection was VERY SLOW and kept dropping. After a while I managed to take a small nap. The bed was very comfortable. One comment about the location. The hotel is about 10 mins away from the airport, but really in an older part of Dubai. My friends told me that hookers are known to frequent the area across from the hotel....so not too great of a location, but 10-15 minutes away by taxi to the newer shopping malls, etc. Ok, when I checked out of the hotel, I decided to use the complimentary airport transfer for Taj Club guests by limo. Well....there was NO LIMO. The limo was basically a small compact car. Not sure why they advertise a &quot;limo airport transfer.&quot; Overall, the rate was very good and included a lot of perks. Next time, I may pay a bit more and choose a hotel in a better location liek Dubai or Emriates mall. You can even take the new Dubai train that you can catch from the airport to areas like Dubai and Emirates mall.I love Taj properties in India; they have fantastic service every time. I usually stay at a Taj or Leela property when traveling in India. The Taj Palace Dubai does not live up to Taj standards, as other reviewers have pointed out.	
Oct 15 2009 	5 Star Taj luxury	We were in Dubai and looking for a hotel for 10 nights. When we walked into the Taj Palace Hotel we decided to stay there if the price was right. The price was right - 650 Dhs (£110) a night including breakfast. And what a breakfast!! - everything from smoked salmon to curry!! The smallest rooms were huge “Executive” with Queen size beds, large flat screen TV (including BBC News and Sky News), tea and coffee making facilities and a balcony with the scintillating sounds of Diera (completely shut out with the door closed). The roof top pool and gym were open until 10 at night. All the staff we dealt with were wonderful from receptionists to the room cleaner - very pleasant and helpful - particularly Prakash and Grace at breakfast.The hotel is situated between Al Maktoum Road and Al Rigga Road, a short walk to the Creek and to the Al Rigga Metro station (the Metro opened while we were in Dubai - 10 of the 29 stations on the Red Line so far). A single stop takes you to the Diera City Centre Mall. There are plenty of eating places here and on Al Rigga Road, but we did eat on a couple occasions at the Indian and Turkish restaurants in the hotel - there was a deal on the Turkish set meal - if you go for this just make sure you are very hungry!! Two other restaurants, Italian and Japanese, were closed for the low season. We also ate in the Radisson Blu hotel a short walk away. If you like steak try the Italian there - probably the best we’ve had!!The Taj Palace Hotel does not serve alcohol but you are allowed it in your room. Just a couple of minor criticisms. The room TV has three English film channels provided by the hotel, but there is no listing available. Internet access has to be bought by the day at 120 Dhs (£20), but there are several internet cafes within a short walk charging 5 Dhs an hour.This was 10 nights of true 5 star luxury.	
Aug 26 2009 	Try it!	It's about 10min from the airport, and about 10 min cab ride to Deira City Centre, so it's in a pretty good location. I stayed at the Executive Suite, which had it's own sauna and jacuzzi :o), 2 TVs a huge living room and free internet! The room was brilliant, but the SPA was not. Tried the Thai massage for about US $130, NOT worth it.	
Aug 20 2009 	Nice Hotel in Crowded locaiton	As young couple, We find this hotel full of comfert and privacy. I advise to choose Hotel room on upper floor for better view from gallery. Only advantage of Bad location is availability of everything on nearby. Pool is maintained well. Good Spa services. But surely its not comparable with ROTANA Hotels ranges.	
Jun 23 2009	Check everything!!!!!	A lovely hotel but two things took the edge off the stay.Firstly they wanted to charge for breakfast. I had booked this with a third party internet Co. and the paperwork said breakfast included. Had somewhat of a problem with the Taj staff who wanted to charge for the breakfast even though my paperwork showed a free breakfast was included. Eventually they gave in. You'd think I was after the Crown Jewels, for chrisake it was only a breakfast.Secondly. Do not take the facility of them picking you up from the airport. The internet blurb implied a free pick up and delivery service was available (like other hotels in Dubai). It isn't. They picked me up and I booked to have them take me back to the airport when leaving. When I checked out there was a big cost for transport. When questioned about this they said no way what is free and I had misunderstood...yeah right.They said &quot;Tell you what we will do. We will only charge you a one way fee&quot;. OK I said, thinking a free return to the airport. My transport arrived .....a taxi. I had to pay the taxi driver. And the fee....a 90% saving on the Taj Palace cost.Conclusion. Read the small print, get everything quite clear otherwise they will argue with you for more than their pound of flesh.	
Jun 21 2009 	the Taj class	The Taj group of hotels mean excellence and it was class apart. what an experience!, cannot be described, it has to be experienced.	
Jun 15 2009 	simply superb!	was there for two nights in the blistering heat of june.I have been to dubai earlier and considered hotels here to be very overpriced.so taj was a wonderful surprise.found a great deal with them airport transfers'breakfast included.firstly rooms were hugeand very tastefully done.huge bathrooms.the indian restuarant was good.room service was very prompt.airconditioning great...essential in dubai heat.taxi's are cheap and very east to get.dont think twice about booking this one!	
Jun 13 2009 	cloud nine experience	i stayed in the hotel for 3 nights with my husband n my baby.....had an amazing time .....staff is so courteous and helpful....rooms are amazing,very cosy and very spacious. food is good too. have stayed earlier in j w marriot lots of time but this hotel is far more superior in terms of level of comfort.	
Jun 9 2009 	Superb rooms	The hotel is very good for spending time with your families.The room ambience is very good,the pool in the hotel and the food is excellent.	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic Business/liesure property	Located by the airport and city center. LArge rooms with luxurious bathrooms. Service is normal but staff is always attentive. Confortable stay and good food also.	
May 22 2009	Taj May 2009	The Taj property in Dubai is &quot;OK&quot;. We stayed in the apartments and those were quite spacious. It could have easily fitted 6 people without the extra bed. The concierge and the reception are extremely helpful and so are the staff. We really liked the Indian restaurant - Handi, but are not sure about the others. As for amenities in the hotel - they are good and we actually used them extensively. The only drawback was the location. You cannot really walk anywhere (unless you want to do about 2+ km of walking). The closed attraction was the creek. and Deira City center which is a 10dhms cab ride away. All in all, nice hotel but would venture elsewhere next time around.	
May 14 2009 	Decent hotel and very good service - however the area is just ok.	We booked the Taj Palace on the phone, through Taj hotels, and got a great deal - it was about $200 per night, including airport transfers, breakfast, internet access, Taj Club amenities, and kids stay free. When I booked the room, I was told that I could get rollaway beds for the kids, at no charge. However, when we checked in at 2 am, they said the rollaways would be an extra charge each per nite, and their policy is kids stay free of charge in same room using the existing bed! my kids are bigger than me, so it would be impossible for 4 people in one bed!!After back and forth fighting, they showed us a few rooms which were reeking of smoke; I had requested non smoking as i am allergic to smoke.finally, they showed us a non -smelly room w/ 2 queen beds, and we agreed that we would take it. it was not on the taj club floor and did not have internet access, but they allowed us to use our taj club privileges. so after that whole drama, our stay there was fine. handi rest. is excellent (indian cuisine) the other rest's were empty! only handi was full! the morning buffet was really good with tons of varieties of food and the servers were so hospitable. the Taj Club afternoon tea and snacks was also a nice treat - they had some sandwiches, cookies, frutis and juices, tea coffee, etc. the rooftop pool was decent as well as the gym.the downside is the area - it is far from jumeirah and all the &quot;hot spots&quot; - a big downside because taxis are getting expensive now. but , it is in a &quot;working class area&quot; so you get to see &quot;real life&quot; in dubai (you get to see very interesting &quot;business transactions&quot; on the street as well) its def. not the &quot;bubble existence&quot; of the Palm jumeirah lifestyle. there are a ton of fast food places around, as well as money exchange places. the hotel also has a shuttle to city center and a couple of other malls on alternating days.	
Apr 29 2009 	decent hotel in an indecent area	very garrish interiors of the rooms..howevr the service n food r really good..the area wher the hotel is located isnt great either but u hve lots of fastfood options if u want to step out also ther r money changers just next door...all in all its a decent but not a fabulous place to stay	
Apr 19 2009 	Well run hotel with very large rooms	The taj makes an excellent base for exploring dubai. The staff, service and location are all first class. It is in Diera very close to the airport but not too far from the other attractions. The rooms are fantastic, very large in size, very well furnished and have balconies. There are many restaurants on site- turkish, japanese , italian and handi an indian restaurant. The latter is an excellent dining experience albeit a little pricey (They do not serve alcohol in this hotel ) .The rooftop swimming pool and gym/spa are a pleasure to visit.	
Apr 17 2009 	Awesome Service very conveniently located	Hotel Taj Dubai gives a feeling of home away from home for every Indian travelling to Dubai. Its got the trademark Indian hospitality with the best in class service and food for the discerning Indian traveller.Very conveniently located in the heart of the city. Ideal for family or Business traveller's stay. Very nice interiors with all the 5 star amenities.	
Apr 17 2009 	the taj signature experience	the taj signature experience....we are die hard taj hotel fans, and believe that they really live upto their standards, everytime, all the time. hence our choice of a hotel was rather simple. we stayed there between the 26th and 28th of Feb.The service was great, the food was great, with a large variety, and the room was really large and comfortable. The only downside is the location of the hotel building, but that unfortunately, is the case almost everywhere, with huge construction sites blocking most views of the city.will definitely recommend to families.	
Mar 5 2009 	nice if your not in the apartments	As a returning guest to this hotel I had a good feel for what to expect.The good:Lovely food and service in the restaurants and at breakfastnice foyer with lovely cakesThe not so goodExpect a much lower standard if you book at apartments - they charge full wack and some more but you do not get the same quality compared to the club rooms (at roughly the same price)so a few toiletries (a shower cap, nile file and a body wash which is stuck to the wall), no turndown.We had booked 6 months ago and were assured that our requests would be honoured, we arrived early and were only able to check in 12 hours later (6 hours after check in should have been) we had requested the quieter side, whilst the otherside facing the mosque is great from a cultural exposure perspective we had a two year old who bolted up at each call to prayer after a long haul flight it was a complete nightmare.The next room they gave us did not have a walk in shower and had one less bathroom then advertised - bewarned!! since our party included a disabled person - we talked to front desk and the lady said you wanted to move from one side to the other and we have done that!!! the point I was making was that they had down graded the quality of the apartment that they had given us considerably. They have stopped the ayverdic spa facility even though we had prebooked these we were not informed until we arrived.This stay could have given faulty towers a fun for its money!We spoke to the manager about this and he discounted the rate by £150 for the total stay on a booking that cost £3000 which purely added insult to injury, but for us summed up the experience.At this price there are many more options, but I would say if your on a transfer and have a couple of days then this is not a bad place just book yourself a club room.Also the price in the apt does not include breakfast or internet access both available at a price.	
Jan 25 2009 	Very Good but not Perfect	The Taj Palace was a very nice hotel, and in Dubai terms, a definite bargain, although it is not the best in the land of the 7-star hotels. My wife and I stayed two nights in Dubai en route to Tanzania for our safari honeymoon, and had a wonderful stay, although the hotel did not have everything we wanted.Let's get the negatives out of the way, since they're small in number and not really all that bad. First, there's no alcohol in the hotel--no big deal, since it's not particularly difficult to find booze elsewhere in Dubai, but the Taj had some really nice restaurants whose courses were crying out for a wine accompaniment. Second, I did not think the offerings at the club floor, where we stayed, added that much. If I returned to the Taj (and I definitely would), I would probably get a room on another floor. Lastly, there's the location--I liked the spot where we were, as it was very quiet, but the view of the city was not that great compared to other places we visited, and it's not in the &quot;happening&quot; part of town, which one has to take into consideration.Now, the positives: the staff was superb, definitely one of the top 2-3 I have ever encountered in all my travels. Everyone knew my name, why my wife and I were visiting, and went out of their way to make sure that we were able to see and do everything we wanted in Dubai--they even made us a congratulatory cake! The room itself was also spectacular, with an enormous bed, great bathroom, and huge flat screen TV plus free wi-fi. The hotel itself was kept in pristine condition--every 5 minutes, it seemed like someone was vacuuming or sweeping some area of the hotel. And lastly, the restaurant offerings within the hotel were very good, especially the Indian restaurant. The morning breakfast was also outstanding. Even though we visited some unbelievable hotels for other meals during our stay, the combination of service, food, and price would still place the Taj as the frontrunner on my next visit to Dubai.	
Jan 8 2009	Excellent stay in Dubai	We stayed in Taj Palace for four days for the new year's eve in a club room after a week in the Maldives.Excellent choise.Large rooms,stylish and very clean.The staf was very helpful.The hotel is located in Deira's center,very close to the airport,but half an hour drive from Jumeira beach.We loved our stay,and definetly stay there again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Taj Palace downtown luxury	Have stayed at the Taj Palace in Dubai 3 times now in the last 4 years. Each time the staff have been superb and the rooms are the largest in Dubai with a Balcony as well.The location in Deira is good if you like to shop in Naif but very far from the beach in Jumera. One of the biggest downpoints is trying to catch a cab, but this is getting more difficuly by the day. We decided to walk it to Naif, took a long time but it was nice to see the sites. Al Rigga Rd is a stones throw away and has teh Al Ghurair center which has all your fast food places as well as a cinema.The Lounge area is excellent and if you stay in the Executive Floor then you get free internet access and juice, pastries. The Breakfast is excellent and the Chefs will also make you something you like, like indian chai.The Pool area on the roof is small but ok, gets busy during the afternoon but we used to go straight after breakfast. The Gym is also quite small but adequate.What makes this place excellent, especially for muslim families that there is NO alocohol served and there is no club at the hotel either unlike some of the other larger hotel chains. They also do lots of offers, so last time we got free transfers and breakfast which helps.Thoroughly recommended to anyone who likes a family friendly hotel in a central location not far from the airport.	
Oct 21 2008 	Not 5 star	Stayed at the Taj for four nights this October. This was our second stay at the hotel, we stayed here last in March 2005, and were surprised to find that the hotel is looking old, staff were friendly but reception staff uniforms were threadbare. The breakfast was good, with a wonderful selection, however housekeeping drags this hotel down, the sink in the bathroom had a thick layer of grime at the rim which was clearly visible when you are lying in the bath. The wooden floors in the bedroom were scuffed and scratched. The location is good, proximity to Al Gurair shopping centre and restaurants was wonderful, however area around the hotel becomes a pick up point for Asian prostitutes from about 10pm at night. I would probably not stay here again as I would not be comfortable walking in the area at night. There are so many hotels to choose from in Dubai that the Taj will have to up their game if they want to stay in the race.	
Oct 9 2008 	Excellence at its best	Wow.I arrived very early, at about 2 am so naturally no room was ready but the staff went out Of Their way to ensure we got a room early.We wee served date juice while arriving and had the pleasure of seeing breakfast being set up, this was articualte and showed just how much care and effort the staff put into what they do.Breakfasts were nothing short of amazing. staff at your back and call and a variety buffet.Lovely pool area.The room was spacious and the bathroom excellent, toilet seperate from bathing area which was great.The room service wasn't too grand and I found it a tad over priced.I loved how the staff help get a taxi.I didn't like the view from the room very much at all.	
Jul 27 2008	Great rooms no alcohol	Very large rooms, good food &amp; service. Only downside is the lack of Acohol -- very unusual for five-star hotels in Dubai	
Jun 19 2008 	Be treated like royalty at the Taj Palace	The Taj Palace is only 10 mins by taxi from the Dubai airport but there is no problem with noise from the planes as the rooms are soundproof. We arrived at the hotel at 7.00 am and they had a room ready for us by 7.30 am even though check in is normally 2 or 3 pm! The standard rooms are large with spacious marble bathrooms with separate shower and separate toilet &amp; bidet. The buffet breakfast included in our package (Emirates Dubai Stopover) was excellent. The meals at the Italian Restaurant were good and reasonably priced. The hotel does not serve alcohol but that was not a problem for us. You can take a local taxi (don't take the limo taxis as they are much dearer) to the gold souks for less than 10 dirham (about $A3). Be warned though that if you want to return from the souks to the hotel during the afternoon peak hour traffic (approx. 5.30 pm onwards) the taxis refuse to take you because they don't make enough money for the time it takes as the meter only charges on distance not time. It took us 45 minutes in the 41 degree heat to walk back to the hotel. We would certainly stay at the Taj Palace again.	
May 22 2008 	Definitely five-star	Arrived at Dubai having decided to try the BA 12.40 from Heathrow, instead of my normal overnight Emirates flight.Flight was on-time and a comfortable triple 7. Arrived on-time in Dubai at 1.30pm local time and was met by my smiling Taj Palace Hotel limo driver. He was very polite and informed me our journey would take around 15 minutes, then before setting off he gave me a cool towel and bottle of water, both from a cool box he had in the front of the car.Arriving at the hotel, which is in Deira, I was escorted to the reception and greeted by a smiling smartly dressed receptionist, who welcomed me to the Taj Palace. Check in was swift and he personally escorted me to my room.My room was a very large, executive double, with dark wood floors and furniture. It also had a large and very comfy sofa with scatter cushions and a large balcony. Sadly the view was of other buildings, but remember this is Deira and so is NOT beach facing.Breakfast was a well organised affair, with someone showing me to a table and I was offered coffee immediately upon sitting down, as well as some eggs. Excellent service, and my eggs and coffee were on the table before I got back from the buffet with my orange juice. Amazing!Service was attentive, even though the restaurant was very busy. One thing noticeable however, was the dreadfully loud pan pipe music. Far too loud, which made everyone talk above it, so not terribly relaxing if you like your early morning coffee in peaceful surroundings, but overall a good experience.I decided to try the roof top pool mid morning and was surprised to note the music was once again far too loud. I found someone and asked for it to be turned down, and it was. The pool became busy very quickly with all sun beds being taken, but the pool service was not up to speed and could have been better. I believe you should be offered a drink every half hour at least, and after two hours I had been offered nothing. I went to the bar and ordered a bottle of water and it was brought to my sunbed very quickly.I visited the reception and was greeted by all three staff on duty with a smile and a &quot;Good Morning Sir&quot;. I asked about a courtesy bus to The Kempinsky Ajman, which is a hotel Taj Palace uses for guests wanting to visit a beach. I was informed it left at 9.15am and I booked a seat at a cost of 100dhms for the transport and use of the Ajman hotel for the day. I was the only one on the bus. It took around 45 minutes. The hotel and beach and pool were all fine for a day visit, but it's worth pointing out that other Jumeirah hotels offer a 'day guest' pass for a price, and most are closer by taxi, which is more convenient as you can pick your own times, and taxis are relatively cheap.The in room internet service plugged into the back of my computer and worked first time. That's a first! It costs about £12 for 24 hours, but for business I don't think that's excessive, although you perhaps wouldn't want to surf at that cost whilst on holiday. Having said that, if you're on holiday, would you want to be internet surfing?Had dinner in the hotels Japanese restaurant. I had a full Japanese Sushi buffet, with huge choice, some tepinyaki, and also some Tempura, all cooked from my selection right in front of me. I then had one or two puddings and a bottle of sparkling water to wash it all down. The cost was just 150 DHMS all in. That's about £22. Fantastic value. It's important to remember that the Taj Palace does not serve alcohol anywhere on the premises, but you may bring alcohol in to consume in your room, should you wish to do so.There's an evening turn-down service which operated efficiently. Its worth mentioning that, from my experience, the in-room 24 hour room service menu has much more choice than most. The service and facilities are all five-star at this hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. Just remember it's in the old part of Dubai called Deira, but taxis are cheap to get around.Flight back on BA was in what can best be described as an 'old' Boeing triple 7. My seat wouldn't stay upright, various video screens were not working, the seats and arm rests were tatty, and the plane's wing looked like it needed a good wash. After years of flying Emirates I thought I'd try BA. Certainly won't make that mistake again! See you soon Emirates!Finally, in my opinion, if you want to get the best service from anyone anywhere in the world, my advice is to be polite, calm, smile and always remember you are a guest in another country. Respect..and if you want your eggs to be cooked the way you like them. Ask. Remember you're in a five-star hotel ;-)	
May 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Taj Palace Dubai Located at the centre of DIERA. Location DetailsDiera is a central area of Dubai. Its not posh area such as the Jhumeira, but one can find a lot of malls close by. Its a shoping paradise as all the big malls are close by within 5 to 8km.The Taj Palace DubaiPositives.- A cotemprary design, you get a feeling of relaxation as soon as you enter the Hotel.-Great resturants (Indian, Italian, Japanense)- Exceptional service quality, a real 5 star service.- HUGE ROOMS, Rooms are so huge, 61sqft and one of the biggest rooms i have stayed in. Although they lack a sense of grand decor, but the size of it really compensates for the same.- The hotel has a nice concierge services arranges for practically anything in Dubai.Negatives.- Location is not an exotic one specially if your aim is of relaxation.- BALCONy IS said to be a luxury but in Taj Palace it seems to be a paralysed wing, practically of no use.-WIFI Charges are unheard of in any part of the world 3 Dhs per minute.Experience.My experience at the Taj was very good. Definately will stay here next time because the room size that you get here is of a grand size. The service of taj may it be in in room dining or helping it in packing of our goods was amazing, There is a sense of &quot;Cool&quot; grandness attached to the loby. The staff was very courteous. Although they charge 400 to 600 Dhs as a security deposit but if you are A Taj Innercircle member, they do away with the the deposit. The food at Handi was amazing and so was the lively atmosphere created by the musician and the singer there. Taj lives up to its reputation of Luxury and service, But i also some what agree to the previous comments that the Taj Indian Hotels are superior to Taj in Dubai. Taj Palace dubai in all a nice 5 star hotel living up to the Taj's reputation!!!	
Apr 5 2008	Taj Palace - Not Like 5* At All!	Recent Stay - March 24 - 1 April 2008I saw the Taj Palace on the Internet and looked like a nice well presented hotel. When turning up there my first impressions were great, entered the lobby very nice, open, relaxing. However once entered our room located on the 7th floor, i was not impressed at all, it was just far to small, not much space at all. Dissapointed as there was no balcony with our room. I had breakfast booked for my 8 day stay, and when i went down to eat on the first day, it all looked so nice. I got some potatoes, when i sat down to eat, i bit the potatoes, it was raw and not even cooked properly and just puked it out. The scrabled eggs werent cooked properly all gooey, Had some sausages, cut in half and all white fat started coming out, looked disgusting and realy put me off breakfast. Over the next few days i noticed the potatoes were cut differently so i thought they may be cooked well, but NO they werent. The sweet croisants section was nice.Therefore i wouldnt reccoment you book breakfast with your stay, best to eat out.There was no free wireless internet access, youd think there would be staying in a 5* hotel. You have to pay 3dhs PER MINUTE if you want internet access in the hotel. Your better off going to the internet cafe round the corner and pay 5dhs PER HOUR or 3dhs PER HOUR using your own laptop. There is only one pool on the 11th floor roof top (no indoor pool), with a jacuzzi, however there is always lots of people in there so not relaxing as much. Also with the sun so hot in months like april-august its not very pleasant in the pool as the heat could probably get to your head. You have lots of shops nearby, restaurants (mc D's, Pizza Hut, Subway, KFC, Hagen Daz etc) and shopping malls, smal kids funfair all within walking distance. The best place to stay i would reccomend is Golden Sands 3 or 5 apartments. They have 2 pools, great service from staff, big rooms, balcony, free internet access, rooms have kitchens, washing machine, fridge, cooker and everything you need. Its best as sometimes its nice to be in your room and cook your own breakfast, bring lunch or dinner from out and eat comfortably!! Hope this review has helped...	
Apr 5 2008	Really Worth	The pleasant stay in this hotel is unforgettable, especially the good staff, great breakfast, ample rooms and one of the best house keepings we have ever experienced! It really worths every penny you spend! Wish the best for the organizers.Tehran, Iran	
Mar 26 2008 	Very Spacious Rooms	I stayed in this hotel a few times and all experiences have been wonderful. Here are the (+ve) &amp; (-ve) things about it.(+ve)- The rooms are very spacious with a bathroom in each room. All my stays in this hotel were in 2 or 3 bedroom suites.- The kitchen is large, with a large living room. - Great restaurants on the ground floor. I loved the Turkish restaurants.- Prices are excellent.- The hotel is located in the city centre, so you're wihtin close proximity to a shopping mall + there is a supermarket in one of the buildings around the hotel.- When staying in the 2 or 3 bedroom suite, there is a small room for the maid with a toilet + a storeroom is available to store your luggage.- A large balcony connects the living room with the 2 bedrooms. So the windows are actually french windows that open into the balcony.(-ve) - The view from the window is not that great. Surrounding the hotel are buildings, buildings &amp; more buildings. However, the view from the restaurant down at the mezannine floor are great.	
Mar 4 2008 	A poor Taj hotel	You will probably like this property a lot more if you have not sampled other Taj properties in India which are always fantastic. If one were to compare this hotel with others available in Dubai then it will fare much better.The rooms are very large. While they are better than most clinical Dubai hotel rooms they lack the warmth and personality one would expect for the price. One constantly gets the feeling in all aspects of the hotel that they are penny pinching in their expenses. The tea bags are awful, the toileteries are limited, one constantly has to ask for small things like shower caps. The food at breakfast does not compare to international standards. While everyone is very eager to please the staff are not well trained. The hotel did not send a car pick up as promised but instead asked us to get a cab which they would pay for. During checkout they decided to errorneously charge us for the entire contents of the room eatables and drinks which they reveersed after we were upset.Avoid the Turkish restaurant by all means. The staff in he restaurants hate serving guests. The hotel should close the restaurant.The good part - the hotel is close to lots of interesting eating places and markets. Stroll across for a meal. This is a rarity in Dubai.After 10.30 pm the roads close to the hotel also has unsavoury transactions occurring on the streets. However they do not bother touists walking by.	
Feb 18 2008 	Apartments not as luxurious as the hotel rooms the Indian restaurant is amazing	I was excited by the thought of finally getting the chance to stay in a Taj Palace hotel. First thought -- there's nothing Palace-like about it. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice looking hotel, just not sure why they're calling a very businessy looking hotel a &quot;Palace&quot;. Also, the address of this place is somewhat of a mystery. The closest you can find on the Taj website is a P.O. Box address. I'd already made the reservation, and was preparing for my trip when I realised this. Had to call the hotel just to ask their actual address. And it is listed here on tripadvisor, but not on the hotel's official website. Strange. We were a group of 7 people. So we booked a 3 br apartment and an executive room (the most standard in the hotel). I have to say that the apartment is nowhere near as nice as the executive room. The executive room is very opulently decorated, but the apartment (while I know apartments are supposed to be more modest looking than a hotel room) is not quite worthy of being in a Taj Palace hotel which is known for the highest level of opulence. The apartment, while very very spacious and served its purpose of hosting a big family, actually looked a bit cheap. Very plain looking old shower curtains and a bathtub that looks like one from a cheap hotel. It was nothing compared to the executive room that had a much nicer bed and covers, gorgeous well appointed bathrooms, and much better bedroom decor. Nothing went wrong during our stay, in fact we had a very nice stay here. But I think the one person who got the executive room really lucked out compared to the 6 of us who chose the apartment. Service overall was very very good but the best part of this hotel has to be Handi, the Indian restaurant. I will always remember my meal at Handi as the best Indian food I have ever had in my life (and I eat a lot of Indian food)! This is Indian cuisine at its finest and if anyone stays here or anywhere else in Dubai I would highly recommend a visit. We still talk about that one meal every time Indian food comes up in our conversation about how incredible it was. It is now on my must do list for my next visit to Dubai, even if I am going to stay in another hotel.	
Nov 30 2007	Handi Was a Rip-Off	The Indian Rest &quot;Handi&quot; is a rip-off. The Mineral water per bottle is AED 26, imported from Italy. There are several well know brands of local water eg Masafi, one should be better off not ordering water from this restaurant. Even the food is not any better. The butter chicken and lamb curry I ordered is of poor taste. My host told me that these people are using some cream and micro heat the dish. The chef should know that there are good food in India especially places like Sheraton (Bukhara)Delhi When I complained about the water, the waitress told that she will give me some discount but I think she could not get approval from her boss. The single item in my bill of AED455 turned out to be Mineral water AED 78 for 3 bottlels plus tax plus other. Next time I will not step into this expensive poor quality restaurant. Please avoid this place.	
Nov 19 2007 	Excellent service	We spent 3 nights at this hotel as a stopover on our way to Mauritius. We couldn't fault it. The service was excellent from start to finish. Rooms are enormous and bathrooms luxurious (and we only had a standard room) We arrived in the morning, normally rooms aren't available till after 2pm but the staff went out of there way to make our rooms ready earlier and served us fruit cocktails whilst we were waiting. It is a hotel that doesn't serve alcoholic, but that wasn't a problem. We enjoyed time relaxing around the roof top pool also (when we weren't shopping!!).Would definately stay there again.	
Sep 22 2007 	great room spa and location	We stayed at the hotel for two nights and managed to see most of Dubai. The location is very good and we were able to walk to the creek and reach the boat for a romantic dinner. The room was seriously luxurious and service was excellent. The spa was lovely and the pool at the roof also. The breakfast was great, but there was another buffet which cost extra and we were told was amazing. A tip: Get your alcoholic drinks from the Duty free because they don't serve alcohol in the hotel. It is considered by the locals as one of the best hotels due to this (!) They don't mind if you drink alcohol in your room though.The city is very safe for anyone but they don't like it when women wear shorts and mini skirts or, generally, sexy clothes. Also, keep some change so that you cross the creek with the little boats because if you find yourself on the other side with no cash, well, it's too far to walk back !	
Aug 4 2007 	Best Aryuvedic Spa facility in Dubai	Stayed with family for 5 nights in July 2007 at the Taj Palace Hotel in Dubai. One of the best places in town. The rooms are large and very comfortable. The service comes with a personal touch, which as a business traveller I have yet to find in equivalent hotels. The breakfast team (Sampad/Roy.. ) did an excellent job in providing us with Indian Masala tea..The Aryuvedic Spa Centre , managed by Dr Deepa Dahvejkar and her team is an excellent facility. My wife , daughter and myself were booked in for various treatments and the results were rejuvinating to say the least... I would throughly recommend this to fellow travellers... The Spa facilities at the Taj Palace are far better than 3 x 1/2 hr complimentary treatments that we received at Grand Habtoor, Jumeirah-Dubai.Well done to all at Taj Palace... keep up the good work. and THANKS from the Mehta family..	
Apr 30 2007 	A great hotel	We stayed at the Taj early March.Check in was a delight - with attentive staff taking care of us from the moment we stepped out of the car. The room was huge, with a quiet balcony. The lobby is impressive, with plenty of soft seating, and coffee service. Breakfast was on a mezzanine with a large choice. For other meals there are several excellent restaurants in the hotel itself. We particularly liked the Turkish one.There is a pool, and spa facilities both of which were excellent.The location is in the old city - Deira - and so is close to the airport but still quiet and still within easy reach of the attractions. Shopping centres are close by, as are other hotels, cafes and restaurants.All in all we received a first class service. We would definitely go back to stay there. A fine 5 star hotel.	
Apr 29 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	Great hotel in great location. Traffic is heavy in the area at rush times but it is a problem all over Dubai. However, all taxis are comfortable and air-conditioned. We arrived eraly and were given welcoming drinks. Porter took out bags to the room. Excellent service throughout our stay.Very friendly staff, clean and spacious rooms, towels replaced twice a day, fresh lillys in the bathroom.Very nice swimming pool on the roof. Hotel has an agreement with Ajman Kempinski beach hotel for use of their private beach. Bus departs daily at 9.25 to the beach and returns at 15.30. There is a fee of 60 darham perperson to use the beach. Very nice beach.	
Apr 1 2007 	Disappointing!	Having stayed 6 weeks previously at LRM this hotel was more like a 3* in comparison. Despite requesting an early check in we waited for over 2 hours for our room. The reception staff were very unfriendly and did not even offer us a coffee during our wait. When I asked if we could go for breakfast while we waited we were told yes if we paid for it. The breakfast room staff were more friendly but on the two occasions we asked for scrambled egg it took over 15 minutes to arrive. The rooms however are huge and very comfortable. The hotel is in a good location for shopping in the city but that’s all.	
Mar 27 2007 	HUGE rooms!	From the outside this place looks so-so... but...Reception was excellent if a bit longer than usual - (it was 2am). The room service food was excellent and well presented.The Room was to die for - and the bath and shower were heaven!This reviewer travels A LOT and this hotel certainly impressed. The only issue that some visitors may want to be aware of is that this hotel is DRY although you can take alcohol into your room from outside the hotel.Location is the best for many Deira hotels in that you are only a few minutes from the Clock Tower roundabout - even in the horrible morning chaos that is the crawl to Bur Dubai and sites such as the Museum and anywhere the other side of the creek.	
Mar 24 2007 	Taj Palace Hotel	We visited Dubai a week ago and stayed at the Taj Palace Hotel and were so impressed with the hotel standards. We arrived early and were given a free upgrade which was huge, the staff were so polite and we received a first class service. The hotel is in a good location to all the main attractions. Short taxi ride to airport costing £3-4. There was a great variety for breakfast and the spa facilities at the hotel were one of the best I have experienced. Top marks in all departments, would definitely go back to stay there.	
Feb 24 2007 	Beautiful Rooms and Great Service!	I only got to stay in the Taj Palace for one night but it was long enough to see what an excellent hotel it is. Even the standard rooms are huge with beautiful wood floors and a large sitting area along with the king sized bed. The bathrooms with separate tub and shower are also giant and beautiful.The staff at check in were very courteous and efficient. Some people might care that there is no alcohol served at this hotel. And sometimes it can be a slight wait to get a taxi but this is common in all of Dubai it seems. The location is off the main roads so it stays quiet.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jan 27 2007 	AMAZING hotel I loved it 5* in every way	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Taj Place for 4 nights in October 2006 and I loved every second of it, ignore and bad reviews about this hotel!Inside the hotel is stunning with glass and marble everywhere and the lifts are the fastest and quietest I have ever been in.The room was massive with a comfy bed, luxurious bathrooms, large tv, non-alcoholic mini bar and a balcony. The room had bathrobes slippers safe and toiletries. Basically everything you could need.House keeping was excellent and the beds were made twice a day with a mint each night on your pillow. Daily newspapers were provided every day as were free bottles of water.The breakfast was delicious and offered a good variety with your eggs cooked specifically for you how you like them.The pool on the roof was great as was the jacuzzi which was larger than I expected. The pool attendant couldn't have been more helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Towels were provided for sunbathing and swimming.All rooms and public areas were well air-conditioned and bright.The staff were all friendly and were always smiling and the taxis they hotel provide are clean safe and reliable.I will definately be going back to this hotel soon and I would recommend it to anyone.Thanks to everyone at the Taj Palace.	
Jan 7 2007 	Great city base	We stayed at the taj palace April 2006. Located in Deira. Brilliant concierge who pre-booked all of our restaurants and presented us with an itinerary on arrival. Nice foyer. Very spacious and well equipped room with a huge bed, felt almost like a mini suite. Losts of overstuffed cushions and soft furnishings. Clean with friendly domestic staff - most very young looking!Nice breakfast buffet in small breakfast room, had to queue on occasion but never had to wait too long. The hotel was in a pretty good location within walking distance of a couple of the major shopping malls (but do take your walking shoes!) also could walk to the souqs if feeling particularly energetic. However the roads are pretty busy and we saw a number of RTAs and near misses so do use the overpasses even if its not convenient.The pool is located on the rooftop and has limited sun loungers - can be a struggle to find one. The pool staff didn't exactly rush to help us move the parasols on occasion either! The pool isn't massive but adequate for a cooling dip. Great views of incoming aircraft at close range and you can see the airport! (Sorry I'm a bit of an aircraft anorak). The pool bar serves food (the pizza is pretty tasty) but is quite expensive.The hotel also has a couple of shops including a very handy pharmacy. Buy water, snacks etc from the local stores as the hotel is expensive (I don't recall free water in the room).The spa is nice but is segragated for boys &amp; girls. Went for Arudeyvic massage which was not v relaxing. Apparently based on the type person you are (you fill in a questionnaire beforehand) which means I must have been pretty evil in a previous life! Also had a facial with (sorry) blackhead removal which almost made me cry - a little heavy handed. Didn't go back.Fabulous indian restaurant in the hotel (Handi)- some of the best indian food i've tasted. There was also a middle eastern one - pretty deserted though food okay.All in all good location clean luxurious rooms. Great base from which to explore Deira.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Hotel	A very nice hotel. It is in Deira, which is a little offputting as the traffic in this part of Dubai is shocking and means that you have to cross the creek to get to many of the attractions and malls, but the hotel itself is very nice. The staff are friendly, helpful and professional and the food in the restaurants is great. I would go back and recommend this to anyone (assuming you want to be in Deira).	
Dec 8 2006 	Excellent Property	This is a 5-star, top-notch hotel, particularly for the business traveller. We stayed in a club room which included breakfast and airport transfers. The hotel is of a high standard and our room was large, well furnished and included a good sized balcony with table and chairs. Huge bathroom with excellent shower, separate toilet area and lovely bathtub, amenities, good towels. The staff were friendly and helpful.We ate at 2 of the hotel's restaurants - the award-winning Indian restaurant, Handi, and the Japanese, Sakura. Sadly we didn't have enough time to eat at the Turkish restaurant that looked really inviting as well. The hotel is well located about 15 minutes from the airport and we recommend it highly. Just a word of caution about Dubai traffic. If you need to get to the airport, leave in plenty of time. A 15 minute drive in off-peak can take almost an hour in peak hour.	
Dec 6 2006	Be aware - no alcohol served here!	Noisy location with inadequate noise-proofingHuge well furnished rooms with a luxurious bathroomGood housekeeping/room service but not the friendliest reception staffHotel does not serve alcohol - no heads up on this from either the travel agenct or the website - most frustrating!	
Nov 20 2006 	Simply a wonderful hotel!	We came back from Dubai yesterday, the 19th of November 2006. Apart from the fact that Dubai is a wonderful city, our stay at Taj Palace made it even more special! The hotel has definetely the biggest rooms any hotel in Dubai has to offer, impeccable service, it is extremely clean and cautious to the smallest detail that can make your stay of higher quality. The people at the reception and the concierge are just more than polite, always willing to help you in every way they can to make your stay even nore special!If you go to Dubai do not hesitate to book this hotel!John&amp;Kali from Greece	
Oct 15 2006 	Absolutely Beautiful Hotel	We stayed here on our way back from the UK to Perth. I was truely delighted in the clean, spacious room, location &amp; staff were very friendly. Breakfast served at a more reasonable time, for us to use it as Brunch as the variety is there to satisfy anyone's tastes.Will have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 3 2006 	Fantastic Hotel. I will use again	I stayed at the Taj Palace twice during September en route to and coming back from China. It is a truly fabulous hotel. The rooms are large and comfortable, the staff are friendly, the restaurants are lovely and it is within easy transfer to the airport.Absolutely everything a 5 star hotel should be.	
Sep 15 2006	Great hotel	Excellent service. just what a 5 star should be.	
Aug 18 2006 	Excellent Hotel	We had a wonderful stay in this hotel. We booked two standard rooms which were superb quality, very clean, loads of space and very well furnished.Staff were attentive and professional in all respects.Nice pool on the roof (cooled in the summer)Loaction was good in the old centre of Deira, but if you're looking for beaches they are a 15 minute taxi ride away (taxis are very cheap)Hotel has an excellent Indian restaurant but dishes are more spicey than similar dishes in the UK so be careful.Highly recommended.	
Mar 23 2006	Great Hotel Very Good Rooms Midtown location	Rooms: Spacious, comfortable beds, spacious bathroom.Good for families (I've stayed here twice with my family in a 2-bedroom suite that included a maid's room. Balconies are spacious with tables &amp; chairs and are connected to both bedrooms. Location:Small supermarkets are close-by as well as Shopping Malls and the Old Souk.View: You'd see buildings all around you from the balconies. Yet, sunshine is not blocked so a lot of sunlight will enlight the suite/room.Restaurants:I love the Turkish restaurant. The Indian seems great also but I've never been there. There's also a Japanese restaurant.Check In:Check In is slow because they've got a lot of Arabian Gulf guests at the hotel. Rates:Very good for medium budgets. I find it low relative to other 5 star hotels in Dubai.	
Mar 10 2006	Not great for business travellers	We chose this hotel because it was a relatively less expensive option than other hotels in Dubai. The staff were accommodating and nice, and the rooms are large and pleasant. The hotel is relatively central, meaning that it is a quick journey to nearby services, shopping malls, etc.However, we had chosen it on the basis that it advertised internet access. One huge drawback is that there is no internet access in the rooms. There is also no wireless connection in the hotel. There are two computers in the business center which offer high speed internet access.Also, the hotel is &quot;dry&quot; (no alcohol is sold on the premises, including their excellent Indian restaurant).	
Jan 5 2006	A very nice hotel	We have stayed there for 5 days for the last year's new year's eve. The hotel is very luxurious. We have also upgraded (we were two couples) in a superior family suite which was like an apartment. With a spacious living room having two large leather sofas, a big wide screen tv), a beautiful kitchen with all the facilities,two absolutely magnificent huge bedrooms, a maid's room, three bathrooms, and a utilities rooms with laundry and etc!!!!!!. The staff was very kind and helpful during our stay .The only things that we did not like was the hotel's Italian restaurant (the food was disgusting).Also keep in mind that alcoholic drinks are not being served in the hotel	
Jul 13 2005	Wow! Great Staff and Stunning Hotel	We just returned last night and stayed 5 nights at the Taj and 5 nights in Hilton Jumeirah Beach.The Taj beat the Hilton by a long shot in terms of customer service. They treated us like royalty. Really enjoyed it very much and thank you to a great bunch of guys at the Taj Palce.Nice Big rooms and a courteous upgrade to an apartment for a little bit extra - which had everything in it including a washing machine and dryer!!! Swimming pool, jacuzzi and spa are all fit for a king...trust me!We will be back soon!	
Jun 15 2005	Excellent hotel and service	Date: 14th May 2005We went to Dubai, Taj Palace for 8 nights. It was the most beautiful hotel, with large bedrooms i have stayed out. An average double room looks like a suite. The hotel service was above expectation, their staff were really polite with excellent customer service. Taj Palace has an Indian restaurant that serves the best Indian food compared to any other place. Even better then UK restuarants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone	
May 31 2005 	Terrible Service not 5 star more like a 2 star	I stayed at this hotel with my family. I booked a Taj Club Room, which was supposed to have extra facilities. We had a complimentary airport transfer which took the guy at the airport, at least half hour to locate. when we finally arrived it was about 7:30 AM in the morning as we were on an overnight flight from the UK. There were other people who arrived at the same time, who got their rooms by 10:00 AM. But I had to wait untill 12:00 Noon to get my room and that was after several complaints and talking to the manager. I had 2 children who were very tired and wanted to sleep and the staff had no sympathy for me.  Anyway the service was very poor compared to other 5 star hotel I stayed. I only stayed there for 4 days, then I changed to Shangrila which was a far superior service compared to Taj. The Club room was a waste of time also, they had very little to nothing to offer, some stale sandwiches at about 5:00 PM and one drink. the service is far superior even in the 4 star traders hotel compare to this. Also the indian staff were very rude and unprofessional. I think its about time Taj trained their staff in manners and always pushing for tips, which is very bad, if people get good service tipping is not a problem. But whith bad service to expect a tip its very wrong in my opinion. Overall I was very dissappointed with Taj Service, I think management is to blame for this kind of service. If you want to stay at Taj, do so at your own risk, I would look elsewhere.	
May 29 2005	BEST HOTEL EVER PALACE I FELT LIKE A QUEEN		
May 10 2005	Terrible - complete waste of time and money!!!		
Apr 30 2005	poor service!		
Apr 25 2005	Ideal for my honeymoon!!!		
Apr 17 2005 	could do better		
Mar 16 2005	Heaven in Dubaï		
Jan 24 2005 	excellent!!		
Jan 3 2005	Like in the real palace		
Sep 5 2004	wonderful hotel		
Jul 12 2004	I won't stay here again!		
Oct 26 2009 	????????		
Sep 8 2009 	Un très bon 5 étoiles		
Aug 22 2009 	Un excellent compromis et une valeur sûre		
Jul 2 2009 	Ces 5 etoiles correspondent parfaitement		
May 29 2009 	Difícil de superar !!		
Nov 11 2008 	hotel carino ma pessimo servizio alla reception		
Oct 29 2008 	?????		
Oct 27 2008 	fantastico hotel a dubai!		
May 17 2008 	Erschwinglicher Luxus in zentraler Lage		
Jan 11 2008	Lebhafte Umgebung riesige Luxuszimmer...		
Jul 14 2006	Luxus für die Seele		
Feb 23 2006	superbe hotel de ville		
