	Highly Recommend this Hotel	After 30 hours travelling from Taiwan we arrived at 6.30am (!) - check in time we realised was 2pm BUT by 8.30 - after a magnificent breakfast -our suite had been cleaned and was ready for us. Where to start:- staff - magnificent - always obliging and every member of staff,when passing you on foot or golf buggies, would take the trouble to wish you the time of day. Breakfast was superb with everything you could possibly want - my wife loves fruit for breakfast and pronounced this hotel the best she's stayed in from that aspect - and we've stayed in a few top class ones believe me !! We had arranged to meet some friends in Dubai itself - so cars laid on as requested to get into Dubai - 40 mins away - great drivers - polite - great cars too - one day we had a a BMW 7 Series to take us to the golf !! Beach was awesome - after day one John our beach man had our beds ready for us in the appointed place. Sea calm - beach clean - not too much building work at all. Hotel is pricey but well worth it. A definite re-visit for us.	
Nov 1 2009 	excellent	excellent, what more can i say. the staff, food, rooms,service etc was perfect, they could not do enough for you.i will be going back. we have stayed in many 5star hotels all over the world and this was the best. a great holiday.	
Nov 1 2009 	nice the second time around	we got upgraded to butler suite which had all the bells and whisles the other room didnt have. too much construction day and night on the palm projects at sea	
Oct 1 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in!!	My wife and I stayed here for the first part of our honeymoon and both of us agree that any words we say about the hotel and staff will not do them justice. Think of the best five star hotel you have ever stayed in, well the Palm Tree Court is better. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone.The staff could not do enough for you. The food was out of this world and the surroundings are fantastic.It is a little out of the city but the hotel run a free bus into the city. We also found that the taxis's were reasonable. We were charged 70 durims from the city to the hotel.We will go back to Dubai and will stay at the hotel again, without a doubt.	
Sep 25 2009 	CLOSE TO PERFECTION	Stayed at the Palm Tree Court in July 2008 and could not fail to be impressed py the beautiful surroundings.Around 45 minutes drive from the centre of Dubai the Hotel is split into two residencies Jebil Ali Hotel and The Palm Tree Court and Spa , the latter being the slightly more upmarket side to the hotel.Upon arrival we were checked in without any problems and shown to our Junior Suite which was furnished to a very high standard . Bathroom especially nice with lovely walk in shower and all marble surroundings. Food in the hotel was as good as any hotel I have ever stayed in , we were booked in on half board and had absolutely no complaints with breakfast or evening meals and the service was of an exceptional standard.Staff in the hotel go out of their way to ensure all your needs are satisfied , with everyone smiling and being so gracious wherever you were . The beach was wonderful with a very relaxing atmosphere and comfortable sunbeds dotted around the resort and the staff brought round fruit and cocktails as complimentary on a regular basis.Entertainment in the bars was very relaxing which varied between Jazz and more modern groups depending which of the bars you were in. A shuttle bus was layed on each day to take you into the city to the various malls free of charge. All in all it is an exceptional place to stay and you won't be dissappointed with the hotel, staff or the facilities , we certainly hope to be back in the future as it is very good value for money .	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Out of Town Hotel	We originally booked into Jebel Ali but were upgraded on arrival to a Junior Suite in Palm Tree Court, the hotel next door. Both the Hotel and the room were far superior to Jebel Ali which was to be closed for renovation the week after we left. Food was very good and great to people watch in the sports bar where the boaty people come in from the marina. The golf course is only 9 holes but very interesting/difficult. There are cold waters butts on every tee which was a necessity. Don't kid yourself playing early will help in the middle of summer, not a temperature I ever want to play golf in again. The pools were excellent and not too many children. We went on the sand dune safari which was good fun, but the meal in the camp afterwards went on a bit. Its a bit of a drive fron the airport but worth it when you get there.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic Hotel  Excellent Service What more could you want !!	This was our 4th holiday in Dubai and our 2nd to the Palm Tree Court .From the moment you arrive you are looked after. We booked with the free upgrade to Inclusive yours, well al I can say was it was fab.The Breakfast buffet had plenty of choice, lunch again was a buffet or you could eat atthe beach bar and choose off the menu. Evening meal was again buffet, but if you wanted to eat at the other restaurants you were given an allowance. Soft drinks + Ice Cream were included all day and wine,beer and even mangers cider was included with your evening meal.The service at the hotel is fantastic , and yes the staff are around while your eating but they are certainly not in the way, remember this is a 5 star hotel and they are giving a 5 star service.Dubai can be very expensive , but again remember you are staying in a 5 star hotel and if you were staying in a 5 star hotel in London it is going to cost you.!!!!!! On our last visit to the hotel we asked for our mini bar to be emptyed and we filled it with cans from the supermarket, much cheaper at about a £1 for 6 cans.The hotel is about 40 mins from the airport depending on traffic, taxis are very cheap and the hotel offers a free bus to two shopping malls , the atlantis water park and the gold and diamond park.Watersports are available on the beach and are not badly priced, we hired a speedboat for 5 of us and a driver and it cost about £55 for an hour and a half , we were taken up to the Dubai marina , we could see the Atlantis and the Burj al arab. To sum the hotel up I would say if you are looking for a relaxing holiday with excellent service, brilliant food , lovely location and peacefull surroundings then book this place we will be back for a third time !!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Lovely but expensive.	Stayed here for the last two weeks in August. We had originally booked for the Jebel Ali Hotel but it was being renovated; so we received an upgrade to the Palm Courts. The rooms were lovely and spacious and there is a lot of choice at breakfast. Overall, the food was faultless. There is a themed night every night in the La Fontana restaurant, were you pay a set price and can enjoy a variety of buffet style foods. (we experienced the Mexican night). There was however two major problems. The price of everything is majorly inflated. I'm aware it is a 5 star hotel and therefore will be more expensive than most, but i don't think this should extend to things like cans of coke or bar meals like burger and chips. It was impossible to get a bar meal for 2 adults and a chil for less than £30. One day we were particularly shocked when we ordered pineapple juices instead of our usually apple. It is 75 dirhams for 3 pineapple juices. that is around £12.50 and one can of coke is 12 dirhams (£2). If you do bring your own alcohol from duty free it is not going to save that much when you have to buy cans of coke at that price. We got wise on the 3rd day and started to spend some time at the Ibn Butttana Mall. They have a food court with a variety of different foods for a third of the price, there is also a large supermarket were bottles of coke are 4 dirhams (65p). Another fault would be the service. While they are very attentive and oviously trying to be pleasing, they are constantly interrupting your meal by pouring you more water from the bottle, taking plates away before everyone has finished and asking you if everything is ok. They are a constant presence in your meal. Although, perhaps in their defence because the Hotel was shut they were probably missing about two thirds of their usual custom. Room service was also annoying. We has a family don't really like being pestered or made to feel like we have to be out of our rooms for them to clean, so occasionally we would indicate that we didn't want room service. To us, this means clean it tomorrow. To them this meant keep going back and call on the telephone to see if they can clean the room. I eventually had a word with the receptionist after returning from a visit to the mall (where we left at 8pm and returned at 10pm) to find that they had been in to clean it. (we had took the no room service sign off thinking it was safe to do so). On a more positive note the staff themselves are very friendly and polite and everyone from the pool boy to the grounds people to the managers say hello to you. The grounds themselves are gorgeous and once you get used to the peacocks they are lovely too.	
Aug 23 2009 	Palm Tree Court - Almost as good as the reviews	We've just come back from a 2 week stay. We had booked half board so got an automatic upgrade to &quot;All Yours Inclusive&quot; for free - basically free breakfast/lunch/dinner, soft drinks all day, ice cream for kids all day, then free draught/bottled beer (Magners/ Kronenbourg/ Amstel / Guinness/Kilkenny/ Heineken to name a few - differs at each bar/restaurant) and wine (from a reasonable selection) between 6pm and 10pm (staff happy to point out you could order as much as you wanted to to stock up before cut off if you really wanted too- although a hangover in that heat not recommended!).It took about 40 mins to get from the Airport to the hotel which wasn't too bad . We wanted a beach holiday, if we wanted the sights we would probably stay closer next time, but IBN Battuta Mall was only 20 mins by courtesy coach and another 15 mins for Mall of Emirates.The main hotel with its 3 restaurants and a bar is closed until January but all the pools and leisure facilities remain open. All those that booked into Jebel were moved across to PTC, so although breakfast was a bit busy at times, never once did it feel over crowded, in fact quite the opposite, the number of spare sunbeds around the pools and beach and grounds was amazing.For lunch you could eat in Fontana/Sports Cafe/Captains Bar and have anything off the menu. For the evenings most people seemed to eat in the Fontana buffet restaurant which had a different themed night each night. Food was generally ok there but as you got AED160 allowance per person for evening meals to eat elsewhere, we tended to eat in the Sports Cafe and Shooters which were far better, quieter and looked more upmarket as the Fontana had a &quot;big cafe feel&quot;. A bit of a trek to each of these but there are free golf buggy rides available to the Cafe and a shuttle bus across to Shooters every 30 mins (5 min journey). You still have to sign for meals even if on AYI - a Service charge of 10% is automaticllay included so tipping not generally expected but we did leave extra where really good and left money for room, kids club staff and caddies. AYI seemed to be very good value as on one meal alone for the 4 of us including one bottle of wine and a few beers it came to £150 PTC rooms are very spacious. We had a double double (so about 8ft wide), our eldest daughter a double sofa bed and youngest daughter a single bed (both up permanently), and still plenty of room. Staff are fantastic, always smiling, always willing to help and very good with the kids.We have an 8 yr old and 10yr old, both loved the kids club and decided to eat down there most nights whilst watching a film, we had to drag them away so we could get to spend some time with them ! (Rest of the day they lived in the Pool, surprised they haven't grown gills!!) The Peaco club appeared under used as on a number of times there would be just our kids there and 4 staff so they were well and truly spoilt for attentionSome good activities available for all - eldest went horse riding (1 hr for AED200) . This was a 121 trek around the desert area, thoroughly enjoyed. Banana boat rides were free, Scuba club just launched so we all got to have a go for free, Shooting Club (Pistol shooting (AED 95 for 25 rounds) - scary but good fun, nothing like as easy as it looks on tv ! There's a small gym, badminton, tennis, table tennis, air hockey, table football, squash. 9 hole golf for those keen in that heat. Spa facilities available too.Due to youngest getting travel sick, excursions off site were curtailed. I had a half day trip to see a bit of the city, creek, souks, museums which only cost AED135 ie less than a one way taxi fare, a bargain with Arabian Adventures arranged in reception. Also had trip to Mall for supermarket stocks (Geant at Battuta and Carrefour at MoE)Gold souk was scary - went to look for some ear rings for the wife, misread label to find out first starting price was AED24,000 ie £4000 !! One way to get the price down is to look stunned say you want something far cheaper ( I really do love my wife but £4k... !) and then cheaper still....the price eventually came down to £1250, so whilst I was pleased with my bartering skills decided to refer back to the other half first ! (Wife confirmed she would never have worn them at that price in case she lost one).Heat - there's a lot of it. I hadn't truly realised how hot it would be. Within minutes of going out of the rooms we were pretty much drenched in sweat, so drank lots and lots and lots of water. To be honest I spent 90% of my time in the shade but the wife and kids ( bottles of Factor 50) loved it.Overall - Would we go back - YES!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Fulfilled all expectations	Having visited the resort a couple of times before for the day with friends we had some idea of what we could expect. However, we were more than satisfied with the level of service we received. The suite at PTC was more than spacious, the only down side being that block 6 was the furthest away from the main part of PTC. This was overcome by the use of the willingness of the concierge service to provide a buggy service to and from the Club Joumana whenever requested and it was never more than a ten minute wait. This proved to be one of the main attractions for our 5 year old son. The welcome at the Club was tremendous and came as a welcome departure to the buffet style of the Fontana on occasions, negating the occasional wait to be seated for meals and when trying to appease fussy eating habits of youngsters. Thanks to Mr V. George and his team!Overall a highly recommended location. Yes, the distance out of the real Dubai is a bit of a drag with the courtesy bus only going as far as Mall of the Emirates, but the advent of the metro system will more than compensate when a foray into the Souks is on the cards (and recommended for the true bargains). The price of a beer is steep but can be softened by the happy hours at the Captain's Bar and the sports club - and picking up duty free as you collect your luggage at the airport as suggested by others.Our son wants to go back, I hope we can save up enough in the next couple of years to do it again.	
Aug 2 2009 	best holiday ever	the palm tree was perfect.no faults at all service and people very friendly.rooms lovely an clean.fresh fruit every day.cleaned your rooms twice a day.turned down your bed gave you bottled water every night.seaview room.burj al arab for tea it was lovely would recommend it.great service, views, lovely food.great experencemust have a booking to get passed the barrier.	
Jul 29 2009 	Really Enjoyed It Here	We first stayed at the PTC in 2003 and decided to return again after having tried quite a few other hotels in Dubai. The hotel has not changed much since our last visit and the rooms are still excellent and it was nice to have a room it's size.The PTC is quite busy as the JA Golf resort is closed for refurbishment and all their guests are being given rooms at PTC. We arrived at check in around 12 noon and it was fast and efficient with cold drink supplied Our room number 476 was on the ground floor and as such we had a wonderful patio area and the sun loungers are still great and very thick, these are removed and stowed away each night and returned again in the morning The room also had a welcome fruit pack and a bottle of wine, fruit. Breakfast in the buffet restaurant was good with no queus to speak of but if you arrived around 09.00 it was a bit busier then. It was a different matter at night when it did get quite hectic but we never had to wait any more than 5 minutes to be seated, again this is dute to the Golf resrt being shut. The hotel I believe should have a more stricter dress policy at night in the buffet restaurant as it seemed to be anything goes ( even saw some with vest tops and beach shorts). The buffet itself had an excellent choice and each night was a different theme, ranging from Asian Indian Italian etc. The other restaurants were a lot more stricter and did enforce their policy of smart casuual attire, Shooters once again provided us with an excellent meal.6 of us went over for a round of clay and pistol shooting and a meal afterwards. An allowance of 160 dirhams pp is given to anyone not eating their meal at the buffet and this brings the cost of the meals down.The poolside was quite busy but the grassed area and the beach was almost deserted,we later discovered that the Golf resort pool and grounds were still open and sunbeds were more than plentiful in this area.The rooms were well serviced by the staff and on the evening turn down (around 7pm) the ice bucket was filled as well.The new monorail is being built at present as is an extension to the hotel but there was NO noise coming from any of it, in fact the peacocks were noiser. The price of beer is on par with most other hotels in Dubai.The only fault with it is the location as it is very far out but the shuttle bus helps solve that problem and really if anyone does complain about how far out it is then they should do their homework first.On or last day we did have a bit of a glitch, we wer getting picked up at 06.45 and went for breakfast at 06.00 as per hotels advertised opening time. The breakfast food was all out and ready except that the omelette chef decided he did not start till 06.30 I wonder who boiled the eggs and made all the other food then but I would not let this put me off in any way.To sum up I would go back tomorrow, loved the rooms, enjoyed the quitness and even more the ample area of the grounds and in fact this hotel does give excellent value for money.For anyone going here a tip might be to fly with Etihad to Abu Dhabi as it could work out cheaper and is maybe slightly nearer than it is to Dubai.	
Jul 21 2009 	Mega!!	Whatever I write as part of this review will not go anyway to convey just how fantastic our holiday at Palm Tree Court was. However, I shall try and segment the elements which when brought together added up to the best holiday experience we have ever had :Service - What a team, how friendly, from the concierge, the reception team, the waiting staff, chefs, life guards, beach staff - even the managers!! A special word for the house boys- you guy's are stars!Food - steaks, prawns, currys, pasta, salads - prepare to be seriously impressed!Comfort - huge rooms, loads of space, great bathroomsBeach and Pool - space space space, comfort, immaculate pools/beach/gardensAqua hut - a little more sedate... sailing was never ready for us, but I didnt care. A Hobie cat, a steady breeze, 32oC water.. all is well inthe world!Gardens - prepare to be impressed, very impressed - Peacocks everywhere, complete with chicks.....The Negative? - 36 UED for a pint!!Perhaps one other weakness is that I want to book for 2010 now - but can't seem to find a way of doing it!!	
Jul 18 2009 	Absolutely perfect	To rate something perfect is to perhaps be gushing sentimental and still caught up in the memories of a great holiday. Not the case. We have stayed here twice now, since our previous favorite - Oasis Bach Hotel - was demolished. I can think long and hard and find only one or two minor things to chip this hotel on. An Ice machine in each block of rooms would be great, as you must rely on ice arriving in your room (which it does), but at maybe the wrong time. Er, thats it. The location is miles from anywhere, but to me thats its advantage. You arrive here, and don't need to go anywhere else. The Palm Tree Court is part of the Jebel Ali Hotel adjoining, and you can share the facilities. The restaurants are tremendous with frist class food, even on the buffets. You can see the thought and expertise thats gone into the grub, with a massive variety. The rooms are VERY big, with lovely bathrooms comprising seperate shower, two basins, bidet, even a complimentary yellow duck to float in the bath! The grounds are beautifully kept with fish feeding in streams, wooden bridges and peacocks roaming freely. There is loads of space to sunbathe, by the pool, on a huge grass area towards the sea, or on the beach itself. The staff bar none are terrific and cannot do enough to help. This is a well run place and you can tell. We paid €1000 for four nights with Orbitz half board. REAL half board not benidorm half board, so per night in Sterling it was £160 per couple. Thats real value considering the place and the fact it is one of the 'Leading Hotels Of The World'. I would stay here time and time again, try to get a front row room, sea facing for a bit extra. Little tip. Alcohol is EXPENSIVE. You can run up easy £100 a day just having a couple of beers through the day. A pint IS £6.00 / $10 US. Stick a couple of bottle of wine in you suitcase and buy a bottle of Vodka from Arrivals Duty Free. Bingo. Drinks in your room before dinner for a fraction of what room service would charge. The alcohol thing is not the hotels fault of course, its expensive anywhere in the Gulf (when you can get it). Stay here unreservedly, if you don't like it you are just a habitual moaner or from another universe. Love it, Love it, Love it!	
Jul 17 2009	Wonderful beachfront setting	This is a part of the Jebel Ali Hotel resort. A wonderful beachfront setting, very slightly marred by distant construction work on The Palm Jebel Ali.We checked in mid-afternoon on 06 July 2009 for one night, and upgraded to a Royal Jasmine Junior Suite for AED 300 (about USD 80), a no-brainer considering the benefits, which included free internet, complimentary bottle of wine, breakfast, private lounge, mineral bath or massage, plus numerous upgraded room facilities.I had phoned the day previously to confirm our requirement for a twin bedded room and was assured that this was guaranteed. Once in our room we discovered a king bed, but housekeeping quickly converted this to two singles; the one drawback was that the double duvet was replaced by blankets and sheets, much to our dislike. The room was spacious, well equipped and opened onto a private veranda with direct beach access. We spent the remainder of the afternoon at the nearest pool, a short walk away. The pool design was attractive, but to our dislike there was no shower under which to rinse before entering the pool.We dined that evening at Shooter’s, located about 4km away at the Jebel Ali International Shooting Club. The resort has a complimentary shuttle running every 30 minutes. The steaks were excellent, but the ambience is somewhat lacking, and the service was overly attentive and too chatty.For breakfast we took room service – promptly delivered and of very acceptable quality. Check-out was efficient. It was really a pity to stay for only one night; it was just not possible to get more than a taste of what this resort has to offer.	
Jul 16 2009 	10/10 for location quality and service	We booked through BestatTravel for our second visit to Jebel Ali having holidayed there in Nov' 2008 with friends. We decided to fly with Etihad from Manchester to Abu Dhabi rather than use Emirates - we saved some money this way and the flight times were more convenient for us. The transfer time is actually only 5 minutes longer than from Dubai too. A week before our holiday we were advised that the main hotel would be closed due to refurbishment so we were to be placed at the adjoining Palm Tree Court at no extra charge. The location of our room on the 2nd floor was great, spacious and had a sea view. The Jebel Ali Palm is still under construction but we experienced no noise from the building works either during the night or day. We booked some months prior to departure and got a great offer of Full Board for B&amp;B. Although a couple of the restaurants were closed, we tried all the restaurants and enjoyed White Orchid (Thai/Chinese) Fontana, the buffet restaurant and Shooters over at the shooting range. The food was excellent and the service is superb on all counts. The exchange rate meant drinks were more costly than last time we visited, around 36 dirhams for a beer which is around £7.50 and cocktails were around the same price. Here's a tip, buy duty free at Abu Dhabi or Dubai when you land. A courtesy bus runs 3 tor 3 times a day from the hotel into Dubai stopping off at Ibn Battuta Mall, Mall of Emirates and the Gold Souk. There's also a courtesy bus every half hour across to the shooting range which is a must to visit, even if just for a drink. Take a walk down to the Marina for a look at some fantastic boats or to the golf course to walk off the buffet lunch. Apparently Al Boom are to open a dive school at the hotel marina as they've found some good wrecks to dive - it's opening on 1st August. The water sports centre on the beach offers canoes, windurfers and pedelloes but it was far too hot to do anything so strenuous - the sand is red hot and the water is hotter than you'd have your bath water! Up to around 44 degrees on some days, we were glad of some cloud and hazy conditions but the pool guys made sure we had plenty of shade and cool towels throughout the day - they even come round and clean your sun glasses! Can also recommend the open top bus tour around Dubai which costs around £40 per person but allows you to hop and off all day long. There's also a night tour which is pretty spectacular. All in all, this was a fabulous return trip for us to Jebel Ali and I'm sure we'll be back, if only to have a mojito with Robin and Anish who work at the pool bar - great lads. By the way, the grounds are home to some beautiful peacocks but they can be quite noisy early in the mornings!	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic Place - Fantastic People - Travco - USELESS!!!	This was my first visit to Jebel Ali and my partner's second. The staff could not do enough for us. We were upgraded from half-board to full board with a room upgrade. They left champagne and flowers in our room on my birthday. Everyone could not do enough to make our stay any better. We did not want to leave and cannot wait to return. The only negative side was our rep from Travco! Do not use these as the rep was always late, said not to book a trip through them as more expensive, this was incorrect and cost us more. The driver that took us to the Burj Al Arab was half hour late and didn't speak once. Would never use again as they are useless. All in all, cannot wait to return as this place is made extra special by the special people that work there - Thank you Jebel Ali	
Jul 6 2009 	Not bad	This was my 2nd trip to the Palm Tree, still a 1st class resort but I noticed that some areas were getting a little dated, the construction had really increased across the water which is and will eventually spoil the lovely beach view. The weather was awful so that didn't help matters. Food wonderful, rooms still very large although getting a little dated, staff very professional and helpful. Sun beds really in bad shape although once they are covered in towels you can't tell.There really isn't a lot to do in Dubai unless you like shopping so this resort is good for simply relaxing and sun bathing unless of course the weather is bad and then there is isn't anything to do. Might not be quite the 5* it once was but still a good 4*. We went all inclusive which I would strongly recommend as it can be quiet expensive.I would probably return to this hotel but not for a number of years.	
Jun 23 2009 	Palm tree spa	I got an wonderfull massage and became mad with the tenderness of the boys doing it.If you ever have the chance, don't miss it.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent as always	This is the third time we have stayed at Jebel Ali Resort, the first being ten years ago when we stayed at the Jebel Ali Hotel, we then stayed at the Palm Tree Court last August and last month. Although the resort is a little further away from the main attractions the hotel and facilites more than make up for this. If you're just looking for a relaxing holiday on the beach in a great hotel then this is for you. The staff are always very friendly and obliging, nothing is too much. The restaurants are fantastic also, there are two buffet restaurants ideal for families with children, an amazing Chinese/Thai restaurant and also a steakhouse and Italian.The suites are of a generous size with large bathrooms with walk in shower. The pool/beach area and hotel grounds are all kept immaculate and we would not hesitate to come back yet again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Superb attention to detail	We booked a last minute 2 night stay for our family, consisting of a 2 1/2 year old and a 16 year old. We chose 2 seafacing Junior Suites on BB.On arrival our bags were taken from the car and suitably stacked ready for a golf cart to take us to our room when we had checked in. The car park was small and very busy but valet parking is available. The reception area is light and spacious and checking in was a breeze as we all remained seated and were served fruit juices and cold towels which was welcome. We both had to produce ID to check in (I think Dubai is being cautious regarding its laws). We were then all taken on a quick ride to our room, passing the many peacocks along the way. My only criticism was that we were given a top floor room, which with a little one wasn't really suitable and I would suggest anyone who stays here with little ones stresses a ground or first floor room when booking as the stairs are steep and slippery. We did ask to move but nothing was available for our stay.Apart from that, the rooms are large and comfortable. The main bed was huge, I think it divides to twin beds, and the sofa bed was excellent. The bathroom was spacious and had a bath and shower room and had all the right toiletries. The balcony had a table and two chairs with great views of the Palm Jebel Ali which is under construction, and beach towels were in the room. Tea/coffee facilities were also available along with a range of glassware. We also were treated to chocolate dates, fruit bowl and a bottle of wine (they gave us Red but we changed it to white) in our rooms. It wasn't part of the package but possibly an apology for our complaint.Anyway, the resort is excellent. Friendly staff, clean beaches, good facilities, a range of restaurants and bars. The buffet style breakfast was excellent and pork products were available as well as everything else you could desire at breakfast. The pools and beaches have lifeguards, and I would suggest anyone who stays tries the watersport facilities. My husband use to sail and was given a quick refresher before he took out a small boat into the bay. The seaplanes are also worth booking if you would like to have an aerial view of Dubai, great as a treat. There is a childrens club for older children as well. Sunbeds are plentiful and so are umbrellas. The man dishing out ice cold face towels around the pool was very welcome during the day! We tried the beach restaurant nearest to Palm Tree Court (can't remember the name) and the service was slow. However, I could highly recommend 'Shooters restaurant' at the firing range. A mini bus is provided for guests who make reservations and the pick up for this is at the main hotel (Jebel Ali resort). Food and service were excellent. The menu I thought was limited but the standard and portions were faultless. Alcohol was the only pricey thing. A pint of beer was 35 dhs. Bottled beer was a little bit cheaper but not much.Overall an excellent experience and would highly recommend the hotel. Dont be put off by the construction around you as we couldn't hear anything, just could see vehichles in the distance if we looked out at the bay. Central Dubai is just 15 mins away by car so you don't feel isolated either, and easy to get to.	
Apr 13 2009 	If you have children under 5 then this is a parents paradise	We have just returned from this hotel after having been recommended. It lived up to it's expectations and more. Having stayed at several 5 star hotels around the world this was a truly great experience. The helpful ready to please attitude starts the moment you enter the complex. True service with a smile. The food in every restaurant was fab, but Their &quot;Signatures&quot; restaurant which is the most expensive and doesn't allow children under 12 is not worth the money. Slow service and small portions really let it down. So don't bother you can dine at the &quot;White orchid&quot; and have a sumptuous meal or the &quot;lA tRIVIATTA&quot; Where children are welcomed and the anti pasti is a must.The rooms are large and cleaned to a very high standard.The beach is as tropical as you can get in dubai, with Palm Trees and very shallow water due to the Palm so young children are safe and the life guards are constantly patrolling.As for the Peaco kids club, it meant that we could have time at the pool without the children and a candlelit dinner for two relaxed in the knowledge that they are well looked after, safe and entertained. The staff knew the children very well and what's more it is free!All in all you can have a vacation where you can have a taste of what holidays were before kids. Relaxing!Kate, Essex	
Mar 12 2009 	Oh dear....... I thought........................ but......	........ !st impressions are not always spot on.We needed to get away from the weather in UK for a week to recharge batteries running on empty. We normally go &quot;west&quot; to carribean, but could not find a flight for under £600. I spotted a flight from our local airport for £262 , so researched Dubai as an alternative, using tripadvisor of course. Choose this Hotel based on reviews + percieved value, and am so glad that we did!Had a bit of a glitch when trying to e-mail before our late arrival, but once that was sorted,plain sailing from there on. From arranging transfers to our friendly reception at the hotel, perfect.Now, I had of course read about the dreaded building noise, and on waking I opened the french doors of our room and I could hear the distant rumble, and my heart sank..........but then I realised that I could hear far more clearly the birdsong,and water noises from the babbling brooks, See the wonderful laid out gardens and lovely beach.I can honestly say that I had no issue with the constuction works at all.Now as for the facility, we were upgraded , twice, without asking. If you want a quiet resort away from the hustle and bustle of downtown, this is what you get. Rooms,suites, perfect, bathrooms are glorious, setiing idylic. But saying that, What makes a five star hotel ,special?I believe from talking to others that there are indeed much more luxurious hotels in Dubai.The &quot;5 star&quot; for me on this trip was the attitude of the many staff. I am an hotelier by profession. The people that served me and my family were very, very good. They were happy in their work, and this manifested itself with uncontrived &quot;joy&quot; in their demeanour. Sounds daft, but this was the biggest difference for us on this trip.Must also mention the &quot;white Orchid&quot;. Superb! Tapenyaki a must, arrigato Chef, you were great! A bonus for the girls in my family, a certain Premiership club from the midlands who play in claret 'n' blue were in residence too! Never seen eyes so wide open!Enjoy!	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Xmas 2008!	Wonderful Xmas and New Year here. Lovely location. Excellent accommodation and service.Great choice of restaurants and bars etc.Perfect if you want golf 'on site'We will be back!	
Jan 11 2009 	Wicked Resort!!	What can I say, this resort is amazing!! My cousin (20) and myself (24) stayed at this hotel in a garden junior suite in October. We couldnt believe that anyone could have a bad word to say about the place, it is immaculate. The rooms are huge and beautiful not at all drab or dated, the bathroom pure luxury with walk in shower, huge bath tub and his and hers sinks. But who cares about the rooms when you have 40 degree sunshine massive white sandy beach and three lovely pools to choose from, and never a struggle to find a sun bed!! Loved all the restaurants especially the Clippers Bar? on the beach! Superb food and reasonable prices for a hotel! The Staff cant do enough for you, pure bliss!Dont worry about construction going on across the water as you cant hear it or if you can it might be a slight rumble noise in the distance, very minimal!! Very peaceful resort.Taxis are so cheap and very easy to get hold of. Most things to visit are about a 20-30 min drive away.We love it that much, we have booked to go again this month!! Cant wait!	
Jan 11 2009	Building work all round	As with other reviews the hotel is great, but the building work round the hotel is a real turn off. From the front of our sea view room there are building into the sea, what looks like a raised dual carriage way. When it’s finished the traffic noise will be bad. To the left they are building more rooms and flatsDuring our stay over Christmas the work continued 24 hours a day. Its not pleasant sitting on your balcony or outside to hear beep, beep, beep of the reversing horns of the digger spewing diesel fumes. That’s if they are not playing the radio at full volume.Our travel company “if only” sent a letter about one month before we went ( no time to change our plans) advising of building work, but only gave half the story. They did not tell us of the work in front of the hotel. They said the work would be reduced over Christmas, but it was never ending.It a pity as the hotel is wonderful, but now spoiled by new buildings.	
Jan 5 2009	Great stay	Fantastic service from the moment we arrived to the day we left. Very friendly staff who cannot do enough for you - a real &quot;can do&quot; attitude prevails throughout the resort. The setting is great - close enough to reach the attractions of Dubai yet far enough away to make you feel you are away from it all. Cannot recomend it highly enough.	
Jan 5 2009 	Lush 	Dubai is developing at a breath taking and exciting pace. The City Scape is like a sceen from a 2009 remake of 'Blade Runner'. The single goal seems to be who can develop the tallest and most luxurious hotel block......it can all be a bit overwhelming !Just 15 mins away from all this ongoing development is the Lush &amp; Peacful Oasis that is The Jebel Ali resort. Think acres and acres of beach front filled with trees, streams, lawns, a marina, and a golf course all perfectly maincured. You could be in Mauritius......and they even have their own fleet of seaplanes!Put a 5* hotel in the middle of all this, which is obviously run by people that know what 5* service means and you have the perfect combination.........an Oasis on the edge of one of the World's most exciting cities.Highlights of our stay.......having what we caught on a half-day fishing trip cooked for our dinner, the Golf Course, the absolutley amazing New Years Party.......snoozing on the lawns with no building noise !	
Dec 4 2008 	Beautiful Resort Hotel away from the City	We had a 3 night 'mini-break' in the Palm Tree Court Hotel in late November.The whole experience was very positive. Lovely room, friendly service, well manicured grounds and beautiful swimming pools and spa.Whilst the PTC is quite away from the City (20 minute cab drive) and built within its own Resort, the beach does over look a fairly expansive building site some half mile across the sea and to be honest it is pretty noisy and it doesnt make for a particularly attractive view. However I would say that if you want a peaceful, get away from it all beach holiday, Dubai would not be the obvious place to go for that anyway (where ever you stayed).	
Nov 2 2008 	Great family holiday	We spent a very relaxed week at the Palm Tree Court with our 2 children. The rooms are very spacious, the service extremely good and the grounds are very attractive, with fish filled streams between the buildings and extensive grass lawns in front of the beach. One of the highlights for the children was watching a film one evening on blow up beds in the pool (9 lifeguards for 20 children). The camel that gave rides had someone to make sure no messes were left behind. The construction of the palm offshore did not detract from the holiday. There are a variety of restaurants in the Jebel Ali and Palm Tree Court, the Sports Cafe is better for a drink, The Shooters Club is worth taking the minibus to for a good steak. The great weather, the private beach and the large site mean there is no need to leave the hotel and the whole family can enjoy a relaxed holiday.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great chilled out week	We stayed in a suite on half board during Ramadan for 5 nights. Guests of the Jebel Ali and Palm Tree Court can use the same facilities (not sure about the buffet restaurant though). We found the beach and garden area directly beside the Palm Court to be much quieter as you're not as close to the pools. We prefer the sea to the swimming pools anyway. Beach is lovely and clean and is huge, sand is raked every morning and sand is very soft with only a few shells.The hotel is directly overlooking the Palm and you do see trucks and general activity on the Palm but there is very little noise and you won't be disturbed at all.Our room was very spacious, the bed must have been 7 foot wide and the bathroom was lovely with the walk-in shower, elemis toiletries and wonderful bathrobes. Mini bar prices are comparable to the bars and are high - I would definitely make a stop at duty free on landing. We tried the buffet restaurants at both hotels and they were absolutely fine. We also ate at the Sports cafe and the prices there are quite reasonable and your half board credit easily covers the price of a meal there.Having stayed at the Mina a Salam at the Madinat numerous times I would suggest this hotel is more of a 5 star than the Palm Tree Court. While the grounds and gardens are immaculate, the sports facilities such as the gym and changing rooms looked a bit tired and really need upgrading. The golf course is lovely and rates were quite reasonable. The grounds are beautiful and romantic at night but they are a little dark and I would have preferred a bit more light. All in all I would definitely go back if I got another good deal but I wouldn't pay the same for this hotel than some of the other hotels directly on the main Jumeirah stretch such as the Mina a Salam and the Mina Seyahi . If you go expecting a little less than e.g. Mina a Salam in terms of ambience and luxury then you'll be more than happy with your holiday.	
Sep 7 2008 	Feeling Hot in Dubai	We stayed here for eight nights. The room was clean and spacious and the bathroom was large. We were given small bottles of complimentary water per person each evening and sometimes also during the day. There were three pools to choose from and the pool attendants were extremely friendly. There were always lifeguards on duty by all of the pools and the beach and cold flannels were handed out by the poolside to cool you down. We stayed on a half board basis and found the food and restaurant staff to be of a very good standard and once again very friendly. Our six year old went to the Peco club (kids club) and she really enjoyed it. Sometimes - due to us traveling in Summer - the kids club was empty and she had all of the ladies interacting with her. She also made friends with other children and would speak to them when we bumped into them around the resort. There are daily camel rides available (free) and Henna at an extra charge. There are lots of fishponds and waterfalls and both adults and children were feeding them and spotting the odd Terrapin. The grounds were well kept and the hotel was approximately forty minutes away from The Mall of the Emirates shopping mall. The hotel ran a free shuttle to this mall and other malls and Wild Wadi the water park. There were building works to be seen in the distance (across the sea) but you could hardly hear any noise. This hotel is ideal for people who wish to be away from the continual building works currently in Dubai.	
Sep 6 2008 	Dubai experience	if you are looking to recharge your batteries this is the place. The hotel is lovely the grounds are so pretty with little bridges over small streams teaming with fish that leap to the surface hoping you will feed them with the bread you have taken from breakfast. Our room was large and over looked the white beach and warm china blue sea. In the distance you could see the building work and hear the faint rumble of the lorriesthat work 24/7, but to be fair it didnt soil the holiday. We had two lovely meals at the White Orchid the rest was at the themed buffets at the La Fontana. We arrived on a Friday and by Monday I was suffering from an upset stomach and the rest which i tried to treat myself. This spoilt it for me as i couldnt enjoy the trips we had booked. We went on the Bateaux cruise, it was lovely the views and the food but i couldnt eat a thing, i wish they had given us a comentary as we went down the creek, you are given a map with the sites to look for but it was very difficult to spot some of them. Well worth the trip if you are feel well. My husband played golf , he hired the clubs which were up to date calloways ? you get a buggy which you need just to help cool you down and they come round half way with cold towels and water very welcome. The weather was lovely very hot 45 degrees and 32 at night you soon get use to it. Travelled with virgin but will think twice next time. Night time flights never good coming home technical fault which cant be helped however making us sit on the plane for three hour no air con and one small cup of water was no laughing matter and very abrupt staff with no patience, might try Emirates next time .Visited Mina al salam near the Burj al arab what a fantastic hotel might check that one out next time. Palm tree court was very nice really enjoyed it and would recommend it but watch what you eat.	
Aug 4 2008	Beautiful place and no noise!!	after reading about how much noise there was in Dubai, The Palm Tree Court at the Jebel Ali resort was recommended to us.It was beautiful, room was superb, lovely views and glad we were on the first floor, view is great looking over the gardens and beach.It was 45 degrees and the humidity was very high which is probably why it was very quiet, which suited us completely.The staff were very friendly,restuarants lovely with plenty of choice,Recommend the Bateuax Dubai evening dinner cruise which is 45 mins back into Dubai and then up the Dubai creek, superb evening lovely food and a real difference!The sea was hot, and i mean hot, very strange and the heat on the beach was incredible compared to being round the pool.You could see the building work going on across the sea, when the haze lifted,to Palm Tree island but the noise is no more than a gentle drone really that certainly couldn't taint your holiday whatsoever!! lovely drinks and fruit and freezing cold towels brought to you throughout the day, lovely! would go back and would definitely recommend it if you prefer to be out of the town.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Stay at Palm Tree Court	I recently stayed at Palm Tree Court with a friend. Our room was great, really big, sea view, lovely balcony, but could do with an update. Having visited 3 years ago the rooms do not seem to have been refurbished. We arrived at around 0900 and our room was ready for us straight away which was fab. The gardens are lovely, pools and beach spotlessly clean and the spa is well worth a visit. Every evening they took the horses from the stables into the sea to cool them down, a lovely sight to sit and watch whilst the sun is setting with a glass of wine! We only ate at the hotel once, in the White Orchid restaurant. The food was good but the restaurant lacked in atmosphere. Every other night we took a taxi to various restaurants and bars in and around Dubai. Taxi's are so cheap, so it is well worth going out and exploring what Dubai has to offer. Neither of us noticed the building work going on close to Palm Tree Court - it is very discrete, barely any noise at all. We would both return to Palm Tree Court as its locaton is great.	
Jun 25 2008 	*What a place*	Where do I start (first thing to mention was the lack of customer service from our travel agent in England and the incompetence of the agent 'Sir I have managed to get you 10 nights HB I went that extra mile for you' oh yeah you did!! an extra £60 and £1000 each in total , half way through our holiday we foud out we were charged for the half board - lucky I checked!!! anyway it was sorted in the end albeit after a bit of a tussle with the hotel and the agent!!.....Apart from that the holiday and the resort was brilliant, the service the room (junior suite) the staff, the beach was excellent with excellent service from the beach and pool attendance, wine was good to. I recommend this hotel to anyone, the choice of where to eat including lunch at the beach bars.....my partner and I are in our mid 20's and I recommend this to couples who like to perhaps remove themselves from the fast pace of the city hotels...we love to party but this holiday was all about relaxation and the Palm Tree court did offer that in massive way...!!!!!! Would def go back!	
Jun 15 2008 	Still a Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Jebel Ali Palm Tree Court from 9th June 2008 for 1 week, this was our 5th time.Ok the main hotel looks a bit tired, but the Palm Tree Court lives up to its reputation of offering quality rooms and a great location.We stayed in a Royal Jasmine Suite with butler service, which was not as it seems, these guys are on hand to book reservations for you, do all your running about for you if that is what you require but a fantastic set of people, they are pleasent , helpful, and there when you need them.The food was great and plentiful as much as you could eat, albeit another post stated they did not give you enough or quality that i found to be totally incorrect.The restaraunts and bars are good with good and friendly staff who cannot do enough.The Palm Tree Court is a great place to relax and enjoy being well looked after	
Jun 15 2008 	Holiday in a 24 Hour a Day Construction Zone	When we arrived our seafront room was not available so they offered us a free buffetstyle dinner as an apology and we stayed in one of the non seaside rooms. Can happen. The next night we moved into the seaside construction zone. Right across from the resort they are buildig the Jeleb Ali Palm island and it goes on all night long......all night long. You go to bed and wake up to the sounds of construction trucks sirens. Holiday bliss.....? The hotel's response was some people are not bothered by it and we mention it on our website. So if you don't mind construction noise all night long or the feeling that you are an idiot for not knowing that Dubai is under construction for the next 5 years then the Palm Tree Court is the place to be. Funny the next palce we stayed in Dubai was an oasis of luxury and lack of construction noise	
May 28 2008	A wonderful stay	This is a wonderful hotel. Compared to the main Jebel Ali Hotel the facilties and the rooms were well above par. The staff were first class and attentive and when I arrived and throughout my stay, I felt I was a superstar and if travelling from England I will always stay in this hotel.	
May 24 2008 	Amazing	As a teenager who went with her parents I have to say it was one of the most amazing experiences of my life (the whole 17 years of it).When we arrived we were met by pleasent staff who welcomed us all in a friendly manner and made us feel truly comfortable, we were offered a complementary fruit drink which was gorgeous! Originally we were booked in as bed and breakfast and to just share one room between us however as the hotel was not full at that time we were upgraded to half board and I was given a seperate room which was great for all of us.We were took to are rooms by a buggy and arrived to spotless rooms which had the biggest beds I have ever seen, lots of storage space and lovely bathrooms... essential for any girls beauty routine.We again recieved a complementary fruit bowl which was very pleasent. The first evening we went to the white orchid where the fruit was nice, however once we had been to the buffet the next night we continued to dine their as the quality was just as good and there was a different selection every night.There was a range of activites to take part in if staying on the resort especially watersports. All the staff were extremly engouraging even when I attempted water skiing and failed miserably they kept up with the humour and ended up giving me a free ride on the speed boat instead :)The staff were also helpful about all types of day trips avaliable to do and gave you plenty of information about them. We went to the wild wadi water park which was lots of fun, and a dinner cruise which was very posh! The shopping malls were close by and never have I seen a fair ground ride in a shopping centre before. I treated myself to a spa session on the last day and never having had a massage before and feeling quite embrassed it was lovely. The steam, sauna and jacuzzi room was very private, all the staff made you feel comfortable and relaxed and again was provided with a free drink and fruit salad type kebab. I would not recommend this resort for groups of young people looking to party simply because it wouldn't cater for you.People who don't like heat because it is boiling hot- which I loved.I would definitly recommend it to families, honeymoons, couple holidays, sophisticated young girl groups, and elderly. I hope this has helped if you are thinking of taking your teenagers with you.	
Apr 30 2008 	Perfect resort for all tastes!	What makes this hotel special is the attention to detail. From our arrival, we were invited to relax in the spacious reception lounge, greeted with a cool drink and checked in by a charming receptionist who then took us by buggy to our sutie.Suites are in small two storey units dotted around the fabulous gardens. This gives a feeling of space and privacy. We were fortunate enough to be on the upper floor with a view over the hotel’s perfectly manicured lawns to the beach.Palm Tree Court has every facility and amenity you could wish for and nothing is too much trouble from the always obliging staff. From booking restaurants, sightseeing trips, taxis, shopping and comprehensive business services. You want sports – it’s all here. Stables, marina, tennis, golf and even seaplanes. We were there only two days but it was obvious that the kids’ club is highly effective. Palm Tree court and its facilities forms part of a larger complex and successfully integrates with the Jebel Ali Hotel next door. The food and service at the varied themed bars and restaurants that traverse the 2 residences are all first class and offer exceptional quality and variety. From formal French to traditional Italian with steak bars and Asian cuisine, there is food to suit all tastes.You feel that you are in a little bit of peaceful heaven yet a 20 minute drive in the free shuttle bus and you are in the bustle of Dubai’s famous shopping malls.At the suggestion of the concierge we visited the Jumana Desert Spectacular Show and Bateau Dubai, a dinner cruise on Dubai Creek. Both these evening dinner excursions are not to be missed and represented fantastic value. The pool area and grassy lawns provided choice and space for sunbathers with attentive staff serving drinks and snacks all on hand. The beach was spotlessly clean and very well looked after. Finally, we must give praise to the Spa. Having stayed at many 5 star resorts around the world the wellbeing facility at the Palm Tree Court was by far the best we had experienced. Palm Tree Court goes the extra mile to provide a perfect resort for all tastes.	
Apr 15 2008 	Didnt leave for a week!	Having read the reviews and done research we decided to book a sea facing junior suite which, as the building work on the shoreline opposite is taking place, I wouldnt do again. The noise is minimal during the day but was louder at night although you dont' hear too much in your rooms. Don't let this put you off, it is minimal. Worth though asking for a ground floor room to walk straight out onto your sunbeds.Our room was immaculate and kept that way all week by the staff.The hotel, staff, food etc were great. Lots of smiling faces and it was brilliant one night to see the kids in little boats in the pool watching a film on the big screen. Popcorn was served . Fancy going back to school and telling the other kids! When can we have the adults version please.Fontana was great, lots of variety of foods, friendly and efficient staff. The belly dancing night is certainly worth going to and the Janapease Teppanyaki table was one of the best we have been to. We booked half board and felt this was well worth the price.We wanted to get out of Dubai centre and not feel the need to rush around shopping etc and for that reason this hotel fits the bill perfectly. We have been to Dubai many times before. Every day go to different areas of the beaches and pools and enjoy the whole experience. Huge chess set is in one of the gardens with table tennis and good water sports centre.	
Mar 30 2008 	Mixed feelings about this hotel	I don't understand how this hotel got the 5 * classification and is a member of the Leading Hotels of the World group.It's not that bad - please don't get me wrong and if we were offered a cheap 1 week rate we would happily stay there again.The problem is that compared to other 5 star hotels in Dubai and worldwide, it doesn't add up.The good things are many - rooms are spacious, large beds, good large bathrooms, lots of closet space. There is a wonderful big beach with lots of loungers and although plenty of guests - it was deserted and very peaceful.The hotel is a series of low rise buildings - 3 stories for accomodation. Great balconies and very quiet.Even the building set back from the sea (the cheaper ones) have good sun and look pleasent enough.We really enjoyed the feeling of peace and quiet.One small bit of bad news news is that the Jebel Ali palm is being built just off-shore and it spoils the atmosphere. We stayed at the Palm Tree because we wanted to get away from the noise and it's there as well.No worries on that score really as we half expected it. The hotel is new very overlooked and that spoils the big beach / quiet feeling.The other bad news is that the food is very poor, compared to other Dubai hotels. We've stayed at 3 others and this was the worst.The outside restaurant had unhelpful staff and poor quality food in an unpleasent atmosphere. The buffet had the same. At one buffett we had to keep asking the server for more food as he was only allowing small amounts for each guest. We weren't the only ones unhappy and heard complaints that night.The maitre-d and other staff were brilliant and I wonder if they have a problem with food supply/quality or are just unwilliing to provide quality food for guests.The Jasmine lounge is a bit of a joke. Very small. No atmosphere.To top things off I had a dispute with them over the final bill and it took an hour to sort out.I'm pretty sad about all of this. I wanted this to be a great hotel and it didn't measure up to others in Dubai.	
Feb 15 2008 	5 star service and quite resort outside of Dubai centre	We were extremely pleased with our week holiday in Dubai and the Palm Tree Court.We booked with Expedia and got a really good deal flying with Emirates, with transfers and getting upgrade to half board too.Our room was part sea view, but enough to get that beach feeling, and ground floor but plenty quiet enough (I was 27 wks pregnant at the time and found the resort perfect for me). The bed was massive! And it was nicely decorated with a spacious bathroom and bathrobes/slippers.The food was really good in ALL the restaurants - and the staff could not do enough to help. We especially liked the White Orchid.The free shuttle runs into the Jebel Ali side of town and from there it is cheap and easy to get a taxi. Even a taxi back from Jumeirah area in the day is only 70 dirham so around £10.There is a lot of building in Dubai itself, but it is an amazing place and they are doing so much there - you must go expecting that. The sea is also a bit cool for swimming in January! We have said that we would definitely go back as there is more to see and do - you could go as youngsters, with a family or as retired as it suits all.Dont go expecting to gamble though as this is illegal in UAE... also if you want to have a few pre dinner drinks suggest you buy in Duty free as is costly there.	
Jan 21 2008 	Pure Luxury	This has to be the best hotel I have stayed at in the world. From the moment of arrival we were greeted with a cool drink and were sat down in the reception area and waited shortly for a member of reception to check us in. We were then driven by golf buggy (these take you all around the resort) to our beautiful rooms. We travelled with our 2 small children who had an interconnecting suite next to ours. The rooms were spotless and the bathrooms out of this world with Elemis products too !The kids club at the hotel was the best kids club and the organised activities were great, my children loved the kids club and it was great for them to get some respite from the 38 degree sun. The childrens club even provided evening entertainment, which included pirate beach parties with food and drinks.Restaurants were all fantastic - we used them all, except the steak restaurant at the football academy, we never ventured that far.Pool area was always quiet even though it was half term, pool attendants were by you regularly to clean your shades or offer a cooling face spray or cold flannel and you do need them.The beach was stunning, very well looked after. You could hear noise from the Jebel Ali palm but it was very faint and in the distance.Staff were the most friendliest and happiest I have ever seen in a hotel.Its a great location being 20 mins drive from Dubai centre, its not in all the hum drum of the busy building works in Dubai, but still near enough to jump in a cab to go and do your shopping and sightseeing.Wild Wadi Water park a must as is Lunch at The Burj - must be booked well in advance.I loved this hotel and I loved Dubai. I have never been so hot in all my life.	
Dec 16 2007	Excellent hotel	Stayed at Palm Tree Court for 2 weeks, end November/beginning of December.We chose this hotel after doing a fair bit of research and taking on board comments from this website. Primarily we were after a hotel that had large rooms that could accomodate 2 adults and 2 kids and offered a kids club. We also wanted plenty of space around the pool and beach areas.The hotel is very clean, well serviced and attended by staff who pay close attention to detail. The standard of restaurants is very good. The main restaurant it La Fontana where breakfast is served and a buffet evening meal. The choice in both cases is excellent. We eat lunch at the beach bar, dinner in the Italian restaurant, at Shooters (steak house) and the Sports bar. In all cases the standard is very good, service excellent and reasonable value for money. We also ate in Signatures on my birthday, no kids allowed, but hired a babysitter from kids club that cost about £5 per hour. We also eat in the main restaurant on the 8th floor of the Jebel Ali, again this was a buffet but we thought the choice was poor and did not enjoy it.Alcohol is quite expensive - particularly wine - expect to pay about £25-30 for a bottle of Pinot that you would buy in a UK supermarket for about £6. Beer is about £4.50 a pint. We overcame this by buying a load of wine in Dubai duty free when we landed, which I think is a good tip. Our kids only went to kids club twice, as they were fed up that there were no other kids that spoke English.... only French and Russians there.....We hired a car and driver through the concierge that was charged at 80 dirhams an hour, all told it cost us about £90 for a full day. He waited wherever we went , we took in all the main sites and we found this option preferable to doing the open top bus with two kids. We also did the dessert dune bashing through Alpha Tours, booked through our Virgin rep and I have to say the driver was brillian. I was really nervous about the suitability for the kids (aged 5 and 7) but he was adamant it was safe. In actual fact they enjoyed it more than the adults and kept asking him to drive faster and make more bumps!All in all this was a brillian trip, would definately recommend this hotel and it certainly warrants the 5 stars. If anyone would like to email any questions please feel free	
Dec 7 2007 	Our of Dubai relaxation	Lovely place, good food reasonably priced. Staff at concierge are nice but useless. Good watersports, overall fair value for money.	
Oct 26 2007 	Loved this hotel...would def go back!!	Absolutely stunning hotel!! Had been to Dubai before but wanted to see jebel Ali area and so decided to stay in Jebel Ali this time. Was not disappointed although worried that when airport is built that it will spoil the ambiance of the hotel. Spa was amazing and breakfasts lovely!The pool was beautiful although crowded but we ventured onto the beach and took advantage of the views of the Palm.Vastly underrated hotel...am in the travel trade and would def recommend to my clients in future as it is quieter than a city hotel.	
Oct 4 2007 	one of the best	Hi to all Currently at the burj al arab after a wonderfull 11 days stay at the Palm court hotel jebel ali Arrived: 23/09/2007 9AM Left: 04/10/2007 1pm Room asked: Palm court Jasmine junior suite non smoking lower floor 2 adults and 1 child – 5 years old Arriving early and room was ready m during check in the lady offered us a room upgrade to a full suite Price 500dirham per night - we accepted as so our son could have his own room Rooms: perfect as asked – full front see viewOwn lawn with two tables 6 seats and 4 long wooden sofas 20m of lawn to cross and directly at the beach Both rooms had 32+inches lcd and DVD players choices of channels seemed good but we used our own iPod to connect to the AV Quality of the signal from the cable channels was perfect and no noise to be seen on screen .Each room had his own minibar Complimentary choices of teas and coffees’ plus three bottles of water a day Air co silent if not at full power – not needed it more than a few minutes at this speed before turning the rooms into a xxl fridge, could even turn them both out at night with 30+CGood sound proof Nice feature: bed head Do not disturb button – no more paper flowing away Both bathrooms : well sized pretty nice elemis products restocked every days and even sometimes twice a dayPools : nice and safe as always two lifeguard on duty , all clean Restaurant : La Fontana: superb buffet fresh and changing every days a little bit noise when full, never had to complain about something.The shooters restaurant: food very good but service is under standard, friendly but not easy to understand us , and I don t think my English is so bad at all only tried it once The white orchid : WOW incredible, you can eat both the regular restaurant or at the tepaniaki one – need to book at least one day in advance , it s where the Chef mister Ajiro cook in front of you and prepare your dishes like a true Samurai The Signatures – Ok nice friendly good food but not to a signature restaurant, but soft prices to Tried the Anchor bar in front of the beach , fresh and nice salads, oriental and grilled food all very well served perfectly cooked , Didn’t tried other restaurant Hotel staff :ALL were above the standard in friendly approach and behaviour, none were expecting a tip Some peoples here complains about -Location = ok true you are far from everything but unless you are unable to read a travel brochure or your travel agency is stupid you should know it , this hotel is far away this means also no noises, no cranes except in the far far away ( sorry shrek ) land of palm construction -Prices =o this Islamic country so yes alcohol is expensive 7 euro for a beer is more or less ok; o wine is truly expensive ; oothers drinks are cheap for this kind of hotels please don t forget you are not in a third world country 3 euro for a soft drink is not expensive at all oFood high quality low cost we has a full tepaniaki lobster meal for 80€ per person ; regular food price was around the 30-40 € per person for a 3 course dinner this is a 5 star not an all inclusive “resort” If anyone would like more info’s about the hotel pictures, excursions, spa, shooting club, please feel free to mail me at eric@trp.be Hope this help people to decide their hotel in a wise way Resume of our 4 days stay at the Burj will follow ( currently typing this review from my room with their laptop – aargl qwerty – Arabic keyboard -) so sorry for any azawzazqa typing and faults Your faithfully Eric	
Sep 2 2007 	Beautiful retreat away from the hustle of Dubai	We have just returned from a 5 day stay at this hotel. This was the first time our 2 12 year old children have been to Dubai, so we were lookikng for an hotel which would give the boys some freedom, in a safe environment. This hotel certainly ticked all the boxes for us.The suites are ideal for families booking more than one room as they have a lobby area with a separate door outside the 2 rooms which can be closed and only opened with the room keys for the 2 rooms inside, this meant we could leave the room doors open so we always had instant access to both rooms. Even with the room doors ajar the soundproofing was excellent, we never head a peep from our children next door.The beach and pool areas are very well kept with an abundance of life guards, pool attendants and waiters available. The swim up bar in the main pool was open til late in the evening, making swimming after dark a real pleasure.The staff all knew our name within hours of our arrival, and their friendliness and helpfulness was outstanding.We didn't eat at the restautants very much. However breakfast was excellent, with a selection to please all. The one room service meal we had was very good, excellent value and delivered promptly. We also ate at the Sports Bar one night, this again has a very good menu, and very reasonably price, with the benefit of being able to get a buggy to take you there and back.We did have reservations regarding how far out of town this hotel is but needn't have worried. We had a hire car and found that the shopping malls and other attractions took no longer to get to than from hotels further in town, you just approach from a different direction and avoid getting caught up in traffic!If you're looking for a good balance of peace &amp; relaxation and easy access to town this hotel really is a good compromise. We'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Aug 26 2007 	Beautifully Divine!	We have just returned from this hotel and I cannot praise it enough! It was the first time we've stayed away from Jumeriah and the city, but as we'd combined this with a trip to Hong Kong, our main aim in Dubai was to just relax!We stayed in a Royal Jasmine Junior Suite and it was out of this world! We were collected from the airport and taken straight to the hotel (about a 45 minute drive at around 6am). Upon arrival we were informed that our room wasn't ready and we were offered complimentary breakfast in the Signatures restaurant (yummy!). We decided that rather than sit around waiting until 1pm, we would go into town to do some shopping!The hotel has a courtesy bus service that goes to several malls, so we went to Mall of the Emirates (has to be seen to be believed!!) and then got a cab from there to the gold souk (be prepared to haggle!). We got taxis to several other malls from there and then in the evening got the hotel bus back.Our luggage had already been taken to our room for us and our personal butler was waiting to show us around the room and inform us of the facilities available to us. The room was well worth the upgrade. We were on the second floor and directly overlooking the sea. The bed was 7 foot wide (!) and we were given a welcome gift of fresh fruit, dates and a bottle of wine. The bathroom was every girls dream! (well, I think so anyway!!!) His and hers sinks, Elmis goodies, huge bathtub and separate walk-in shower. The goodies were replenished twice a day (even when in some cases we hadn't yet finished using what was already there!). The rooms were cleaned to a very high standard (I'm a bit picky about hotel cleanliness lol) and in the evenings there was a turndown service. The bed was incredibly comfortable and you even had a pillow menu! The feather ones were absolutely fantastic! Staying in this room also provided other facilities. There is access to free DVD rentals and one complimentary half hour massage at the spa (which can be upgraded if you wish and I'd definately reccomend this as the treatments there were great). We also got use of the private lounge for Royal Jasmine guests. This included complimentary tea, coffee, soft drinks and swandwiches during the day and cocktails during the evening. There was also a separate computer for internet access. This was a great place to relax a while during the intense midday heat.As we were on half board breakfast could be had in either La Fontana (main restaurant) or Signatures (for Royal Jasmine guests). The breakfasts in La Fontana were really very good with an assortment of food. Dinner could either be had there or if you chose to go to another restaurant in the resort, your half board creit was transferred over and you simply paid the difference. We ate mainly in La Fontana (the buffets were so varied and delicious!) but also tried the asian food one (think it was called White Orchid?!) which was very nice.Would also reccomend going on Bateaux Dubai (the hotel's dinner cruise). The boat is beautiful with glass all around and you get a fantastic 4 course meal in elegant surroundings whilst gently cruising down the creak in the evening.The staff in this hotel are outstanding. They address you by your name each time they go past you and ask if everything is ok. I know that this is common amongst most hotels in Dubai but I think that the service you recieve in Dubai is second to none.All in all this is a beautiful hotel, set in amazing grounds. The peacoks just add to the elegance and needless to say the beach is gorgeous. The beach attendants even come to clean your sunglasses! The beach was always quieter than the main pool areas and there was never once a problem getting a sun lounger on the beach.I could go on and on about this hotel,but I won't ! I would definately suggest it as a place to go in Dubai if you're looking for a more relaxing experience (perhaps if you've already visited before and are not necessarily looking to do all the touristy things). Am already planning our return trip to Dubai!	
Aug 19 2007 	Just the best location!!!	Well, what can I say. We have just returned from the Palm Tree Court and had a fantastic time. I was a little apprehensive as to the location being it is out of the main part of Dubai but at the moment with all the building going on it is in my opinion by far the best location to stay in. By comparison to similar standard properties more centally located it is a great price and with a taxi at only appros 65 dirams each way (approx £7.00) it is an oasis of calm and tranquility. The beach is superb, long and wide with white powdery sand which is accessed by crossing an expanse of soft grass littered with palm trees. The pools are glorious and the restaurants superb and excellent value for money. At the moment there is a free half board offer on as well!I cannot say enough about the staff at the hotel either, so polite and helpfull. This goes from the guy on the beach who comes round to clean your sunglasses and give you a cold flannel from his cool bag to the room attendant who leaves a little gift every night on your bed and even lays a clean cover on the mat by your bed so you dont have to put your feet on the mat that someone else has stepped on. Unbelievable! would go back in a heartbeat.The resort is quite spread out and all the paths dotted with waterfalls but there are golf carts to drive you around if you wish. The longest we had to wait for 1 was 5 minutes. All the facilities are interchangeable with the Jebel Ali Hotel (exceopt breakfast I think) but believe me you will want to stay put except perhaps to try out the restaurants at Jebel Ali.The rooms are huge and so are the bathrooms and balconies. When I go next time I will request a ground floor as you can step straight out onto your own garden area and then straight onto the grass that leads to the beach.I could go on and on but if you want any details please just drop me an e mail.	
Jul 31 2007 	Palm Tree Court - good experience	If you want a beach holiday to chill out with excellent service this is the place to go. We had a sea front room on the ground floor which was exactly what I had asked for so we didn't have to keep climbing up and down stairs and it opened up onto the garden right in front of the beach.When I said chill out I wasn't talking about the weather which was 40+ and although you cant sit out in it for too long walking around wasn't a great problem during the day.The shuttles to the various malls were well organised although for the visit to the Gold and Diamond market it was too long to wait for the return pick up and I would have been in serious trouble with the bank manager if we hadn't got a taxi back. I think it was about 12 dirhams.Food and service are very good and we found La Fontana very good quality considering it was buffett style which normally we avoid like the plague. We ate in the White Orchid one night and had teppanyaki. Because of the allowance you get which is 140dirhams each the food only cost another 20 dirhams and was superb and the Chef was quite happy to design the food to your request within reason i.e I don't like Salmon so he offered Red Snapper or Grouper.We had the free half board offer which of course made a lot of difference to the final bill.The only complaint I had was the prices in the Clipper bar which I christened the clip joint. 100 dirhams for a double brandy which was nothing like a double measure at home was the only downside in a great break	
Jul 10 2007 	What a Oasis in the Desert but near the sea	I have been travelling to Dubai for 6 years now and my wife goes twice per year for our holidays.The last 2 years we have stayed at the Jumeriah Beech Hotel, when booking this year our travel agent recomended the Palm tree court and spa at Jebil Ali, he has stayed there and maintained it was a excellant resort.We were a bit hesitant regading the distance but this is ofset by the perfect surroundings you have at this oasis with a ocean. The hotel was first class the staff were very friendly and efficient, and the food was as good as you will get anywhere in Dubai.The room attendant Dilsham who looked after block 2 was there when we got out of bed and when we went to bed to assist with anything we required this made our stay more relaxing to have him at hand 24/7, thanks for his attendance and excellant customer skills 9 years at the job and still he is totally on the ball.You could go on and on about the Restraunt staff at most of the different parts of the hotel, no one let the hotel down at any time on our stay.I read some negative reviews prior to our holiday and find it difficult to understand how they could complain in such a negative way with a review of 1, perhaps you would have maybe 1 or 2 issues but this does not help others to be so negative when all others are so positive, well done the staff and management at the Palm Tree Court this is well deserved.I have been at 5 different hotels and for all round quality you deserve a 5 out of 5.Do not let the distance put you of as the New toll roads make a difference as this started on the 1/7 and works very well. We will be returning to this hotel in the very near future and hopefully for many years to come when the Jebil Ali Airport opens soon.	
Jun 18 2007 	Exceeded all our expectations	Just returned from a memorable stay at the Palm Tree Court in Dubai and cannot speak highly enough about it. Beautiful food eaten in the hotel's many restaurants and all of them to the same very high standard. The suite was gigantic and spotless and was serviced twice a day. Complimentary bottles of water, tray of fruit and toiletries daily added to the luxury. Our suite was on the ground floor facing the sea and without a doubt was the best one. The staff were from many continents and all extremely friendly and willing to make our stay eventful. Especially the guy on the beach who cleaned sunglasses. The only down side was the extreme heat, late 30's, so if I was to return it would be in March time which was recommended by the locals.	
Jun 16 2007 	Excellent Resort	stayed here 05/06/07 till 12/06/07 in a sea front suite in block 2. Rooms are very good excellent size which was great as we had our travelling with out 22 month old. The rooms are perhaps a little dated in decor now, but thats a very minor point, but everything was spotlessly cleaned each day.We were on the half board deal which gave buffet at La Fontana each night or 140dhs towards the cost of your food at any of the other outlets apart from the sports cafe. The buffet was very good in La Fontana, with a good selection for all tastes.We used our 140dhms to try La Traviaita and White Orchid, the food La Traviata was superb and probably one of the best steaks i have ever had, it was that good. Again the food in White Orchid, the asian, was very good but others with me were not so pleased with their choices. The 140dhms comfortably covered a starter &amp; main after which we were full anyway. Even if you are not on half board the cost of food is very reasonable...a starter and main for £20, when at home I would happliy in excess of £20 just for the steak...........lunches at the various outlets is approx £10-15 for two.The beach &amp; pools are very nice too great service from the towel guys, lots of beds and umbrellas, never not able to get a bed and brolly. The sea was very warm and a bit murky due to the Palm construction. The only one complaint I have of this place is that you need to keep a close eye on your room bill.......I had rogue drinks and services charged to it and bills that had been settled in cash also appeared, and I have better ways of spending my holiday time than arguing items on my room bill. They did remove them but still left a bitter feeling of an attempt to rip me off.Speaking to other people around the pool its clear that JA/PCT has a loyal following, many people are 2-5 times vistors and I can see why.All in all we had agreat week and I would definitely return to JA/PCT, its a really great place to relax and chill out.	
Jun 13 2007 	A truly relaxing time	Having previously stayed at the Jebel Ali's sister hotel 3 and 2 years ago (Oasis Beach) I was sure that this venue would be excellent. How right I was! Arriving late on a Friday evening my partner &amp; I were well looked after. Reception staff were great, being friendly and efficient and we were quickly whisked away (courtesy of the concierge and a golf cart) to a ground floor palm tree court suite where we were given a useful guided tour of the accommodation.The room was large with fruit, wine and sweets awaiting us. More than sufficient drawer/wardrobe space and a large bathroom with walk-in shower, large bath tub and two basins. The robes and slippers were a nice touch. All was very clean and we couldn't find anything to criticise whatsoever. A well stocked mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities and an in room safe were all useful little extras. The information manual was useful not to mention the magazines and other directories left for our perusal. We had our own table/chairs and sunlongers outside our ground floor room and this allowed us to relax and cool down late each afternoon.La Fontana provided the breakfasts and had the choice of aircon or al fresco dining. Overlooking the pool it was a welcome start to each of the 9 mornings attended. Staff were always glad to refill coffee cups and greeted guests with a welcoming smile each day. We loved the restaurants, particularly La Traviata at the Jebel Ali, being a cosy little Italian with a good atmosphere and very friendly staff, not to mention great food. Shooters was also a favourite, being a fun 5/10 minute shuttle bus ride away, and again brilliant staff who served excellent food. La Fontana provided very good themed buffets each evening and we enjoyed the Mediterranean and Indian nights that we attended.For an early evening drink or nightcap the Clipper bar was very relaxing and the resident pianist kept us all entertained.The hotel grounds are impressive. Beautiful waterfalls and streams and plenty of wildlife to admire. Well worth a walk round especially on an evening when the lights make the complex look very beautiful. The beachfront gardens and beach itself have more than sufficient sunloungers/parasols and the beach attendants couldn't do enough for the guests. Whilst we could see the ongoing work of the palm islands it didn't detract from our enjoyment at all. The Marina was worth a look around and being a sporty type I enjoyed a visit to the Sports Cafe to watch some live sport and have a refreshing drink.The Spa itself was revitalising. We had 2 treatments each and can recommend the deep tissue massages. We were well looked after and enjoyed the Spa experience very much. The fruit kebabs and herbal teas provided a relaxing finale along with a great panoramic view. Altogether refreshing and anyone staying here must give this a try. Offsite we enjoyed visits to the Wild Wadi water park. Great fun for both children and adults. The snowdome was also a fantastic place to go for a ski and the Emirates Mall was very impressive for those who enjoy their shopping. The Hard Rock Cafe and TGI Fridays proved to be good venues to eat, the former providing some good live music also.Overall it's a venue we'll revisit as soon as possible and one that we'll recommend to family and friends.	
May 10 2007 	Jo Mark 	We have just returned from our 7 day stay at the Palm Tree Court, we stayed in one of the seafacing suites, no complaints whatsoever, the staff were always helpful and friendly, the food was excellent, the whole place was spotless. Everyone loved our little girl (7) she spent all day every day in the pool. She doesnt like the beach so myself and partner took it in turns to venture down to the beach, i felt very safe at all times whilst on my own. The golf buggies take you wherever you wish to go around the resort, thats if you are feeling too lazy to walk, as its not exactly a marathon!! There isnt much to do at night with a youngster as most of the bars and restaurants cater only for the over 21's. This, however didnt matter as a relaxing drink at the Captains Bar on the beach after our evening meal was more than enough to end a very relaxing and pleasurable day. Plan to go again as soon as we have saved some more pennies!!	
Mar 11 2007	Fantastic!	Have recently returned from 5 days at the Palm Tree Court hotel. It was the most relaxing, enjoyable and almost perfect holiday I have had!The hotel staff were friendly, polite, and extremely efficient with everything! Nothing was too much trouble! When we arrived they had assumed I was a man because of my title (dr!), so had made the bed into a double (I was travelling with my mum [mrs!]). They were extremely apologetic and immediately altered the beds. We thought it was quite amusing (it had already happened with the car we had arranged from the airport! Apparently in Dubai, all Drs are male!), but they kept apologising! Gave us a drink while we waited the few minutes for the beds to be altered!We stayed in a junior suite, which was spacious, with a massive bathroom, great bath and walk in shower! We had a terrace and an area of garden with sunloungers which was great!The food was excellent- I'm vegetarian and there was plenty of choice always. Breakfast had lots options, with cereal, fresh fruit, meats and cheeses, cakes/bread, hot food including waffles- just great! In the evenings we ate in the La Fontana (buffet), the italian, and the thai restaurants, all of which were lovely. At lunchtime we ate in the Clipper beach bar/restaurant mainly- tried the Captains bar once but didnt like it as much.Our main dilema each day was decieding where to put our beach towels (provided- at least 2 each, and ask for more if you want them!)- either the pool, the greass next ot the beach, or on the beach!! Very comfy sunloungers and plenty of them!! It never felt crowded on the palm tree court side of the complex, although seemed busier nearer the main hotel.The evening 'bateaux dubai' dinner cruise was really good- 5* food, and nice to see a bit more of dubai! (Be aware it can take 90minutes to get there in the rush hour traffic. Only 25mins to get back afterwards though!)The one negative point is the bus journey into the city. The traffic is bad in dubai, and the bus driver didnt seem very good at clutch control with all the stop-starting in the traffic jam! we kangaroo jumped for several miles and I felt quite sick when we got to the Mall. (A tip about the shopping malls- the Mall of emirates is a bit like UK shopping centres but bigger! It has Next, Boots, Topshop etc, etc. We liked the Ib Bantana mall better- it was smaller, all on one level, and had more unusal shops. We weren't sure which mall to go to, so got the hotel courtsey bus to the Mall of the Emirates, then caught the next hotel coutsey bus [about an hour later] back to the Ib Bantana mall and stayed there for a while). We had no problems with booking a space onto the bus, or with getting a seat.All in all, a lovely 5* hotel!!PS- shop around on the interent for prices- we got several quotes, varying by £400 pp!	
Feb 11 2007 	Excellent hotel but the Jasmine club is overpriced.		
Oct 4 2006 	Really Enjoyed the Palm Tree Court!		
Aug 27 2006 	Relaxing 		
Aug 22 2006 	Would not go back!		
Aug 17 2006	The best Holiday ever		
Aug 17 2005	Nobody mentioned the golf carts......		
Oct 16 2009 	Erholung der Luxusklasse!!!		
Aug 19 2009 	excellent service		
Jul 21 2009 	agréable séjour		
Feb 25 2009 	un excellent sejour loin de la ville		
Apr 27 2008 	Séjour de rêve !		
Aug 26 2007 	Un hôtel de rêve		
