Jul 11 2009 	amazing hotel	amazing luxrios hotel - staff very helpfull spotless clean love it diffently will visit again- would love if internet is free	
Mar 6 2009 	Fantastic standard of accommodation	Beautiful apartment with everything to make your stay comfortable, clean and decorated in a calm and comfortable manner.Great staff worth the visit	
Oct 17 2008 	Perfect Apartment: Less than Perfect Welcome	I stayed at The Place deluxe apartments complex for four nights over the course of this past week. All in all it was a very good choice with only a few issues. The tower is only a little over 1 year old and is situated at the Dubai end of Sheikh Zayed road opposite the Emirates Towers and only a few steps from the Fairmont Hotel.Firstly, let me credit them on the quality and cleanliness of the apartment: it was faultless and perfect in every way. I stayed in a 21st floor one room apartment (2108) with modern, tiled, open plan dining, living and kitchen areas. The kitchen refrigerator was stocked with a range of complimentary non-alco drinks prior to my arrival. Tea and coffee making facilities are also provided.The lounge/dining room area was large and open with a 40&quot; widescreen TV with a range of over 70 international news and entertainment channels. Both the lounge and bedroom had their own balconies with views over Dubai Marina towards the sea. It was spectacular. The bedroom was equally perfect with adequate wardrobe space with a large ensuite wetroom. There was also an additional cloakroom off the lounge. See my attached photos to get an idea of the quality and modernity of the space and its furnishings.Now to the downsides. Firstly, the apartments are managed by staff at the small reception area on the fifth floor. There are no other communal areas to speak of. Whilst helpful, they can be a little efficious and inflexible. Despite advising them of my requirement for an early check-in and their advice that they could easily accommodate me I arrived to find that, not only would there be a delay (this didn't really bother me), but that I would be expected to pay for the &quot;extra day&quot;!! As you can imagine, I was a little offended and let them know in no uncertain terms that it was unacceptable. First off, they offered a reduced rate of 50% before, after a semi-heated discussion, they waived the cost altogether. Problem averted, although they hadn't got off to a good start.Secondly, and a relatively minor point, but the Apartment Complex has no restaurant as such. For breakfast, they provide you with vouchers to get breakfast from the independent restaurant on the ground floor. It was no more than satisfactory.Thirdly, despite the views and size of the apartment balconies, the ambience when relaxing there or by the pool is ruined by the amount of noisy construction going on around the building. There are currently skyscrapers being built on both sides of Park Place and the dust and noise is ever present and it is 24/7.To summarise, a few minor hitches, but if you are on a business trip or extended stay I reckon that The Place is damn near perfect. It is not however suitable for families or holidaymakers who want to relax by the pool with easy access to the beach. Its location is great for downtown, the Creek and the airport (15-20 min ride) and it is within 20 minute striking distance of Jumeirah too.The room was perfect in every way. If you were to stay here you will not be disappointed.	
