Apr 27 2009 	Would recommend as a decent base in the city	We only stayed here for one night before flying back to the UK, but it was very different to the BnB we had stayed at before. Its in a much busier part of the city which is very nice, especially at night when it cools down, Al Muteena St is very vibrant with cafes opening up and was very safe to walk about wherever we wanted. A good location for the older part of the city, which is very busy.We stayed in studio apartments which although having all the modcons for self catering, needed us to call down for things like towels, crockery and cutlery. Super rooms though. They also wanted to hang on to our passports but we retrieved them without hassle. The rootop pool is just brilliant for relaxing and enjoying the city from above. The gym is non-existent. All 4 pieces of equipment are broken and a bit dusty, so dont even bother. The staff were very friendly and organised us a complimentary transfer to the airport early on the day of our departure, so all in all a great location for Dubai.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great location huge room but avoid the breakfast	I stayed here for a 3-night stopover. Id never been to Dubai before so i wanted a good location, safe (for a solo female) and clean. The location on the map is wrong - it's on Al-Muteena St (on the south or creek side), about 50 metres from the corner of and Omar Ibn al-Khattab Rd. I arrived at around 10am, and my room was ready! My studio apartment was BIG. I didn't use the kitchen facilities but I had a quick peek in the cupboards, and the main kitchen utensils were there. The bathroom was a bit small, but how big does a bathroom need to be anyway, right? The loo didn't flush properly, but the cleaning crew took care of that on the first day and there were no more problems. A hairdryer appeared in my room within 2 minutes of me requesting it. Wide screen TV with al the main channels. The quiet aircon was great. The check-in staff are friendly, and the security guys and concierges are fabulous - so helpful, and great to chat to about the cricket. I even got my 5.30am wake-up call. It's in the Indian part of town, so lots of restaurants around, and a 24hr convenience store a few doors down. It's a buzzy, lively area and I never felt unsafe, even late at night. Avoid the hotel breakfast at all costs - it took 45 mins to arrive and was cold! It's an easy 20 min walk from the main Deira souk area (Gold, Perfume, Naif etc etc). No probs getting taxis. I think it's good value for money in a very expensive city. I'd stay there again	
Nov 5 2008 	Its neat and clean	The hotel is good. But somehow everything is very relaxed there. We told the reception that smoke was coming out from the oven and they took 30 minutes to send somebody. Its a very clean hotel. They prepared jain food on request. I think one of the best points is that it has an indian restaurant which serves good food. Further they dont have any beef in the hotel. So i will recommend to travellers from india and for people who dont like beef.Further one important thing about diera is the taxi problem. Near the hotel there is a bus stop and trust me it makes sense to travel by bus. The timetable is printed and the buses stick to that time. Further in this area the buses are not crowded so its ok	
Nov 4 2008 	Great place to stay!	The hotel looks to be new or newly remodeled. It was very nice and clean. Our room was HUGE! The staff there are extreemly nice and helpful. We even got flowers for one of the front desk girls to thank her for her kindness. We booked thru asiarooms.com and got a good deal. It was pretty cheap compared to other hotels and since it was new, clean, huge, it was well worth it.The only downside of the room was the shower leaked a little bit, but it wasn't a big deal. Sometimes it took us a little while to get a taxi in front of the hotel in the morning but we just walked a block or so and were able to always get one.If I was going to stay in Deira again, I'd stay here.	
