Oct 13 2009 	Thank You	We would like to say Thank You to all of the staff who made our 8 night stay at the Residence &amp; Spa at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage Dubai a most memorable holiday. The care and attention to detail is insurpassable and it has to be said that the team of staff have certainly been trained to the highest of standards. The managment team deserve credit as it is plain to see that their motivation, dedication and courtesy is reflected in all of the staff and it was an absolute pleasure to experience impeccable manners. The Residence as a whole is totally relaxing and had a lovely ambience. The food in the Dining Room is wonderful, well balanced menu's and exceptionally well presented. The chef's deserve a special thank you as every meal was a delight.We will most definately be staying at the Residence on future visits to Dubai.	
Sep 28 2009 	A true Gem	I have just returned from my first visit to Dubai which I took with my family for a birthday celebration. I had heard a lot about how luxurious the hotels are in this part of the world so I had high expectations. The whole place is certainly luxurious but what puts this hotel on a plateau above others is it's intimacy. It only has 48 rooms and we were made to feel so special and valued by the staff. We were always greeted by name as we entered the building or even the lounge area. The building is low level and our room opened on to its own patio area which overlooked gardens and beyond - the sea. We were upgraded to a suite which was spacious and furnished the highest standard as were the standard rooms which our children occupied.The pool and gardens were top class and had an air of peace and tranquility, with luxurious sunbeds and gazebos offering shelter from the sun. However for people who want something more lively there is plenty going on at the Arabian Court and the Palace both for adults and children. Guests of the Residence are free to use the facilities at all the hotels,which is not the case for guests in the other hotels.The staff training is second to none because although staff are ultra attentive they do so without making you feel overpowered. Because it was a special birthday the hotel surprised me with flowers, cake and a spa treatment voucher. We didn't get to all eight restaurants but the Beach and Bar Grill,The Dining Room, The Rotisserie and the Eauzone were all excellent. We were on a half board basis so this helped with costs as Dubai is an expensive place to visit.When it was time to leave the staff once again thought of everything arranging taxis, wake up call and breakfast in our rooms at 4am.Five days was not long enough in thiswonderful hotel, so I hope it wont be long before we can return.	
Sep 23 2009 	FABULOUS!	We have just returned from a wonderful 8 days at the Residence &amp; Spa. This was our first visit to this hotel (we normally stay at the Dar al Masayaf) and we were not disappointed. We decided at the last moment to take our two children (19 &amp; 21) with us and did wonder whether it may be a bit too stuffy for two students!!Not at all, they were made to feel so welcome by all the staff and loved the afternoon tea! It was our wedding anniversary and they upgraded us to a lovely suite and we were given some lovely little extras too. We ate most nights in the Dining room which was excellent. In fact, it was much better than the dinner we had at the Burj by a long way! Ate one evening at Ninas the indian restaurant which was excellent. We also ate at The Marina restaurant (part of Jumeriah beach hotel) which we always visit when in Dubai as it is excellent too!! What else can I say? Oh my only minor complaint if you can call it that is that I do think the pool area should be for adults only as there are pools that cater for children in the adjoining hotels. Although there were only one or two children there when we were there and they were well behaved I have to say, I would have preferred the peace of adultsonly. other than apart from the ugly building work going on in front (palm island!) and monorail station to the right it is a wonderful place to stay and would definitely revisit!! Oh, the spa is great too!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Plush hotel shame about the view	The One and Only hotel Dubai is indeed a little gem in Dubai, it is hard to have a hotel on the beach in Dubai and not have a view of Cranes. Whilst most other hotels fail in this aspect (withthe exception of Atlantis sea facing rooms), the One and Only manages this superbly. Nestled on the Main Jumeria road the hotel covers a lot of surface area and is divided into differing residences, the more you pay the better the residence. On arrival you check in in a main hall exceot if you have a gold room where you are whisked off to a building on its own which possesses its own checkin. Staff are superbly trained and cater for most needs on requests. Breakfast is well provided for but the location on the main area can become crowded at times. The Spa (now renamed) was part of the Givanchy brand it seemed and has plenty of treatments but these can be obtained in other areas for less, most massage personel in hotels being highly skilled in the region. The pool outside is both open in terms of light and spacious giving the feeling you are not hemmed in with other people due to well laid out trees which can become a nusance when the sun moves and some seem to be placed in the pool so probably not best for lane swimmers. However this openness and caccooned feeling means you do not really see the sea or beach that much which given the cranes is no bad thing. Rooms are not a big difference to many you can find in Dubai, they are reasonably sized and have a nice seperate bathroom with wooden decor. Ultimately this hotel is superb, well managed and appointed, but given the price it is what you should expect. What makes this hotel stand out is access to the centre of town and exclusiveness and friendlyness.	
Sep 9 2009 	Fabulous	Stayed here for 6 nights as our Honeymoon. We were upgraded to a suite, and there were many other lovely touches to our stay - rose petals on the bed etcBeautiful hotel with impeccable service. The food was excellent - the only meal we didn't enjoy was at Eau Zone, a shame as we ate there our last night as we'd heard it was good. We would definitely return, although perhaps not in Aug as the humidity was almost unbearable.	
Sep 2 2009 	absolutely fantastic	The residence and spa is a hotel to spend a week indulging in absolute luxury and quiet.The staff are brilliant and make you feel special, no request is too much for them.	
Sep 1 2009 	A few niggles but still a wonderful hotel	The hotel is very luxurious and is a true oasis compared to the other two hotels, which form the complex (Arabian Court and Palace). We had a garden room on the ground floor, which was very spacious and beautifully furnished. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the hotel really did feel like a 'home from home'. We had some problems on the day we arrived with noisy kids next door, but the staff dealt with the problem efficiently and found another room we could move to that evening. We tried a few bars/restaurants in the complex and they were all excellent, especially Nina and The Roof Top (both situated in The Arabian Court). The main disappointment at the Residence was the fact that there were a number of families with young children staying at the hotel. This was a particular problem at the pool. We were surprised that the hotel did not have an adult-only policy, especially considering that there were two other larger hotels in the complex, which were far more kid friendly than the Residence. However, all in all, a lovely hotel with excellent facilities. The complimentary afternoon tea offered to guests in the library each afternoon was a definite plus and not to be missed !	
Aug 26 2009 	Sheer bliss	We have been lucky enough to stay here every year for the last 4 years and i simply wouldnt go anywhere else for relaxation.Out of the 3 hotels within The Royal Mirage , this is the smaller with 50 bedrooms so therfore more intimate with staff addressing you by name and remembering what you like to eat and drink.Bedrooms are very spacious with incredibly comfy beds, even the z bed our daughter slept on was comfy.Clean fluffy towels were replenished every morning and night as were the lovely Molton Brown toiletries.Cool towels round the pool twice a day, sorbet and/or fresh fruit and continually flowing complimentary water are all nice touches which i believe arent in every hotel.Our 4 year old daughter was treated like a princess so much so she cried when she woke up on our last day as she didnt want to come home (shes allready filling up her piggy bank for our next trip)Children are more than welcome here although they may prefer the pool at The Arabian Court where they can make more noise and splash in and out of the pool.We tend to spend the day flitting between beach, Residence pool and Arabian Court pool (dont think i could have done the whole day around the AC pool surrounded by fat sunburnt Brits swigging beer!).Afternoon tea in The Library, also complimentary, is outstanding and management always make themselves visible and chat to each guest.Breakfast, whether room service or eaten in The Dining Room is great with a huge variety. With a food allergy which can be a pain when eating away from home, i was well catered for.Nina (AC), Beach Bar and Grill (Palace) and Tagine (Palace) all great but if you want buffet style then head to Rottiserie (AC) or Olives (Palace).The hotel and grounds (including the beach) are spotlessly clean and all staff greet you from the maintenance to manager.For my husbands birthday a cake, flowers and present (voucher for Hamman treatment) were left in our room after breakfast.When we stayed for New Year we were given a recipie book, dates and photo frame and our daughter a story book and stuffed camel!This hotel has a return rate of around 80% which is a sign of how good it really is.With the global economy the way it is at the moment there are lots of cut price offers for The Palace and Arabian Court but, without sounding like a snob, these two hotels are therefore, attracting in the afformentioned fat sunburnt Brits.If you want to be a name and not just a number, peace and quiet and total relaxation then The Residence really is the place to stay.Now im off to hunt down the back of the sofa for loose change to start saving for our next visit!	
Aug 17 2009 	Again another magical stay .....	This is the best hotel in Dubai, that's why we return, year after year!!The simple personal touches, attention to detail and shere luxury, the Residence &amp; Spa has it all, 400%!We travelled with my parents and had an interconnecting Prestige Room &amp; Junior suite. Great for travelling with kids as they have space to cool down during noon, as we went inside then because of the heat.Breakfast at the Dining Room - delicious, dinner at the Dining Room - superb, dinner at the Rotisserie (Arabian Court) - plenty of choice for the kiddies and delicious, dinner at Nina - the Indian place to dine!Menu at both the Dining Room and The Rotisserie should be changed a little more often as the same dishes turned up. But then again, not many guests stay for 12 nights .....Afternoon tea at the Library: scumptious!!!And yes, use the well equipped gym at the Spa after that :-))))))Oh, you like to go out? Check out the Kasbar (next to the Palace)!!!! Expensive drinks but great nightclub, even for us (in our forties with 3 kids - hahahaha!).Many thanks again to Mr Philippe, Fikri, Roshan, Mary (KidsOnly), Raj (pool), The Dining room Chef, and all other staff who made our 12 night stay memorable again.We shall return, soon ....................	
Aug 9 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I highly recommend this hotel. We got waited on hand and foot and could not have asked for a better hotel stay. This hotel and all the staff made our holiday magical.It is true what they say...you get what you pay for!!	
Aug 7 2009 	A week of pure pampering!	I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. The rooms are spacious, clean and well maintained, with wonderful Molton Brown toiletries. We asked to see a roof-top room, and they very kindly let us change rooms when it became available, at no extra charge! The staff and service are second to none - nothing is too much trouble and they are really genuine. We ate at two of the restaurants at the Palace, but the food was average. For the remainder of the holiday we ate in the Dining Room at the Residence which was first class. The beach was clean, but unfortunately like the rest of Dubai it lacks a beautiful view due to all the excessive building work being carried out. We did not experience any construction noise at the Residence, but as soon as you walk to the Arabian Court or the Palace you become aware of the noise. The pool is wonderful and well looked after. If you want a relaxing vacation this is the hotel to go to.	
Aug 4 2009 	Perfect honeymoon at The Residence 	We booked a week's honeymoon here from 25th July and EVERYTHING was perfect. We were concerned about the heat but it was absolutely fine - it is hot but fine to sit out by the pool. The service was impecable and the staff couldn't do enough for you - always with a smile. The Residence is particularly special because it is small and has more of a boutique feeling. The manager is very friendly and comes and speaks to the guests personally to make sure all is ok - as it was our honeymoon he arranged 36 roses to be put in our room, these were changed half way through the week. We were also given breakfast in bed on one morning. Our room was magnificent - the most comfortable pillows and bed I have ever slept on. Beautiful bathroom with lots of Molton Brown goodies. Very quiet so we could sleep off our wedding tiredness. Breakfast caters for all tastes - fresh juices, Arabic food, fruit, cheese, cereals, yoghurts and then a hot a la carte menu - plus an enormous basket of pastries, brioche and toast. We found we didn't need lunch as we ate breakfast quite late but took advantage of the afternoon tea at The Library - just delicious! Fortunately they have a fantastic gym at The Residence in which to work off the excess calories. I heard the gym at The Palace isn't as good. We tried most of the restaurants for dinner and our favourite was The Dining Room at The Residence but the others are also good - Eau Zone, The Grill and Nina. We tried Celebrities for breakfast, and dinner at The Rotisserie and felt The Dining Room was so much better - service and food. We visited the water park at The Atlantis - a fun day out but have since heard that Wild Wadi is better. We did a desert excursion - good fun but very touristy. The malls are worth a visit - we caught the sales.We had treatments in the hammam and they were wonderful.All in all we loved it – cannot criticise anything and wouldn’t recommend they do anything differently. We will be going back to The Residence in the future but probably wouldn’t stay at Arabian Court or The Palace.	
Jul 22 2009 	Simply the best	My family and i stayed at the mirage residence after staying at almost all the jumeira beach hotels.I must say we are always going to stay here from now on. Anyone who has been to dubai will tell you that even the 3 star hotel standards are comparable to 4-5 star hotel in other countries.The residence is definately for the traveler that does not want to be bothered by noise or families with no regard or respect for the peace of other travelers. I was glad that only residence guests had the exclusive use of the dedicated pool area, But also loved the fact that we could use all the facilities of the Arabian court and palace. Staff are the best and usually address you by your name which is a great touch.perfect hotel and well worth the price you pay.	
Jul 21 2009 	Perfect Residence	This is our third stay at the Residence &amp; Spa.The hotel is excellent and offers a very high level of service to the discerning traveler.My wife &amp; I have stayed at many good hotels including the Burj on several occasions and still feel that overall this hotel offers a more intimate yet relaxed service. You are made to feel incredibly welcome.All of the rooms are spacious, immaculate and well presented with maid service twice per day. The bathrooms are spotlessly clean with a range of Moulton Brown products which are replenished everyday.On arrival we were met by familiar faces who remembered us from our last visit, offered a refreshing drink and shown to our room which was ready for us. We were also offered breakfast if we were hungry (which we were!).The residence &amp; Spa offers a &quot;boutique&quot; feel as it is a small hotel (some 48 rooms or so) set in 60+ lush green acres. The facilities are superb with a well equipped gym.All of the rooms have excellent access to the pool and main reception. My only advice to families with small children is that the Residence &amp; Spa is really a &quot;grown up&quot; place to stay and we noticed that one family with small children playing in the pool were asked to use one of the sister hotel pools if the kids wanted to play. I felt this was a little harsh but I can also understand that the Residence is a spa hotel and people are there to relax &amp; unwind.We didn’t use the spa facilities this time around but have done before and they are excellent. Especially the Royal Hamman. Try it!My only real issue is that the hotel does not offer free internet access in your room which as I had some work to do on a morning I felt that the cost, some £20 per day, was a little unfair. It’s a small thing as my kept stating that I was &quot;supposed to be on holiday&quot; after all! You can however use the business centre for free to check emails etc.The restaurant in the hotel is called the “Dining Room” and it is excellent. We had the benefit of half board which proved fantastic value for money. The dining room offered a superb cuisine and I noticed the menu changed regularly during our stay and also offered excellent wine paring options. Another benefit of the half board was that you could also eat in any of the One &amp; Only restaurants in the other two hotels nearby, which we did namely Nina’s in the Arabian court which is a fantastic Indian restaurant with a twist.On our final night we had a special dinner in the dining room prepared by the chef. It was simply amazing.All of the staff at the Residence and Spa are a credit to the company and nothing was a problem. They look after you from the moment you arrive and you are the number one priority during your stay. If only more hotels took a leaf out of the Residences book.We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of the staff at the Residence &amp; Spa for making our stay special and would also like to take this opportunity to say a big thank you to Bernd who always goes that &quot;extra mile&quot; each time we stay making our holiday just perfect. Thank you!	
Jun 24 2009	A fabulous hotel	My mother and I were originally booked into the Palace but after I emailed the hotel to inform then that I would like us to be based in a room with easy access as I was travelling with my eighty year old mum ( I also told them it was a belated 80th present for her) they upgraded us to The Residence. This break was a present to my Mum following my father's long illness. He sadly passed away earlier this year. Therefore, it was really important to me that she thoroughly relaxed and had a fabulous time. Well, the One and Only surpassed all my expectations. The Residence is an elegant and refined hotel with a club/boutique air about it. It only has about fifty rooms so you really feel that you are receiving personal attention at all times. The pool area is beautiful with plenty of shade and sun loungers and the beach is immaculate and almost empty. You definitely don't need to get up early to grab the right spot at this hotel! At both the pool and beach we were brought cold flannels, iced water and sorbet and they even cleaned our sunglasses! The staff at the Residence were all fantastic without fault. They could not do enough for us and they were always smiling and interested in your day and general wellbeing. My mum was also delighted when they presented her with fabulous flowers, cake and perfume.We ate in the residence dining room and the food was gorgeous; we also ate at the beach bar and grill which was also lovely. The roof top bar at the Arabian Court is a must. Also afternoon tea at The Residence was delightful. Both the Palace and the Arabian court also looked very nice but a little busier.... although if you are looking for a buzzy atmosphere these may be a better option. Guests from The Residence can use all facilities of the other hotels but The Residence facilities are exclusively for Residence guests. Therefore, you can be a little more choosy about where you want to spend the day!Dubai is a great place to visit. We went to the Gold Souk where my mum bought a lovely diamond ring. We had a tour of the city where we saw all the large hotels and landmarks and we visited the Dubai Mall. Apparently this is the largest shopping centre in world. We also took a sea plane ride over the city.... this is a must and really puts the scale of the place into perspective.... we even flew around the world's highest building!The building work by the Arabian Court is not obvious at all at either the Palace and Residence and probably wouldn't even spoil your stay at the Arabian court itself, although you can see it. However, you sort of get used to seeing building work in Dubai as there is quite a lot going on.... although apparently not as much as before. Also the Palm opposite the beach is not the prettiest to look at ( apparently the One and Only have bout the Island opposite and are going to put villas on it) but again it doesn't really spoil it too much.If you want a buzzy, big Las Vegas-style hotel then you would probably be better of at the Burgh Al Arab, The Atlantis or the Madinat Jumeira. But if you want a refined and quietly glamorous retreat away from all the hustle and bustle then this is the perfect spot!	
Jun 24 2009 	Best Hotel Stay Ever	For my second trip to Dubai in 4 years I decided to avoid the Atlantis after negative reviews and the One &amp; Only seemed the best of the rest (I have already stayed at the Burj). It seems I made the right choice, especially choosing the Residence over the other two hotels in the sprawling 65 acre complex. The Residence is the smallest and by far the quietest of the three (most evident at buffet breakfast where only a few guests would be present, unlike the breakfast crowds at the Palace or Arabian Court). The Residence easily has the most elegant and biggest rooms - but the staff served me my best 4-day hotel stay ever by upgrading me to a huge 915 sq ft rooftop junior suite including balcony and sun terrace. Rooms apart, the decor of the Arabian Court's many public spaces is probably the finest in the complex, but you currently have to put up with the 24 hr drone from the mammoth carpark and train station building being constructed adjacent to it. Taken as a whole the resort offers everything - pools, dense lush gardens, a great spa/fitness centre, 1km of private beach with watersports etc, abundant restaurants and loads to explore. Staff are immaculately helpful, saying hello every time they pass you - we are talking top standards here. (The food is also very good, if not exceptional). But I think that beats every other hotel in Dubai.	
Jun 3 2009 	What a wonderful hotel - top luxury	Had a fantastic stay here for 7 days last Sept.Lovely hotel, very relaxed place great to just chill out. Fantastic pool and leisure facilities and very spacious rooms with great shower / wet room.Great restaurants and top quality food.Service in all areas was top class and all the staff went that extra mile to try and assist you.My only complaint about Dubai was that the availability of taxis was a nightmare, maybe because it was at the end of Ramandan, we often had to wait for 45 minutes plus outside some shopping malls to get a taxi. It needs to get this sorted asap if it is going to compete with other major cities.This hotel is top notch also with quality furniture and fittings throughout.The Burj al Arab is all glitz and no substance in comparison.I would definately pay that bit extra and stay at the Residence &amp; Spa.LightingMan	
Apr 1 2009 	beautiful hotel and grounds	We were so excited to finally visit Dubai we have wanted to go there for a few years now. We did quite a bit of research before and decided this hotel would be perfect. The hotel itself is beautiful, rooms are great and grounds are pretty, it is certainly a true 5 star for the money we paid it should be!! The food was delicious and the amenities were wonderful. We loved the restaurants associated with the resort the especially the Moroccan and the Indian fusion. We also enjoyed the afternoon tea at the spa and residence. The service at the hotel is on par with other 5 star hotels and a couple of the concierge staff really went that extra mile. However, we felt the spa and residence was a little stuffy and not quite right for us, unfortuanly we spent allot of money on this portion of our trip, it is exclusive but to us it seemed very cut off - even from the beach as you cannot see the beach from the pool which is something we like. For a luxury hotel who promotes themselves as being exclusive check in seemed unorganized - the front desk staff seemed to not know we were coming although we had been in contact with them prior - it took a good 35-40 mins, we expected a more seamless check in, we were told by the company we booked with (which we will never use again) we would be given an upgraded room upon check in and this was guaranteed however this did not happen. We had a standard room our view was a wall of shrubs in the corner on the ground floor. Eventually we were given a different room (2 room suite which is good because my husband was working on this trip) and it was nice and very spacious. We planned to go to lunch at the Burj but the manager at the residence and spa informed us there were no reservations so we ended up booking the tea and it was really nice and fun experience, it’s a must see! Also one day during our visit there was a sand storm it worked out well we went to the mall of emirates that afternoon and it was quite a site to see the indoor ski slopes, etc. and do a little shopping.We are experienced travelers and generally stay at 4 seasons and the like whenever possible while this hotel is amazing and we might be in the minority, it was not for us it was extremely quite and did not seem friendly – like I mentioned before too stuffy and quite uptight. We will most likely not stay here again unless given a great deal; which when we checked out they gave us a coupon for a return visit…The hotel is nice and Dubai was allot of fun we plan to return to we just plan to stay at another hotel, there are so many 5 star hotels there!	
Feb 7 2009 	Perfect in every way	It doesn't get any better than this. The hotel's exclusive ambience and the outstanding service make this hotel one of our favourite's in the world.We have stayed three times (once at the Arabian Court and twice at the Residence). The Residence is a cut above the rest...pure class. Unlike the Oalace and Arabian Court parts of the resort, The Residence is a chav free zone..there are too many people parading about in their (probably fake) designer gear at the other parts of the hotel. The Residence has it's own exclusive pool are and restaurant that the Palace and Arabian Court guests are not allowed access to. This gives it an air of mystery to the &quot;outsiders&quot; and you quite often see peple wandering trhough for a sneeky peek! The staff at The Residence do not allow outsiders to use the pool area, so it's always lovely and quiet with plety of places to lie out.The rooms are incredible. We stayed in a junior suite, which is huge. The large marble bathroom is very luxurious and the room has every amenity you will need.The hotel's restaurants are top class - in fact we didn't leave the resort to eat. There are 7 or 8 different restaurants, each with a slightly different theme.	
Nov 24 2008	An oasis being ruined by construction	We spent 2 nights at this hotel and rate it very highly, the main problem is however all of the construction going on around it which a) spoils the view and b) makes it noisy.Room: Our room was large, had a great bathroom and what I would describe as classical 5 star hotel (wing chairs etc). It did take an exceptionally long time to walk to the room from reception as it is a low rise but we did get used to it.Other amentities: We ate at a couple of the restaurants and found the service and food to be good. We had breakfast in Olives and apart from it being very busy the buffet was very nice. The hotel has a shuttle to the main mall but to get to the ones in the city was a half hour drive.As I have said, the main issue for us is that with construction of Palm Island(?) across the beach from this resort we felt it took away from this property. You lost the view across the ocean and the construction noise did go well into the night. We did not hear it in our room. It is not this properties fault but it did detract. Finally I have to say service at this hotel was to a high standard. When our transfer ran 2 hours late, they followed up and kept us informed.	
Mar 7 2009 	Maginifique hôtel		
