Nov 17 2009 	Nice hotel but there are better places to stay !!!	The hotel is nice and clean and the staff try there best but they have limited english and some struggled to understand us. Regards the location it is not the best it is surrounded by Indian and Pakistani people no arabic people at all and lets just say it could be a cleaner area. It is around a 20 minute walk to the creek area where you can get a traditional water taxi which is a small wooden boat across the water to the gold and spice markets.There were call girls on the street outside the hotel at the weekend but these never caused us any bother and never approached us.There is a large super market 5 mins walk down the road that is very very good like a Asda style super market and its open 24hrs, there are also a few different shopping centres a few minutes walk away with some very good and cheap food courts in them with everything fron KFC, McDonalds and lots of little indian, chinese and pizza restaurants we used these quite a lot and had some fantastic cheap food.The rooms were very clean and spacious for the money BUT the main problem was the air conditioning system was very very noisey it sounded like every so often someone was emptying a bucket of water with ice cubes in it which would wake us up.The lifts were not the best only 2 lifts for all 24 floors and they got very busy at breakfast and other busy times of the day. The pool area was very nice and never got crowded so there was always a sunbed available. the room service was very quick and the prices very good and the food was a very good standard and plenty of it.There is a free shuttle bus to various shopping malls, beaches and other points of interest every day which leaves the hotel at 10am and picks you back up at 2pm, but taxis are very cheap and the metro line which is a 20 minute walk from the hotel was very good value it cost us around £2 each to go 1st class (gold class) and that was to the furthest point around 20 miles away to dubai marina.Overall my opinion is that the hotel is good value and very clean but the area it is in is not the best but its very easy and cheap to get a taxi to where you want to go so why pay silly money for a better location when you can stop here for a lot less, would i return yes i would but i would also check out a better location just in case there were any simular priced hotels in a better place.Dubai is far from finished and is like a huge huge building site with road works every where would i go back yes i would in about 5 years when all the diggers and cranes have moved on.	
Nov 10 2009 	One Rude Staff Ruined the Stay	Overall the hotel was nice and clean with good facilities. The airport pickup service was excellent and the restaurant staff was extremely friendly. Hotel staff at the front desk who appeared to be Asians were cordial and helpful. However, one native man at the desk on another night was rude and uncooperative. Perhaps if you are a caucasian man, he may treat you differently. Because of this experience, the rating given is 3 instead of a 4.	
Oct 27 2009 	A functional hotel with excellent service and friendly staff	On the balance of reviews on Trip Advisor, we selected the Majestic Tower Hotel for our 2 week stay in Dubai.Located in the Bur-Dubai district, it is easily accessible to both the City, if a little distant from, the beach hotels and attractions at Jumerieh (approximately 20 minutes in a cab, at off-peak times).We arrived at 2am and the staff we were welcomming and helpful. Our room was situated on the 12th floor, with excellent views looking west over Dubai.Facilities within the room were what you would expect from a 4 star brand, but were nothing special (no flat screen tv, for example).That being said, other facilities within the hotel were excellent and excelled above its star listing (pool, gym and various restaurants and bars). We were particularly fond of the Greek restaurant 'Elia', and were pleased to celebrate its 2nd birthday.The 'Music Room' was lively and the karokee bar was an added benefit!My only criticism was the deficiency of lifts within the hotel. By design, 2 lifts serving 24 storeys can only be described as deficient.In summary, an great hotel, well run and with added benefit of friendly and approachable staff. Well done!	
Oct 12 2009 	Good Value for Money	Upon arrival our room was not ready, told to wait 30 minutes, upon enquiring after 30 minutes was told another 20 minutes and seatted in reception and not acknowledged!! eventually once complaining room became available. Once in room discovered shower did not work, sent maintenance to repair after a 71/2 hour flight not happy!! maintenance could not fix.I called reception spoke with manager who rectified immediatley apologised upgraded our room free, with complimentrary fruit etc... after this experienced problems constantly with our room key!! not the best start to our holiday.Good value for money apart from problems checking in and room key good hotel and friendley especially Beejay bell boy!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Definitely try this hotel when you are in Dubai. Superb!	We were upgraded to a deluxe room on arrival and this was superb. We had a magnificent view of the city from the 20th floor too. All the staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel facilities could not be faulted. Breakfast was a joy every morning, high quality and beautifully presented, with very attentive staff. This hotel is excellent and can be highly reccommended.	
Jul 8 2009 	Fantastic And Friendly Service - Best Value Four Star Hotel In Dubai!	Undoubtedly the best value for money four star hotel anywhere in Dubai. A prompt air port pick-up, smooth check in with efficient and helpful reception staff immediately gave us a good feeling that here was a hotel where the entire staff really do go that extra mile to make you feel ‘at home’ from the moment you walk into the foyer. The room was more than spacious enough, tastefully furnished throughout, a large bathroom with Jacuzzi type bath….in fact everything we needed, or was ever likely to need, was in place down to the smallest items. The breakfast restaurant was located on the pool side with a modern vibrant theme and the breakfast itself was excellent with a wide varied selection of hot and cold dishes, fruits, juices and a never ending supply of tea or coffee…again the staff where ever attentive, efficient and friendly. The Greek restaurant is a must to visit, the food was superb and good value….. each time we dined there it was always busy, usually with Greek expats so the food must have been authentic!The last mention must go to the ‘Music Room’, the large down stairs live music venue which besides having one of the best rock bands we’d heard in a long time, the ‘Rock Spiders’ of Philippines origin, it again offers a great selection of European and Asian foods at reasonable prices. For those who like to shoot a game of pool there is a separate upper tier pool area that does not interfere with those people who wish to relax listening to the music….yet again Rajeev and his staff cannot be thanked enough for their excellent service. All in all, I can honestly say that we would not hesitate to recommend the Majestic Towers Hotel to anyone staying in Dubai. A bad choice in hotel can either make or break your holiday and without a doubt the Majestic Towers Hotel and its extra helpful and friendly staff made our stay in Dubai a memorable one and we will most certainly stay there again on our next visit to Dubai!	
Jun 6 2009 	Awesome Hotel	Stayed at the Majestic Hotel for 5 days and was very impressed with the staff...from the minute I steped into the lobby till the minute I left. First class. Great food...really like the relax feeling in the sports bar. Booked a few trips through the hotel and was very pleased with both trips and the way the hotel staff handled my requests. Would I stay there again...you bet.	
May 4 2009 	Majestic - Real value for money	I always thought that Majestic Hotel was just an ordinary hotel like a lot of them in its vicinity. However my perception changed as I stayed in the hotel. - First really good impression, the guys at the reception - Chester &amp; Roshan, checked us in early in the morning and more suprisingly gave us an upgrade to its deluxe suites. Wow!...that was something nice to start are stay with.- Naushad from Belldesk, amazing personality...always a smile and willing to help.- The room service menu not that elaborate however very well priced.- Housekeeping very good at thier work, however their grooming and uniform could be much better.- Amazing views of the city from the huge balcony.- The standout service of the entire stay was undoubtedly the F&amp;B outlets, namely Tirquaz for breakfast and Elia for dinner.The breakfast at Tirquaz had everything you wanted. We tried Elia - the greek restaurant for dinner and the service was absolutely mind-blowing. The service by the girl's (don't remember thier names), was simply outstanding. The food and it's presentation excellent and very peaceful ambiance. I think the management under-rates this restaurant and it should advertise a bit about this restaurant in Dubai. - The only place which was a bit slack in its service was at the pool. The guys around the pool really looked disinterested probably because of bad weather conditions prevailing and also had to wait for a long time to get our drinks bill.Otherwise a good weekend spend at the Majestic Dubai - its really worth, real value for money.------------------------------- RS	
Mar 17 2009 	Great breakfast great service	Had a great stay. Everyone was so nice and helpful. Some areas apparently have been recently renovated. Fantastic value. Not to mention the view from my room was absolutely amazing. Only disadvantage is the hotel shuttle bus to the beach is not daily.	
Feb 28 2009 	Cool stuff	We have spent our well deserved holiday in Majestic, and it was very relaxing.. we feel renewned again. The staff was helpfull and friendly, the food was perfect and the poolside had many plants and birds which we liked a lot. We will definetly come back.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great value clean comfortable hotel!	I had an enjoyable stay. The rooms were spacious and tasteful and more importantly very clean. Great bathroom with a huge tub. I had a breathtaking view of the skyscrapers of downtown Dubai. The staff was professional but friendly - I got to check into my room early at no extra charge. Breakfast had a good international selection of items, very fresh and in a nice dining area overlooking the pool. Given the nice weather, I could walk to nearby shopping areas. The Greek restaurant of the hotel is exceptional. Room service was not bad. I used the sauna/steam room and also checked out the Music Room with live music which was fun. All in all, I found this hotel a good deal.	
Feb 22 2009 	Average hotel	The rooms are clean and reasonably furnished, I could not get a hot shower bespite asking for the shower to be fixed, my colleague staying on the same floor could not get anything but a red hot shower, go figure!The area leave a little to be desired at night, it is certainly not where I would want to stay on holiday.The pool area is small, the gym is ok but small, breakfast was reasonable and the Greek restaurant very good. There are a couple of bars, a sports bar that was empty most nights, a bar on the ground floor which was very smokey and a music bar with alive band each night which was accessed from outside the hotel.	
Feb 13 2009 	Never stay here - beware!	The hotel is nice enough but the staff are completely incompetent. I am still waiting for them to refund the AED10000 visa deposit that they took from me over a month after I left the country. I have no idea whether I will ever get it back and now the credit card company is about to charge me a massive interest charge due to the Majestic's incompetenece (or fraudulent behaviour)Our experience with the staff here is never to be repeated so I would recommend steering well clear of this hotel	
Nov 22 2008 	If there is a chance to mess up the Majestic will.	New hotel with nice rooms. Most of the staff however, have no idea of how hotels are supposed to function.We booked three rooms with an extra bed in each. I spent my whole evening trying to get the extra beds in place before the children fell asleep. Nothing had been fixed before we got to the hotel. Nothing happened after we had told the reception about the extra beds and returned from sightseeing. Nothing happened when we returned to our rooms in the evening and expected the beds to be there.After leaving the hotel for a short trip to Oman we discovered a missing teddybear. We had all sorts of trouble getting it back when we returned to Dubai a few days later.... Very strange hotel.	
Nov 12 2008 	Best deal for the buck.....	Simply a great stay......the staff was very friendly and accommodating; they took care of my collateral material ahead of schedule in order for me to be ready for GITEX trade show October 19th to the 23rd...and the boxes where ready at the time of check out.Thank you, May, the front desk staff and all the bell crew, you are fantastic and helped me forget that I was there to work!Joseph FischerUSA	
Nov 3 2008 	Very Nice Room terrible food	Lets start off with the good. I stayed in a deluxe room. The room was very nice, it was huge, very well decorated, clean and had an amazing view of he Dubai bussiness district. The bathroom had a soaker tub, and shower. Now the bad. This is a fairly large hotel, but only has two elevators, so you wind up waiting a very long time fro an elevator. Although the hotel has two bars, and two restaurants, and room service, the food quality is terrible. The food is very processed, tasteless and just not very good in general. Overall though I'd say that, considering the very low cost of a room, I think it worked out to about a hundred and twenty $us a nigh, this hotel is a very good value, I would just reccomend eating somewhere else.	
Oct 27 2008 	One to avoid....	Like to many Dubai Hotels, there is lots of bling, but very little heart. In the case of the Majestic there was also ample evidence of incompetent management. They just never responded to any e-mail requests which left me almost not being able to do the work I needed to do in Dubai since they just never arranged a visa. Then, despite 3 e-mails giving my flight number, time of arrival etc. they just did not send anyone to pick me up at the airport. After an overnight flight I was left standing in the arrivals hall from 5AM until almost 7AM, three phonecalls from me and one from the helpful travel counter eventually resulted in someone coming to fetch me. On the way back I had to direct the driver to the new Terminal 3 at Dubai airport. (The driver insisted in dropping me off at the Royal Terminal, which I unfortunately don't qualify for :-) ) I guess Dubai is about as far removed from a hospitality industry where the owner acutally cares as you can get. I don't expect much in the way of care from underpaid expats, but the Majestic takes the cake. Pretty nice Greek restaurant though, if you like very pricey meals. In general another &quot;capital investment&quot; rather than a hotel with heart.	
Oct 18 2008 	Excellent for the price.	Stayed for five nights and have to stay thought the hotel was v. good. Live music from two bands in the music bar each night. Amazing greek restaurant on another floor. Sports bars on another floor. Rooms modern with wired and wireless internet connections. Free valet parking. Would definately stop there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed with husband for a couple of nights en route to Thailand.Lovely spacious room. We arrived really early and were upgraded to a superior room as ours wasn;t ready. HUGE round sunken bath took ages to fill though. Nice sitting area with sofas and huge warrdrobes and dressing area. Nice enough breakfast but to be honest nothing special if I'm honest.Location was OK although the 10 minute walk to the bus stop for the bus tour wasn't quite 10 minutes given the blistering heat. Cabs are cheap enough to over come this though. Its cheaper for petrol in Dubai than water Mr Brown!!!Pool area was relaxing.Tour lady was very helpful even though we booked a tour and then made her cancel it as we spotted the REAL dune buggies in a leaflet that dropped out of her folder! An amazing trip to take tha you drive the dune buggies (not quads) having been picked up in a hummer.Dinner at the top of the Emerates tower was amazing, fantastic views. Cheapest wine on the massive wine list was £50 though!!!	
Aug 6 2008	Good Mid Range Business Hotel	I did not choose to stay at this hotel. It was chosen for me by our business partners in Dubai.First thing to say is that this is a medium sized four star property that has no five (or six as we are in Dubai) star pretensions.Good things about the hotel? Well it has clean rooms, the staff are friendly and it has a great Greek restaurant, Elia. It is conveniently placed for the airport and for the old part of Dubai but is some distance from the razzamataz of Jumeirah and Jebel Ali.There is a club-like 'Music Room' adjoining the hotel but the Philippino band that were playing were so dreadful I couldn't stay to enjoy what seemed to be a decent atmosphere. Give The Rockspiders a miss!Breakfast was greatI was disappointed by the following things:The Health Club! This does not deserve the title Health Club. There are no resistance machines, the cardiac machines are just two rudimentary bikes and a walker; tye free weights /bench press are downright dangerous and would never pass any health and safety inspection. I have never seen a more ramshackle set.The Shopping galleria - 'so called'. I couldn't find it. All I could find was a number of empty units and a hairdressing salon.The lifts that take forever to arrive.If you don't care about gyms or shops and like hanging around in lift lobbies this is a perfectly adequate and well priced option not too far from the centre of town.g	
Jul 16 2008 	Check your statement	this is a greek hotel that does not live up to the arabic hospitality and good service that you find all over Dubai its a baic highrise hotel but in a good location clean rooms and cheap ( or thats what i thought ) on my return home i found that they had charged 500AED to my account that should have read temporary block and been released within 15 days the return of my money is going to be a pain to sort out but i am glad that it was my credit card and not my debit that i used when we checked in so if you have stayed here i would take a scond look at your statement	
Jun 14 2008 	Quite impressive	I stayed at the Majestic for 3 nights and was impressed with the whole package. It isn't a 5 star, but they don't claim to be. It's in a great location if you want to explore the city by foot. The staff were fantastic and very professional. Great bars within the hotel. Only downside, the depth of the pool! But overall had a great time.	
Jun 10 2008	Beware of the Majestic Hotel	Stayed at the Majestic recently for 3 nights and I have to say it was terrible. The building was originally designed as apartments which is why the public areas and amenities are so small. Breakfast was a disaster every morning, the food in general was very poor quality. The worst aspect of the hotel is its willingness to allow the 'ladies of the night' to operate in the bar on the ground floor. After 11pm each night the place was awash with hookers. The Indian Management seemed to be turning a blind eye. Stay well away unless you like that sort of thing.	
May 11 2008	what makes a great hotel is the staff	there is little I can add to the recent reviews other than to add that the hotel is good value for money and the crew running the hotel were freindly efficient and more than happy to help. I arrived early int he morning and even though my room wasnt ready the receptionist did a great job in getting me into a room as soon as possible which after a long flight was very much appreciated. For a brief stopover it was a great hotel and I would stay there again.	
May 2 2008 	Great value for a couple of days	We picked this hotel for a 3 night stop over, and it proved ideal for a first visit. The transfer from the airport was painless and short which was a bonus as we arrived in the early hours of the morning. Yes the lifts are a pain - but not that big a deal - im sure improved signage to the stairs would help. The pool is clean and well positioned but if you plan to spend your stay by the pool head to the beach hotels.The rooms and clean modern and a great size. Sound proofing was ideal as I never heard anything from other rooms. Taxis are so cheap that using them becomes 2nd nature. The location of the Majestic was great to explore all aspects of Dubai with no destination further away than 15 mins in a cab. Worth noting to plan you day and avoid trying to travel at rush hour as its not worth the trouble.The Staff were wonderful helping with dinner reservations and ideas of places to go. Its deff worth spending the time to book a table for dinner at the beach hotels.	
Apr 8 2008 	Good value for Dubai	We stayed at The Majestic for 4 days in early March on a stopover. First, it's unfair to try to compare this hotel with, say, one of the Jumeirah chain as it costs a fraction of the price. Some of the negative points raised in previous reviews are correct, namely the lack of lifts meaning lengthy waits or the stairs and that to be sure of a table and good selection for breakfast buffet (included in price) you need to get down there 8/8.30 am, plus pool in sun most of day except early morning.Location not bad for Creek, Wafi City, Karama, but looking at 25-30 mins in taxi to Jumeirah (avoid peak hours as this becomes more than an hour!)Staff were all friendly and helpful. Rooms fairly spacious, well equipped and kept very clean. 2 bars in the hotel. 'Barrels'sports bar good (obviously) for sport with loads of pasmas and sofas with their own screens so you can select what you want to watch. Karaoke bar a bit dead but got cheap all-inclusive food &amp; drink deals. Didn't eat in bars as I reckon they do drink better so I leave food to restaurants - Greek restaurant in hotel very good and good dining at neighbouring hotels also.Good place to stay for a few days, good value for money, just be prepared to take cabs a lot.	
Apr 6 2008 	Reasonable for the price	I felt this hotel was very good value for money, we had a spacious room which was always spotlessly clean and well stocked.The pool could be a little bigger but was well placed and the staff around the area were very attentive. The guys who order the taxis/valet men are very friendly and heplful.My big complaint with this hotel would be the food/cocktails - I didnt try the Greek restaurant which has apparently won awards but I did order room service, meals near the pool and in Barrels the sports bar. I felt the choices were very limited and what there was wasn't very good quality. We found ourselves walki ng to the nearby Sheraton at times to get better food. Also the cocktails served around the pool and at Barrels are not very good, especially when you have tasted those at the Hilton! This was a major down side for us as we love to drink cocktails around the pool.Overall I would say this is an okay hotel especially if you are on a budget but personally I would rather pay the extra and stay in a Jumeirah hotel such as the Hilton.	
Mar 20 2008 	Loved the view	Ok hotel in the old part of Dubai. Miles away from beaches and modern part of Dubai. Can recommeded for people,who like be in touch with the city, but dont' want to be in the middle of building sites. Went to Dubai for hols and could not pay E 400/per night in one of the beach resorts. This hotel is less than E 200 a night, with great service and big rooms. It's just far away to anywhere from here .-) But the pool is nice and the Olio restaurant beautifull. Stuff is very helpfull,decent and polite.	
Feb 18 2008 	Average Hotel / City Location	We stayed at the Majestic Hotel on a two day stop-over. We chose the hotel as we wanted to be in Dubai city and not on the beach. Hotel was very average but clean, friendly staff and good location for Creek (10 minute walk). The breakfast was very good although items often ran out and were not replaced very quickly. Tried the sports bar at the hotel and found it to be soul-less. I would use the hotel again but may try something else first.	
Feb 16 2008 	Ideal Location with comfort!!	Although our stay at the hotel was short it was quite a good experience. Staff are very helpful, rooms are great and the location of the hotel is ideal.Additionally there is a wonderful authentic Greek restaurant called Eliya( spelling could be wrong).The bed was really comfortable and the room was clean and smelled great. If you can try and stay at the top floors as you get a great city view in the morning.All in all I would definitely stay at the Majestic again.	
Feb 13 2008	horrible	Horrible experience. You smell food everyday after breakfast due to lack of an appropriate ventilation system in the breakfast room. Regardless, cook still keeps cooking certain meals in the breakfast room and the smoke covers the whole room.Two elevators of the hotel are not sufficient. Waste lots of time waiting for elevators.Noise isolation of the rooms is poor. You can hear your neighbour taking shower.Hotel staff does not know their responsibilities. Hotel book says there is shoe shine, the staff says hotel does not provide this service	
Feb 12 2008 	Never again	OK, it was a big fair. But there werde big problems to get into the elevator and you smell like food every morning after breakfast. Breakfast room is far too small when people come alltogether!But still it was a nice and clean room and Bathroom OK. Very good shuttle to the convention center.	
Jan 15 2008	Nice place to stay	The Majestic Hotel is a really nice place to stay with a reasonable price to pay. The rooms and hotel is very clean. The bathrooms are nice and clean also. The staff is very friendly and willing to help you. The location is great also you are near Meena Bazar and the Gold Souk. Overall I was pleased with my stay in December 2007.	
Jan 12 2008 	Majestic occasionally....	A combination of rude guests, poor service at breakfast and the worst lifts we have ever experienced meant that the Majestic left us slightly disappointed. Perhaps staying over the New Years Eve period led to service levels being poorer than usual, however we refused to let this spoil what was otherwise a fantastic stay in DubaiIf you stay in this hotel be prepared to have to rely on sometimes expensive taxis to be able to get anywhere. We tried walking to the beach one day and struggled to find pavements to walk on due to all of the building work.	
Jan 12 2008 	Good hotel reasonably priced	We spent 10 days in Majestic and overall experience is very good. The hotel is clean, nicely decorated, staff helpful, although the reception guys can be very slow. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable (especially beds!), with big bathrooms, coffee making facility...The only downside to the room is that you cannot open the balcony door and beside the a/c you cannot get any fresh air in the room.Breakfast is so-so, at first it seems you have plenty of choices, but after a few days you realize that every single day you eat the same. It happens often that there is no juice or bread or coffee cups - the restaurant staff is not used to having too many people at the same time in the brekfast room.Pool is small and always in shade - but Jumeirah is close so it's not a problem.Hotel area is ok, plenty of other hotels around, pharmacy, supermarketand shopping malls in vicinity (Burjman mall is some 15 minutes walk which is very convenient when you cannot find a taxi in the evening). Speaking of taxis, beware when you ask the hotel staff to call you a taxi - if you do not insist on regular (metered) one, you wil end up in a regular car and the driver will charge you at least double the amount you would pay normally.Overall, hotel is good, I would go back.	
Jan 11 2008	Charlie at the Majestic is SOOOOO helpful and professional	the majestic hotel is very clean and well organized, except for the cigarette smoke in the lobby.......not a fabulous gym. it only has 3 or 4 machines so its VERY basic....also, they have no steam room, or at least if they do it wasnt working. they do have a dry sauna, but didnt use it, so cant comment on it, pool area is very nice, great for a little people watching ..........breakfast is very good and the staff very efficient and professional.......beside the smoking in the lobby, this hotel is very very clean...........a front desk employee, Charlie, was extremely helpful in his knowledge of the city and arranging accomodation for our day trips. he's definately an asset to the hotel as he makes it easy to understand about the city/tours/bar lounges, etc and seemed sincerely happy to help....thank u charlie!!	
Dec 10 2007 	A great hotel	Stayed here for 6 nights, and found it was a brilliant hotel. The staff were incredibly friendly, without hanging around expecting a tip.The location is great - you can walk to Bastakaya, the museum, the creek, and get an Abra over to Deira. Plenty of other hotels nearby, if you fancy something different to eating in the majestic, although the food there was great. Breakfast choice was amazing, and we never once ate lunch as we were still to full after breakfast.The hotel does a bus to a different place each day, either a mall or beach. We got the bus to Mall of the Emirates and then took a taxi to Wild Wadi. We didn't get the hotel bus home, as it returns at 1pm, but the return taxi from the Mall of the Emirates to the Majestic was only 37AED - and that's for a 30 minute/20KM journey!Only two negatives: the pick up at the airport didn't turn up, but to be honest it's as easy to just jump in a taxi. And the pool, although lovely, is freezing - the heater is broken and they really need to get it fixed!	
Dec 4 2007 	stay in dubai - no problems	the stay in majestic is smooth, no hiccups, no surprises. clean, neat place, with a very good breakfast and near to most places.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good location for a stopover	We stayed at the Majestic for three nights in November 2007. The hotel is very clean, rooms are adequately equipped, beds are comfortable and the staff are very helpful and friendly. We emailed ahead and asked for the hotel to supply us with a transfer from the airport. This was good value and cheaper than getting a taxi-as we found out on the way back! There is a pool, but due to the height of the surrounding buildings it is quite shaded with only a small area getting any sun at any one time. Not conducive to a good sun tanning session. A nice pool however, although a little lacking in sun beds. Check in was straight forward and we were able to get into our room at 12.00 midday. The first morning we were there we went to breakfast at around 10am. We were unable to get a seat/table as it was packed. There was no queuing system and we ended up going without even though it was included in our room rate. The second morning we got up earlier and were able to get a table. Breakfast was a good selection of all the usual items on a self service buffet. The hotel itself is 10/15 minutes drive from the airport. It takes about 30 minutes to get to the beach and the only transport option is a taxi. This cost between 50-70 UAE dirhams each way. There is a hotel shuttle once per day to the beach or other areas of interest - it leaves the hotel at 10am and returns at 1.00pm and only goes to one place per day. Jumeirah Beach Park is a good option, nice beach and clear sea. Very clean and nicely landscaped park area. Wafi Pyramids are in fairly close proximity to the hotel (you'll need a taxi though) and a really good option for a few restaurant choices. Try Asha's-well worth a visit. See separate review for our dinner at the Burj Al Arab.	
Nov 11 2007 	Outstanding!	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while on route back to Australia, and have to admit, I was thoroughly impressed.Arrived at the hotel at about 3am, after a long flight from Rome, only to be told that they were booked out of standard rooms, one of which I had reserved some several months in advance. However, rather than be turned away, I was promptly upgraded to a deluxe room, at no extra charge.The room itself was great. Very spacious with a pleasant decor, and came complete with tea / coffee making facilities, complimentary bottles of drinking water, and a king size bed. The bathroom also, was very well laid out, and had a massive bath. The 10th floor offered views over the nearby Dhow Palace, and the picturesque skyline of Dubai's city center.The hotel overall was a pleasant experience. Staff everywhere were prompt, polite, and all spoke English. Bellmen were only too keen to help with luggage and shopping, and doormen were efficient in hailing a cab, plus helping you figure out where you wanted to go. I did not stay long enough to experience the restaurants or breakfast, however room service was prompt, with great meals for like $10 - 15 AUD. The bar just off the lobby (I thought) was a bit small, but offered a wide range of drinks and hot snacks. The crowd in here was quite jovial, with a mix of locals, English, Americans, and fellow Aussies. There were a couple of big TVs, one seemed to show only soccer, on the other I got to watch us play India in one day cricket. There were also several computers with broadband internet here, which (apparently) you have to buy a drink to use, but are otherwise free.I chose this hotel because of the price, not it's location. Make no mistake: If you want to stay near the beach, or Mall of Emirates, this is not the hotel for you. It literally took 20 - 40 minutes to reach both of these locations from the Majestic, and longer on the way back. Thankfully taxis are so affordable.The were only a couple of downsides to this hotel.Firstly, the air conditioning seemed to be permanently set to &quot;meat fridge&quot;. My Oakleys would literally frost over every time I walked in or out of the front door. After a while it became quite uncomforatble.Secondly, the exchange rate at the front desk, is quite frankly, a rip off. There, I said it. I only changed small amounts of leftover Euro here, but it was necessary to catch a cab or tip etc.These little things were nothing major, just annoying and detracted from an otherwise pleasant stay.Overall I thought this was a great hotel. Affordable and comfortable, with friendly staff. I would definately stay here again, and hope my comments have been helpful.	
Nov 4 2007 	Traffic makes it too far from the beach	Our first impressions of the The Majestic Tower hotel were great. Clean, nicely decorated, large rooms and friendly staff. It is an ideal place to stay if you want to explore Bur Dubai and the old town. However because we wanted to spend a week on the beach we ended up having to take taxi's to all the beach resorts. Not too far on the map but rush hour in Dubai means you can be sat in traffic for up to an hour.....Taxi's are cheap but still, this was valuable tanning time!Once you reach hotels along Jumeriah Beach you realise that in the scheme of things in dubai, Majestic Towers really is quite a modest hotel.	
Oct 26 2007 	Hardly Majestic	I've stayed at the Majestic twice in two months, and was reluctant to write a review until seeing the operation over time.The rooms themselves are nice-well decorated and clean. The bathrooms equally clean. The lobby is always active, if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke you may have an issue-many europeans stay there and smoke in the lobby...so beware. You will usually wait for an elevator, there are only two for 24 floors. Get the breakfast option, it is buffet style and very nice-enough choices that it won't become rutine over a few days. The pub in the lobby has four computers that allow you to acess the internet for email-sometimes they will ask you to buy a drink to use during busy times. Bellmen are very good, they hustle for you, and are grateful for a couple of dhs tip.By far the worst of this hotel are the front desk staff. My first stay at this hotel I waited over two hours for a room, they claimed none were clean and kept promising &quot;ready in 30 mins.&quot; My second stay I was assigned a smoking room even though I require a non-smoking, and after one night I was given a better room (nice) but it had a thermostat that was stuck on full cold and you could hear water running from the floors above occasionally. Any complaints given to the staff are usually dismissed by a lack of understanding of English. You get what you pay for. I can't advise you to stay away but don't expect 5 stars!	
Oct 17 2007 	3 nights for the price of one!!	We booked through [--] as we found the cheapest rate there incl. taxes and breakfast and we booked from the 22- 25th of Sept - bang in centre of Ramadan´for our stopover to Oz. We booked the Majestic mainly because of the location in the city and the price was excellent for what we could see from the photos. We booked a deluxe room for an extra few euros per night and it was worth it. Apart from our flight being delayed and the ordered pick up not being there to collect us when we arrived we thoroughly enjoyed our 3 day stay. We had an early check in (6am ) which was accomodated with a smile, all the staff were extremely friendly and our room (on the 22 floor) had fab views over the city and was really very comfortable, spacious and the bath tub was huge (although not a jacuzzi unfortunately)The pool was small but not cold as previously reviewed, and during the hottest hours it was partly shaded by the tall building beside the hotel. The breakfast buffet was great and the menu changed every day to allow for something slightly different. The evening buffet was quite good too, but nothing out of the ordinary, The pub did not serve alcohol until after 7pm (as was Ramadan) but was thronged with people enjoying the cricket matches and staff catered for everyone as there were tvs for those who prefered to watch the footie instead. I had a massage (or two) at the salon which was needed and very reasonably priced and the husband treated himself to a good cut-throat shave.The best thing though was that a copy of Time Out Dubai was placed beside the bed informing us of other places to go and eat out during Ramadan... which we did - on our savings at this 4 star during the holy period we treated ourselves to an evening of dinner and drinks at the 7 star Burj Al Arab !! (and that was also heavily discounted during Ramadan) We also took advantage of the free shuttle buses to the beach from the hotel - as it was Ramadan (sounding like a broken record I know but..) we practically had the beach to ourselves. We would definitely stay at the majestic again but only at the price we got it for .... 3 nights for the price of one outside of... yup... Ramadan ; )	
Sep 25 2007	Fantastic service	I have just come back from spending two wonderful days in Dubai in late August.I stayed at the Majestic in Dubai and gladly recommend this hotel. The staff are friendly and treat you like royalty. On arriving back from shopping or an outing the staff greet you and carry any bags you might have up to your room for you . The Restaurant meals are great and there is a good selection to choose from. Also the rooms are a good size and very clean and nicely furnished .If I am lucky enough to return to Dubai in the future I will be staying at the Majestic.	
Jun 14 2007 	Lovely Hotel	I stayed at the Majestic on Mankhool Road from the 29th of March of this year (2007) upto the 31st, before departing for Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania. I must say that I was very impressed with the hotel. It isn't big but very nice indeed. As everyone else has said, the staff were extremely polite and helpful. I had absolutely no problems at all. The location is great as well. There are several supermarkets (grocery stores for you Americans) nearby (within 7 mins walking distance), restaurants, other hotels, and one of Dubai big shopping malls, Burjuman Mall, is about 25 mins walk (or 3 mins by car). Breakfast was tasty as well. They also had a pork section for those of us who consume pork products.To sum up, this is a hotel that everyone will enjoy staying at. Reasonable price. Great location. Friendly staff. What more can you ask for ? I will definately stay there again.	
Jun 4 2007 	Early Check In Appreciated	We stayed at the Majestic for two nights in April and had a very enjoyable stay.We arrived at the hotel around 7am from Sydney, Australia after a 14 hour flight and greatly appreciated being allowed to check into our room around 8.30am at no extra charge.The buffet breakfast was good, the room very comfortable and taxis were easy to get to nearby attractions.	
Apr 17 2007 	A great value for the money!	I booked this hotel on the internet through a dubai based travel agent (Asia Travel and Tours). I got a great rate on a family suite and it was very easy to book online. I arrived seperately from the rest of my family and the hotel was so kind and sent a free shuttle to collect me and a seperate shuttle to collect my family from the airport several hours later. The staff was prompt and curteous. Our room was AWESOME! A full living room, king size bed (which I never wanted to get out of cause it was so comfy!!) nice bathroom, seperate full kitchen, and 2 balconies. The breakfast was superb (and free!). Good live music at night too. The hotel is not the most central location, but getting taxis to and from places of interest wasn't hard. On the plus side, the location is away from the construction areas around most of Dubai so you won't be disturbed by the noise I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are on a romantic holiday, but as a business traveler or tourist it would work just fine. Dubai is an amazing place, I can't wait to go back.	
Mar 18 2007	Fantastic Staff	I was travelling through Dubai and got stuck there for a few nights. The place was busy so it was hard to find a hotel. Found the Majestic on the net and booked into the hotel.I arrived at 3am very tired and just wanting to get to bed. The staff could not have been more helpfull. I stayed in a DL room which was great. It was clean and tidy and I thought very nicely decorated.The food at breakfast was wonderfull as was the meal in the evening. The Bars in the hotel were great and offered a mix of entertainment from the quiet guitar to the rock band in the club downstairs. ( I must say that the guitarist in the band was out of this world and should have been with a top knotch rock band)You must do the Desert Safari, it is great. Ne sun really made our trip, he was fantastic and really made the adventure. Very good value for money.All is all it was a great few days, the hotel is very nice and you could not ask for more. Yes the pool is cold but everything else is very good, especially the staff who made you feel like family.Thanks teamBrett AMOS	
Mar 8 2007 	OK Hotel	Well it's not 5 star like the Hitlon, Sheraton or Dhow (next door), but its like I say OK. There's not alot to complain about, but not alot to cheer about.The rooms are small, the internet is expensive, the gym is small and not equiped well and the pool is VERY cold.The sports bar is good, the location is OK.If you get a deal (I did 500DHS), go for it, but the place isn't romantic!	
Jan 15 2007 	Nice hotel	I stayed at this hotel while on a business trip. The hotel was very clean and had all the facilities that you would expect. The food was very nice and the service offered by the staff was excellent. The rooms were clean and tidy and had everything you would expect. However, the hotel is not located in the best of areas, but access to the centre of Dubai was easy. A good location/hotel for business use, but maybe not for a vacation.	
Dec 27 2006 	I can recommend this hotel	We booked an 8 day stay at the Majestic Hotel for its central location and good range of advertised amenities and activities. We contacted the hotel in advance and spoke with the Manager as we read on this website that a previous customer was dissatisfied with his recent stay at this hotel, it was pleasing to be assured the hotel’s niggling problems had been remedied, as with all new buildings there are always going to be some snags and operational difficulties.Upon arrival and check-in at the Majestic the service was excellent, the baggage was transferred directly to the room, check-in was quick and trouble free.On entering the room we were welcomed by a large bowl of fresh fruit, this was most welcome, the room was found to be very modern with most things to ensure a good stay, the air conditioning was running and extremely quiet, the controls were easily adjustable user friendly. We did however encounter a problem with getting all the advertised TV channels, within 5 minutes off calling the hotel reception an engineer arrived to sort this out. Although a kettle is supplied in the room as standard practice but there were no cups etc, again we contacted reception and within minutes these were delivered to the room. We found the lifts to be speedy, fault free and apart from breakfast times the wait was normally minimal, at very busy times the demand is such that you might have to wait for a minute as the lifts appear to stop on every floor, this I found was down to incorrect use by hotel guests, instead of just pressing the button for the direction they wished to travel they would push both up &amp; down buttons, this delayed the lifts operation as it stopped unnecessarily at empty floors.We used the ground floor Breezers bar on numerous occasions and found it to be excellent, the staff were always welcoming, there is an happy hour which reduces the drinks prices greatly, there are 3x internet pc in a quiet section which we could access our emails and internet, this service was free providing your purchased a drink from the bar, as there were 3 pc’s we always managed to get on one without a wait.There is 24hrs security in the lobby, the security staff were always polite and friendly, they would call the lift if they see you coming and always wish you a pleasant evening/morning.The swimming pool in nicely laid out, however, the water is far too cold and was pretty much unused, on two occasions people got in but got out again immediately, to enjoy the use of the pool the water temperature must be increased. There are a very limited number of sun loungers, 8 in total, although we always managed to get one I think at busy times there will be a problem. Due to the layout of surrounding buildings you need to move your sun lounger on numerous occasions chancing the sunning parts of the sun deck, although there is building works taking place next to the hotel this failed to cause us any problems. Unfortunately there is no music around the pool area, this is something that would have been nice.The breakfast menu is vast and plentiful with a wide selection of hot and cold foods which change daily. We have trouble getting the waiters eye to get tea/coffee refills on several occasions, they were more engrossed with clearing and wiping down tables, the breakfast receptionist was extremely polite and welcoming, a pleasant way to start the day.The ‘free’ excursions laid on using the hotel’s own transport was changed daily with free drop-offs and collections from different attractions.On an overall ranking we rated our stay at this hotel as 9/10, apart for a couple of annoying niggles listed above we had a great stay, the hotel is ideally located for all attraction and restaurants, the gold souks and creek area are a short 15 min walk and 5 minute amusing boat trip. We would certainly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure purposesA big thanks to all the staff and management at the Majestic HotelPeter Belli &amp; Linda Curley	
Dec 7 2006 	Getting there	For a hotel that has been opened a little over 6 months, it may still have some teething problems - Service at times could be a bit better, and getting hold of a taxi can be a bit of a pain at times.For the rest however, the hotel-staff are very friendly and helpfull.The rooms are spacious enough, but check if you're AC is working when you arrive - if not they'll come and fix it quickly.Liked this hotel a lot, and can only hope that they'll get over there small outstanding issues.	
Nov 8 2006 	Teething trouble?	Reviewer from Beckenham, Kent, England.My partner and I stayed at the Majestic Hotel for 4 nights between October 27th and October 31st. The hotel is described as a 4 star deluxe so or the price we were quoted we thought his was pretty reasonable.On an overnight flight from Manila we arrived at the hotel about 7am and were told that we’d have to wait until 12 for check in. Fair enough. We were then told we could check in at 9 for which we were grateful then surprisingly at about 8 we were told our room was ready. Great service we thought.We’d booked a deluxe room which was on the face of it very nice with an amazing circular bath, plenty of hanging/storage space, TV, safe, Kettle – though no cups or beverages, mini bar – which was empty for the first two days then only half stocked and without price list, a balcony – which was locked and no key was available, air conditioning which noisily clicked on and off during the night. We thought we’d have a look around the facilities of the hotel, which boasted a gym/spa, hair salon, souvenir shops and outdoor pool. The gym was the most sparse I’d ever seen hopefully more equipment will be purchased, the spa – a cold sauna and cold steam room with one shower, the hair salon, though in place was not yet opened and I could not find a single shop!?! The outdoor pool, yes it was outside but that was it - a pool a few sun loungers and nothing else absolutely no atmosphere no music no bar no shower for you to use before getting in the pool no towels! Ok we thought it’s only been open two months things may improve. My partner went to use the business centre to be told that it had been moved, when he finally tracked it down it wasn’t ready.The book you get in your room re Guest Services boasted 5 English channels 1-5 and an English radio station 19, channels 2 and 4 were the same channel as were 3 and 5, and the English radio station is 21.The Guest books also boasts ‘Courtesy Airport Transfer’ we tried to book this with the receptionist Cherry, she said that she would get back to us by putting a note under our door. When we came back from our day out there was no note. So on our way out for the evening we asked again, a different receptionist this time. There was no record of us ever requesting an airport pick up. Also in spite of the guest book stating that the service was a ‘courtesy ‘ transfer this is not in fact free and is only offered to those in suites, an important fact the book omits methinks. When we questioned the meaning of courtesy the manager on duty informed us that it doesn’t mean free when used in this context but means a gesture as and when they want to offer it to whomever they please! We suggested they take this out of the guest book.The hotel is fairly big with 24 floors and approx 10 rooms per floor and there are only 2 lifts. There was always a queue for the lift especially as you can imagine the evening one lift was closed for refurbishment and some new guests had just arrived.Monday 30th am we had no water for at least 4 hours. I had just shampooed my hair and hadn’t had a chance to wash it out by the time the tap had run dry. My partner called reception – they claimed to know nothing about this. He called again and spoke to someone else, explained the situation to be told by the clerk on duty said that there is water in the pool! Did she expect me to go wash my hair in the pool? The third call resulted in being told that they would send maintenance up to our room – no one came, we called again to be told that no one else had reported this problem. I called the alleged 24-hour duty manager to be greeted by an answer phone message. I then spoke to the guy in the gym to ask if there was water on that floor and could I rinse my hair out in the showers there. He kindly agreed to this. A porter we met in the hallway on the way to the gym confirmed that there was a problem with the water and assured us that it would be fixed soon.When we mentioned the water situation to the Manager on duty 30th October he was unaware of any problems regarding the water and nothing, absolutely nothing had been logged in the incident book!Apart from the smelly drains in the bathroom and loose tap, the strong smell of cigarette smoke in the foyer and the fact that our room wasn’t cleaned on one day everything else was fine.Breakfast was ok, the Sports Bar barrels is exceptional as is the Breathers the lounge Bar with free Internet service providing you buy a drink. The porters are pleasant and friendly and Dubai is a fantastic place to visit. But may I suggest you try somewhere else to stay or at least give this hotel a few months to sort out the teething problems.	
Jul 26 2009	DUBAI - HOTEL MAJESTIC		
Apr 19 2009	Preiswertes Hotel mit vollkommen ausreichender Qualität		
Feb 26 2009 	Brutta posizione personale cortese		
Jan 14 2009 	Confortable 		
Mar 18 2008 	Hotel tres pratique pour la ville		
Mar 15 2008 	War OK		
