Apr 18 2007 	good clean hotel	myself and my husband booked this hotel through Expedia. we knew it was self-catering proior to booking it. On arrival, there were 2 supermarkets literally across the road so it made it easy to get supplies. the staff were so friendly, my husband forgot his mobile phone charger and one of the staff let us borrow his for the entire week we were there.the staff were helpful, polite and very knowledgable about the surrounding areas.i would certainly stay here again as it is literally 10 mins walk from the Gold Souk and from the dhow river taxis	
Apr 18 2007 	I stayed for a whopping 10 minutes!	I stayed at the Sheraton Deira in Dubai on 4/11-4/13 over the weekend with my hubby. (It was lovely.) I had to fly back to Dubai the 15th, but this time I went by myself (I just flew in last night). I booked my flight and hotel through Expedia and since it was only going to be a short visit, I didn't bother checking into hotels, I just booked the cheapest one. I figured a &quot;hotel&quot; with the Le Meridien name attached should be lovely... WRONG! The cab driver from the airport to the hotel, had never heard of the hotel and didn't know where to find it. After driving around for almost an hour in the busy traffic through the city in a not-so-clean or friendly neighborhood, we finally pulled down a dark dingy alley where we reached the front door of this &quot;hotel&quot;. While the doorman and gentleman at the front desk were very friendly and tried their best to make me feel comfortable... it was impossible to do because I was already upset about driving around trying to locate the place and found there was heavy traffic and construction work being done in the streets right outside. I tried to stay positive but when I got to my room I almost wept because all the furniture was old and run down. The walls had marks and different color stains on them and the kitchen utensils provided in the studio apartment were all used and dirty. The walls were paper-thin and I could hear everything that was going on, on in the apartments on my floor. It wasn't until I was resting on the bed, trying to relax when I smelled cigarette smoke being blown into my room through the AC vent from my neighbors room! I picked up the phone to call a different hotel and noticed there was cigarette ashes in the cradle of the telephone receiver. I was completely disgusted, packed up and left immediately. This was definitely a lesson for me to never book the cheapest and to ALWAYS do my research FIRST.	
Mar 30 2007 	Surprisingly Good	I didn't expect much of this appartment hotel given its price and location.I was surprised on the upside. Very comfortable with a big bedroom and living room plus ample sized kitchen and bathroom. Kitchen is fully equipped. As I had a seventh floor room I also had a good view across the rooftops of Deira.The hotel is just off Al Nasr Square in Deira, Dubai and this tends to be where the &quot;riff-raff&quot; collects. Nevertheless I'd recommend this to those looking for quality and clean rooms but are on a budget.	
Jan 28 2007 	Cockroaches in room - an awful experience...	I booked this hotel based on Expedia rating it as a 5* property. The building is extremely old and the room I was given had cockroaches in it. Upon discovering these, I was offered another room on a different floor, however I didn't feel that the residence's cleanliness standards were up to scratch in general. This doesn't feel like a Le Meridian property and I was extremely disappointed. After a lot of effort, I was offered to be moved to another apartment block. However the management were unable to get a taxi for 1 hour and I ended up having to walk to the new place. What if I'd needed to get to the airport? The location is pretty horrible - a very old part of Dubai and not recommended for tourists.This doesn't even feel like a 3* establishment - I hope Le Meridien make urgent improvements that are clearly necessary to restore this place to a suitable standard.	
Dec 26 2006	Adequate but lots of space!	This was a strange little hotel... Rooms were large and clean, and it's in a good location in Deira. Lots of traffic, so it's not a short ride from the airport even though it's only 4km away. I'd stay here again, it's decent value for Dubai.	
Nov 29 2006 	by Le Meridien but not at all Meridien	There was no review of this place, so I thought it was new and it said By Le Meridien, so I booked it on Hotel.com. I knew it was a two star, but expected that meant no lobby, no pool, etc. But I never expected that Meridien would put its name on a place with such a terrible bathroom and standard of cleanliness. The staff was very nice, location as expected, but... the bathroom was terrible, the shower was a small shower pan, the shower curtain was too high and wider than the shower, hence no way to avoid flooding the entire floor, not up to anything Meridien should put their name on, even if they did put out the nice little soap, etc. No wonder this place isn't on the Meridien web site. The bedspread was new as shown in the photo, but the telephone was old and too dirty to want to put near your face. Avoid this place, you can do better.	
