Nov 19 2009 	The staff here know nothing about service!!!!	We landed in Dubai at around 2.00am from Nairobi and after waiting for our priority baggage for an hour we finally cleared immigration and customs and got a cab to the Marco Polo. We arrived just after 4.00am gave them our voucher and waited for our room allocation and key. The gentleman, and I use the word loosely, said you can't check in until 2.00pm. I said I am only here for 16 hours so what is the issue. He said your voucher says todays date and that I could still not check in until 2.00pm. I asked him what the occupancy rate was and he said about 50%. I suggested he use his commonsense and allocate us a room as we had been travelling all day and just wanted to sleep and we would not be using the breakfast voucher as would be sleeping through. He became agitated and said this was not possible and that we would have to pay another 550 Dirhams (approx AUD$200) or we would have to go away and come back at 2.00pm! This was supposed to be a 4star hotel and I again suggested he show some sensible management skills but this guy had absolutely no flexibility so I was forced to pay the extra money or have nowhere to stay.The room was very basic with none of the plumbing fixtures fitting or covering the holes in the wall, a great place for vermin to live and breed. The bathroom had been poorly cleaned and the room had a fairly dank smell. Sort of stuff you might expect in a 2 star hotel or backpackers.We packed up at 8.00pm the same day and left. I went to the front counter to pay for the couple of drinks we had from the mimi bar and we were met ther by the manager who wanted to shout us a cup of tea or coffee to apologise for the inconvenience we had been put through. I told him that no amount of tea or coffee would compensate us for what had happened. I told him that we had stayed in many hotels and that his was 3rd rate and would struggle to get any more than 2.5stars anywhere in the world. I also told him that he understood nothing about service or management and that it was easy to understand where his staff got their attitudes from. I also told him that I would write a review for trip advisor and would tell everybody I know of how we had been treated.	
Nov 5 2009	Bar is very nice	I have never been in the hotel but we often go to the bar in the hotel. There is a very decent band. They play very nice and very friendly people. Drinks are at reasonable price and service isnt bad either. Definitely worth to stop by.	
Oct 21 2009 	Stay spoilt by RUDE manager	We stayed for 2 nights as a stopover from Venice to Australia. Our room was clean and large, bathroom small but adequate. It was pretty remote and not within walking distance of anything of interest. The first morning our shower curtain fell down while my friend was in the shower. There were no marks on the tiles whatsoever so it would appear the rod was slightly larger than the opening and had just been wedged there. We told the houseboy who said he would get it fixed but never did. As a result the bathroom was flooded when we took our showers the next morning. When we came down after breakfast for our 7am pick up we were not even allowed to put our luggage into the car until they had checked our room. Time went on and on so I put the luggage out myself. The driver was told not to go and I asked what the problem was as we hadn't used anything from the mini bar. The manager accused us of opening a bottle of water and demanded we pay. I offered to go to the room myself with him to show him we hadn't opened it but he flatly refused and told me to pay. I insisted he check again as I did not take kindly to being accused of stealing or his attitude. After 15 mins I was really cross and insisted he ring the housekeeper in the room again which he did and then I heard him say quietly &quot;it hasn't been opened&quot; into the phone. He hung up and muttered sorry to me but I told him he had insulted and offended me and I did not accept his muttered apology before leaving for the airport.	
Aug 26 2009 	Lifeless!!	This hotel is fine! The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean but very small! I just think it would be a shame to stay in this lifeless hotel that has no wow factor when you are in the capital of fantastic hotels!! There are many restaurants with good choice, the pool is ok, the gym is ok! Everything is just ok and probably will fade into my memory as just a bit lacking!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great service and nice room	I stayed for a few weeks at the Marco Polo and found it very acceptable. They were very busy at that time but were able to help me stay for an extra week. The room was clean and modern, the staff was more than helpful and did everything they could to make my stay a true pleasure. It is located downtown and it was good for my needs as I had to travel to several different areas. I will stay there on my next trip to Dubai. They had several good restaurants as well, good food and the price was reasonable. You can walk to many nice stores and interesting places. I found that it was very safe to walk around day or night.	
Jun 3 2009 	good hotel with all amenities	Nice place to stay in Dubai, good location, nice amenities with big rooms and all facilities. Also has disco.	
Apr 28 2009 	Best food Good Location	I stayed in POLO rooms. This hotel is my favourite in Dubai. Early check in &amp; late check out. The chinese &amp; indian restaurants have authentic taste of food. The rooms &amp; service is worth compared to any other hotel in its class.	
Mar 3 2009 	There is only one problem	We stayed two nights at the Marco Polo as a stop-over on our way to Australia.We arrived around 6 am and were very pleased that our room was ready immediately. The staff was in an amiable way very friendly and we greatly enjoyed the lavish breakfast. Our room on the top floor was spacious, the beds comfortable. On the down side the carpet came off in spots and there were moldy corners in the bathroom. But, this would not have bothered us too much. The real problem was the noise from the disco and the function rooms on the second night which lasted from 23:00 to around 3:00 am. I have never before heard such tremendous noise, even our heavy duty earplugs were of little help.	
Jan 26 2009 	Absolutely HATED IT!	*** I would rate this hotel as a dismal POOR. It is undoubtedly the WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN and I would never stay there again.1. Internet is charged at a full hour rate (AED 10) even for 5 minutes check of an email. The internet area is in a dining area and food can be placed out around you when at the PC.2. Check out efficiency was the worst I have ever encountered. The clerk needed to ring the room service to check the mini-bar while we waited for 20 minutes3. We had ordered and pre-paid for a triple room WHICH WAS NOT PREPARED ON ARRIVAL. After eventually getting one trundle rollaway, which had to be sent back because it was soiled, the second eventually collapsed in the middle of the night. Reception transferred us next morning at 7 am to a room with 3 distinct beds. Then we had to organize for triple toiletries, towels, extra cups, coffee and water.4. The alarm went off at 3:45 am on the first night having been preset by the previous tenants. 5. The Air Conditioning did not work, nor could we open our windows. IT WAS NOT FIXED FOR OUR 5 NIGHT STAY!6. THE LIGHT SWITCH NEXT TO THE DESK HAD EXPOSED COPPER WIRING THROUGH THE TORN INSULATION. This was an extreme electrical safety hazard.7. Breakfast was absolutely boring and repetitive being essentially INDIAN in cuisine. The sitar player each morning was irritating. Scrambled eggs were repeatedly runny and I actually saw chefs handling waffles with their bare hands. Coffee always ran out.11. American Express traveler's cheques are converted at a VERY low rate compared to money exchangers outside.	
Aug 25 2008 	Average	The hotel lobby is decorated in a wonderful Arab style and provides a very pleasant introduction. The rooms are fairly basic, but clean and comfortable. There is a good bar and nice restaurants on site. The location however does not have anything of interest within walking distance.	
May 29 2008 	Not too bad for the price	I only stayed at the Marco Polo for one night while waiting for my friend to arrive on an early morning flight from Australia. I booked at a tourist desk in the airport late at night after my flight from London. I explained that I just needed a single room for one night and to be near the hotel I had booked for my stay with my friend for the following 3 days. It only cost me around £60 and it was close to the airport in a taxi. Upon arrival at reception I was greeted with a glass of fresh juice and a cold towel. The reception staff were very pleasant. I was taken to my room on the top floor and was pleasantly surprised by the room. Not modern decor by any means but clean, comfortable and with a huge bed. The bathroom looked as though it had had a face lift and the shower was great. There was some noise from the bar/disco downstairs but it was not too loud and had stopped by midnight. The next morning I had breakfast which was included in my rate. It was ok but just ok. I have been to a lot better but for the money what can you expect? If you have booked this hotel for a holiday then I think you will have a good stay. It is a good budget option for Dubai and the staff are very pleasant.	
Mar 25 2008 	Comfortable hotel	We stayed for three nights in February and were worried about the noise but were on the opposite side of the hotel to the disco and heard nothing. We really appreciated the jug and mugs in the room for making up tea, something not often thought of in any number of star hotels.There was a lot of variety at breakfast but that was the only meal we ate the hotel. We went out on the street outside to the local Iraqi restaurants for meals.For us the location was really good and we walked to and from the older part of Dubai - ie the gold souk. Yes it can be done with little effort. Of course this was a nice time of year weather wise. But the hotel also runs a bus to the beach and if my recollection serves me right, also to some of the shopping centres like the Mall of the Emirates.The Marco Polo was far superior to the two other hotels we stayed at as we flew in and out of Dubai this year.	
Feb 14 2008 	Not the best choice	I stayed for a weekend in Jan 2008. The hotel is not 4 star, as advertised. It is located close to the airport (15 min), in Deira and as a business hotel is not too bad. Hotel was quite clean, modern and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Several rooms have plumbing problems. However the real problems start when the music starts at around 11pm and ends around 3am. It is too loud, you cannot go to sleep. Breakfast is OK and the tex-mex restaurant is of good quality and service	
Jan 28 2008 	Noisy disaster in Dubai	at first i read on how good the hotel was for a lot of people. Then i read on how bad it was from others. Then i had no choice from my travel agent, and unfortunately we ended up there.Do NOT make that mistake, unless you are deaf, or you are very very lucky and you end up on the top floor. If you have another choice, take your chances with that.hotel has nice people, nice restaurants, adequate bathroom, but for us it was a disaster because:1- we reserved a double-bed, and got 2 single mini beds (i am only 1.73 meters tall, and couldnt fit inside)2- the room from 1030 up until 3 in the morning has so much noise from the below bar/parties/whatever that you cannot sleep, unless you use earbuds3- hot water run out just after a short shower of 7-8 minutes, and next one had to shower in cold water. we did not comfront them with this since we thought it was only for the first time. Then it prooved to be for the whole duration of the stay.4- internet was so slow most of the time i could not use it for work5- the first night we came in at 1am from the airport, the room was not ready (where it should have been from 2PM!), there was no towels, no blankets, aircondition at MAX with freezing temperatures. We were so tired, we ended up trying to sleep with the noise, cold shower, and the works, only to sleep at 5 am and to wake up with a cold 3 hours later.6- the whole 1st floor really smells indian food.the first night disasters were corrected (gradually) in the next 2 days, but still we could not rest, or take a hot shower, which are the only 2 reasons you rent a room really...The only positives: good people, had no problem with anyone, and good restaurant, would recomend the chinese restaurant. But that are not enough to even move the slider from terrible to okay...go for another one, or take your earbuds, and prepare to argue for something better...have a nice vacationAD	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice clean hotel	Stayed at this hotel on our way back from Aus for 2 nites. Hotel was very clean, quite modern and the staff were great, very friendly and helpful, no probs whatsoever. The room was excellent, well furnished with mini bar, television etc. The bathroom was clean and had everything you could need including shampoo etc.The breakfast was very good and plentiful and there was hot food as well as cold.The hotel bar was cheap and well stocked. We ate here both days for lunch and evening meal and could find no fault with the food or the staff at all. The prices were cheap and there was even live entertainment in th evenings.We went on a city tour from the hotel which I would strongly recommend and again, it was only something like £10 pp.If I had to go back to Dubai I would stay at the hotel again, although the hotel was nice, Dubai didn't do anything for me or my husband at all and we wouldn't like to stay over any longer than we did.But, all in all, nice hotel, nice staff and good, cheap food.	
Dec 20 2007 	bad service rude staff overpriced - avoid this hotel!	Tarvel lots all over the world. This is NOT what I would expect from a four star hotel at this price. Kept waiting 3 hours to book into a room. Staff ignored me and were quite rude. Breakfast was quite a disater - 45 minute wait for an omlete - pilot at the next table blew because he had been waiting so long he had to leave without breakfast! Only saving grace was its location but I'd say avoid this hotel at all costs unless you get a VERY VERY cheap room!	
Nov 23 2007 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed at this hotel with my husband for two nights on the way home from Sri Lanka and found it to be a beautiful hotel. It is very clean and comfortable with a well stocked mini bar and snack basket. We only visited the restaurant for breakfast but it catered for every taste and the food was excellent. This is a 4* hotel and we found it to be quite strict compared to other hotels we have stayed in around the world as you are unable to take your drinks into the lobby ( I tried to do this whilst answering a call on my mobile and it was taken off me ), only sensble swimming in the pool ( no fun and games ) etc., but it was an overall pleasant experience. We had a meal in the fox and hounds restaurant at the hotel and this bar stays open until 1am. There is also a mexican restaurant which has a nightclub that is open until 3am which is handy as you will struggle to find a single bar outside the hotel. The Hard Rock cafe is about a 20-30 min taxi ride away which cost around £7 one way.	
Aug 27 2007 	Week in Marco Polo Hotel	This hotel is not four star. I stayed here for a week during August 2007. The staff are great and always very courteous but the location is not the best. In order to get to the Jumeira beach you have to take a taxi journey which lasts at least 40 minutes as the traffic is heavy at all times. My room was clean and comfortable but there was a night club to the rear that was open every night and I found it impossible to get to sleep most nights. I would recommend this hotel as a stop off point but not for the duration of your holiday.	
Aug 2 2007 	Dubai stopover	Good service from kind staff and a comfortable bed made our stay very pleasant.We had jetlag after the flight from Australia and recovered well due to good blackout curtains allowing good afternoon sleep.Room clean and good size with good storage, iron and facilties.Bathroom finish and fittingscould have been better as could have the intructions for use of the pulsating multiple showerheads.Breakfast was terrific- choices included Indian, Middle Eastern and Western food. Plentiful buffet regularly topped up with attentive staff- we were Polo guests- some sort of upgrade we think but did not seem to make any difference apart from sitting in a seperate area at breakfast and having a constant presence of a helpful gentleman outside our door in the foyer of our floor.Would go back again when visiting Dubai.	
Apr 18 2007 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here for two nights on our way home from Sri Lanka. The reviews on here did worry us but once we arrived we were very pleased. Even though it is classed as a 4* I would say the room we had was no higher then a 3*. It was clean and well presented, however the fixtures and fittings were not neatly finished. This is of course me being very picky. The bed was very comfy and we found the hotel to be quiet in the evening. The breakfast I thought was great, plenty to choose from and well laid out. The pubs had good live music and give free snacks, which is a nice little extra. There are plenty of places to eat out next to the hotel, which is useful when only paying for b&amp;b. The hotel offers a free shuttle service to various locations at certain times of the day. You will have to get a taxi on return but it only cost us about £1.50 from the local mall. The Deira City Centre Mall is a good shopping mall, with loads of designer shops and more. However, we would have liked to have gone to Jamierah shopping and to the water centre but it would have cost us quite a bit by taxi. The traffic is busy all the time and the taxis are on a meter so therefore may be expensive.	
Mar 2 2007 	what a pleasant surprise	Having read the trip advisor reviews we were not holding out much hope for this hotel but on arrival we changed our tune. Admittedly it is not in the best part of town but there is a courtesy bus to the beach each day and taxis are very cheap so getting to the shopping malls etc is not a problem. The snack bar had a really good menu and the food was beautifully presented and very tasty. The &quot;English Pub&quot; was clean but without any atmosphere, there was never anybody in it! Breakfast was very good with a wide choice of dishes. The only downside is the pool area which in itself is very pleasant but it does not get the sun at all so even when it is hot everywhere else it is too cold to go in the pool. This hotel was great for a two day stay and close to the airport for the impossibly early flight! Do the big bus tour and take a ride on a Dhow - very relaxing	
Dec 5 2006 	loud and terrible service	The hotel itself is ok for its budget. It is centrally located in Deira and as a business hotel its not too bad. The problems however start when the music starts.We had a room on the 1st floor and the hotel had a party in 1 of the rooms on the ground floor. The noise was so loud there was never any chance of sleep. We complained only to be told that every hotel in Dubai had noise and what did we expect. The manner of the staff was very abrupt and aggressive and there is no way I would go back.In terms of facilities there is a 'traditional english pub' which is ok but has a very bad caberet act that you can't escape, an ok pool and an Indian nightclub which is probably more for the locals than the guests.If you get rid of the staff its ok overall, but there are better hotels in Dubai in this price range (Try rimal rotana for a start)	
Nov 15 2006 	Nice Hotel shame about location	We were moved to Marco Polo without travel agent telling us, so we had know idea what to expect.Hotel room fine, clean, big TV. Breakfast limited, considering it is classed as four star.has small swimming pool, walled in, therefore only sunny for a short time.Location seemed to be in the Iraqi quarter as all local restaurants were Iraqi. We tried one, cant remember name, but they cooked fish on a circular indoor fire, which you can see from outside, and we a monster and very delicious meal, easily enough for 4 people.No 19 bus takes you from outside hotel to Gold Souk, very cheap, but also taxis were cheap, no journey more than £4.Best thing to do - get taxi to Wafi City to catch BIg Bus Tour, you get a city tour, a beach tour, and boat trip, all for £20 - brill - withh enough tine to get off at some of the stops.We are happy to provide any info at dtarsky at tesco.net	
Aug 8 2006 	Lovelly Hotel	The Marco polo was a fantastic hotel for the three nights we stayed. The room was clean, the bed was comfy and we found the staff to be very friendly (Had good bathroom goodies as well- exfoliating scub etc). I was worried about other comments regarding the noise factor of this hotel, however we didn't hear any noise that was disturbing. If you listened hard you could hear a faint noise of the planes going over but it certainly was faint. The area had great food. We enjoyed this section of Dubai as it's in the older section (still not very old!!!)and seemed to be cheaper in the food department and are not far from the gold markets. We also booked our tours from the lobby of the hotel. I really recommend a desert safari trip and the water park was great too. We caught a taxi 's everywhere and they are very well priced. Our stay at Marco Polo was excellent and I can't find anything to complain about this lovelly hotel!	
Jun 13 2006	Great hotel	We stayed at the Marco Polo in May on a 2 day stopover from Sri Lanka back to England. Our first impression of the hotel was very good - we were met at the hotel by the courtesy bus, the journey was a short one (yes the hotel is on the flight path but the noise did not once disturb us); the reception at the hotel was good, we were given a courtesy drink on arrival, the hotel lobby area is very smart, done in marble with seating areas and the staff (reception and bellboy) were friendly and helpful. The room was really nice with a king size bed and seating area (I suppose a bulk standard hotel room but well decorated etc). Unfortunately on our first day in Dubai my husband's back went and we ended up being in the room for almost the duration of our stay, so we were thankful that it was such a nice room! During this time the hotel staff were exceptional. They called out a doctor and phoned up when he had gone to see if we needed them to send someone out for the medicine, the restaurant staff send breakfast to the room for us each day (breakfast is usually a buffet with freshly cooked eggs, pancakes, waffles) and the reception staff helped us with contacting our holiday rep, rearranging flights etc. I can only say that the hotel was absolutely first class and we could not have been in a better place for something like that to happen. I would thoroughly recommend the Marco Polo Hotel.	
May 8 2006 	Terrible value Never Again Not 4 star	I have just returned from Dubai with my wife. We stayed at the Marco Polo hotel from the 1 to 6 May 2006. In South Africa I might have got a bit spoilt with the hotel standards, but Marco Polo hotel Dubai is definitely not 4* by a long shot. The bathrooms are terribly stained and dirty. When I checked in, there was actually hair in the toilet and bath. I find the hygiene to be pathetic. The staff are friendly but that doesnt make much of a difference when you in the room alot. I would not reccomend anyone to stay at this hotel. As a frequent traveller to Dubai, I can easily tell you to please stay away from this unfortunate excuse for a 4*. Take my word for it.	
May 5 2006 	Stop go to another hotel	I am upset I have to give this thing one star. I wish it had a selection for no stars. The staff was horrible. This is the only hotel I have gone to in the world where the staff was out right rude. If you did not have any contact with the staff this place is at best a 2 star hotel. The rooms were a step above a road side motel just because it had a safe and an ice box. I booked a full bed they gave me a twin bed. It took an argument to get the full bed I booked. This was after telling them on the phone “are you sure I have a full sized bed?” before I got there with the reply of “yes”. The night club they had was horrible all it did was keep you up at night. I would have not minded it if the night club was packed I would have spent some time down there but it played loud music with no body there. The most people I seen in that club at any one time was 6 – 10 people who looked like board guests. Stay away from this hotel It is terrible I give it a no star review.	
Apr 8 2006	A Good Stay	We recently had the pleasure to stay at the Marco Polo Dubai (3rd to 6th April 2006). I was a little apprehensive of what to expect having read other reviews on this site. Well, I don't know where some of your other reviewers stayed but our stay was magnificent from start to finish and we were sorry to leave. We experienced none of the issues some of the other reviewers complained of. Firstly, the call to prayer – IT IS A SLICE OF THE LOCAL CULTURE. If that disturbs you, get used to it or stay out of the Middle East as there is a Mosque on every other corner! Personally I struggled to hear it! Second over flying aircraft – Dubai is a busy place and ALL hotels that I previously used in Dubai have this issue but no flight during our stay disturbed us – we were too busy enjoying the hospitality of the hotel and its staff. I will definitely stay at the Marco Polo again, as I work in the Middle East and commute from Saudi Arabia and South Africa. I would recommend the hotel for both business and pleasure. Our thanks go to the GM and his team for making our stay a memorable one!	
Feb 5 2006 	less than wonderful..a lot less	..on business and this was just an overnight stay because of flight times. It was &quot;sold as a 4* with 5* service&quot;. Not so. The service and staff were very helpful and pleasant. The rooms were very ordinary with rather small beds...for the price, I would not stay there again. In fact when we flew in to actually stay, we booked another hotel.	
Feb 3 2006	Definitely not a 4 star probably wouldn't stay there again	It was definitely not what i expected when i agreed to stay there - the rooms and bathrooms were definitely not of 4-star standard. The air in our room was really stale, but we couldn't even air it out because our windows could not open. The bathroom was pretty dismal and the carpets in the rooms were stained.Yes, the staff are very friendly and helpful, but still, this hotel is sooooo not of 4-star standard.	
Jan 26 2006	Mediocre Hotel	This is aupposed to be a 4 star hotel but deserves only 2 stars. The rooms and service were mediocre. Bathrooms were really old and need to be modernised. Hot water seems to be a problem and seems to become only luke warm after a few minutes into a shower. I would not stay there again	
Dec 8 2005	Good value	Despite some negative reviews, we found this place to be quite good. Yes the planes do fly over very close but not lound enough to wake you from your sleep. The rooms were spotless and well appointed. Service is friendly and helpful although it lacks the polish of what we would be used to from a four stay hotel. Our only complaint was they did some maintenance during the day which made it impossible to indulge in an afternoon nap.We didn't try any of the restaurants in the hotel but the buffet breakfast was more than adequate and well presented.	
Jul 27 2005	Planes and Prayers make for a poor nights sleep!	Not the best hotel I've stayed in. The staff were very helpful and friendly, but the standard of the accomodation was not good. The actual bedroom was okay, but the bathroom was certainly very tired and the tiles around the bath were really dirty. Although we got clean towels every day they were very grey in colour; not clean and white which is what I think they were supposed to be. You can certainly hear the noise of the planes during the middle of the night and every night at 4.30 am you can hear prayers being broadcast across loud speakers over Dubai, this lasted for about 10 minutes and both me and my husband couldn't sleep while this was happening. Don't know whether that's just at certain times of year, but it was certainly annoying when you want a nights sleep. We were only in Dubai for 3 nights for a stopover, but I certaintly wouldn't stay in this hotel if I were to return to Dubai.	
May 14 2005	Nice	Service was great. Clean rooms. Great transport / shuttle to &amp; from popular locations. Buffet breakfast was fantastic. Walking distance to restaurants. Just becareful if you are a single female traveller, you could be mistaken for a prostitute walking the streets ... terrible but true unfortunatley.	
Apr 21 2005	great location	On the whole this was a great hotel we had loads of hot water, room service, hotel staff were all very efficient and provided a excellent professional service. Only downside was a little noisy due to being close to airport this hotel is right below flight path and as it is a very busy airport there are planes taking off every couple of minutes. We probably would choose a different location when we next visit but as there is so much work under construction we will probably not go back for a couple of years.	
Feb 13 2005	Don't stay here	Rude staff...no sleep due to noise from nightclub downstairs...no hot water...don't go there. 	
Nov 18 2009 	???????????		
Jan 9 2008 	Zentral gelegenes Hotel		
