Nov 26 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in	Dirty place with a very rude and unprofessional staff. The hall has been transformed into a fried food shop, with a strong smell of kitchen that &quot;welcomes&quot; the customer as soon as he enters. The staff is the most hateful and unkind I've ever met in my life: they demanded payments in advance every two or three days, like most hotels in Dubai, but they did it with such a rudeness and such an arrogance that we finally got so bothered that we preferred to pay and leave the hotel immediately, just in order not to have anything else to do with such people (of course, they didn't even told us &quot;Thanks&quot; or &quot;Bye&quot; when we left). I would like to give an advice to the traveler who is planning to book a room in this place: at about 100 meters from the Ramee, in the same street, there is Le Méridien, a true and beautiful hotel which offers a lot of cleanliness, comfort, courtesy and professionality at about the same price: it's so different and superior that comparing it to the Ramee would be like comparing white to black. I really hope the readers will treasure my experience. Bye bye.	
Jun 18 2009 	A decent budget hotel	We had gone to Dubai and didnt want to spend too much on the stay - hence we chose this hotel-which was value for money. Basically service apartments, decently furnished, level of cleanliness was OK. They had a small diner where we used to have our breakfast. The room sizes are good, but no frills, just about comfortable.Location is fine, close to the main road and generally bustling late into the night.	
Jun 11 2009 	Market place	This is an average property. I have stayed in here twice with family and no issues with the property	
Apr 20 2009 	Great value for money perfect location	I booked hotel 2 nights via hotels.com. Initially hesitant after reading bad remarks in the forum but decided to give it a shot.Turned out to be great. The location is perfect, middle of everything. Walking distance to many places. Easy access to taxi. 24 hour supermarket just next door. lots of eating places.The room is clean, though can be noisy from neighboring rooms when they close the doors. Nice roof top pool.All in all, for Dubai standard, this 3 star place is good value for money budget short stay. The staff should improve on their friendliness and helpfulness.	
Apr 1 2009 	Ramee Apartments Rolla Street Dubai - be aware!	We stayed here March 09, arriving in the early hours of the morning. We knew this accommodation would be basic and had booked expecting this. However, the place is nothing like its website description, and don't be mislead by the photos. It's described as luxury - well you know you aren't getting that when you are standing in reception and a member of staff wheels an old car tyre through. Please don't be mislead by the favourable reviews on TripAdvisor either, (which is why we booked in the first place). This is an older establishment and the curtains, kitchen area, furniture, bedding etc. are desperately in need of updating. However, the place was definitely not clean which matters more than anything else! The shower curtain, room curtains (there are lots of no smoking signs around the hotel but this rule is not enforced in rooms if anywhere) carpet, kitchen equipment were all in need of a good clean if not replacement. The worst thing was the stained bedding which was pointed out to staff so hopefully they have bought new by now. This place is basic and a very good price, it has a great location but it's falling short on the standard of cleanliness. It was probably geat value once and could be again with a bit more care.	
Apr 1 2009 	Not bad not great	This hotel is not bad. It's in Bur Dubai. There are places you can walk to and cabs are cheap and easily accesible. The rooms are pretty average. There is a mosque across the street that will wake you around 5AM every day. The rooms have kitchens. There is a pretty decent pool on the roof.	
Feb 19 2009 	great clean and comfy place to stay	Everyone had warned me about taxi drivers difficulties in finding certain Hotels. This place took us over 1 hr to find. So, the best thing to do if you are staying here is to tell your driver that the Hotel is near .Goldsands 10 or 11Rooms are big, great X large beds, complete kitchen even with clothes washer.What nobody told us though was that to heat up the water u need to switch on the heater at least an hour before taking your shower.Breakfast is not too good, there is no kitchen so heating up is on microwave. And drinks are charged seperatley. Rather strange.Shops close quite early nearby, shopping centre close is very nice, and always a KFC or Pizza Hut open till late close.	
Dec 11 2008 	Good Price and Safe	I met my husband at this Rolla St. location and was satisfied with the hotel. It had a &quot;condo&quot; style set up with small kitchen including dishes, pots/pans, etc. We stayed for 9 days and the worst thing was that we had to beg for more than one towel each day. They expected to clean our room every day, but we did not request same - only for towels. Across the street from a Mosque, but actually the 5a wakeup call was not as bad as I thought it would be. We laughed every morning and fell back to sleep. The view - forget it and don't look outside. The location is safe and hotel is clean. Let's leave it at that. Nothing fancy, clean! :)Near an internet cafe', and not far from a CarreFour. There were several small markets, and a larger grocery market on main street (Spinney's Market), next to a coffee shop. There was a Lebonese restaurant near this market that was quite enjoyable. The Ramada Hotel had a nice cafe restaurant as well. Just approx. 8 blocks to the river, where you can catch the &quot;bumper&quot; boat ride across the river. Go do this on Thurs. or Friday night when its the busiest when all the boats are fighting to get to the dock as your boat fights to get away from the dock. HILLARIOUS! Pool upstairs is small, but secluded. The rooms were quiet and clean. Nothing to complain about. There is a cleaners across the street which is cheap and quick. Remember this is a CHEAP way to stay. Yeah, I would have preferred to stay at a classier hotel, but I prefer to save my money instead! Because of this we had no financial limit on our itinerary or taxi fees.	
Nov 2 2008 	Loved It Here!	5 of us stayed here in the height of summer and all of us absoloutly adored our stay, could not recomend this hotel highly enough. It exceeds all basic requirements, more than a 3 star hotel. Nothing was too much for the extremely friendly staff, and true to Dubai style, everything was dirt cheap, inside and outside of the hotel. The only thing we found remotely expensive but worth it was the water park, which was your typical theme park prices, in an amazing area. The beaches and the zoo ranged from 20p-£1 per person. In a great area, although is some distance from the main tourist attractions, which isn't important as to be dropped off and picked up anywhere is about £4, so we had our own personal chauffer most days for about £4 a day! There is a very delicious pizzeria in the lobby, which you can ring directly and have delivered, and is about 50p for a 10 inch pizza! Unfortunately, most people don't, but we tipped very generously here, and it goes along way and you can see the gratitude from the underpaid staff. Next door to the supermarket, and surrounded by resturants. Although it is difficult to find alcohol in Dubai, we were about a 5 minute walk from the nearest bar, an english sports bar with english prices. Pool area was lovely with a lovely view from the rooftop pool., and rooms were comfortable, spotless and reasonably sized, with a lovely bathroom. The only negative to our holiday was that we stayed in the height of summer in Auguest, and the weather was, at times unbearable, but the rooms were air conditioned, as were most places. We were reccomended to travel during our winter to get the most out of the experience. We booked some lovely trips through our hotel, and the dubai creek cruise was a lovely evening. Cannot rate highly enough.	
Sep 20 2008 	Perfect Mid Range Hotel in Bur Dubai	Stayed at Ramee Apartment Hotel for 3 nights. We had a PERFECT stay. The room was 4.5 star, absolutely spotless. The brand new kitchenette in the room had a front loading washer and dishwasher. We had a side view from our window on the 6th floor, but on the rooftop there is a pool &amp; lounge chairs with views across Dubai. The hotel is situated in Bur Dubai, in the old city, and extremely close walking distance to the souks. The boat [abra] stations are a 5 min walk away &amp; for 1YTL paid onboard you travel to the other side of Dubai Creek to the Gold Souks. The staff were friendly, courteous and helpful with all our needs. The tour desk was also very informative and friendly, without being pushy. This hotel will be no. 1 on our list when we travel to Dubai again.	
Aug 16 2008	horrible	This is a rotten hotel.On our first morning we were robbed by a member of the staff.To be precise it was in the breakfast room where we were told to pay for a breakfast which was supposed to be included.We paid and were not given a receipt and when we told the manager we were treated as if we were the con-men.All the staff were covering up for each other and their version is that on the day we were charged for breakfast we had not even turned up.A couple of days later we were also charged for a glass which was broke by our 1 year old son.That about sums it up.Rame is a rotten hotel.The manager of this hotel is a very unpleasant woman....	
Jan 12 2008	good location terrible management	well located property very badly managed,expect nothing and you wont be dissapointed!	
Dec 15 2007 	Ramee Appts- Great price and location- Bad service	I stayed at Ramee Hotel Appartments for 5 nights in mid November. if you're looing for a cheap hotel in Dubai, and not looking for service this is the place for you. The front desk staff is not very welcoming or friendly, almost as if it is a chore to serve you. Ramee Appts has a great location in BurDubai- worth the $120 AED per night, as its close to many things. There is a grocery store that is 24 hours just up the street and a mall not far from the grocery store. There are a few take out food places across the street, a pharmacy to the left and many indian food resturants near by. The room was spacious, huge bed and clean but with a few ants in the bathroom. It could use a clock on the wall though. Dont use the hotel phones for long distance, very expensive (3.75$ CAD/12 AED per minute) instead ask for a landline card at the grocery store cashier. The room comes with a kitchenette, a small fridge and hot plate with dishes for cooking. TV was okay and there was a dvd player. The pizza place in the hotel is fairly priced I suppose (abt 4$ CAD/12 AED for a small pizza with all the fixings) but it is not of the greatest quality. The buffett breakfast served at the hotel is disgusting (like curried hot dogs and chick peas with green eggs)- NOT WORTH THE MONEY- pick up something from the grocery instead. try to get a cheaper price on the stay by removing the breakfast option. Internet cafe in the hotel is actually just 2 computers in the pizza parlour seating area- no privacy- and it is expensive about 3.50$ CAD/ 10 AED per hour. i found another cafe outside of the hotel not far and it was 1 dirham per hour- worth the walk. I think they mentioned they were getting wireless connections in all of the rooms. Pool on roof is very nice addition, esp at night. There is a gym- i saw people working out, but didnt use it myself. I didnt book anything through the hotel tour place because they didnt sell what I was looking for, instead took a taxi to the museum (3.50$ CAD/ 10 AED) where I caught the Big Bus tour. Across the street from the museum you will see someone in a yellow shirt, thats who you buy the ticket from. It was 175 AED and worth it. Overall Ramee Appt Hotel was worth the stay because of the room amenities, the location and the price. If you are not interested in decor, and you are self sufficient, this do-it-yourself hotel is the place for you. If I got a similar price or less I would return, otherwise it is not worth the stay.	
Dec 6 2007 	Terrible and Horrible service	it is one of the most terrible places in dubai.no service and exteremely careless staff.they got my booking all mixed up. I had booked for 2.30 am and they thought it was for 2.30 pm and instead of trying to clarify the issue, nobody cared to call me. when i got to the hotel at 2.30 am ..they had no rooms and i had to wait till 7am in the lobby to get a room. meanwhile, non of the staff there cared to make my staying comfortable.add to that, the room cleaning service was a disaster. every time they cleaned, the room got messier. they use an old-fashioned broom to clean the floor and the bed sheets are never clean.i dont advice anybody to use this chain. it is overrated and so bad.	
Nov 21 2007 	Not bad but could do with a good decorator	Well, I got a good deal for this hotel and on the good side. It is in a very good location, taxis easy to hail outside the hotel and they are so cheap its a great way to get around. Supermarket also next door. The appartments are very clean and the staff although not welcoming are helpful when you need them. Large rooms.The bad side was the fact that although the appartments are clean the linen the rugs the wallpaper and curtains all smelt like my grandmothers bungalow and probably as old. It makes the place feel uncomfortable and almost like you dont want to sleep in the bed. Lots of appliances were also dated and the lobby is basically a pizza restaurant and the smell goes everywhere. The area is also like most of Dubai next to a building site and the work starts at 6am. Basically not bad but I think you could find better for the money, however if your not planning on being in the hotel much then its fine.	
Nov 7 2007 	Ramee ok with me	Would recommend this apartment hotel for value, location,cleanliness helpful staff,facilities.Our room was clean,well equipped even washing machine etc.,although we were located at the rear and our balcony overlooked a building site (most of Dubai is building sites!) it was spotlessly clean. An amazing 7ft bed-clean sheets every day, well located for shopping- Al Jhaheef Mall open till midnight across the road,very handy. close to the Creek and siouks, with Tour desk,Internet,coffee shop,taxi service on site.we would stay there again.	
May 13 2007	Good for the price	Stayed here on two occasions as a stop-over. Ccould do with a make-over but rooms are large and clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The location is fine for a stop-over, handy for restuarants and supermarkets but might not be so appealing for a longer stay.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great Room for budget travellers	We stayed at the Ramee Hotel Apartments between 5-11th March. I nearly cancelled my booking at this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor, but sure glad i didn't. We were first given a deluxe room as they were overbooked, but were transferred to a standard room the next day. But the standard room seemed more equipped and just as comfortable. The bed was big enough for two adults and one child, and bathroom facilities were large and clean. There was an open plan kitchen with fridge,toaster, kettle and washing machine available. Although there was only crockery and utensils for 2 persons, I do think it is good value for those families who don't mind going self catering. There is a 24hour supermarket a couple of doors away, which is fully stocked with most of your daily needs, and a restaurant on the opposite road that delivers to your hotel room. Meena bazaar is walking distance away and taxis are available without difficulty outside the hotel. In the lobby there is a travel tour operator who helped us book to visit the tourist attractions of dubai. Reception staff are helpful and polite, only one night staff very miserable on the desk.There is a mosque right outside the hotel, and the call to prayer occurs five times a day, but we only heard the early morning call once during our stay as the rest of the days we were so tired to hear it or away during the day. Average views available but room with balcony recommended. Overall, this accommodation was ideal for our memorable well deserved break in Dubai. My family and I would definetely be returning in the near future.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great location and staff	I stayed at the Ramee Apartment Hotel from March 9-16, 2007. I didn't know anything about Dubai in terms of geography prior to my arrival, but this location in Bur Dubai turned out to be very convenient. You can walk to the Bur Dubai souks, Dubai Creek, etc. in 20 minutes. It's also down the street from two 24 hour supermarkets, a Citibank atm, a shopping plaza, and only a 15 minute walk to the fabulous Burjuman Centre shopping mall. On the way to the mall you can even stop at Starbucks if you care to. Great Lebanaese, Indian, and other restaurants within 5 minutes of the hotel. I dropped off my laundry at the dry cleaners directly next to the hotel and they were quite decent.The staff at this hotel are very nice and accomodating. Special thanks to Satish, who was the housekeeper on my floor! He is a gem. The halls are immaculate. I would say that the room could use some updating and the fixtures were certainly not &quot;new&quot; and the small sofa in my room had seen far better days. Also truth be told, the bed was not super comfortable. The bathroom was great, however. But I would definitely stay here again for all of the other good reasons that I mentioned and I got a very good price online. Also the cafe in the lobby, open 24 hours, is a very convenient place to check your email (10 dhirams per hour). As other review writers have said, be aware that a mosque is directly across the street and you will here the Azan bright and early. But this is all part of the Dubai experience!	
Mar 9 2007	Would not come back here again.	This hotel is part of the Ramee Hotel Group. It is located on al-Rolla Street in Bur Dubai. I do not believe this is the same hotel as the Ramee Guestline Hotel Apartments II. We stayed there from February 20-25, 2007. We paid $138.00 per night including breakfast for a room with a king size bed, a sleeper sofa that sleeps one and a small kitchenette. There were 4 of us in the room - my husband and I are our two children, ages, 6 and 8. The room was big enough for us as one of us slept in the sofa bed and it was clean. However, that is about all I can say that actually met our expectations, which are not that high. By US standards, a room for $138 per night should have included 2 double beds, fresh towels for 4 everyday, a coffee pot and coffee and tea in the room, bath soap, hand soap, and shampoo that was replaced every 2 days. We got to the hotel room and the first thing we noticed is that there was only 1 towel in the room. This continued to happen everyday while we were there and we had to call the hotel receptionist and finally request a discussion with the housekeeping manager and the hotel manager to get new towels in the room. I do not think the bathroom was really cleaned the whole time we were staying in the room - just wiped down. The kitchenette had dishes but no dishwashing detergent to wash them with. There was a small, front load washing machine but no dryer and our first batch of laundry took 3 days to dry because we did not have a balcony to hang out our clothes. Once the toilet paper ran out, it was not replaced by housekeeping until we rang the reception desk and requested some. The breakfast was adequate with a mixture of Indian and continental items including hard boiled eggs, some type of sausages, hash browns, bajias, idli and sambar, vadas, fruit, toast, coffee and tea upon request, milk, orange and apple juices and unappetizing cereal. Again, for $138 per night, the breakfast was a disappointment. Coffee and tea were not readily available and refills were discouraged. There was only 1 toaster so there was constantly a race to see who could get to the toaster first. The Management could have spent a few dirhams and bought one or two additional toasters. The management could also have hired 1 other staff person to help with breakfast as the poor guy working in the kitchen was overworked with everyone's requests. Again, his work could have been cut down if guests were able to make their own coffee and tea. The hotel needs to improve its management. It is not a three star hotel apartment even it is classified as such. Although the staff were friendly and helpful when we contacted them, they do not anticipate the needs of their clients and this is what differentiates them from better hotels. The high daily rate, which I was told was cheap by Dubai standards was not justified by the service.	
Jan 18 2007 	Good Value Good Location	This was my first visit to Dubai in 7 years, during which time Dubai has become a major tourist destination and hotel prices have gone up a lot over that time (the quality has as well).Normally I would rent a private apartment rather than a hotel room, but my girlfriend needed a visa to get in and so we needed a 'real' hotel so they could process her visa application.Most of the hotels are out of my reach, so it was good to read the reviews of Ramee Hotel Apartments here and find them generally positive. I paid $105 plus taxes per night.I was very happy with our stay. The room was very large, and so was the bed. Although the number of cable channels was limited, the addition of a DVD player was a nice touch for a budget hotel. The location was excellent - in the middle of the city with most of the main attractions an inexpensive cab ride away.A 24 hour supermarket a few doors down was very useful, as was the fact that there is a pizzeria and internet cafe in the lobby of the hotel.The addition of a rooftop swimming pool and a gym was another bonus that I was surprised to find in a budget hotel.The downsides I found were that the kitchen area of our room was not scrupulously clean when we arrived. The bathroom showed the war wounds from perhaps 10 years since it was built as is the case with all hotel rooms.Another problem is that the corridors outside the room are tiled and very echoey, thus they can be quite noisy. If you're a light sleeper, then I would recommend taking ear-plugs.But these are minor criticisms. I would definitely recommend it for those who can't afford to stay in the Burj al-Arab!	
Dec 8 2006 	An unexpected find at 85 euro.	I was ready for the worst when I booked Ramee Apartment Hotels. It turned out to be an expected find at 85 euro. Ramee run a few hotels and this one is on Al Rolla Street off Mankhool Road. I booked this hotel when my other booking (Karama Hotel) was cancelled due to &quot;overbooking&quot;. I had little choice. It was either this or take the risk of no hotel to (at least) near where I wanted to stay. I am glad I took the risk. The hotel room was huge. I was given a twin room with attached bath and kitchenet. It should be pointed out that the 85 euro I mentoned was a single room rate. There were no more singles rooms left when I arrived. The twin beds were very good sized (I am about 6 foot and slept very comfortably). Housekeeping was good and the reception staff were very friendly and professional. As it was Dubai, everyone spoke English. The hotel had its own pizza / italian parlour which served to your room with no extra charge. Convenient when you want to be lazy and eat in your room. The hotel location was very good too. Its in the Bur Dubai area, which means its close to the creek and the old city where you will do most of your sightseeing of old Dubai.It takes about 5 to 8 minutes to walk to the creek (if you know your way). The hotel is therefore quite close to the creek (although there are closer hotels to the creek if you need to live with the creek at your door step). In the immediate vincinity of the hotel are 3 supermarket like shops, numerous restaurants, a laundry next door and several large shopping centres just 2 minutes fromthe hotel. Drivers may wish to note several parking lots nearby not to mention the roadside lots outside the hotel that are almost always empty. For those not familiar with the Bur Dubai area, its roughly between the new and old Dubai and everything is not very far by taxi although traffic can be a problem at rush hours. Finally, for light sleepers and late risers please note this. There is a mosque right across the road from the hotel. This means you get a wake up call every morning on the dot whether you want it or not. I however was not a light sleeper and am also an early riser anyway and so this did not pose a problem.	
Sep 19 2006	Dubai for Under $150 a night!	I read the reviews about this hotel and was a little nervous. At the last minute my wife decided to join me, so I was even more nervous about how she would like it since she is more discrimnating than I am.  We were both pleasantly surpised by the hotel, the neighborhood, ease of access to the city, and the room. Some of the rooms we saw had washing machines, however ours did not. The room was GREAT. Very good sized, and very well laid out. There is a grocery store about 100m away, and a laundry facility across the street. There is a small shopping center at the end of the street that we found the last day we were there. It was delightful and my wife found a great deal on some pachmina shawls.  The only draw back that I could see was that the floors are made out of tile in the hallways, and noise traveled well. I would suggest ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. The staff can be helpful if coaxed. One thing we finally figured out is that the staff cleans the rooms differently, first they clean the room, then about 3 or 4 hours later they come by with the towels ect. after we figured this out we no longer had to ask for towels. (That is not a draw back as much as some information.) We did have to ask daily for toilet paper. We ended up buying a couple of forks, spoons, and bowls, just to make things easier, but we did not mind since we were getting such a GREAT deal on the room!!! All in all I will stay at the Ramee everytime I go to Dubai since I really enjoyed my stay!	
Aug 28 2006	Loved the apartments	These apartments in Bur Dubai were very well organised, clean and immaculately appointed. The hotel staff were friendly and welcoming and nothing was too much bother. The cleaner arrived every day and did a thorough clean of the whole apartment. The kitchen was well equipped and we had a balcony view of the city which was lovely.Also good value for money, centrally located near the Meena bazaar where good food and shopping was readily available.I will certainly recommend this hotel to all my friends and I will definitely visit again.	
Apr 2 2006	Lucky it's Cheap	This hotel is one of the cheapest in Dubai and that lucky as it doesn't have much else going for it. We were upgraded to an Executive Room which was huge and clean, however while there was 3 adults staying we only managed to receive 1 towel. Upon asking for extra towels and an iron we received neither. Needless to say the service is extremely poor. The reception was not much better as they couldn't organise a taxi or speak English very well. Beware the lift doors they will eat you!The location of the hotel is in Deria and not Bur Dubai as per the location plan I received off the internet so we did drive around Bur Dubai for quite some time before we found out the hotel was on the other side of the creek which was a pain as the traffic is really bad in Deria. Upon finding the hotel which has parking in the rear, it is in a good location for going to the Souks and the abra stations. It is also located close to a few shopping centres which has good coffee shops. I agree with the previous review don't even bother with breakfast it was truely disgusting! Try the Mugg &amp; Bean down the road. There is also a great Lebanese restaurant across the road.	
Mar 25 2006	Not completely satisfied!!!	We stayed at rammee hotel apartments for a week. the room was spacious and clean and had kitchin facilites which was useful. Our stay there included breakfast, but to be honest it was not really worth getting up for!!!! There is a small pizza diner just next to reception, its not the cleanest place to eat, my husband ate a dodgy chicken burger from there on our first day!!!!! the hotel staff are helpful when approached. However we did encounter a bit of a dispute with them on our last day as we were told we would have a complimentary transfer to the airport. However hotel staff denied offering this and did mess us about a bit. But we did get a free ride to the airport in the end!!!!	
Mar 25 2006	Great Valuie and Clean	We didn't quite know what to expect from budget accomodation in Dubai but was pleasantly surprised by Ramee Hotel Apartments.We booked a twin studio which was clean, comfortable and better equipped than expected with microwave, washing machine, TV/Satellite (albeit with a fairly basic selection of channels) and a DVD player. The only thing really missing was a patio table and chairs on the balcony. The minaret of the mosque was directly opposite the room window but thanks to two sets of double glazed patio doors was surprisingly unobtrusive. The only problem with noise was being able to hear doors banging in the hallway and the people upstairs dragging a chair around - the floors are ceramic and not carpeted so noises are not absorbed, but or course both of these complaints are also down to noisy neighbours and not solely the fault of the hotelThe biggest thing I didn't like about the room was the fact that it smelled of stale cigarette smoke as it was a smoking room. Also, the pizza joint in the hotel lobby means there's an unpleasant smell of cooking present in the lobby as well as in the lift. The reception staff were okay - not overly courteous but not overly grumpy either. The porter was miserable though - he seemed to be quite miffed that we wanted to carry our own bags (we only had hand small luggage). The room attendant seemed to be very pleasant. The airport pick up wasn't there when we arrived and the hotel gave us his number which was engaged for some time. When we finally contacted him he insisted he was outside waiting for us which simply was not the case. Other than that he was pleasant enough.The location of the hotel is reasonable being within easy walking distance of the Creek, Karama and a few other places. Taxis are easily hailed from the street outside, there are several restaurants close by and a supermarket and pharmacy almost next door.On the whole we were happy with Ramee as budget accomodation and would stay there again.	
Dec 28 2005	Nasty service	fotos looked ok on company website, hotel is in a side street and looked pretty grubby outside but ince inside it was clean the room was clean and spacious it has a kitchen with washing machine, microwave etc the rooms are dated but adaquete this hotel is best suited for someone who will not sepd much time in the hotel apart from sleeping!!negative points :avoid speaking to the filipino receptionist, rude and not hospitablehotel has a pizza shop within the reception ( not segregated) hence the smells waft up to all the floors staff not very happy about their jobs and it shows would only stay if other hotels were booked!	
Dec 8 2005 	Ramee only for the frequent traveler.	For the first visit it was what I expected. In a busy part of the city, plenty to do. Side Street location, yet only 1/2 block off the main drag. Can be considered a quiet place. Great room, clean, real plates, hot plate, microwave and washing machine. The front desk helped me with everything, if you know what I mean. My advise is to try something else first, then on your second trip try this. Save you money and alot to see and do. Check rates periodicly, they change a lot. I paid 56$ USD ea. night when I visited. Remember one thing, Enjoy life you never know how long you have.	
Dec 8 2005 	malisimo!!!!!		
Dec 8 2005 	grottenschlecht		
May 17 2009 	Bellissimo il viaggio bruttissimo e scadente questo hotel		
