May 2 2009 	Very good value.	this hotel is very good for the money. The rooms are exceptionally large with good toiletries in the bathroom. Hotel room was spotless, staff were exceptionally helpful and polite.The French restaurant looked good although unfortunately I did not have time to try it out, but highly spoken about. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Five minutes in a taxi to City Centre Shopping Mall or the old area of Deira with gold/spice souks.I also like the Al Khaleej Hotel in Deira (same chain) which is within walking distance to the souks. The people who own this chain of hotels really seem to care about their guests.	
May 9 2008 	Nice little hotel in the heart of Deira	This is actually a very nice little hotel in Deira. The rooms are quite nice and the staff is very friendly.Make sure you dont get a room on the first 3 floors because it can get very loud as the restaurants in the mezzanine floor blast their music till the wee hours of the morning. There are a few very good restaurants there one is Sorba the greek restaurant where they have a performances every night and Escoba and very good Arabic restaurant where there are singers and belly dancers... very good looking belly dancers. They also have Miyaku an original Japanese restaurant where most of the Japanese in Dubai dine. Well in the top floor you have a nice bar with sexy waitresses, its nice atmosphere. I recommend the hotel, but the truth is that in Dubai you take pretty much any hotel you can find, they are almost always full.	
Mar 13 2008 	great little hotel	We were on the road from Oman to Dubai when we were told we were being moved to this hotel. A quick look at trip advisor via the blackberry convinced us to give it a try although we could have gone to our original hotel.The hotel is near Dubai Creek just off Al Maktoom Road and quite near the airport. Like most things in Dubai you'll need a taxi to get from A to B. The hotel got us a private car service which we used during our stay. A little more expensive but worth it.The rooms are large and comfortable. We had two rooms for the family (girls 3 and 5) but really only needed one. The hotel has 3 restaurants with one being a good Japanese one which requires a reservation. Breakfast was included in the room rate and this was of an acceptable if unspectacular standard.The staff were very friendly and treated us well. They were particularly good to our children which made the stay more enjoyable. Overall this was a great hotel to stay in and a welcome change from the chain hotel experience. It's nothing special in terms of quality and would be around a 2-3 star effort but would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 5 2007	Very good as 2-star hotel not 4 stars superior!	I stayed in this hotel for 5 days for leisure between 30 December 2006 and 4 January 2007. Before arriving, my travel agency said to me that it is a very nice 4 stars superior hotel. However, this was not true. The hotel was small, with poorly decorated rooms and public spaces, breakfast below average. Most important, the 3 floors above mezzanine were very noisy until 3.00 am because of the music restaurants situated into hotel. I think that this hotel is a 2 1/2 stars hotel, surely not 4 stars sup. To my opinion, if you are not able to pay something more to stay in a 5 stars hotel, try to avoid staying at such property; it's much better to stay at home.	
Mar 3 2006	Good Rooms  Fantastic restaurants and night clubs.	I stayed there over new years and the place was really happening. During the day it feels and looks quite normal and at night it turns into a classy party place. Really nice and allot better than expected. Would only go there again. Prices in clubs were a little pricey , but would not mind as the entertainment was varied. Greek club where people are breaking plates all over the place(Greek Tradition).Another arabic club witha really really hot belly dancer. On the ground level was the famous entrecote steakhouse out of Geneva(Superb Meal). On the top floor a really quite cozy cocktail bar with gorgeous waitresses. I loved the place and would go back. Had a reservation at the burj and cancelled it as it was too quite for my liking.Definately Pleasantly surprised.	
Mar 6 2005	Al Kahleej Palace - Not bad for the money	Stayed here with a friend for one week during the Dubai Shopping Festival.We paid around 150 USD per night for a twin bedded room. The Hotel itself is well situated in Deira with Al-Ghurarir shopping Mall being only 5 minutes walk and Deira City Mall being a short taxi ride away. The Creek is also only a few minutes walk. The room was large and comfortable but a number of the facilities did not work. The TV was small and not working most of the time; the nylon clothes rail in the bathroom did not extend fully so was unusable and the fitted alarm clock had been dismantled (long ago judging by the dust on it). Be careful about which room you are allocated. One side of the building has a nice view but the other side overlooks a car park.There is a small swimming pool on the roof (water was freezing) and a small but well-equipped Gymnasium as well. Breakfast, which was included, was vey good and available all morning (which I found very civilized).The Hotel restaurants were generally OK and reasonable in price. There is a large Cocktail bar on the top floor witha a nice ambience and friendly staff but lousy cocktails. Overall, Not a bad place to stay. AK	
