Jul 26 2009 	fantastic stay plenty to keep you busy	The Waves apartments Dubai Marina is an excellent base to experience the delights of Dubai.The apartment was right on the waterfront with excellent views of the marina. with an excellent pool, kids pool with water park, plenty of luxury sun beds, the pool was quiet, jacuzzi, gym, sauna and steam room, even on your resting days you can be assured you're pampered.walking distance to shops, chemist, hairdressers,hotels, beach, the new Marina Shopping Mall and the new metro station, its an ideal location.can recommend this apartment on Tower B at the front, will be returning next year for a fabulous holiday	
Jul 25 2009 	Big trendy Apartment	We have just returned from Dubai staying at the waves apartment. We booked through myDubaistay.com for 11nts. On arrival we were upgraded from a 2 bed to a 3 bedroom apartment overlooking the Marina. The apartment was well furnished and very spacious, all bedrooms are on suite, there is lots of cupboard space in each bedroom. free wi fi in the apartmentOur bedroom has access to the huge balcony that ran some 20ft past the second bedroom and lounge. we had a huge jacuzzi bath and separate shower, one of the other bedrooms had a big bath and shower. Each bedroom had their own water heater so no worries about hot water. The kitchen was big with all appliances and granite tops. 42&quot; Lcd tv with cable and dvd player, we also had surround sound. There was a 4th bedroom meant for the maid it even had its own on suite with shower. The outside pool is on the 3rd floor with a jacuzzi, the pool is very warm as when we were there it was 107F. There is also a well equipped air conditioned gym, Mens and womens separate saunas. Underground parking for one car. The beach is a 10 min walk but be warned its like getting into a hot bath and take umbrellas for shade, we tended to go late in the afternoon. Also here there are lots of restaurants but if you like a drink with your meal then go to a hotel restaurant as they are the only places that can sell alcohol. We went to the Atlantis Waterpark which was on of the best we have been to, the lazy river is brilliant with all different things happening this all leads to the rides so you do not have endless stairs to climb. Also the lost chambers we felt was not worth it. £70 entrance fee for 4, as you can see the same view of the fish free from the hotel lobby. Unless you want to touch the star fish and feed the fish at designated times.All in all would have an apartment again for the price $2000= £1200 for 11 nights is cheap, but staying at the Atlantis would have been nice or the One &amp; Only as they were doing great deals for July. But there was four of us so that meant two rooms. which would have cost $4000 to $4500 room only. The malls are great and cheap there are bargains galore there is a mall just down the road from the apartment called the Marina mall its so laid back with great shops and restaurants and free parking.	
