Nov 24 2009 	Great Location Brand New	We chose this hotel as it was one of the only hotels with rooms that would accommodate 3 people (when looking on the internet) near the Mall of Emirates. We where visiting family, so we chose this location to be close to them, but even if they weren't there I would recommend it. Its close to the Mall of Emirates, and easy to get transport via taxi or the metro. Being almost brand new, it was clean, and ultra modern. The girl on reception (who was the supervisor) while we where there was more than helpful. The only problem we had was that we asked them to bring up more towels (for the 3rd person) and they didnt, so we had to ask them again. But other than that, it was great. Free internet was a nice surprise and we went to the Ibis for their drink specials each night.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great hotel good location very helpful staff !	I spent 5 nights at the Suitehotel Mall of Emirates with some friends and we had a wonderful time in Dubai.The Hotel is brand new ! Rooms spacy and modern, swimming pool on top of the hotel very nice decorated, 24h deli-restaurant very useful if you want to eat or to buy a snack at any time, trendy bar.The staff was very helpful and motivated to make your stay as pleasant as possible.The location of the hotel is quiet good. You are loacted at 2 minutes of the famous Mall of Emirates where you can try the indoor-ski and you have a metro station at 200 meters. The Metro brings you to the main highlights of the city. We also enjoyed the Suitehotel free shuttle to the Jumeirah Beach !	
Nov 12 2009 	Fantastic rooms and helpful staff	I loved staying here. I had booked the adjoining Ibis hotel, but wasn't overly impressed with the rooms and came down to ask questions at reception. By luck the manager of the sistering 'Suitehotel' was behind the desk and offered me a deal on one of their rooms.The room was absolutely brand new and immaculate. Probably double the size and quality of the Ibis. The rooms were so stylishly designed and finished.The flatscreen TV had a choice of a few English channels.the toiletries were virtually full size bottles.The roof top pool was beautiful. Not massive but big enough to swim properly and very stylishly done.The computers in the lobby were great with free internet and huge displays, but obviously with them being communal sometimes you had to wait to use them and sometimes there would be annoyingly loud children playing games on the machines which made it hard to concentrate on what you were doing. Maybe the hotel should consider only allowing children in the so-called business area when accompanied?Hotel staff were all very helpful and nice to deal with. I found they went out of their way to accommodate requests.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good location lousy service	I stayed here with extended family including children in 2 rooms for a weekend. Location of hotel is very good within walking distance (in the winter) to Mall of the Emirates. The walk is over a couple of roads and is not too easy with children. Hotel is very new and you can still feel that. Rooms are medium size where a child sleeps on the sofa then make into a bed. Room has a nice flat screen TV and some very expensive minibar. Comfortable beds and a small bathroom with both shower cabin and bathtub. The toilet is separate and by the entrance of the room. Neat and basic but functional. The hotel has a small pool and gym on the roof. The restaurants and the service of the place is the worst. Very inexperienced even if nice staff. Check in and out takes very long time. The restaurants are both over priced and lousy service. The breakfast is a joke! Either the buffet that is like East Germany in the 80ies or the pay-per-item café that was the messiest place I have seen and very expensive. Eat in the Mall in stead! All in all a fair price for a room with good location in an overprized place like Dubai.	
Nov 6 2009 	Poor Managment	I am very happy that I got the opportunity to express my feelings, as I am a very angry customer. The hotel was nice, the layout was perfect. I went to this hotel with my husband after we decided that we r too tired to drive back to HOME. So as we got there we checked in and we went to the room. I slept and woke up by the phone @ 2:30 PM; women phoned me and said that I am late and that she called me @ 12 and I told her I am leaving now. I told her that’s impossible coz I am a very light sleeper, I wouldn’t answer the phone and speak unless I am awake, I asked my husband and he told me that no one phoned. She threatened me to charge me for half a day if I don’t come now, I told her if you’re charging me I might as well stay , then she was angry and said I have to leave now, no one kicks a customer out in Dubai. The money was not an issue for me, however I hated the fact that she insisted that I answered her and her manager was on her side, and he was very rude. I didn’t want to pay because of the way that lady &amp; the manager spoke to me were inappropriate and very disrespectful as if they my stay was from their pocket. Poor management for the hotel, and if any1 knows the CEO please deliver the message to him as this is the first time anything like this that ever happened to me in Dubai, as I go there every weekend, and stayed in many hotels. Thank you	
Sep 28 2009 	New Hotel but poor breakfast and expensive charge	We spent our vacation in Dubai and try this new hotel (just opened June 2009). The room and all facility is still clean (of course). They charged 650 Drhms pernight (included breaskfast) but very poor option. They only provide bread (5 option basket) with juice, Odds. yoghurt and drink. When we check if we take breakfast separately, we have to pay 40-45 Drhms. It's better if you purchased some snack to Mall of Emirates (50m) to replace your breakfast in hotel except you pay more to get in their Restaurant (Connecting with IBIS Building). Please note, they don't provided internet free and if you need, you shall pay 100 Drhms/day or 25 Drhms perhour-very very expensive! Netcafe outside Hotel only charge you maximum 5 Drhms/hour. We got room with damaged washbasin (can't flush the water) and they didn't repair until we check out. I only like with it's location, near to Mall of Emirates and Metro Station. Becareful not to use taxi provieded by some one in front of the hotel. They will said Taxi from Hotel (I'm not sure), charged for 2 kilometer is 27 Drhms (Jumeirah Souq)---&gt;that's crazy!. With Dubai Taxi you only need to pay 10 Drhms.I will not use this hotel for my next trip because the price is not realistic compare with the facility. Except they reduce their rate below 300 Drhms.	
