	Wonderful hotel	We came home yesterday from wonderful 3 days at Hilton Dubai Creek - and have nothing to complain about. The reason why we choose this hotel is because of the location. Close to the airport, close to the goldsouk etc. and because it has shuttlebus service to the sisterhotel Hilton Jumeira Beach - so we could enjoy the beach as well.	
Nov 26 2009 	Very Good Hotel Good Location	Dubai is not the place it once was. Unsure whether the changes I have seen in the last 25 years are progression or disappointment.That aside, Dubai certainly isn't cheap anymore!The Hilton Creek is perhaps 10 years old. The location is good, taxis are relatively cheapThis trip was for leisure. We were checked in about 5 hours ahead of the official check in time and this was appreciated after flying through the night.The hotel has a daily shuttle to the Hilton Jumeirah beach, you need to book in advance and is free. Out at 10am and back at 4pm. This was ideal for us. Our room had a great view of the creek, beautiful bathroom.The hotel has a pool located on it's rooftop. Neither the pool nor the area is that big, but each time we visited, we managed to secure lounges.It offers fantastic views over the creek and city, especially at sunset.I was not impressed with breakfast, since we were room only, had it once and ate elsewhere after.The hotel leaves a copy of Time Out magazine in the bedroom drawer - this is excellent for finding great deals on restuarants.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent-we really enjoyed our stay.	We stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek for 6 nights from the 6th to the 12th of Nov. We paid extra for an executive plus room and it was well worth it. The view from the room was amazing looking out over the city on two sides of the room. The room was big and had a very nice bathroom area with a jacuzzi. We were able to use the executive lounge during the day which had free tea coffee soft drinks and every evening at six complimentary food was served with drinks until eight. Breakfast was either continental in the executive lounge or the full fry downstairs in the restaurant.There was also access to free internet and wi-fi in the lounge.The hotel has a small gym and there is a outdoor pool on the top floor with an outdoor bar and great views of the city. This pool is small.There was one restaurant open while we were there called the Glasshouse. The food was good. Eating out in any hotel restaurant in Dubai can tend to be pricey especially if your having a bottle of wine. Cheapest bottle can often be 30 euro.The hotel also had a free shuttle to the Hilton Jumeriah beach each morning at eleven returning at four. You must book the night before. There is a lovely beach at the other Hilton. From the Hilton Jumeriah there are other free shuttles to the different shopping Malls and they return back to the Emirates Hotel just behind the Hilton Dubai Creek as late as 10pm.The best thing we found about this hotel were the Excellent Staff. They were always friendly and pleasant and could not do enough to help us. They made numerous phone calls for us throughout the week and gave us great advice. The stay we had in the Hilton Dubai Creek was the best and most enjoyable stay we have had in any hotel and we will definitely be returning!Thank you!	
Oct 27 2009 	Lovely Rooms with full lenght views	Lovely hotel, in good location of city, with fantastic views of the city.Although this hotel has a celebritity restaurant, I would advise checking out some of the restaurants a few blocks from this hotel, which offer more local dishes, at very reasonable prices, and lovely atmosphere. The celebritity restaurant menu, was boring, and what you can eat at home, with no local dishes on the menu, which isn't what tourist are looking for.Beautiful rooms with full size windows, and very unusual rooms, which makes this hotel very different. Before bed, the staff not only prepare your bed, but light candles, give you fresh towels, just adding to the atmosphere of a lovely hotel.	
Oct 22 2009 	Comfortable short stay in Old Dubai	We stayed for two nights at the Hilton Dubai Creek in September 2009, just after Ramadan finished, and the Eid feast after Ramadan was on - the hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport and the taxi fare was quite cheap by Australian standards - around $12 from the airport to hotel. The hotel has a lovely rooftop pool with fantastic views over Dubai's skyscrapers. Note that the pool is not covered and as such we tended to have our swim early morning with a cappuccino by the poolside, as it would be too warm in the middle of the day. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the new metro stations, however one has to walk through a bit of a dilapitated neighbourhood to get to these and I probably wouldn't recommend that single female travellers walk alone especially at night - we got stared at a lot and I was with my partner. Taxi rides to the Jumeirah beach region are also on the cheap side - I think we paid about $15 - $20 to get to the Madinat Jumeirah entertainment complex. Hilton Dubai Creek is a good choice for people wanting a &quot;stopover&quot; between flights for a night or so, but there really wasn't that much around the hotel so for holidaymakers, I would recommend a Jumeirah based hotel on the beach. We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton, and if we wanted to stay one night in Dubai to break up flight sectors we would gladly stay here again, however if we come for longer I would probably choose a beach hotel. The hotel was spotlessly clean, and I can't fault the hotel amenities or staff.	
Sep 28 2009 	Style and Class on the Creek	We arrived at just before 8am and were in our room within 10 minutes (it was Ramadan so a little quieter perhaps). We were upgraded to a suite through our Hilton Honors membership which was excellent. The staff in this hotel are friendly and very helpful which is not always the case in Dubai. We like this hotel because it is stylish, only a short drive from the airport and away from Jumeriah beach. This side of the creek offers excellent restaurants, Legends at The Creek Golf Club is excellent for steak; we have yet to try Verre by Gordon Ramsay in the Hilton. The roof top pool and bar has an excellent view over Dubai. This is an ideal hotel for couples wanting a more sophisticated hotel with plenty of dining options around. Although they operate a shuttle bus to the beach it is a business style hotel and not suitable for children.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good stay	We stayed as a stopover from Australia to the UK for one night as we were planning a longer stay on the way home. The Hotel is in an excellent location for access to the creek, airport and souks. The economic downturn meant accommodation was well priced and a suite including airport transfers was available for a reasonable rate, the corner room had fantastic views, the food, pool and facilities were all great. This hotel is an excellent smaller 5 star close to the airport with access to old Dubai. We stayed on Jumeriah Beach on the way back so had a taste of both sides of Dubai.	
Sep 21 2009 	Best breakfast in dubai served by superb staff	I know there are bigger , better located more opulent beach hotels, but the hilton creek for me is the best hotel I have stayed in and I have stayed in quite a few in dubai .The actual hotel is impressive, the rooms enormous, the views superb but the winning conbination of fantastic attentive staff coupled with the best breakfast in dubai make it my number one hotel in dubai from now on.Many thanks to Lax and all the staff (everyone of them) for making it a holiday not to be forgotten and boy do I miss my eggs benidict now.	
Sep 20 2009 	Still a great Hotel !	We stayed here in July and returned for 4 nights this month prior to staying at the jumeirah Beach Hotel. Had a fantastic time here and the staff were all great, in particular the Barman at the pool, Kevin. The Pool, Breakfast, Hotel location and staff attitude top notch. Will be back in November ! Just one complaint, why no alcohol after 7.00pm in the executive lounge when they serve it in the restaurants and issimo`s Bar ? Think its cost saving not Ramadan ?	
Sep 20 2009 	A cozy place in the heart of the city	A cozy and trendy hotel...The room was very spacious. The service was excellent. Food was average. Excellent place to stay over night or 2.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent Excellent Excellent	MB&amp;SB Oswestry UKJust come back from a one week stay at the Hilton Dubai Creek. What can I say apart from the above. The room had the wow factor as soon as we opened the door and the view we had was fantastic. If you are staying here make sure you get a breathtaking view of the creek. You could see the Burj Dubai, Burj Al Arab and even the QE2 from our room.All the staff are very helpful and courteous and a special mention has to go to Kamal who looked after the pool bar excellently and nothing was to much trouble for him. Cant say one bad word about the staff at all.We loved it when we came back to our room each evening to find fresh towels on our bed but made into the shapes of different creatures. We had an elephant, swans and a butterfly to name just a few. Very original idea.The hotel is close to lots of attractions around the creek but if you are looking for a complete beach holiday then I suggest you look for a resort location on Jumeriah beach. The hotel did run a shuttle bus each morning to the sister Hilton on the beach which was great. It runs at 11am and returns at 4pm.Like other people have said in other reviews Ramadan is not the best time of year to go as you cant eat or drink in public and all cafes and restaurants in all the Malls etc were closed until 7pm. Alcohol couldnt be drank until after 7:30pm and even then you were restricted to wear you could drink. It didnt really affect our holiday as we had the great breakfasts every morning in the Glasshouse which were fab. These kept us going all day so we only had to get an evening meal.Pool is small but is adequate and the views are stunning. Poolside bar for snacks was also very convenient and we ate here a couple of nights and the prices were not to bad. If you want to have an evening meal in one of the two Gordon Ramsey restaurants make sure you have lots of money in your wallet. Verre will write it off and the Glasshouse will severely dent it.Overall a great hotel. Would def recommend staying here but like I said if you want a beach holiday I would look at hotels further down the road.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great for enjoying the town	This is a nice hotel. We stayed two days in the executive with view on the skyscrapers; very impressive views. The advantage of this hotel is the view on the skyscrapers and its favorable location for exploring the old town. However, if you come to Dubai for the beaches, than there are much better alternatives.	
Sep 16 2009 	An excellent and central location	Stayed here with my wife overnight to break the flights between Paris and Perth. Room spacious and scrupulously clean, reception staff courteous and helpful. Room service very good. Would choose this hotel again for a longer stay in Dubai.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel for city break but not for vacations	Hilton Dubai Creek is one of best hotels which i stayed in. Design is beautiful and hotel is very modern. The rooftop swimming pool is fantastic. Food &amp; drinks were great. Customer service - excellent, ( except front desk and conciarge department.).Perfect location for people staying on business, not really for young people which looking for fun and entertainment. Free shuttle bus to the beach was very good idea to give guests opportunity spend day on great Hilton Jumeirah beach. I would say: this hotel is great for city break but not for a vacations. GOOD ADVICE for everybody who would like have lots fun over there: don't plan trip to UAE in september! (ramadan). You can't event drink water in public, country is very quiet and lots bars &amp; entertainments are closed.	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent would come back!	Rooms excellent with fantastic panaromic views of Dubai. Excellent, food, both restaurants had excellent choices which made it so really difficult to choose where to eat.It really was such a hard choice to choose between Gordan Ramsay Verre or Glasshouse . The hotel has a courtesy bus which takes you to the Dubai Jumeriah hotel. where you can walk along the beach such a pity we were not told that we were going to the beach as we would have packed swimsuits.So for future reference take your swimwear along.All in all it was an amazing experience and one of the top recomondations would be a night safari recomended by the hotel. I am so glad I went on one It has to be the total highlight of my holiday!	
Sep 2 2009 	Good hotel	Was initally concerned about some of the negative reviews on facebook, but need not have been. Had a really nice, clean spacious room. Good central location for anyone wanting to stay in Dubai for a few days. Anything longer then that you may wish to stay in a resort type of hotel. Only downside was that the pool was rather small. Overall this is a very good hotel and I would recommend this hotel for a short stay.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great choice for the Dubai Creek area	This is a good choice if you want to stay near Dubai creek on business or pleasure or you are just looking for somewhere comfortable to stay close to the airport.Rooms are spacious and modern, and you may be lucky enough to get a room with views of the creek. The rooftop swimming pool is a real bonus. The traditional Dubai souks are a short taxi ride away. The new Dubai shopping mall is about 15 mins away by Taxi.We didn't eat in the hotel other than for breakfast, which have to say was pretty average.Great hotel for a few days, but if you are planning a longer holiday stay, you might want to choose one of the resort hotels with more extensive facilities and grounds	
Aug 21 2009 	Perfect! Just perfect...	We stayed here for a week on our honeymoon and the hotel was simply fantastic. We booked a corner room with a creek view and we were not disappointed! The room was huge - and so was the bed.The hotel staff couldn't do enough for you - with every little detail looked after.The rooftop pool is superb (in my opinion the best in Dubai) and if you want the beach, the hotel offer a free transfer to the Hilton at the beach.Our rate included breakfast and this was a fantastic start to the day - never before have I been so keen to make it to breakfast. In the hotel is Gordon Ramsey's Verre - not as good as Claridges (in my opinion) but still pretty good and a sign of how strong food in Dubai is becoming.	
Aug 5 2009 	Brilliant!	We stayed for a two day stopover on our way to Egypt. We decided on this hotel because we wanted to visit the souks, which are close, and we didn't want to stay in crowded and noisy large hotels surrounded by construction work - we were definitely justified in our choice!We booked two executive rooms and the extra cost was definitely worth it with free airport transfers, free breakfast, access to executive lounge all day with free softdrinks or tea/coffee and snacks and free internet access, and a two hour 'happy hour' every evening with free alcohol and very substantial hot snacks (we didn't need to eat dinner either night!).We arrived very early - about 6am - after a long flight and our rooms were ready for us. The staff made us feel very welcome and suggested we freshen up, have some breakfast in the lounge and then take a dip in the rooftop pool - which we did - welcome indeed! Staff everywhere were polite, helpful and friendly - the pool guy brought us glasses filled with ice (unasked) for our bottled water; the exec bar guy made us special cocktails and always filled our glasses up to the brim before happy hour ended; and the cleaning staff were proffessional and thorough, always remembering to replace used items. We felt very pampered.The hotel itself is very classy - all chrome and glass - and the rooms are stunning. Our very spacious corner exec room had two floor to ceiling glass walls with wonderful views over the creek to new Dubai and to the desert in the other direction - did't close the curtains once!. The furnishings were first class and the beautiful marble, chrome and glass bathroom had everything you need and a very nice view from the spa bath.We didn't eat dinner in the restaurants but had a beautiful breakfast in the Glasshouse - a very substantial and tasty buffet.The rooftop pool is fairly small (there weren't many people there so this wasn't a problem for us) but has stunning views and is very clean and well maintained. If you need your fix of sunbathing on the beach you can catch the free shuttle to the sister hotel at Jumeirah Beach - departs at 11am and returns at 4pm each day (about a 30 minute trip). We caught the shuttle there to have a look before our lunch at the Burj al Arab (a great experience!) and, although it looked to be a lovely hotel, we were glad we weren't staying there as the pool and lobby were crowded with people - just not our idea of a relaxing break.The hotel is only 5-10 minutes drive from the airport and a short taxi ride (about $20AUD/10 English pounds) to Dubai Mall and the Burj Dubai. We actually found the taxis quite reasonably priced and used them to take us around to see all the fascinating buildings.I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai (unless you particularly want to be on the beach) and I will definitely stay there again next time I'm travelling that way.	
Jul 31 2009 	Very modern and pricey hotel	We stayed for 4 nights bed and breakfast prior to boarding a cruise at Port Rushid. The location was away from many sightseeing spots apart from seeing the dhows being loaded and unloaded at the near by quays. Taxis however were the best valued item in Dubai surprisingly and we used them extensively. The hotel reception was all glass and polished steel and our arrival was dealt with speed and a professional approach. The standard room, on the eighth floor, was very large with floor to ceiling windows and had a view of the creek looking eastwards to Port Rushid in the distance. The black marble bathroom was large and well stocked with cosmetic products as you would expect in a 5* hotel. The full breakfast had a wide selection buffet but you could also order from the menu freshly cooked additional items. We did not eat dinner in the very expensive Gordon Ramsey's inhouse restaurant but there is an inhouse coffee shop which is more reasonably priced. An excellent hotel but rather pricey but then it is Dubai.	
Jul 27 2009 	Room with a View!	Stayed 4 nights at Dubai Creek Hilton and loved it! I was on 11th floor and had a panoramic view (at least mostly panoramic) view of Dubai. The walls were actually windows and I never closed them! Thats big as at home I don´t hardly open blinds (travel a lot too). The hotel is 5 min taxi from Centre Mall, where you can get on the Tour Bus for the city. It is on other side of Dubai from the housing developments, Dubai Mall (most stores in world) and Mall of Emirates (ski slope), etc. However, I would stay again. Great executive floor. The Service was Impeccable! Gavin, in Exec lounge and the Concierge fellas were awesome! Internet can be suspect in hotel and is VERY expensive (as it was in a few cities in Europe = $30 bucks`a day) but free in Executive lounge. Hotel is 10 mins from Airport without traffic so it can be a place of value when in Dubai. Some top designer designed it and it has a Gordon Ramsey from Hells Kitchen tv show restaurant in it. Good breakfast. Service is phenomenal.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fab hotel! Book here if you want a brill holiday!	wow what can i say? this hotel is phenomenal! marble floors, walls, modern interior, friendly/polite staff – couldn’t do more to please you here - rooftop swimming pool, large spacious rooms, huge bathroom, excellent maid service. we stayed here a long weekend and did not want to leave. we booked an executive room which comes with transfers, a fabulous choice of breakfast, executive lounge (incl. drinks and food such as fruit, scones, pastries during the day, 2hrs of happy hour 6-8pm where you can have any alcoholic drinks or soft drinks for free) situated on the top 3 floors of the hotel giving a great view - amazing! definately worth the extra! you are constantly brought cold towels when sunbathing by the pool to cool you down along with ice tea free of charge. staff are fab here, always smiling! a shuttle bus runs from 11am and brings you back at 4pm (free of charge)from the other hilton hotel on the beach.....the beach is gorg white sandy beaches and the water is hot - like a big bath lol so definately go here! dhow dinner cruises at night are great too - only 460 dirham for 2 people - sails up and down dubai creek for 2hours but night time is still about 30degrees here so will still be hot even when the sun isnt around any longer so drink plenty water! weather during day is hot hot hot - not that i was complaining. all hotel/rooms/restaurants/shopping malls are fully air conditioned. taxis are no more than about 25 dirhams to city centre for shopping (£4 sterling) and are all very clean and all that we were in were brand new cars almost with leather seats.definately will be returning here, and for much longer than 4 days next time!! just book - you wont be disappointed! :)	
Jul 2 2009 	Outstanding Service 	Whilst booking our Honeymoon, we decided to stop off in Dubai for 3 days &amp; chose the Hilton Dubai Creek before reading any reviews. We were a little nervous about our choice after reading some of the mixed reviews on here, however, we shouldn't have been.The hotel is excellent. The staff were extremely helpful, polite and attentive and actually seemed to enjoy chatting to you, rather than it just being a part of their job. The Concierge were very helpful &amp; informative and arranged afternoon tea for us at the Burj Al Arab. A truely awesome experience!The bedroom was very spacious and comfortable, with floor to ceiling windows over looking the creek. The roof top pool was very welcome as a pleasent breeze drifted across to help cool you down from the 40 degree heat.We didn't eat in Gordon Ramsey's Verre because it seemed extremely expensive, however the food in Glasshouse, which is prepared by his brigade, was excellent and a lot cheaper.The only down side for me personally was the hotel bar. Although the service &amp; drinks were excellent, smoking was allowed in there and the extraction system didn't seem to work that well. Maybe it is just me being used to the non smoking bars in the UK?Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Hilton Dubai Creek. It's location is great, not too far from anywhere, and the overall decor &amp; service is superb.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great hotel choice in Dubai	We were only visiting Dubai for 2 days and wanted a good base in which to do/see as much as possible. The Hilton Dubai Creek reviews were excellent and we were not disappointed. The room was large and the bed very comfy and we had a view of the creek, which was nice. The bathroom was very large and clean with both bath and shower. The staff were very helpful and couldn't do enough to assist us with any queries. I had requested an early check in which was available when we arrived at 8 am. I did join the HiltonHonours reward scheme prior to booking, so it may be possible that they are more willing to accommodate members. It doesn't cost anything to join.The pool on the roof is a welcome retreat after a days sightseeing in Dubai, with wonderful views out over the creek.The hotel is about a 15 minute drive from the airport by taxi. There are also taxis available outside the hotel all day as it is not comfortable to walk anywhere in the heat. The taxi fares are very reasonable for getting around Dubai. During our stay we did a desert safari which I would recommend, these include, dune bashing in 4x4s, camel farm, camel rides, dinner, bellydancing etc. There are many tour companies which offer the same deals and all will pick up from the hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful Place to Stay In Dubai	I am writing this review because I can not believe some of the reviews I read before I went to the Hilton Dubai Creek. One review said that the hotel needed to be remodeled and updated, I think they are the ones that need to keep up with the times and maybe take a trip to Chicago, New York or LA to experience what is going on in the 21st century, not all hotels need to be frumpy English cherry wood paneling. The Hilton Dubai Creek reminded me of the the &quot;W&quot; in Chicago, a sort of high style boutique look that is decidedly American. Minimalist modern in perfect contrast to the backdrop of skyscrapers outside the floor to ceiling windows. The service was excellent, the food was very good and the staff polite and attentive. I always stay at American hotels as they are the best in the world and I am American, this has been one of my nicest experiences and I am planning to make the Hilton Dubai Creek my home away from home.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very nice hotel great service.	We arrived at about 8am after a very long journey from Canada to London, then onto Dubai. I had booked a room with 2 beds and was told that they were sold out and were only going to be able put us in a room with 1 bed, which I said was unnaceptable. I was upgraded to a suite which took care of the problem but I am sure my Diamond status helped things. The early checkin was appreciated.This was the only glitch of the stay, the staff were some of the best I have experienced anywhere. Pool on the roof was fantastic, Dubai Creek is across the street. Concierge recommended Irish Village for beers and dinner one evening, it is worth the visit. The Executive lounge also offered a decent breakfast, and in the evening had one of the better lounge receptions with free drinks and finger food that I have seen in any Hilton.I later stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah resort and although I wouldn't hesitate staying at the Dubai Creek again if there on business, I would definitely choose the Jumeirah location if travelling with my family.	
Jun 11 2009 	Wonderful Stopover Close to the Old Town	My teenage son and I stayed in this hotel on the way to Doha in Qatar for 2 nights. The personnel were really good. We arrived early at 7am. I had asked for early check-in but had said 8am (didn't realise the Dubai airport would be so efficient). Anyway, the room wasn't quite ready so we partook of the excellent breakfast buffet and then to our room with views over the Dubai Creek.All in all, the visit was lovely - the location is great and the staff are great.	
Jun 2 2009 	Perfect for our weeks vacation	Stayed for a weeks holiday at the Hilton Dubai Creek 17/5/9 to 24/5/9. Excellent hotel staff all very helpful. Lovely room overlooking the creek. Breakfast was included in our trip and was delicious and we didnt need to eat again all day after that! (OK did try out room service once or twice which was excellent!).Small roof top pool lovely and refreshing and fantastic views.Gym good enough for when you are on holiday!The hotel has a sister hotel on the Jumeirah Beach front and you can get a courtesy shuttle bus leaving at 11am and returning at 4pm.(Make sure you book this via the concierge as it got busy).We spent a couple of days at The Hilton on the beach and it was excellent and worth the trip. Also you can use the courtesy bust to get you to the other side of town instead of catching a taxi as its about a 30 minute ride which otherwise youd get a taxi for. You are not obliged to catch it back so if your plans change thats fine.The hotel is actually situated close to the creek and you can catch a small boat along the creek to the textile souks ( about £1 each) and then you catch other boats over to the spice and gold souks. Its a 10 minute (rather hot) walk to the Dubai City Mall which is open until midnight and has a takeaway food area should you fancy something to eat but dont want to actulally go out for a meal as such. There are taxis readily available at the hotel.Use the ones with the coloured roofs as they are cheaper than the other &quot;luxury&quot; ones and perfectly acceptable and reasonably priced. We went on a desert safari which included wadi bashing (driving a 4 wheel drive over the dunes), sand boarding, a very short camel ride, a barbeque, a belly dancer and some local clothes to dress up in! Good fun and Id recommend it.Also try out Ski Dubai, which is in the Emirates shopping mall. It was about 200 dirhams for 4 hours (£35) and you get the clothing and ski hire for that (Take your own hat and gloves as these are not provided)Wild Wadi was a good fun day out too.It is a water park situated in the shadow of the Burj al Arab.The new Dubai Mall is a fantastic sight with an ice rink, a huge aquarium, fashion shows , musicians performing and a magnificent fountain diplay set to music (as at the Bellagio in Las Vegas). Every shop you can think of has a store there and I think its the largest mall in the world.(right next to the largest building)This hotel was in a perfect location for us as had we stayed on the beach theres a good chance we wouldnt have bothered to explore as much as we did.It is only about 15 minutes drive from the airport so if you havent sorted out transpot a taxi ride shouldnt cost you much at all. No issues with airplane noise though which was good.Fantastic time and Id definitely use this hotel again for a holiday.It seemed to be used part business and part holidaymakers so the pool area is not usually too busyDubai is amazing.Definitely go....	
May 17 2009 	Window with a view that is surpassed by none	My neice and I stayed because we had a 24 hour layover in Dubai on our way to Ghana. I can't say enough about the Hospitality of UAE Airlines and the Hotel Staff.They really put most US airlines to shame by comparision.We were really impressed that they had a room available within 30 minutes of our arriving in UAE and after a 12 hour flight from JFK it certainly was a pleasant surprise.The first impression of the room is indescribable The main window is floor to ceiling and it better appreciated at night when all the city lights are on.We were fortunate that the hotel arranged a city tour. One of those hop on/hop off types that centainly was time much better served than sitting around thw hotel or striking out on your own.It is obvious that there are many hotels in Dubai our choice was based strickly on Brand Name and Internet description. Very good choice !!!	
May 13 2009 	One of Hilton's jewels in the Crown	Just had 3 beautiful nights at this Hilton. Husband on business but we managed to enjoy the hotel in between his meetings organised at the hotel - very sensible! We have top status with HHonours so were upgraded to an enormous corner suite with floor to ceiling windows directly overlooking and with wide-ranging views up and down the creek. Watching the dhows being loaded and unloaded was very entertaining. The bathroom was hidden behind double mirrored doors and revealed black/white/grey granite everywhere, including a large spa bath at one end and a sparkling glass shower at the other end. The huge and of course, amazingly comfortable bed faced the wall of windows and afforded amazing views at night. Very comfortable leather chairs and a top-quality executive desk and chair completed the picture. The executive floor hospitality was excellent, very good food and abundant service of drinks, wine and beer included. It was revealing to choose seats directly above the perspex ceiling over Gordon Ramsey's &quot;Verre&quot; restaurant. Not much business going on in there! A 3-course meal started at 355 dirhams without any drinks. One couple sat alone for the whole of their meal! One evening we were told they only had eight covers during the whole night. In contrast, the Hilton &quot;happy 2 hours&quot; was pleasantly busy with a good ambience. The gym was of a reasonable size and well-equipped enough, although probably geared more for male than female usage. Room service food was excellent with no disappointments. The hotel is in a good location, being close to the areas that tourists like to browse. A visit to the GoldLand building of the Gold Souk area proved particularly fruitful for my birthday! The temperature was high for the time of year at 42 degrees and you certainly don't feel like being outdoors for long periods of time. We have booked a further 4 nights at the end of May after our present 2 weeks in Europe. Can't wait.	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice location	Very good location. However indian food is not available.	
Apr 9 2009 	Amazing experience. The rooftop pool is worth the price alone.	The hotel doesn't look special from the outside. And it doesn't impress you much even when you enter the lobby. But the magic happens in the room and the rooftop pool.I booked an executive plus room and it was spectacular. Great lighting. Comfy bed. Cool amenities. But the view made my day. I had a corner room with floor to ceiling windows. I could see the creek below and the dubai skyline right infront of me. It was a view to remember.Specially at dawn. I swithed off all the lights, just sat on the floor near the windows and watched the natural color of the world around me change from black to orange and white. It was hypnotic and very soothing!The toilet was ultra chic. Best of all it had a jacuzzi! After a long day of shopping you could just let the jacuzzi massage your body. By the end of the night, I felt I had got my money's worth. But I almost forgot the rooftop pool.So the next morning I went to checkitout and the view just took my breath away! Plus the atmosphere was so cool (literally btw because it was raining that day), that you could just sit there for hours and let all your worries fly away.I didn't have much time so I just sat there with my eyes closed for 5 minutes. And those 5 mins were some of the best moments I spent in dubai.So if you've the budget - go for this hotel. I booked in advance online and paid around 1500 AED/ night. Which is around $400. Also stayed at le meredian mina seyahi for around the same price. But if I had to choose I'd choose this hotel hands down!	
Apr 7 2009 	Lovely place lovely staff.	On arriving at 6am we were upgraded to a deluxe room and allowed in there and then, fantastic after a 14-hour flight from Melbourne. Stopped off for two days on the way back to Glasgow.The room was massive and had floor to ceiling windows overlooking the creek. It was contemporary and the bathroom had a massive bath, bidet and a shower.The staff were brilliant from the bellboy, concierge, reception to the guy who cleaned our room. They made us very welcome and feel special and wen't out their way to organise trips and taxis for us.The hotel deserves its five stars and boasts a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We ate in the other, less pricey one, and the food was stunning. A meal for two with soft drinks cost about 60 GBP which we felt was good value for Dubai.It's in the creek area and a bit away from the bright lights and dazzle of the city. But we liked being a bit out the way and taxis are not too dear. Its also very convenient for the airport, which is only about 10 mins away.The hotel had small swimming pool and a bar on the rooftop which offered a great view over the place and the Burj Dubai in the distance.There are more luxurious hotels in Dubai but this one was down to earth yet elegant and the service was that of a five-star deluxe. We paid over 200 GBP a night for a room and breakfast but, given prices for Dubai at that time of year, it was one of the cheaper five-star properties.	
Apr 4 2009 	Noisy plumbing mediocre service and food poor leisure facilities - stay elsewhere	Stayed in Hilton Creek Dubai for 4 nights. Is in good central location, close to old city - incl. gold &amp; spice souqs - and creek. Difficult to sleep well, due to bizarre and noisy plumbing system. Can hear neighbours running water, can see the pipes through ventilation system. Breakfast and dinner in Glasshouse restaurant is mediocre. Some staff can be grumpy and downright nasty. Tiny roof top pool, also very small gym facility. A mosque is currently been build right next door, which means early morning prayer. Recommend to stay elsewhere.	
Apr 1 2009 	Quality Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights on stopover to Maldives. Got a halfprice deal on Amazon so price worked out just under 150 GBP per night which is good for a hotel of this quality.Room was spacious and had everything required. Hotel is beautifully laid out with a rooftop swimming pool if the need takes you. As I have an ancient Hilton honours card, we had the benefit of using the club and on a couple of nights exploited the generosity of the waiters when pouring out fine wines!Never tried the Ramsay restauramt, but the breakfasts were quality. Bar downstairs was also good and excellent for watching sport!	
Mar 28 2009 	Very good - but not impressed	To conclude the hotel itself - it's a perfect business hotel, great spacious room with everything you need, friendly- and serviceminded staff and a perfect location in &quot;Old Dubai&quot;. Added values is the rooftop pool, Verre by Gordon Ramsey and a free shuttle service to Hilton at Dubai Jumeirah Beach. We was also picked up by their very ncie Audi limousine at the aiport upon arrival on complimentary basis. We had a Large King Corner Executive wich had a nice view of the creek. Everything you expect from a upper-end Hilton with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn premium amenities, free bottled mineral water, great beds, turndown service etc. Nice to make your own coffee in the Lavazza machine. One night it was thunder at we could see the thounders going over the Sheik Al Zayed road from the hughe windows. They could be better to clean the room, due I find both a black small hair in the bathtub as well as old candle lights. We visit the Verre by Gordon Ramsey - it was a fantastic evening. A great selection of both wines and food together with delicated service. It's well worth the money. If you want to eat outside the hotel (the other restaurant where we had breakfast was a little bit boring) you should visit the Radisson SAS Hotel with several restaurants! Roomservice to resonable prices and is a wide menu. We had a pasta one evening wich was great. The Executive lounge isn't so great, I was happy to stayed at a Bed &amp; Breakfast rate because it was a poor selection of breakfast items in the lounge buffet. The Hilton Breakfast in restaurant was, as always, great!Small annying things in their service is that we had to wait over 15 min to get our luggage to be bring down from the room, once we tried to call front desk and they didn't answer as well as they messed up our bills at the pool bar wich took over 20 minutes to solve. I would stay here again but should consider to stay at the Radisson SAS if I was to Dubai in business and Hilton Jumeirah if I was for leisure.	
Mar 25 2009 	Beautiful room. Surprisingly charming location.	You cannot go wrong staying at this hotel. It was one of the best 4 star hotels we have experienced. If you like &quot;old Dubai&quot; (creekside) as opposed to &quot;new Dubai&quot; (the ultra-luxury areas in Jumeirah about 15 kms. away), this is the place for you. The hotel was designed by Carlos Ott, so the interior is clean and minimalist. Ask for a creek-view room (most rooms are). Definitely try the Gordon Ramsay restaurant (worth the extra price). Your location will overlook the Dhow wharf and will be 3 blocks from the abra crossing to the souk and historic area (catch the abra to the &quot;old souk&quot;). There is a promenade along the creek that affords you a scenic walk (about 6 kilometres return). And, there is a shuttle bus to the Hilton on Jumeirah Beach....definitely leave time for this as the grounds of this beach hotel are remarkable. There is a spa and there are many good restaurants within walking distance (or across the creek by abra...cost is 1 dirham per person). Rooftop swimming pool and bar---small, but charming nevertheless.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Small Hotel	This hotel is good, as the title says small -by Dubai standards - small bar area however very nice staff, nice atmosphere, nice bar food.Rooms are large and have a wow factor the bathroom in particular.Has the Gordon Ramsay restaurant suposed to be good never tried it also the glasshouse that is good value with good food.The hotel has a good feel about the place.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fab hotel	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Hilton on our way to Australia, it was by far the best Hotel we stayed in during our Trip to Dubai/Perth/Sydney/Cairns/Melbourne/Singapore, the staff were helpful, pleasent and effecient, the breakfast was excellent and lunch at the rooftop pool bar was good, I used room service on a few occasions for Ice and it was at our door within 5 mins of ringing, the view from the bedroom floor to ceiling windows on the high floors is amazing, if we ever do the journey to Oz again with a stop-over in Dubai this will be the first Hotel booked.	
Feb 13 2009 	Go Executive	What can I say. Superb. Friendly Staff .Check In Great. I booked via Opodo as they had 50 percent off rates in Jan Sale + an extra 10 percent off offered by Opodo if booking done before 31st Jan! And they actually refunded the 10% by the time I was back in UK.I booked Hilton as a stop over for 2 nights on my way to India and travelled with my wife who was not disappointed with my choice of Hotel.I read the reviews and chose to book the executive room which are located on 2floors nearer the top.The room had excellent views overlookin the creek and was in good shape with excellent bathroom.Of course had bath robes and slippers provide.Although Opodo won't tell you tranfers to and from are free when you book Exec, you just phone Hotel direct and speak to coincerage and they will pick you up and take you back to airport for free. Save £15-30.The check in. Well, we arrived at 7.00 am flying Emirates from Manchester to Dubai, Hotel picked us up, room was not due till 2.00pm. We requested early check in. He said no problem .Asked us to go to Exec lounge for b/fat. 45 mins later, he comes in lounge to sya room is ready!!! Were in room by 10.00am And we requested a late check out as flight to India was at night. again we got this extended to late afternoon.Breakfast is included and you can use the Executive Lounge where you have free snacks most of the day and a happy hour in the evg where you can drink to your needs on the house. Drinks alone will save you a packet if you ahd to pay for them. And you can order b/fast in room for free if you are not feeling to keep to the b/fast times.Course, it has Wi-Fi in the lounge and a computer with online access that you can use for free. The staff at the exec lounge are friendly and become your friends just Tip them good and they will look after you.Location is good and can pick up Taxi right outside the Hotel.It has a pool on top which i looked at but did not use. A bar downstairs was visited by me on one night and it had a female- apparently Russian, sat on the stool smiling- but I am married so after a brief scan of the bar I relaxed in the area outside the bar absorbing the atmosphere.Overall, I had a great experience here and would recommend it to anyone looking for a bit of luxury. Of cousre they have a free transfer to the Hiton Jumeriah Beach whereyou can enjoy the beach etc.	
Feb 12 2009 	Brusque and Efficient	The hotel is good for two primary reasons. The view of the creek from the wall to wall window in the room and the central location. The service standards are better than most other hotels in Dubai but does efficiency have to go hand in hand with a brusque cold demeanour ? The executive lounge has a very pleasant atmosphere and a German hostess with a warm smile. The loungue serves free alcohol and snacks from 6 to 8 pm. They do not serve good cocktails but recommend one sticks to wine or beer . The breakfast is ok but we discovered only on day three that one could order hot food at the table. They do not offer this voluntarily. The rooms need some rennovation but the bathrooms and toileteries (crabtree and evelyn) are good.This hotel is primarily used by American and Europeans.Just behind the Hotel is Al Riqa street (5 mins walk) with lots of interesting eateries. Would recommend Al Sadaf Iranian restaurant and Aran Iranian cafe which serves lovely shawarmas in Iranian bread for only ten dirhams.	
Feb 10 2009 	Nice Modern Hotel - good location	Hilton Dubai Creek is in a nice location away frommuch of the construction and near the &quot;old&quot; part of Dubai - the Creek area near. The pool on the roof is delightful, and the restaurant is excellent. The concierge arranged a nice Helicopter trip. All in all a perfect work hotel.	
Jan 14 2009 	Happy New Year at the Hilton!	I wasn't sure what to expect after having read some of the negative reviews on here, but we were there on New Years Eve and it was the best way to enter the New year!We arrived at midnight at the airport where we were greeted by the driver of the Hilton car that was taking us to the hotel. We had booked the Executive plus room which turned out to be a huge beautiful corner room overlooking the Dubai creek. Once we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by the doormen by our names which made me feel very welcome. Check in was quick and pleasant. Lobby is not too big but very modern with lots of glass and steel. It looked beautiful but not the kind of lobby you would sit in and have a drink in the afternoon because it feels a bit cold. We could use the executive lounge with free drinks and snacks in the late afternoon and I just loved that! We also had our breakfast there. It was not a very big breakfast but the qualitly of the juices and the bagles with salmon for example was great!Since we were there on a short holiday (6 nights) we used their shuttlebus to take us to their sisterhotel at the beach. Very good service again. The room you have to see yourself to believe the views. Everywhere you look you see the lights of Dubai and that beautiful bathroom! We even had a jacuzzie! Housekeeping changed our towels at least two times a day and then there was the turndown service at night.There were also a few things I didnt like, like the constant lounge music you here everywhere in the hotel, during breakfast, in the lobby. After a few days I just wanted to hear some normal music instead of that mindnumbing lounge music. And there was the bar that looked nice but I didnt like the atmosphere that much and it was expensive. The glasshouse restaurant is good, not great but nice enough to have dinner there as well.I will go back in May but this time I booked the Hilton Jumeirah at the beach because that looked really nice as well, especially there nice big colourfull lobby.	
Jan 1 2009 	Fabulous Hotel Hilton Dubai Creek UAE	Wonderful Hotel! Sleek steel and glass modern interior and beautifully clean. Excellent service by very attentive staff who go the extra mile for you. Brilliant views from the rooftop pool, especially at night so take your camera. Pool is small but it serves its purpose- good clean showers and changing areas and a very nice poolside bar serving great cocktials and snacks. If you can treat yourelf, then please go to Gordon Ramsey's 'VERRE' which is in the hotel- recpetion will book you a table.The best eating experience we have ever had! Hotel bathroom is space age! Lots of glass, steel and marble. Excellent location and great value for money.I will definately book here again.	
Dec 14 2008 	Favorite Dubai Hotel	This hotel is one of my Dubai favorites and I stay there almost every time I am in Dubai. The location is good for attractions in old Dubai and also if you are just there on a stopover as it is very close to the airport. Diera City Center (mall) is nearby so you can walk and avoid the Dubai Taxis (maybe the worst taxi drivers in the world). The rooms are nice and bathroom is great. If you like to relax with a hot bath at the end of the day, this is your place. Room service quality is great and restaurants in the hotel, including Verre by Gordon Ramsey, are great!I am a frequent Hilton guest when traveling internationally. Maybe they could give Hilton US some pointers, even though they are no longer the same company.One thing for improvement, hotel staff are not aware of location, addresses, directions, etc. This is not unique to Hilton but has more to do with Dubai and the plane loads of expats that arrive each day to work and are given positions and little to no training.	
Dec 11 2008 	Top of its class	My wife and I have stay now 3 times at the Hilton Dubai Creek and have already booked for February and August 2009.If you can afford the extra Deluxe Creekside view which is utterly magical and has floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides, the extra is well worth it and you will not close your curtains for the length of your stay.The decor in the main areas is reminiscent of a cruise liner with stainless steel, polished marble and wood.The staff we found were very attentive to every need and would go out of their way to be both helpful and cheerful.Dining in the hotel is first class and the menus I believe controlled by the celebrated English chef, Gordon Ramsey, and you can see his influence in the dishes in all the restaurants. In conclusion, I would recommend this hotel without question.	
Nov 24 2008 	Went for the architecture was greeted by building work !	We booked a stopover stay in Dubai we stayed for 2 nights before 15 nights in Thailand. Although we booked an Executive room we were only informed that we would receive a free pick up from the airport after we had been on a mystery tour to the hotel with a taxi driver who stopped for 15 minutes to ask for directions. Finally arriving at the Dubai Creek Hilton we were given a beautiful room over looking the harbour. The staff were lovely and gave us early check in and late check out. We were taken to the Jumeriah Beach Hilton at 11am where we realised we should of booked to stay there if we wished to see some atmosphere. We enjoyed a Shisha (£20), drinks from the pool bar and a short walk on the very hot beach (45c). If your staying in a Hilton your best bet is an executive room the free drinks and service make up for the extra expense. We returned to Dubai Creek Hilton for evening drinks in the exec lounge where we were greeted by business men on laptops. Lucky for the attentive staff and a lovely French gentleman who lived in the Hilton when working in Dubai he was kind enough to advise where to go to for some night life. We spent the evening in the Irish Village. I was in the gym at 6.30 then on the roof for a swim before the sun was fully up. The sunrise and the views were amazing. Dubai is fabulous if you love the sun and staying in hotels. But the city where I was looking forward to seeing the fabulous architecture was coated in clouds of dust. A giant building site best seen from the plane. We pre-booked with the Dubai reception for an airport collection to take us to Bangkok's Millenium Hilton but when we arrived there was no car waiting to collect us. It was a shame as this was the only part of the service which let us down.The staff in the airport are so rude. I cant stand people dictating and shouting at the elderly and on our return to the UK the airport cannot accommodate so many people sprawled over the floor and there request for over 300 passengers to stand in single file when there were two cues baffling.	
Nov 9 2008 	fits the bill perfectly - good hotel	We stayed at this hotel for part of our honeymoon and (recognising that most reviewers only read the first sentence of any review we’ll cut to the chase) it was very good.For those still reading………The Hilton Dubai Creek is located on the busy Baniyas Road in the Deira district of Dubai but, despite this central location, feels relatively peaceful and almost serene. Like any hotel, it is to be judged by the quality of its staff and the employees at this place are excellent – always there with assistance, information or simply a greeting.The hotel is located a 30 minute walk along the Creek from the centre of Deira and the popular Gold Souk. It’s location on the motorway-esque Baniyas Road makes it very easy to get to by taxi from anywhere else in Dubai; taxis being a very cheap and cheerful form of transport in what can be a relatively cash-hungry destination.Inside….the lobby promises much with its chrome-littered walls and marble floors. The Issimo bar on the ground floor is a must for any resident who possesses even a passing interest in good cocktails. On the first floor is THE restaurant in Dubai – Gordon Ramsay’s “Verre”. We ate there during our stay and, frankly, cannot recommend it enough….whether you’re staying at the hotel or not!! A small and intimate place that is defined, firstly by the excellence of its staff, and secondly by the brilliance of the food. When we ate there the first choice to be made was between the incredibly tempting tasting menu and the extensive a la carte offerings. Either way, you’ll have no regrets. Needless to say, before reserving your table (which we were told should be at least two weeks in advance) you should be ready to spend in excess of £300 for a meal for two with some decent wine. Whilst convalescing from open-wallet surgery the next day you should head up the creek towards Deira and try the Creekside restaurant opposite the Radisson hotel. What a find!! Mixed kebabs for two with hummus, drinks and a sheesha for about £20 – all whilst sitting in the sun beside the water!!The hidden gem for the Hilton is the roof top pool and bar. Cosy and intimate but with a quite magnificent view over the creek and upper Deira. On a clear night you can sit and enjoy your drink whilst surveying almost the entire city, all the way to the silhouettes of the skyscrapers on Sheik Zayed Road and the now-legendary Burj Al Arab hotel. A lovely setting to watch the sun set or drop in for a drink or two before dinner.The room was lovely. Just enough space to feel comfortable but not too much to encourage recklessness!! It was clean, well appointed and nicely furnished. There is an extensive room service menu and all the usual amenities you would expect (decent in-room toiletries, good safe, ample wardrobe space and TV with various UK channels).Our room was inclusive of breakfast which was served in the Glasshouse restaurant on the first floor. All the usual fare (fruit, cereals, croissants, bread...etc..) plus a choice from a variety of cooked options. We loved the Eggs Benedict!The reason for the rather protracted review is due to the number of negative reflections on this hotel on Trip Advisor (some of which concerned us greatly before we left the UK). Of course everyone can have a different experience of the same hotel but, having had an overwhelmingly positive one, we thought we should at least justify our view!!We suppose that, if we’re going to be pedantic, the potential negative could be price. Whilst the room tariff is reasonable, access to the internet is relatively expensive at approximately £15 for 24 hours. Having visited Thailand and The Maldives where such access is free this was bound to seem excessive but, in fairness, accords with other hotels in Dubai. On the same note, the drinks/food could be regarded as moderately expensive, but again the prices are entirely in line with other hotels/bars in Dubai. For example, expect to spend around £15-£17 on two spirits with mixers and about £4-£5 on a beer.Overall, we wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this hotel to fellow travellers as it properly markets itself as a busy, convenient, city based, large hotel with the service and standards you’d expect from a “big name”. To put it bluntly – it does exactly what it says on the tin.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Hotel	We have been in the hotel on returning home from the Maldives during our honey moon.This is a great hotel! The rooms are very large with many facilities, huge bathrooms and great views.Professional stuff the meat all our needs and help us to arrange dinner in the famous aquarium restaurant of Burj al Arab.The breakfast buffet was normal. Small pool in the roof of the hotel but amazing view from up there! In my opinion this is a great choice for those who want to stay nearest to the city.	
Oct 27 2008 	Nice Room - Awful Service	I chose this hotel for close proximity reasons. As soon as I got there the staff kept me waiting for 2 hours as my room was not ready even though i was a hilton silver card holder and I had emailed in advance to check if all was ok.Rude service from the asian staff members. Price was above average for room but room was nice. Gordon Ramsays Verre was too dark and the staff took its time in serving food. Will def not stay here again.Extremely disappointed.	
Oct 17 2008 	A good base	We stayed here in October for 3 nights on our way home from the Maldives. Having stayed at the beach before we wanted a more central location and to see a bit more of Dubai.The room was excellent. It was a very large room with all the facilities you could want. The bathroom was also big. Mirrors everywhere in the bathroom! Our TV was a bit tempremental and needed to be fixed several times from reception. Breakfast was fab - everything you could think of was available. We also ate in the Glasshouse one night and the food was excellent. The cocktail bar on the ground floor was a bit disappointing - but the cocktails were lovely!The concierge was extremely helpful.This may not be one of the most stunning hotels in Dubai, but it was excellent value and it was a great base for us to explore Dubai.	
Oct 15 2008 	Not expected	i never expect the kind of service to these well known hotel chain.... i've been to a lot of hotels but this one was totally different....a DISAPPOINTMENT!!! From check-in till check-out was horrible.....hotel should changed there ratings as 3 star....	
Sep 28 2008 	Great Break	Stayed in an executive room in the hotel which i would highly recommend to anyone. Some of the perks are you get picked up from the airport in the hotels Audi A8 and taken back for your flight home. You must contact the hotel for this. The executive lounge is nice to relax in and includes free drinks and finger food snacks all day long. There is a happy hour from 18:00 to 20:00 for free alcohol. As we were there during Ramadan this was limited to an hour from 19:00. I believe the executive rooms are larger with better views over the creek.The room was great and fairly spacious. Housekeeping every day and there is a turndown service at night which is good to come home to. Beds were comfy. Bathroom was big in my view and had a seperate tub and shower. Decor is failry modern but not over the top. Rooms have a well stocked mini bar and various english speaking tv channels.Went to both restaurants at the hotel. Verre by Gordon Ramsay was a great experience and the food was excellent. A menu can be requested if you contact the hotel via email. To clear up any confusion, Gordon Ramsay has cooked there and has one of his chefs installed there. I didnt think the food was that expensive, although some of the vino was well priced. The glasshouse food was good also was more moderately priced. Could not complain about quality or service.The service at the hotel was great. Concerige was very helpful and are able to organise anything for you, from taking you to a jewellers to arranging a safari trip.Hotel is in a good location for the souks and is just a cheap taxi ride away from the beach and mall of emirates. There is a service that allows you to use the hilton jumeriah beach facillities, a bus takes you there at 11:00 and picks you up at 16:00. Journey is about 30-40mins. We went to Wild Wadi water park and its a good day out, costs 195dhms each for an adult so it isn't that cheap though. Also did a desert safari, again was great. You get picked up at 16:30 and arrive home at 20:30. Included in the price is an bbq and drinks.	
Sep 21 2008 	A real let down	Stayed for 3 nights as reviews when i booked were pretty good, but we were not impressed, firstly we were kept waiting to check in, then for our rooms, even though it was 4pm. Room was like a bachelor pad!! Lots of black, leather, chrome and mirrors, plus a grotty looking worn carpet. The shower was so badly designed it flooded the whole of the bathroom floor. Breakfast was the only half decent event, plenty of choice and attentive staff. For a city that really only offers hotels shops and sunshine it was one of the worst hotels i have stayed in. The pool area was embarrassingly bad, i really would only recommend this place to people i do not like !!	
Sep 20 2008 	Great hotel Great location Great place to be!	The Dubai Creek Hilton is located right near the Dubai Creek with a beautiful view of Dubai. How much can I really say though, afterall, this is the Hilton! My only complaint is the charge of 100 Dirhams for internet access. One would think that a large business hotel such as this would just include access in the hotel fee, as most business travellers are going to want this. Still, this hotel is a great place and I am very happy I stayed.	
Sep 18 2008 	Modern hotel with tough competition	Under normal circumstances, the Hilton Dubai Creek would probably get a very high mark. The property appears to be quite new, the rooms are stylish, modern, bordering &quot;design&quot;, clean, great views and good value for money.But in Dubai competition is so tough with so many great hotels at good prices, the Hilton suddenly only becomes a good average choice.Bottom line: good hotel in a central location, close to the airport (some limited noise), value for money. Chose this hotel if you are looking for a high class bed and don't care about the waiting list for some of the more stunning hotels.	
Sep 5 2008 	Very poor service	I visited the hotel for business In August 2008 and wanted to write a summary of my experience.Good points1. The 'corner' rooms are excellent and have fantastic views over the Creek. These can be booked as the 'plus' rooms. The lower you are however I would assume that the noise would be lounder as you're on a very musy main road. Well worth the extra £20 or so charged.2. The rooftop pool has cold wated pumped into it, and in the really hot months is a great place to relax (well..one of the only places!). The bar is not too expensive (£5 for a cocktail) and the views are great.3. Although small, the gym is very welcoming, has free weights and the changing areas fantastic.4. Verre: although there is little in the way of atmosphere in the restaurant, meat/ fish eaters will like this. For vegetarians, the chioce is poor for the price, and I'd recomment local restaurants (indian/ lebanese).5. Free use of Hilton Jumeriah beach facilities with busses each day directly to the hotel.6. Comtemporary design - if you like glass, chrome and sleek furnishings, this hotel's for you (vs the more 'traditional' Jumeriah beach Hilton).Poor1. The service is appaling. There is a surface of a 'can do' attitude, however beneath this they really don't care. 2. The Executive Lounge is the worst I have ever been to (this offers unlimited snacks throughout the day and free alcohol from 6-8pm. It's free for all Hhonord Diamond members, and you can pay a supplement for access when booking (to an Executive room). The 'food' is rarely replaced and there is absolutely no food after 8pm....not even crisps/ snacks (and it's open until 1130pm!). They're reasonably friendly in the Alcohol hour, but you have to be served (guess to cut down what's drunk!) and after 8pm they put the lights up and only have soft drinks (with the need to always ask for basics like ice etc!!). Utterly poor Lounge, and whilst you may get the financial return if you cram in a lot of drink in the 6-8pm period, this is appaling for entertaining guests/ clients. 3. The management: any problem seems to take ages to be rectified (if at all).....this is in stark contrast to other hotels in Dubai where they really appreciate that clients are paying a lot of money and have options where to go. OverallThis hotel is fine if you like design (and a good Creek view) over substance. If you can overlook poor service, an atrocious Executive Lounge with complett lack of service standards then consider it. The rooftop pool certainly is a big bonus for the location right in Deira. However, should anything go wrong or you expect a touch more personality then go to one of the beach resorts (or a 'city' hotel on Sheikh Zayed road ) where they value custom a lot more. This hotel seems to rely too much on its 'designer name' and Hilton-loyal customers who collect points/ have the company paying.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great for the price	Hilton Dubai Creek is a must stay for early check in’s. located 5 minutes from the Airport, overlooking the Creek. There is a small but spacious rooftop pool with bar service and spectacular views over the city.At 1100 ( return 1600) there is a complimentary shuttle to Jumierah Hilton , where you may use the facilities for free.The in house Gym is locate on the 1st floor its small and limited, but serves it’s purpose.As you know Verre is located within the building, but I recommend leaving the hotel and going next door to the Twin Towers , where on the top floor you can have the most sumptuous Iranian buffet ( go on a weekend where the selection is greater).Also the Diera City Centre ( Mall) is 5 minutes drive away. Be warned, when the mall closes the queue for a cab is around 40 minutes. So you can walk it ( 1.5 KM) or leave earlierOtherwise a perfect city getaway	
Aug 14 2008 	Gives Hilton a Bad Name	Just stayed for one night, so my impressions are quite limited. I would advise travellers to consider carefully before booking into this hotel.Waited about 45 mins (at 4pm in the afternoon) before being allowed to check in. Apparently there was a 'manager's meeting', but who wants to wait in a lobby for so long after a long trip?Housekeeping service is horrible. I waited for over 90mins and had to call three times before an electrical adaptor finally arrived.The decor is pretty weird. All chrome, glass and general darkness. Not exactly a warm and welcoming environment.The broadband access is expensive (100dms a day) if you don't include this in your room booking.After such a bad experience, the 'aren't we great' type of advertising throughout the hotel rings hollow. Basically the place is overpriced and understaffed. These guys need a lesson in good management.	
Jul 27 2008	Great view from the balcony	I stayed in the Hilton Dubai Creek for four nights in July and all I can say is wow. From the time I was picked up from the airport in a very comfortable Audi A8 to the time I checked out the service and experience was great. It is not that common these days when the staff greats you by name when you enter the hotel. The room was fantastic with a wrap around balcony and a full sized bar. Service was also very good, infact uopn arrival I neglected to purchase a calling card, no worries, the front desk sent someone out to purchase etilsat calling cards for me and this was after 11pm. I plan on staying here during my next mini holiday in Dubai. Be advised that the suites do not show up on the Hilton website, you will have to call the toll free number to inquire.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good location but poor service	Overall my husband and I enjoyed staying at the Dubai Creek but there is room for improvement. The hotel is beautiful and the Gordon Ramsay Verre restaurant is conveniently located inside. We had a beautiful view of downtown Dubai, but we were on the 4th floor which was too close to the busy street. The room was very nice, floor to ceiling windows, and the bathroom was fantastic (large bathtub and separate shower).The customer service needs to improve. No one helped us bring our bags in and we stood at the counter for a few minutes before we were attended to. I've had better experiences in the Executive Lounge in other Hilton Hotels. Again the service was not up to par.The location is great... you can walk everywhere from the hotel if you can bare the heat!	
Jul 15 2008 	I love this hotel!!	A new executive club lounge has improved the overall experience at this hotel. The staff are keen, well-informed and make a point of greeting guests by name.Prices vary pretty wildly but the value for money is great - the rooms are spacious, with excellent facilities, and the Glasshouse restaurant offers good international cuisine (I've never ventured into Verre).As well as being great for business travel they also cater for holidaymakers - although why anyone would choose Dubai for a holiday is beyond me - and there's a shuttle service down to their sister hotel at Jumeirah.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great hotel - if you want real Dubai	This is a great hotel. If you are looking for something near a beach with loads of activities, then it is not for you. But if you want a real taste of Dubai, then it is great. It is really close to the centre (souks, shopping centres, etc). We stayed there for 4 nights. We upgraded to a Executive Panoramic Plus room. It was well worth it as the view is amazing over the creek. The pool is small but clean and very useful. Staff was very friendly. We stayed during Ramadan. But food was served in one of the restaurants. Lunch and breakfast were both excellent (we didn’t have dinner there). As part of our upgrade we had free private transfers. I only found out as I emailed to say we would be arriving late. So well worth contacting them in advance.	
Jun 28 2008 	Some nice touches but not the best in Dubai	Interesting location - great view of the creek if you are lucky enough to get an exec suite with creek view.Some problems with lack of hot water and flooded bathroom which took a little time to resolve.Nice roof top pool with great views over Dubai.SOme staff very friendly, others have difficulty to understand english.Average exec lounge.Bit of a trek to get to Sheikh Zayet Road, Business centre and Jumeriah beach but very good for the airport.Overall - average score only.	
Jun 20 2008 	Travel Agent Loves The Hilton!	My wife and I wanted to stay in the city this time in Dubai as we stayed on the beach last time. So we booked the Hilton and we loved it.When we arrived they couldnt find our booking, as we arrived late I couldnt call my work. But this was no problem, they said its fine you check in to your room and we will call them tomorrow. We did and it was all sorted.We got into the room and its just like the web site. All the rooms have Creek views and the bathrooms are very cool.We where only Room Only but had room service, which was good value and very quick.As this is a business hotel the pool and gym are not big but your not on holiday to work out! The pool is on the roof so you can see across Dubai and looks amazing at night (pool closed at 9pm)There are only about 20 or so sun beds so if the hotel is busy you better hope its full of business people or get up there early. But as I said its a business hotel so its what we expected.There is a small shop there to get afew bits and bobs and bars etc but didnt really go in them to check them out.Overall Id say its a very good hotel with large rooms and bathrooms, if you want to try stay on the Creek stay here.You can also use the bus to go to other Hilton and use there pool etc.	
Jun 15 2008 	Bad Service/ Rude staff	I'll never come back to this hotel, aside having a bad service, the staff were also rude...I'd rather stay in Radisson or Sheraton with a much better location.	
Jun 2 2008 	Sunny Dubai	The hotel was about 20-30 mins from the airport.Me and my family had arrived from the airport about 4 in the morning, but had to wait till about 9 am before we were able to check-in into our room. The room was fairly large and comfortable, and had a good view of the Dubai skyline and the nearby Dubai Creek. However, the breakfast buffet lacked a bit of variety, and is fairly expensive.Dubai, in general, has relatively poor public transport, and traffic was bad from late afternoons till night. We had to move around in taxis, which can be fairly steep due to the bad traffic.The Deira City Centre (the many shopping malls in Dubai) was about a 30 minute walk, if you fancy walking in the sun (mind you, it was 40 C in May! ).An advantage is that, there is a shuttle bus from the hotel, in the morning, to the Hilton Jumeirah Resort, which is about a 40 minute drive away. Along the way, you can view the construction development that is ongoing in Dubai, including the impressive 705m high Burj Dubai (soon-to-be the tallest structure in the world!). Overall, the hotel is generally for business travellers. The hotel staff was, in general, very helpful.For a family vacation, due to its locality, it may cost a bit to move around in a taxi. In addition, one may have difficulty finding food at night.	
Jun 2 2008 	great stay great hotel	We stayed for just over a week on business and holiday, whilst the hotel is mainly a business hotel it is still a good base for a holiday. Taxi's very cheap and always one there. Room was massive(executive Queen) very clean and kept like that 2-3 times a day.Breakfast was loverly, cold buffet and hot cooked to order. Strange you could order just about all the ingredients of a English b/f but if you wanted all on same plate it cost 95dhs??Ate room service by the pool on roof and once in room on last night very impressive low cost and very nice. Used the laundry service a few times took a few hours and very good and cheap.The pool on roof is smallish but usable and the view is to die for!Staff are great very very helpful from the manager downwards and if you get the chance of an invite to the managers cocktail evening go....food and cocktails lovely.If you go for the executive room book an airport transfer all in with room rate and done very well, we walked out of arrivals 0040 and went to the Hilton man who grabed our bags straight out to waiting limo and in hotel in minutes! Great service.When we next go to Dubai we will be staying here again.	
May 28 2008 	Great Room- shame about the Hot Water	The ability to use the Penthouse suite for business meetings, meals and a cocktail party, does mean that you almost don't have to leave it, for the whole of your stay, (which with the state of local traffic during the day is an added bonus), and means it's almost worth the money.However, there was no hot water for the three days of my stay, which was almost inexcusable. This issue was almost offset though, by the efforts of the staff to remedy this. Particular mention to Mr Al Chikh, the Night Manager, and his Herculean efforts to resolve this rather important part of staying in a hot country !! Notwithstanding, a good location for the Creek area, and airport, and subsequent visits have resolved the Hot-water issue.Not a tourist location then, but good for business.	
May 26 2008	Wonderful stop over hotel	This hotel faces onto Dubai Creek so you get a great view of the harbour. It is very near the City Mall and the Airport. The rooms are superb. Also very good food in the restaurants.	
May 24 2008 	Very good but with some room for improvement	We had arrived at the Dubai Creek location having spent two days at its sister property in Jumeirah Beach. Initial impressions of the service weren't so great. The bellmen decided to stay inside looking at my wife and I as we got our bags out of the car and went to the front desk. We were directed up to the Executive Lounge to check-in and were told that as I had selected to have extra HHonors points put into my account then they wouldn't be upgrading me. Fine with me, I'm a little spoiled by other Hilton properties (such as Hilton Jumeirah Beach!) but the attitude seemed a little snooty. The room we were given was on the 1st floor, despite my HHonors preferences asking for higher floors. Fortunately the 1st floor is more like the 4th floor of the building itself but we were overlooking a quite busy road. Judging by the fire escape map it seemed the Deluxe Plus corner room I'd booked was quite a bit bigger than the standard one, so money well spent. I fired up my laptop to get on the wireless internet which I was under the impression was included in the rate. It didn't seem to be so I went back to the Executive Lounge and was told in no uncertain terms that no rates included wireless internet. I asked if it was possible to look up the wording on the Hilton website (where I'd booked) and was told it wasn't really worth it since no rates include it. I gave up and went downstairs and asked the same question and was met with a much more helpful answer. The wording on the internet was very ambiguous and causes problems etc etc. Much better...The room itself was quite nice. The bathroom was very modern with see through countertop and lots of black marble. I quite liked it!The hotel itself is quite small (the elevators even smaller!) which gives the place quite a nice atmosphere. Nice rooftop pool with bar which we used. Location was quite good too, just across from the creek but we did need to use taxis in the heat rather than walk around 20mins or so to where the souks were.The restaurants are quite good. We ate at the Glasshouse for breakfast as it was included in the Executive Lounge package we opted to pay for (175 AED per day) and the service and selection was rather good. The ordered dishes were also excellent.One evening we ate at Verre, the Gordon Ramsay restaurant. While some don't appreciate it I thought it was rather good. Excellent service and food to boot. Prestige menu worth going for but it did take us 3 1/2hours to get through!Overall, the service could do with a little polishing in places but the rooms, restaurants, common areas are really rather good.	
May 16 2008 	OK Hotel - good view of creek	My wife and I spent two days here in May 2008. The hotel is good, but not great. Check in/out was about average, and service was OK but not teriffic. The room on the 9 th floor was average sized. King bed (comfortable), two chairs, small table, glass desk with comfortable chair. Floor to ceiling windows (nice in a corner room) with a great view of the creek. Very clean. If you like the modern style, you'll be in heaven. Lots of wood and glass (even the desk). &quot;Old&quot; tube style TV with a good selection of channels and, naturally, lots of options (for a price). Given the decor, the hotel needs to update to flat screen LED or plasmas. Small bathroom with shower (no tub); OK. Not a lot close to the hotel, but no problems getting a taxi. The roof pool is small, but adequate. Good service at the bar, and a great view of Dubai. There are about 12 loungers with umbrellas. Ate in the lobby bar and room service; food was good and service acceptable.  There is high speed and wireless internet available, for a price: 100 dirhams (about $28 USD) a day, 500 dirhams a week or 1800 dirhams a month! Mini-bar prices very high. Advertisements for hotel restaurants everywhere (even on the bathroom mirror).  Overall, I rate the hotel as average (when compared to similar hotels). Nothing really negative, but nothing really grabs you either. No &quot;WOW&quot; factor, which you kind of expect in a 5* hotel in Dubai.	
May 6 2008	leaves a lot to be desired	i have to say, i've stayed at numerous hotels in the dubai area and hilton hotels from africa to middle east to the u.s. and i am thoroughly disappointed with the quality of service at the hilton dubai creek. the hilton jumeriah hotel was much nicer and attentive to detail. the one at dubai creek leaves a lot to be desired. i called room service to remove a room service table, went out for 3 hrs, came back and the table was still there. called again, to have the table removed and only then did they remove it. obviously they forgot. same with turndown service. same with getting simple things like coffee at breakfast or towels when cleaning up the room. overall, the hotel needs some improvement, especially if it wants to live up to the expectation of the dubai crowd. i'd almost prefer to stay at a hampton inn in suburbia usa. at least i know what to expect. at times i felt like the motel 8 was better service than this one. i know i will return to dubai for business and pleasure. i know for certain i will not stay at this hotel.oh did i mention that when i booked the hotel online, it was at 1500 AED? when i checked in, it jumped to 1800 AED. i'm a gold member and didn't get an upgrade, but i had to pay nearly 100 USD more for a mediocre room. got to say, loved the view of the busy intersection and parking lot from my room.if you're a hilton fan, stay at the one in jumeriah. it's far better than this hole. better yet, stay at the madinat jumeriah. it's beautiful and the service is unbeatable.	
Apr 29 2008	Horrible rude service	Do not stay here. Staff is extremely rude and poorly trained. They tried to apply extra charges at every possible opportunity.	
Apr 15 2008 	fantastic	alan &amp; diane 42 / 42  hotel fantastic glasshouse great food verre nice but expensive	
Apr 10 2008 	Loved the Hilton Dubai Creek!	We were in Dubai at the end of Feb stopping over for 4 days on the way to the Maldives.We booked the Hilton Dubai Creek as we wanted to be in the city rather than the beach.It was one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in and we have travelled throughout the world. The only hotel to beat it was the AC Miramar in Barcelona.The reception staff were really helpful and as we arrived at the Hilton at about 9am our room wasn't ready. We went up to the pool and sunbathed until 12 and our room was ready.The rooms were huge and had floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides. We had a lovely view of the creek and we were only in a normal room on the 5th or 6th floor.Everything was spottless in the room and we were sad to check out.Breakfast was excellent with a huge choice of things.We had dinner in Verre too and it was nice. The staff are really friendly. I wouldn't go again as it felt a bit stuffy for us and there seemed to be a lot of people in there who were very loud about what car they owned and where they lived!The pool was small but lovely and the staff up there were really nice and friendly. Drinks were resonable up there too. It is a sun trap though and the only shade was were you ate.On our last day the hotel let us have a free late check out which was lovely as our flight wasn't until 2am the next morning.We ate at the JW Marriott Steakhouse and it was the best steak I've eaten. We also ate at Radisson SAS in the Chinese and the dim sum was easily the best I've had. We also had champagne afternoon tea at the Burj which was wwell worth it. I felt slightly sick after eating so much. We only went down to the beach this day for the Burj and to go to the Mall of the Emirates. The Souks were about a 20-25 minute walk from the Hilton but it was a lovely walk and there was so much going on we didn't feel it.Cabs are cheap cheap and they are done on distance, not how long the journey takes so even if theres traffic its the same price.Allow lots of time at the airport as there is lots of shops. We spent loads there.All in all I would definitly stay at Hilton Dubai Creek again. We loved it!	
Mar 27 2008 	Good Hotel good value (for Dubai!)	We had a good experience at this hotel. We booked via the hotel website and mentioned we were on our Honeymoon. No upgrade, but they did make swans out of our towels and sprinkle rose petals throughout the room.The rooms were well sized and the facilities good, but it's probably due a refurb in a few years so the finish is looking a bit tired, particularly in the bathroom. Service was good at all times and the breakfast was excellent. Gordon Ramsay's restaurant is worth a visit if you're hankering for some European cuisine, make sure you're hungry though as the many complimentary dishes fill you up. Location-wise, the hotel is very close to the airport. The free hotel mini-bus to the Hilton beach resort takes around an hour.The only real downside was the cost, which wasn't unique to this hotel; we visited Dubai as a stopover on the last two days of our Honeymoon, but failed to do any research regarding the price of hotels during the peak season!Travelling from Malaysia where 4/5 Star hotels are available from £70, the Dubai Hilton was one of the cheapest luxury hotels at £200 per night, the beach hotels started at £300.No idea why Dubai should be more expensive than London, it's not that great a place.Overall, a good hotel and good value for Dubai.	
Mar 25 2008 	Hard to beat	We booked this hotel less than 2 weeks before we were due to arrive and we think we got a good deal. (£1,200 for 7 nights in an Executive Suite on the 14th floor. We happened to see another room on a lower floor which looked considerably smaller than ours. We felt that our room was worth the extra cost, but i'm sure that all the rooms are comfortable. Our bathroom/shower was great, and I expect they are all the same). It's more of a business hotel, but this suited us. (If we went again with children we would probably stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah as this is situated on the beach). The hotel runs a free daily shuttle bus to and from the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah where you can use their facilities, however, you have to book your seat in advance with reception. If you don't get a seat, there is a roof top pool which is perfectly fine for catching the sun. (Although, as it is so far up it can get very windy. This didn't do much to cool us down in May, but it did mean that we couldn't keep an umbrella up for long). There are two good shopping malls that are a short taxi ride away. Try not to leave at closing time on a Friday evening though as you will easily wait an hour or more for a taxi. We didn't make any big purchases, but if you're a girl who likes clothes and shoes you can expect to save around 25% on UK prices. The hotel food was lovely!! Due to our room type our breakfast was included and it was served until 11am (I think) which we were pleased about. There was a buffet (fresh fruit, yogurts, cereal, croissants) plus table service (bacon sandwiches, english fried breakfast, eggs benedict). There are two good restaurants (one of which Gordon Ramsey has put his name to) and they weren't too expensive. There is also a bar next to the lobby and a poolside bar which serves food. With regards to service, we couldn't fault it. All staff went out of their way to be polite and helpful.I would definitely stay at this hotel again. (We have compared every hotel that we have stayed in since, and none have matched it).	
Mar 22 2008 	Excellent hotel...very modern	This hotel is excellent in regards to looks and feel. As typical, the staff are more than friendly! The room was very modern and IKEA like it was truly refreshing! While it was very near the airport and obviously had a great view of Dubai Creek - our biggest concern was there wasn't much we found within walking distance. Also, taxi's seemed hard to call from this location. The rooftop pool was very cool! Loved the bathroom! I would stay again!	
Mar 17 2008 	quiet western luxury	How can you choose between the amazing collection of 5 star hotels in Dubai?All the 5 star hotels in Dubai are luxurious. So is the Hilton.All have beautifully furnished large bedrooms with state of the art bathrooms and separate showers. The Dubai creek certainly does. Indeed its bathrooms must be a housekeepers nightmare. All marble and chromium..Indeed given the lighting and mirrors if you are even a trifle overzsized, it might pay you to keep your eyes tight shut for a long before you sink into the overlarge tub.All have excellent service, so does the Hilton, friendly and helpful..All are expensive. So unfortunately is the Hilton.The only ay you can choose between them is to be clear about priorities. Given Dubais traffic problems your hotel should be close to where you have to be. The Dubai Hilton is on the creek mid way between Deira city and the yacht club. 5 minutes by car from the airport-plus or minus half an hour depending on the trafficDo you want a western or a more middle eastern style hotel? The Hilton is clearly a western hotel.Do you want good food in your hotel? The Dubai creek has some of the best. It has two restaurants. Its main eatery, one Gordon Ramseys Verre serves perhaps the best western food in Dubai. The other, the Glasshouse Brasserie is in the style of a Mediterranean café, again serving well thought out and presented food.Do you want a large hotel or something small and more boutique style. The Dubai creek is small at least by Dubai standards..It only has120 rooms. And a small up and down roof top pool rather than the massive lagoon style water features of some of the competition. The public spaces are all mirrors ,glass and marble and nice and dark to cool the ambience in the sweltering heat. No tour groups that we could see and none of the badged from the courses and conference circuit.Do you want a room with a view?. The Hilton currently has great views from its riverside rooms. Of course given the rate at which construction gets going in Dubai, this might only be temporary. But enjoy it while you can. Do you want to be on the beach. No luck here; but the Hilton does have a twice a day shuttle service to its sister hotel on Jumeirah beach.	
Mar 16 2008 	A real treat!	We stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek for 2 nights in March to celebrate my 40th birthday - we booked the executive plus room which made the stay even more of a pleasure. Firstly we were picked up in a limo from the airport, escourted straight through reception and up to the executive lounge on the 5th floor where we checked in. The staff in the executive lounge are very helpful and friendly, they really added to our stay here. Our room wasn't ready at 10am which is understandable (its normally free around 2pm in hotels) but they offered us a breakfast in the lounge which consisted of smoked salmon bagels, freshly baked muffins, cheese, cappucinos, which was brilliant after a long flight. They then came over to us and said our room was ready - only 11am! We were well impressed. We then made our way to the room which was amazing - the biggest room I have ever stayed in, on the corner of the building with floor to ceiling window walls. I could lie on the huge bed (which had been sprinkled with petals!) and look out over Dubai, the view was tremendous, the best view I have ever had from my hotel bed. There was fresh fruit and water in the room and the bathroom was amazing too. Black marble everywhere, big walk in shower, huge double jacuzzi set in black marble, fluffy robes, slippers, oil burner, even a rubber duck by the bath! The toiletries were Crabtree and Evelyn and there is also a CD player as well as the usual TV/DVD. We ate at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant which was fabulous, great food, great service and not too pricey. We had 2 courses each, a nice bottle of plonk and the bill came to about £90, nowhere near as much I as I thought it would be. We ate the 2nd night in the Glasshouse restaurant. Food was ok, service was pretty grotty. They right hand doesnt seem to know what the left hand is doing! We had to ask for butter 3 times to have with the bread, we asked for a bottle of wine, they said they didnt have that one, we asked for a different bottle of wine and they said they didnt have that one either?! 3rd time lucky though, we got the wine (although we had to pour it ourselves most of the time, not a big problem, but just one of those little things). On our last day we were boarding the Costa Romantica ship for an 8 day cruise around the Emirates. Of course, we asked for an extended check out and they gave us until 2pm. We couldn't get on the boat until 7pm but it was no problem as we went down to the gym/beauty salon area and there are 2 seperate identical to our room marble bathrooms with fluffy towels, robes, Crabtree and Evelyn so we spent the day by the pool after we had checked out at 2pm and then freshened up in the gym bathrooms which are completely private and its all just for you. You lock the door and it is your own bathroom for as long as you need it. Speaking of spa, I had a wonderful 2 hours body treatment with a scrub and massage - at first they said the therapist wouldnt be able to do it (we had pre booked the treatment)but once the hubby told them it was for my birthday they managed to get another therapist for me which was good. The pool is quite small (as everyone keeps saying) but its clean and warm and has the best views of Dubai. There are about 20 sunbeds so at certain times of the year it might be a bit of a struggle but in March it was fine. The hotel seems to be full of business men, no kids running around which is great. If you book the executive plus room you get to use the executive lounge whenever you want. Throughout the day there is breakfast items, lunch and afternoon tea, all free and as much as you want. Also there are free drinks (beer, wine, spirits) between 6pm and 8.30pm which was great. We had an amazing time and would recommend a stay at this hotel strongly. Its conveniently situated for getting to the shopping malls and the open top bus trip is also worth doing as you can get on and off the bus all day. You also get a free river cruise thrown in which is brilliant. Conceriege will help you to book this. The jewellery and spice souks are good fun too, but a little mind blowing! There is a shuttle bus from the Dubai Creek to their sister hotel down by the beach, so if you want a beachy holiday then you can use that service. We decided to stay in the luxury of the Dubai Creek Hotel though and use their fantastic pool and executive lounge facilities. I can't rave about this hotel enough!	
Mar 14 2008 	City Centre Chic	A great alternative to Dubai’s beach hotels, the Hilton offers a great location. We stay hear when travelling via Dubai to other beach locations and its ideally suited to explore the old city. The pool is a little small and there is limited sunbeds on the roof, but boy is the view good. Recommend a meal at Vere, Gordon Ramsey’s signature restaurant – Book early.	
Feb 6 2008	Nice but some things need attention	The Hilton Dubai Creek has a few things to recommend it. The rooms are now about 7 years old and are showing a little of their age, but still very nice. The showers and hot water situation needs attending to. I was on the 5th Floor and hot water took 15 minutes. They tried to address it, but several people in our group found the same thing. The shower also leaked all over the floor because it only pointed toward the door and could not be turned down to the floor. It needed a rolled up towel to keep the floor from flooding -- not a big deal, but a small inconvenience.Beds were good. Housekeeping did not clean all of the mirrors, but the room was well cleaned. I got to see the notes from previous occupants when the mirror steamed up.The in-room internet was 100 Dirhams a day = $27+ US. Unreasonable for basic access. I was told that many nearby hotels offfered free wireless that was actually accessible from the rooms of the Hilton. As with all the UAE, the alcohol was insanely expensive. About $13 for a mini-bar Semillon/Chardonnay. $20+ cocktails in the lounge. Verre, the Gordon Ramsay restaurant, was oustanding. Yes, the wine list was absurdly priced, but that is expected in the UAE. The service was very good. It seems that Dubai's fine-dining establishments are somewhat obsessed with in-between course offerings. This was true of Verre, but they did a nice job. It was all well-presented. Meals were far better and far less money than the Aquarium at Burj Al-Arab. The restaurant was not full, but the ambiance was good - not romantic perhaps, but appropriate for business entertaining.The common areas are a bit small and the executive lounge was overcrowded. The front desk staff needs a good lesson in customer service. The concierge was fairly helpful, but the check-in and check-out staff need to learn to smile and work WITH their customers. The rest of the staff was very good, but the front desk needs a wholesale change. Overall, I would say the hotel is about 3.5 out of 5 for a Hilton. AND, at nearly $400 a night, they really need to work on fine-tuning the service. It seems if you get the Executive Lounge, life is good, but when it is overcrowded, the rest of the peasants get the same mixed-bag.	
Feb 4 2008 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed at this hotel for four nights from 30th of Jan, everything about it was brilliant, location was perfect away from all the building work elsewhere in Dubai, staff were very friendly and helpful, we stayed in an executive creek view room which was amazing and allowed you access to the executive lounge which served snacks all day and free drink from 6pm until 8.30 pm. Food in the hotel was very good, breakfasts were superb. Rooftop pool was very nice, small but in January not busy, hotel provides a free shuttle bus to the Hilton on Jumeirah beach and a free complementary taxi back to the airport for guests staying in the executive rooms which are well worth it. The waiter Eric who looks after everybody in the executive lounge was an absolute gem, could not do enough to make the guests stay a very memorable one.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good for business	I concur with most of the other reviewers, this is a fine business-oriented hotel with excellent large rooms many facing the creek. I had an almost-corner with lots of space, a pleasant view and superb all-granite bathroom with separate two-person shower, lovely deep granite-surrounded bath (with obligatory scented oil candle burner at turndown) and was completely comfortable.The staff, particularly the young ladies who run the Executive Lounge can't do enough for you, and everyone from the room boys to the waiters ran rings round each other to be helpful.Breakfast is indeed a bit of an oddity, with a generous cold buffet but call-order cooking for the hot items, some of which suffer in translation - but any minor errors were cheerfully rectified.The small niggles are the unheated rooftop pool, very chilly in the current cold snap but probably cool all year round, and the rather small gym. Also you wouldn't really want to holiday here because this Hilton is not near the beach nor the popular shopping malls - this may be why I like its comparatively quiet and chav-free atmosphere.I ate one night at &quot;Verre&quot;, the Gordon Ramsay branded a la carte restaurant and I have to say it was one of the most irritating and boring evenings I've ever had in a restaurant.Firstly, it's quite uncomortable - the tables are too close together and there's no view nor interest in the decor, not even great flowers or arrays of wine bottles, it's a pretty bland dull room. The French-ified manager is so far up himself even Gordon would have a problem to slap some customer service out of him, and the mostly Indian waiters whilst charming have been drilled into formulaic, scripted service which saps the life out of the whole experience, and leaves you feeling exhausted and processed.The presentation of food is fawning and beyond pretentious. &quot;May I present your pre-starter starter&quot;, &quot;Did you enjoy your amuses-bouches&quot;, indicated the number and incidence of the additional courses which mean you don't really need to order more than two or three from the menu because you could almost make your meal off the amuses-bouches of pate, pastry straws and vegetable pure, the pre-starter complimentary soup, the pre-dessert dessert (a vile concoction of fruit and shaving foam which reminded me of the Lyons Maid &quot;peach parfait&quot; plastic cone ice creams we had at Saturday morning cinema when I was about ten), the petits fours and the complimentary chocolates.Everything has four too many ingredients - and the humourless management won't permit any variation to the order, portion control is clearly king ... when I suggested I might prefer more scallop and less pork belly in my oddly combined starter, the manager said &quot;it's three pieces scallop and two of pork, take it or leave it&quot; ... and I wish I'd left it. The scallops were OK, but the caramelised pork belly roundels were greasy and nasty, and the pan-fried watermelon 'earplugs' (because that's what they looked like) that accompanied it were downright laughable. I mean, who fries watermelon?Fillet of beef was a small portion and a nice cut, and the menu listed the many accompaniments including caramelised salsify, celeriac puree, potatoes and madeira jus. When it arrived in a wobbling tower with a fried quail egg slimily perched on the top, I could cheerfully have thrown it across the room. Egg is such a popular allergy, why not mention its presence on the menu?By the time I'd worked my way through the inter-courses to the chocolate and caramel semifreddo, I was bored beyond my capacity to enjoy the experience and just wanted to get out of the place, and breathe.My fellow diners were mostly middle-aged British couples too awed by Ramsay's TV fame and their opportunity to worship at the shrine to realise that this was over-complicated food with pompous service which feels outdated and claustrophobic.My summary for the Hilton? Sleep in, eat out!	
Jan 15 2008 	Class and elegance	We stayed in the Hilton Dubai Creek in mid Dec 2007 and early Jan 2008, and thoroughly loved both visits. In a city renowned for its glitz and OTT &quot;glam&quot;, the Hilton Dubai Creek seems to be in its own category of pure class and elegance. The rooms are beautifully finished and furnished. One detail that I found particularly great was that I could not hear the noise from people in the hallway. This is probably due to the boutique size of the property, so that there aren't that many people walking past the rooms; the fact that the doors are very heavy and solid; and that the beds are placed in a position that minimises exposure to hallway noise. In January, we flew from New York to the Emirates. It was a horrific flight (numerous families each with 4-6 ill-mannered and LOUD children) that made me homicidal and suicidal. After a spa bath in the beautifully appointed bathroom overlooking Dubai Creek, I lay in the bed with exceptionally soft sheets, a soft down comforter, a soft down pillow; luxuriating in this slice of heaven. It was just what I needed. The staff are friendly, responsive and professional I found all of them to be extremely helpful. e.g. I asked the operator for the phone number of Etihad Airways. She gave me two numbers. Neither worked and when I rang her back for further assistance, she was apologetic and immediately offered to find a couple of more numbers and told me that if these still did not work, to call her back. One of the four finally did work, but I was really impressed with her tenacity and willingness to make sure that I got what I needed. In a city filled with hotels and other establishments screaming louder and louder to be noticed, the Hilton Dubai Creek is the picture of refined grace.	
Jan 3 2008 	over-rated	I think the main problem at this hotel is the lack of training for staff.I stayed for 2 nights in late December in Executive room. Despite being asked several times about my request for a non-smoking room, I was assigned a smoking room in a &quot;non-smoking configuration&quot;. Given I was recovering from bronchitis, I was not impressed and asked to be assigned another room. There was apparently almost full occupancy - I was offered a *downgrade*, and a similar, smoking room! This was also unacceptable, so I stayed where I was.The exec rooms are OK - fantastic view - but configured rather strangely, lots of empty space, but so that the desk is jammed into a small space in one corner of the room - not great for working at. There was mineral water, but no complimentary fruit. The exec. lounge is ludicrously small for the number of executive rooms (over 3 floors!) in the hotel.I expect that in a 5* international hotel, the staff on the front desk will speak english. As a native english speaker, I experienced real problems a few times in making myself understood to the front desk staff. This is also unacceptable. While the staff were friendly, some clearly need more training in communicating in english.Breakfast in the Glasshouse was a disappointment. The hot dishes need to be ordered, which is fine. However, after ordering the arabic breakfast, I received about half of the items that were advertised in the menu, and no hot dish! I was only told that the hot dish was 'off' by the waitress after she brought my order to the table, not beforehand. Again, staff training seemed to be an issue.The amenities at this hotel are also lacking for a 5* international hotel. The pool has an undeniably beautiful view, but there are no other facilities such as a steam room or a sauna. The gym is one of the smallest I've seen for this standard of hotel.In summary, I think you can do much better for a 5* hotel. While the location is good, this hotel seems content to rest on its laurels.	
Dec 28 2007 	buisness orientated	This Hilton is convinient for access to all downtown areas and taxirides to emirates mall , jumeirah beach are around 70-80 DiramsThe downtown location means there has to be a comprimise , thats in the size and location of the the pool.Service was generally excellent . My only complaint was when I came to change over some money in the hotel , they said they where short of cash because of eid holidaysThey did not offer me any alternative location .The run of the mill banks wont change money for tourists, so you have to wait til you go to a mall and of course bring your passport!Around this Hilton there is a shortage of any convienent shops e.t.c. on the doorstep almost everthing you do involves a taxiThe most helpfull people in the hotel are the porter/taxis request people on the front doorif you are looking for lush garden settings this is not the hotel for you The rooms are nice with excellent bathrooms again the comprimis on that is the main room seems a little small for two people but great for one guy on a business trip	
Dec 8 2007 	Fabulous Stay	Am a hhonors diamond but booked via a travel agent. Fabulous hotel. Was given a VIP checkin in executive lounge but we could not have access to the lounge because it seats only 24 and there are 150 rooms. Given a twin room almost at the front with lovely views over the creek. Free mineral water and fruit. The bathroom was covered in granite with a lovely large shower, plenty of towels and robes and the usual La Source toiletries. A little oil aromatherapy burner was lit at turndown every night. Room was spotless, lovely bedding and excellent air con.Cocktails in issima bar were 35 to 40 dirhams ie £5 to £6 and the staff were very warm and helpful. The breakfast was good. The usual continental and additional Arabic and English items cooked to order. It was included in our rate otherwise 65 dirhams for continental or 80 for Arabic/English. On an inclusive rate you can also take breakfast in the room. The Glasshouse restaurant had very good food and on Mondays and Wednesdays when you eat 2 courses you can have house wines/ beers and spirits for 1 dirham each.The Gordon Ramsey restaurant Verre was incredible. 2 oddities, the wannabe wags at the next table smoked through the meal and the house champagne was poured from a decanter?! Cheapest wines are about £40 a bottle and the house champagne is £18 a glass . We had the 7 course Prestige Tasting menu at 495 aed (about £68) each and it was sublime. Every course was beautifully prepared and the service was excellent. The maitre d' was absolutely charming. The cheeses were incredible and the lobster risotto deserve a special mention. You do need to book ahead but for a truly memorable experience, it doesn't get any better.The rooftop pool was very pleasant though small. The massages we had were not great . Next to the gym with the door being knocked and no music just the whirring of the treadmills. Skip these. A soft cd and aromatherapy burner could improve things a bit.Staff were helpful and friendly and I would return at any time. Also did the afternoon tea at the Burj which was fabulous.Excellent stay.	
Nov 25 2007 	Fantastic room and view!	Stayed her three nights on a reward stay. Everything was great. We did get a room upgrade to a magnificant room with view to the creek. The hotel staff was great! The pool on the roof was a very nice place to relax, but there was a little few sunbeds up there. The restaurant was great, but we did not try the best of them (the Gordon Ramsey one), due to our dressing (we did not feel comfortable as we travelled very &quot;light&quot;). The hotel limo service that was arranged for our private sightseeing was great.	
Nov 22 2007 	amazing	We stayed to the Hilton Dubai Creek for our honeymoon, everything was clean and tidy, nice place with nice staff.The hotel is center located, itì's really easy to reach the main part of the town, shopping centers, gold suq... We suggest this hotel to everybody. We didn't want to leave!Rossana &amp; Domenico Nuzzolese (Italy)	
Nov 18 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights in early November. We loved this hotel! The staff was great and the location couldn't be any better. We flew in from Zurich and arrived at 10pm. Check in was quick and they upgraded our room upon arrival. We ate at the Glasshouse Restaurant the 1st night and it was great. The service was efficient and the waiter even had a free dessert sent out to us. We took a taxi to the Gold and Spice Souk and then walked back along the Creek. It was a beautiful night and it took about 30 minutes to walk from the souk back to the hotel. The pool is small but the view made up for it. The pool overlooks the creek and had a fantastic view of the Burj Dubai. When we were there they had completed 155 stories. It just towers above the skyline. Our room had floor to ceiling windows with a view of the city. The room was spacious and comfortable. We would definately go back to the Hilton Creek. After 2 nights here, we spent 5 nights at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for a good city experience and central location. The hotel is approximately 5 minutes from the airport and 20 minutes from Jumeirah Beach. I can't say enough good things about the Hilton Dubai Creek!	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Location	This was the 2nd trip to Dubai, this 1st time we stayed at a beach hotel but this time we thought we would stay on the creek, I only wish we booked for longer!The hotel itself over looks dubai creek, this is a really nice walk. Its about 30 min walk to the gold souks and spice souks. The rooms are what you would expect from the Hilton, very large rooms and very sexy bathrooms. The hotel rooms have floor to ceiling windows so you can look across the creek. Every room has a creek view so dont worry on that one!We booked room only so did not have breakfast but did have room service a few times and the food was very good!, so good I eat the same thing three times!Everything in the hotel is modern and clean. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The pool is on the roof so you get a great view across Dubai. I would say go swimming at night, the pool is very quite and the views are amazing. On the down side of the pool it is small, with only afew sun beds, but the hotel is a business hotel.Overall I would stay here again. Very central and very good standard.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great Stay	We just came back from a one week stay at the Hilton Dubai Creek. It was great. We got the Excutive class rooms that allowed access to the lounge, happy hour and car service to take you to and from the airport. The room was modern, clean and nice. The hotel staff were always very friendly and helpful. This hotel happens to be home to Gordon Ramsey's Verre as well.It's about a 40-50 Dirham taxi ride each way to the major shopping malls and a short taxi ride from the gold souks. Beware of getting taxis back to your hotel from the souks. There's never enough taxis and people end up waiting forever for one. We got in a taxi that tried to charge us off the meter. Don't take that. There's a meter for a reason. If you want to eat at the Burg Hotel, make sure you book in advance, probably before you arrive. They are really busy, so we couldn't get a spot until the day we were due to leave.	
Nov 5 2007	Great location and hotel	Good hotel, wasnt dissapointed with anything, other than the pool was a little small and got crowded.We upgraded to an exec corner room on the 10th floor, and the views were fantastic, two complete sides of the room floor to ceiling windows, where we could see the city hotels, and the Beach hotels.People were great, nothing too much trouble, and we walked along the creek down to the Souks, which were also fun. Walking to the SAS Radisoon gave us a good selection of places to eat, and one of our best meals was the Indian restuarant in the Sheraton hotel just across the way, they had recently won a couple of awards.The local shopping center (Diera) I thought was the best, as it was more local and I think a little cheaper and less crowded than the main Mellenium shopping center.For us the location worked, as we caught an open top bus, taxis were cheap, and nothing was that far, we did catch the shuttle and or taxi to the Hilton Beach hotel, but it was nice to get back to the quieter and calmer dubai creek. You can get towels and use the showers etc at the beach hotel no problems.To say the beach area is a giant construction site, is an understatment, they teckon a third of the worlds cranes are in dubai, and most of those are in the beach areas, so I am glad we stayed slightly out further.Also free transport to and from airport.	
Oct 21 2007	A bit over rated.	We did a stopover in Dubai and stayed in Hilton Creek for one night in a Deluxe room.We arrived in the early morning flight and the room was ready, staff very professional. The room was not that big although the bathroom was really good.Beds (twin room) were quite narrow, buffet breakfast was very basic (not the typical Hilton breakfast), the area (The creek) is advisable only if you are on business otherwise I recomend to choose any of the sea front resorts.	
Oct 20 2007 	The staff made us feel uncomfortable	The hotel itself and the restuarant was very nice, however after our first night we went for a meal in the resturant and we had a voicemail left in the morning asking us to call the manager. We did so thinking they might be congratulating us on our recent wedding in Maurituis, however the lady told us a ring had gone missing in the ladies toilets and as i was the only woman staying in the hotel they had looked at CC TV and seen me going into the ladies, they asked me if i would mind having my room searched and even speaking to the police. As you can imagine we were absolutely gobsmacked and it runied the remainder of our stay. I asked if they were joking as i was so shocked and the comment i received back, was this was a very serious matter - like i was being accused. My husband went and spoke to the manager who then came to my room and tried to tone the situation down, which was very diferent to our telephone converation. It turned out the lady who had lost her ring, her father was very high up in the police force in Dubai. Nothing came of it, but it left a sour taste in our mouths....	
Oct 16 2007	Very Welcoming	We arrived on the morning flight, as we had booked the executive room, transfers from and to the airport were included, but needs to be arranged with Concierge. We arrived at the Hotel about 9am and was escorted directly to the Exceutive Floor for checking in. Our host gave us some refreshments and advised us that checking in is at 2pm, but will have the room ready for us by 10am, and they did! We stayed on the 14th Floor with amazing views over the Creek. As we stayed during Ramadan the Friday Brunch was not available, however they let us choose from the A La Carte Menu and we was not disapointed with the local fish (Hammer) and thanked the Chef in the Glasshouse for his delicious food. At the Issimo Bar the staff were great and kept us entertained with their different cocktails in the evening. The only thing I was disapointed in was the breakfast, we had an hour left of breakfast being served, 4 staff took our choice (or so we thought) one breakfast turned up and the other didn't, and had to be re-ordered, thus making us late for the FREE bus to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, so we went snowboarding instead....now that's another story and not linked for a reveiw on this Hotel. Recommend the Executive Rooms facing the Creek.	
Sep 26 2007	This hotel has it all - ALMOST	I just recently spent a week's stay in Dubai split betwen this property and the Hilton at the beach. As with any stay of more than a day, you discover the good and the bad and this trip was no different.First the good. The hotel is incredibly convenient to walk along the Creek, catch a cab to the Souks, visit the mall, or just gaze over the water all day long. You truly can not beat this location to see what the real Dubai looks like and since its in Deira, there isn't that much construction going on around. I stayed in an executive room on the 11th floor that was very modern and big. There were two easy chairs, a small table, L shaped writing desk and massive bed. The best thing about this room though has to be the bathroom. Huge soaking tub, black marble all over, separate shower - just so nice I could have lived in there. We ate in Gordon Ramsey's restaurant the first night as the drink special on offer at the Glass House packed the place. The food was absolutely incredible but then so was the price (850 AED for 3) with very little wine. The lobby bar is very cool and we had pre dinner or post dinner drinks here every night. I could have lived in here too. The staff are great in true Hilton fashion and the lobby area is stunning.Now the bad. Although offering one of the better views in this part of town, the pool is a big jacuzzi with only about 20 loungers. During Ramadan there are curtains up and you have to eat and drink behind them. It was too crowded on one day to even find a seat and almost too hot the other days. The executive lounge is just as bad - I think there are seats for 18 with the top 3 floors offering executive rooms - you do the math. The last night we were there we sat at the executive check-in desk and had a drink since there were no spots. They do have a computer (that was almost always occupied) that was free for checking email and such but if you wanted to use your own you had to pay the rediculous cost of 100 AED per day or 500 AED for the week. Mind you this is in a room that cost $300 a night. There was maintenance of some sort being done on the right side staircase from the lobby which was very loud during the day to the point that I found it hard to have a meeting.All in all, a great place but if I stay downtown, I'll stay at the Marriott and only come over here for a drink or two.	
Aug 30 2007	Splendid Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights in June. We arrived from a night flight from London so we got there early about 9ish..are room wasn't ready which we were surprised about as i'm sure there are lots of night flights coming in, so we went upstairs and chilled by the pool on the roof, with amazing views.When we did get our room it was more then what we expected huge bathroom and comfy beds, great staff service aswell, always bent over backwards to accomodate you.The location was good and your only 10-15 minutes away from the beach.We went there for music reason and we weren't disappointed by the clubs..especially the &quot;Apartments&quot;.Glad they had air conditioning everywhere as it was so hot! Made the cab rides more enjoyable.	
Aug 25 2007 	Modern City Hotel with the WOW factor	My wife and I stayed for two nights before going on to the Hilton Jumeirah (To which the concierge organised free transport). This is a new boutique style Hotel with a very modern feel. The service is exactly what you would expect of a 5 star hotel with well trained and friendly staff. Gorden Ramsey’s restaurant on site is more expensive than the normal but worth the extra. The rooftop swimming pool is small but very good.Traveller's tip for business travellersIf you book an executive room (not much extra in cost) you get picked up by limo at the airport, checked in at the executive lounge which is open to you for breakfast (although we were given the choice of eating the very good breakfast in the restaurant for free) and all day for snacks with free alcoholic drinks from 18:00 to 20:30. Some consider this to be the equivalent of &quot;All Inclusive&quot;. Internet access is also free.	
Aug 18 2007 	Avoid this Hotel	We checked in ,around 3Pm,the Hotel building is new,the reception are is some how small and dull not lighted Enough I geuss, we were given room 701, The room is near the elevetor,which turned to be very disadvantage as it gets very noisy in the morning espicially when families with children are waiting for the elevator,reception service was very efficient and quite good,house keeping was fast but the guy is so rude that he knocked our door early moarning asking us what time are you going to check ou today then when we were leaving the room he went inside immidiatly to check the room,avoid rooms ending 01 and 02 beacuse there is no bath tub as well,after we checked out I came to know that only rooms at the corner no bath tub, the looby bar was very quite so we had to leave for outside fun,the breakfast resturant system is so starnge you have to choose either English buffet or Arabic and the price is different, I never saw that system anywhere, room service was tasty and good and it's cheaper	
Aug 17 2007 	Excellent !!!	The service was fantastic from arrival to departure. The hotel is stunningly beautiful, the staff very warm and friendly, service spectacular, food excellent and rooms very comfortable. We drove there and anytime that I needed the car it was at the door in the time it took me to hang up the phone and take the elevator down. Everyone remembers who you are so you do not even need to ask for anything because they already know what you will want. We stayed on the executive floors and the staff could not have done anything more to make us feel welcome and at home.	
Aug 16 2007 	what to expect more?	they could not do more to make me feel a special and important guest. i was coming from an intercontineltal night flight and arrived at hilton dubai creek at 7:30 am (yes, in the morning). at the reception the staff told me that they could not check me in immediately and were so sorry. i was very tired so i told them i would have waited and asked where i could have breakfast. suddenly came the responsible and offered me a complimentary breakfast at executive lounge (i didn't have a reservation for an executive room and i'm just blue hhonors).after the breakfast the staff told me that the room was ready (8:30 a.m.!!!). they also upgraded my reservation to deluxe plus room, and were kind and useful in every moment of my staying. i also appreciated very much the big and confortable room. the hotel has a very good location close to the creek and 10min by taxi to and from the airport (about 35 dirham from the airport and 15 to the airport). the pool is nice but a bit small. the view from the pool and from the room is fantastic	
Aug 15 2007 	excellent	my fiance and I stayed in this hotel for 5 days before we headed on to the maldives. we had an executive suite which was stylish, great views of the city, floor to ceiling windows around 2 walls! the staff were great and always friendly and wanting to chat. issamo bar was chilled and did great cocktails. We ate in the gordon ramsy restaurant verre and the food was gorgeous. Bonus having a roof top pool - you could see for miles! perfect location as your in the middle of everything.would recommend this hotel to anyone. we had an amazing time and would defo go back - defo worth the money!	
Jul 20 2007 	Fantastic Experience	We stopped over at the Hilton Dubai Creek on our way to our honeymoon in Maldives and it was the perfect start to our holiday. Fantastic modern rooms (especially on the Executive level), great breakfast and restaurants on site.Location is excellent for exploring the more traditional side of Dubai such as the gold and spice souks. The hotel also has a complimentary shuttle service to their beach hotel which takes about 20 minutes (avoid during peak traffic times).Would definitely return here.	
Jul 12 2007	Excellent Hotel!	We decided to stay here as an extension to our honeymoon on the way back from the Seychelles. It is about 10 minutes away from the airport but you cant hear any airport noise from the hotel. We got upgraded to an executive room which was lovely. The room had everything you needed, very stylish, clean and spacious too. The roof top terrace pool and bar has amazing views over the city, and opens late. It’s a great way to cool down after a full day exploring. It never really gets very busy either. It is the perfect hotel if you want to explore the city centre (but if you want a beach holiday, stay at Jumeirah beach). It is close to the souks, overlooks the river (where you can get a river boat which costs about 14p to get across) and a taxi ride to most places within in the city costs less than £2.00. Taxis are the best way to get around the city. Its definitely worth booking a desert safari with the concierge, the car picks you up from the hotel and a half day trip costs about £35.00. The hotel has a Gordon Ramsey restaurant which is fantastic, delicious food and slick service but a fraction of the cost of the London ones! The tasting menu is huge, each course is the size of a main meal! Most women in the city centre are conservatively dressed i.e. women don’t wear shorts, and usually have their shoulders covered, and it is recommended tourists do that too.	
Jun 22 2007 	Not tacky not overated just perfect	I loved this hotel , its not on the beach, thank god, its not full of screaming kids and families on holiday, it has style and substance. Groovy lobby bar, excellent Friday bruch, chilled out rooftop pool with excellent views, slick chic rooms, and Great staff. I loved the location but there is a free shuttle to the Hilton Jumeriah Beach, and once you go there you will be glad you didn't stay there. Thank you for a wonderful experience, i have been a travel agent with Amex for 15 years and I've never been treated so well or had such a fab room, alright its not over the top deluxe but its perfect in every other aspect, check out the sexy bathroom with candles lit in the bath and a huge shower and cool toiletries. On my birthday I had two dessserts delivered to my room and a bottle of wine comp of the hotel manager! no where i have stayed before provided this level of service. I'll be back when i can afford it. Lovin it please keep up the good work and show these tacky overated overpriced hotels that smaller is better.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good location and excellent service	We booked for 3 nights including breakfast. Arrived on a morning flight and went to hotel. Had requested early check-in, room was not ready on arrival, but we were offered the option of taking breakfast while they were finishing off the room. As flight out would require us to leave the hotel before breakfast opened, they offered to 'move' that breakfast to the arrival day. Very nice touch and good thinking.During a wonderful breakfast, the check-in clerk came in with the room keys. The bed-and-breakfast rate allows you to take anything from the buffet or the menu, including the 'superior' coffees, such as espresso and cappuccino, which non-inclusive guests have to pay separate. Too bad we were there for only 3 breakfasts as the menu and buffet were so extensive we did not get to try everything. The hotel is designed in such a way that (I believe) all rooms have a view of the Creek, with the rooms positioned in a fish bone pattern facing the Creek. The corner rooms do have the best view of course, but our room one over still had an excellent view, had a well thought out layout and huge bathroom. Contrary to many hotels, they actually put enough lamps in this room, including having lamps in the closets and spotlights pointing into the closets.This an excellent, reasonably priced, small (by Dubai standards) hotel with excellent service, ideal for visiting the city. If you do want to go to the beach, there is a shuttle bus to the Hilton Jumeirah. (having visited it, I would not want to stay there now, with all the construction going on around it)	
Jun 18 2007 	Very Welcome	My first trip to Dubai, and for only one night on business so the hotel had to be good. For a few pounds more I stayed on the executive floor. I arrived at 8.30am and had to wait for 2 hours for my room, since check in wasn't until after midday this was OK and the staff did all they could to make me feel welcome and accomodate me after a long flight. Room was spacious and airy, great bathroom with very deep bath, and seperate shower you could kick a ball in. Huge bed, and all the facilities for a business trip you could want and more. Room rate (Even including local taxes) was excellent and staff were always prompt, polite, and attentive without being intrusive. Unless I am going on holiday this will be my preferred stay in Dubai on future visits.	
Jun 7 2007 	Great Hotel	Very nice and clean hotel that's abot 10 minutes from the airport. Great service and good food. Nice rooftop pool. This hotel has everything at a good price. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 1 2007 	In the land of seven star hotels this provides eight star service	I have stayed in The Hilton Creek for the past five years, three times a year. Service has always been first class. With Gordon Ramseys Verre Restaurant within the hotel, dinning excellence is expected throughout. Located in Deria it is away from the popular Jumeriah area however taxis are cheap in comparrision to home (UK) It would cost approx 20 US dollars to get from Deria to The Burj Al Arab.The hotel is locate a short distance from the old Gold souk.All the rooms have internet connection and most seem to have a fax/printer in the room as well.Only concern is if you are exhibiting at the trade center the journey back to the hotel could take 40 mins. Small and friendly hotel unlike the other large corporates you become a name here not a room number.	
May 29 2007 	We wanted good but got FANTASTIC!	Our family, 2 over 40's &amp; 2 adult daughters decided upon this hotel because1) good reports on this site,2) photos from this site &amp; brochures of the excellent views,3) proximity to the airport - 10mins by car &amp; the fact we were arriving in rush hour. We didn't get delayed by any traffic as it happened. 4) no childrens clubs/activities/play areas etc were provided. We were not disappointed in any way. We booked through Hotels.com &amp; got a very good deal. We had boked executive rooms which included breakfast, use of the executive lounge &amp; complimentary transfers. We 'phoned the hotel direct 3 days before our hols to arrange with the concierge pick up time from the airport &amp; flight no. The chauffeur was waiting for us after we cleared immigration which was quick &amp; hassle free.We were taken to the executive lounge to check in &amp; offered drinks whilst we carried out this process.The first room we were shown was 1101 which was large, fab view &amp; spotlessly clean but didn't have a bath in the bathroom only a shower albeit a large one.The staff member disappeared for a minute &amp; returned with another card key. (Don't forget to put a card key in the holder on the wall to operate lights, air con etc) We had rooms 1104 &amp; 1110. Both rooms were very large with kingsize beds (our daughters didn't mind sharing but the staff had offered to separate the bed into 2 &amp; then remake them). The views from both rooms took our breath away as it was dark outside &amp; we could see twinkling lights which reflected on the river (creek).The bathrooms were stunning by the way they were spotlessly clean, decorated with chrome, marble &amp; good use made of mirrors. A wall-mounted small chrome circular disc was actually a washing line for wet costumes.A coffee machine was on display, our daughters wanted to use theirs &amp; a housekeeper unlocked it, supplied bottled water to fill it &amp; showed them how to use it. We located a kettle &amp; sachets in one of the cupboards. Complimentary bottles of water were replenished daily.The beds &amp; pillows were soooo comfy &amp; linen of excellent quality.Bathrobes &amp; slippers were provided &amp; were very useful when popping up to the rooftop pool at any time of the day. Towels were suppiled at the pool. There were 20 loungers by the pool &amp; several tables &amp; chairs near the bar area.Electricity is by 3 pin plug the same as the UK.We booked seats on the complimentary shuttle that runs between this hotel &amp; the Hilton Jumeriah Beach. It's worth it for the ride alone. A good day out for the beach, sea &amp; looking around another hotel.There is massive building work going on in various areas of Dubai but not much near our hotel. We didn't notice any dust or any noise whatsoever.The gift shop is good for postcards, stamps, souveniers &amp; 'Amoxil' antibiotic capsules - I kid you not!Breakfasts were excellent with dishes from the buffet regularly replenished. Full breakfasts from waffles &amp; pancakes to scrambled eggs &amp; smoked salmon were available.The service was very good with the staff remembering what each of us had ordered previously with regard to juices &amp; tea/coffee.We had a meal in the Issimo Bar one evening &amp; it was very good value. We had a meal on the rooftop another night &amp; the food was good but waited for 40 minutes for it to arrive.All the staff we encountered were professional, helpful, efficient &amp; courteous. Taxis are availavble outside the hotel &amp; are as reasonable as folks have previously stated. A 20 min ride to the Hard Rock Cafe for 4 of us was 48 dirhams (approx £7.50) plus tip. We read in a tourist mag that if a taxi driver starts tailgating tell him to slow down or you won't give him a tip.We had been given a business card from the hotel with a small map on it for location should a taxi driver not be familiar with the hotel (they all were).We went to the Diera Mall but I would think other Malls would be more interesting. The queue for a taxi back to the hotel was very long but within 10mins we were on our way so no problem.We didn't have time to take the 'BIg Bus Tour' but I would suggest you try to do it., 2 different trips, hopping on &amp; off &amp; including a dhow trip can be taken within 24hrs representing very good value for money. If you think that you will be arriving or departing the airport at a busy time then you can book 'Marhaba (meaning welcome) services', [--].I read that with effect from 17th June the airport authorities will be implementing the 'liquids in a small clear plastic bag' sytsem that we currently have in the UK.A lot of items eg alcohol appear to be cheaper than duty free in UK.I know that this report is long but if you've waded through it I hope that you find it helpful.	
May 16 2007 	Good location to explore Dubai	Our party consisted of two adults and a 10 year old child.We found the room to be large and pleasant.The foyer is impressive.Verre restaurant is excellent.The hotel appears to be more for the business market, however we enjoyed the location as it allowed us to explore Dubai and get a feel for the history of the country.The roof top pool is small and not easy to get to, however the views from the pool are stunning.	
Apr 6 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed for two nights just before the Easter Bank Holiday Weekend. Got a corner room which was huge. The bathroom was fab with a jacuzzi bath. Both restuarants were excellent (one is Verre by Gordon Ramsey. Beautiful roof top pool on the 14th floor offering spectacular views over Dubai. Excellent Hotel	
Apr 1 2007	Great hotel all-around	Stayed here for two days for leisure, before heading to Fujairah. It is located quite centrally to the Dubai attractions and airport but is a little far from the beaches - the free shuttle will take you to the Hilton beach resort in 20-30 minutes. We really enjoyed our stay in one of the Executive corner rooms, which include executive lounge and airport transfers.The airport transfer left a bit to be desired as the driver wasn't there when we got through customs. Nice car though. We did a very early check-in which wasn't much of a problem. We had to wait about 45 minutes for our room but were invited to use the Executive lounge where we had breakfast. The lounge is quite small but they do serve decent food, unlike most Hilton executive lounges. There's also free wifi internet there.The executive room was very spacious and everything was immaculate. Nice views of the creek through the floor to ceiling windows. Real feel of luxury, especially in the beautiful bathroom with separate shower. Great amenities with fancy coffee maker, printer, plug to charge the laptop while stored in the safe, and Hilton rubber ducky in the bathroom! There's enough space to share with a third person (child or small adult) with a roll away bed.Breakfast in the restaurant was perfect, with everything we could want for breakfast. We were very pleasantly surprised by the variety and quality of each item.Decent pool on the rooftop with loungers. Parking was free, but a little tight to navigate a full size SUV.The only thing I could fault was that staff members at checkin and lounge were very cold - something we noticed throughout the UAE - however they were very professional. Overall this is a very nice Hilton that's a cut above the others in the chain. It should be commended for it's attention to detail and the pervasive sense of quality throughout the property. Recommended if you're here for a stopover or to sample the cultural and shopping attractions.	
Mar 30 2007 	fantastic hotel	stayed at hilton for 5 nights in executive room, hotel very clean all the staff we very helpfull and polite. rooms were great very big massive bed. executive lounge a little small but never got full, free alcholic drinks 6-8 every night in lounge. glasshouse food was very good. verre very nice food but the atmosphere was lacking.had a great time would stay at this hotel again great location for souks. saving to go again.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great Rooms Good Food	We stayed here for my birthday back in December, and we were upgraded to a club floor corner room with our Hilton status. The room was HUGE -- the corner room was wonderful. Had a mini bar, comfortable bed, nice leather chairs, and very well put together. My favorite part was the full jacuzzi hot tub in the bathroom that overlooked the city. We ate at the a la carte restaurant and the food was wonderful. I highly recommend it. The martini bar was small, and not the best of drinks, but service was great.It was too cold to swim, but the top floor pool was nice and also had a great view of the city.If you are staying in Dubai for business, or for a short holiday (without wanting to stay by the beach), this is the perfect hotel for you. Location is great, near many other great hotels and restaurants, and ten minutes from the high fashion Burjamon mall. Warning though that the traffic in this area is horrible in the evenings, so be prepared.	
Jan 11 2007 	Dubai has some fantastic hotels - Unfortunately this is not one of them.	Stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek to ring in the new year - Inconsistency was the only word to describe it! Definitely not a 5* hotel.Being a gold VIP member we checked in at the executive lounge -the room we had booked on the executive floor was not available so we were offered an alternative room on another floor. I had no issue with this but asked could we still access the lounge and was told that no, this would not be possible due to the fact that supplies in the lounge were running low! what an excuse - It wasn't as if they were offering unlimited food and drink in the lounge (which was tiny) and all we wanted was to access the internet and as a gold member I would have expected to be able to do this.On checking in I asked what was going on in the hotel to ring in the new year. The receptionist said she didn't know but would find out. When getting the room keys from the same girl later I asked again if she had found out- She said she hadn't but that she would get someone with more information to call to my room. At the same time she handed me an envelope which I assumed was a welcome letter so I just put it in my bag. Needless to say no one called to the room with details - however when I looked at the letter much later in the evening I discovered it was an invitation to the new years party and contained four vouchers for free drinks in the bar for that night! What a nice touch - but really the gesture was lost since she did not even know what she was giving me. When we checked up on this we eventually found out after 3 phone calls that they had even reserved a table for us in advance and all we needed to do was confirm the time! If the receptionist had handed me the vouchers and invitation saying that she had checked and that we were booked into the restaurant and were receiving complimentary vouchers then what a difference it would have made to the whole experience. When we got to our room there was a king bed - even though I was staying with my sister and had requested twin beds - this room overlooked the apartment block next to the hotel where you could see all the tenants washing hanging out on the balcony and their rubbish bags. not a pretty sight! We eventually got changed to a twin room - but this was 2 hours later, after 5 phone calls to the room from various people with contradictory messages and a knock on the door which was someone with a camp bed. I have never stayed in a 5 star hotel where I have been offered to sleep on a camp bed for the duration of my stay. Onto the room - We had a turndown service just 2 out of five nights. Fresh dates were also only delivered 2 nights. A fresh fruit basket appeared one night and then was left sitting there for the following three nights. The cleaner made himself known to us as our cleaner anytime we passed him in the corridor - which I assume was for a tip and one morning woke us with a knock on the door to ask what time we wanted the room cleaned. We could hear everything happening in the rooms next to us...and even could hear the toilets flushing and the shower running in the room above us. There is also a lot of traffic from main road in front of the hotel 24hrs a day and constant noise from planes overhead to and from the nearby airport. One night there was a party until 6.30am - but when I called reception at 5am they said it could just be the piped music in the hall(??? there was no piped music in the hall) and did nothing about it. The next day when I asked at reception about it they said they never received the call from me. New Years dinner was ok, the waiters were great but again were falling over themselves asking you if you wanted wine etc but this gets annoying when you are asked 4 times by 4 different waiters in the space of 15 minutes! It was the same at breakfast each morning - the same questions and messages from at least two members of staff each time. To be honest they were trying their best but lack the extra bit of training which would make them more professional. And that was the same for all staff for the duration of the stay - they were always asking if there was anything they could do for you - but if you actually asked them to do something then they completely balked and could never do what you wanted them to. It was as if they had been told to be nice and ask if everything was ok for the guests- but were not trained to handle any situation which may arrise.As part of the new years package we got complimentary access to the nightclub - Again a nice touch but there was a lot of confusion about using the vouchers even though it stated on the voucher that they would be accepted in the nightclub. Eventually they were taken but the last thing you want is to be embarrassed at the bar each time you want to use the voucher. I would have preferred to have paid for the drink at the end of it. With five minutes to go to midnight we were told to get ready for the countdown...but the countdown never happened at all so no one knew it was 07 until we checked our watches later and realised they had missed it! There also seems to be lots of 'call girls' in the hotel on that night in particular.When we checked of the hotel at 10pm the receptionist was surprised we were checking out so late since we had paid to stay for the night - but she never asked why or was there a reason or if we had enjoyed our stay. What a difference it would make if she had asked was everything ok and that she hoped we had enjoyed our stay. Overall the hotel is new so it is very clean and the reception and the staircase look very well - especially since they had it decorated for Christmas! But that is they only thing that I found nice about the hotel. I would compare it to the new rooms in the Hilton Metropole in London which is 4 star and is basically a business hotel. I must say thought that I do travel extensively and I do have fairly high expectations when it comes to 5* hotels - 5* should be 5* in every aspect, so if you are not that fussy and don't mind the inconsistent service then this hotel is fine for a business trip or a non-luxury trip to Dubai ...but with so many other luxury hotels there I would give this one a miss!	
Jan 3 2007 	Good hotel but book early for trips!	We stayed at this hotel from Boxing Day until New Year's Eve 2006. We had booked an Executive Room, and the free pick up from the airport went very smoothly. We checked into our room and we were a little disappointed to find out it was next to the lift shaft. As such, the bathroom did not have a bath in it (just a shower) and the room was a strange shape. We asked at reception if it was possible to change rooms and the following evening we were contacted by the Executive Lounge receptionist and offered another, better room. This room had a bath and was a better room overall.We ate in Verre one night, although that nearly did not happen because we realised about an hour before we due to dine that it was a &quot;dry&quot; day in Dubai and the restaurant was not open - despite us having a booking confirmed by the restaurant manager! After a few enquiries, and speaking to the General Manager it was confirmed that we had a booking for the following night - but we had not been told this originally! As a result we got a free glass of champagne and desserts in the restaurant. We thought the restaurant was excellent.We tried to book a couple of trips through the hotel concierge, but were disappointed to find out that they were booked up. The one we had particularly wanted to go on was the trip to the Godolphin stables. I had e-mailed the hotel about this trip some weeks before we travelled and they said it would be ok to book when we arrived, but sadly this did not work out. The stables tour was fully booked for the following 2 weeks! If you would like to go on this tour do not wait until you arrive to book it!We are glad we did not stay down at the beach, as it looked like a complete construction site. Taxis are so cheap to get around in, but the traffic is appalling!	
Jan 2 2007 	It's OK but we wouldn't go back	We booked here for 6 nights Dec 25 - Jan 31.We booked and paid for an executive room.I'm HH Gold and got no upgrade or benefits because of this.On the plus side we arrived at the hotel (via the private transfer in a nice car) at 8am, by 9am they had a room ready for us so I was pleased about that, obviously this is just down to chance though.The room itself was OK, no wow factor for us despite the floor to ceiling windows and a nice bathroom, it just wasn't all that special in our opinion. The beds were comfy though, our view was part creek and mostly of the big building next to the hotel!Now, onto the executive lounge - IT IS DREADFULL. It too small for one thing. They have a coffee machine so you can help yourself to that all day. Soft drinks are supposed to be available all day, they are but you have to either ask for one or wait to be asked. The problem is there was often just one member of staff in there and they were mostly busy at the desk so you had to wait ages for a simple glass of water. Most lounges I've been in have soft drinks and water available for you to help yourself too, they could have some small fridges under the counters on the side, there is room.Happy hour was OK but if you wanted beer or wine, you had to ask for it or wait to be asked, it was a nightmare when it was busy as you can imagine. They did leave spirits out and a few (and I mean very few) cans of soft drinks out at happy hour.The food offerings we're very poor too, the room was too warm and they would have salmon, mayo (In sandwiches) etc just sat out in it for hours, you'd have to be desperate to eat there!Being in an exec room we should've had fruit delivered daily but this only happened after we complained about not getting it for two days.We ate at the Glasshouse on Christmas Day, this was really nice and a reasonable price too. We had breakfast included but only went 4 days. Breakfast was just OK, sure it was a buffett but not too exciting, plus I witnessed too many people just picking things up and putting them down again or not using a cloth to hold the breads when cutting them. You could order hot stuff from the menu but the portions were small, but well presented and always very greasy if ordering bacon or omlettes or anything similar.I can't complain about the location as we knew exactly where it was and what to expect. It was handy for us to go off and watch football in the Chelsea Arms pub in the Sheraton which was just a couple of minutes walk away.The fitness centre is tiny, two treadmills, one bike, one recline bike, one cross trainer and a knackered rower plus 4 fixed weight machines and some free weights. It was all very cramped and again, it was too hot to work out in properly.We had no trouble with the staff and we never had problems getting a taxi either. All the staff were very friendly.We popped up to the pool area, it looked nice but was always busy as it's very small, we never intended on sunbathing as we never thought it was warm enough, especially as it was always breezy up there.Overall I can only give it 3 out of 5 as we were just dissapointed with it all, it just did not live up to the tripadvisor hype for us.	
Dec 28 2006 	The mediocre Dubai Hilton	Overall I have given the Hilton a score of 3 out of 5 - the reason for this is the quality of the hotel against the other 2 hotels we stayed in during our holiday - The Jumerah Beach Hotel and the Fairmont that we leagues apart.I can see why travellers say that the Hilton Dubai Creek is the best city (Deira hotel) - quite simply it probably is - although though there is little real competition along the Creek. I visited Dubai 10 years ago and the creek was a happening place - then we stayed at the old Intercontinenal - however nowadays all the action is either at the Marina, Jumerah Beach or Sheik Zayed Road. The best thing about the Creek is the fact that it is near the Gold Souk - the worst thing is that its quite a run down area and the traffic to get back across the Creek is mind numbing.Ok so onto the Hotel itself. The hotel is quite small and a business hotel - not a place for families. The rooms are generously sized and the bathrooms nice black marble - very smart. All rooms face the Creek (ours did sort of) and there is a small roof top pool (see picture - warning get there early to find a space!!!) Lots of European business travallers staying at this hotel and the front desk team were capable of speaking many languages. So why isnt this a 5 star hotel? Well its the little things that stand 5 stars apart. For example no-one was available to hail you a taxi out the front of the hotel - or no-one was there to open the front door for you when you arrived with your shopping. Small things I know, but something you would expect at a top class hotel.Didnt eat at the Verre Restaurant (Dont like frogs legs - the menu didnt look as expensive as I thought it may have been) - although it was always busy of dinner. Room service was good and we ate in the Glasshouse restaurant that was ok as well.Finally I would like to mention the Hilton Jumerah Beach (The Creek's sister hotel) that we visited on the daliy bus trip. I have enclosed a picture of the magnitude of the building work in the marina which simply dwarfs the hotel. Despite the Marina being &quot;nearly completed&quot; the background hammering, welding and clanking would have driven me made if I stayed at this hotel more than a couple of hours longer - the same must go for the Oasis Beach which was next door or the magnificent looking Grosnevor Hotel that was just up the road. This is a personal thing - but you have been warned!!!!	
Dec 23 2006 	Nice Hotel but stay nearer the beach!	Stayed here in September for 3 nights on holiday. I not sure if this hotel was originally just and empty building which Hilton took on because although its stylish it definitely have a look of an office block. Because I am Gold Hilton member I was immediately upgraded to a nice room with floor to ceiling windows on two sides with a good view of the Creek. The down side of the upgrade we was that we was not allowed to use the Executive Lounge and to be honest it was so small and crowed we didn’t miss much. I wasn’t too happy on how I was told I wasn’t welcome in the lounge; the lady on the desk was quite abrupt and unpleasant when all she needed to do was to explain the situation in a professional and polite manner (0 out of 10 for customer service in the lounge). The pool on the roof is very pleasant with good views over the city, it has a small bar area and food can be ordered although; the shaded seating area is a little on the small side but the bar/pool attendant couldn’t do enough for you and always with a smile. We ate once at the Gordon Ramsey Restaurant - Le Vere which was superb and very reasonably priced much better value than the Al Mahara at the Burj Al Arab, we ate there as a celebration meal for our wedding anniversary and although the food was good it was very very expensive. In would definitely recommend Le Vere, even if you are not staying at the Hilton but book well in advance and make sure you leave plenty of time to arrive, the traffic between 5pm and 8pm in Dubai/Derail is absolutely horrendous. Don’t bother with the bar it has no life at all, this is primarily a business hotel and the bar was empty on every occasion we passed. The room service menu is good with a very efficient service. Breakfast is OK nothing special.The problem with this hotel is its location, Dubai city itself has not got a great deal to offer and if you venture to the Gold Souk beware that Taxi drivers are unwilling to take you back because its just a short distance (to far to walk though and imposable in the heat and humidity). The guidebooks tell you that the Taxi drivers are not allowed to refuse a fare but they keep the doors locked and ask were you are going before they let you in, then say they don’t understand English and drive off! We eventually got a taxi but the driver said he had no change so the fare was not what I expected to pay. Overall the Taxi fares are reasonable and they are definitely the best way to travel.One good experience we had at this hotel was because of my Gold status we got complementary transport to the airport on our departure in I a very nice car (10 out of 10 for customer service this time!)I would not 100% recommended this hotel if you are on holiday, it’s a good business hotel and I would stay again if on business in Dubai. The hotel runs a shuttle service to its sister hotel on Jeremiah beach which is 20-30 minutes away (could double during rush hour) my advice would be stay at the beach it has more to offer and travel in to Dubai City if you want to.	
Dec 21 2006 	Dubai's finest "city hotel"	Arriving in the heat of Summer, the Hilton Dubai Creek was a welcome respite. Our room was superb - very large for a standard room and the black marble bathrooms are very luxurious. The entire atmosphere of the hotel is unlike any other Hilton I have stayed at - it is like a boutique hotel. The staff service is excellent, and although it is quite tall, it is actually a fairly small hotel. The rooftop pool is just great. We stayed in a standard room, however some people we were with had a massive suite, I believe it was an executive club suite, and it was amazing. It had its own bar, cappucino machine, two bathrooms and enormous wrap-around balcony. Breakfast here is extremely good - a buffet of cold foods and a menu (my god, a breakfast MENU!) to order your substantial hot food which comes out looking like something from an extremely exclusive restaurant.Anyway, bottom line is: I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. It's fantastic. Obviously it's a city hotel so it's not on the beach, but if you don't want to be in a resort then this is the hotel for you.	
Nov 20 2006 	LOVED IT!	Had eaten at Glasshouse a couple of times on previous visits and always liked the look of this hotel. So when my friend and I decided to come for a weekend shopping trip from Pakistan where we live at the moment, it was my first choice. We got a free pick up from the airport and the driver was waiting with my name on a board. We checked in at the Executive lounge and had tea and smoked salmon sandwiches whilst the receptionist went through the formalities. We had asked for a twin room which wasn't available on the Executive floor so we were given a room on a lower floor but still had access to the Executive lounge. The room was lovely, twin beds facing a wall of glass looking down the creek and out to sea in the distance. The bathroom was gorgeous - a big bath, huge separate shower, all in black and grey marble and granite and a complimentary rubber duck. Our room was very quiet and the beds were comfy so we got a good nights sleep following our mega-shopping trips! The location is good - City Centre mall is a short taxi ride away (walkable at a pinch) and M&amp;S, Toys R Us, Reef Mall, Al Ghurain mall and the gold souk are all pretty close as well. On all but one occasion we managed to get a taxi almost straight away outside the hotel, although the odd driver would refuse to take us when he realised we weren't going far - one pretended he didn't know where the gold souk was! The hotel also has a complimentary shuttle bus to a different shopping mall once each day. Breakfast was served in Glasshouse and was very good - hot dishes such as bacon and eggs, french toast, pancakes, eggs benedict etc are ordered a la carte and served directly to you. We had dinner in the Glasshouse one night and as ever it was excellent. The executive lounge serves tea, coffee, cold drinks and snacks all day and from 6 to 8pm has &quot;happy hour&quot; with wine, spirits and beer plus hot snacks, houmus, cheeses, etc. Only complaint is it is very small and gets busy at happy hour so you have to get there early to get a seat! Staff at the hotel were all very friendly and helpful and housekeeping replenish towels and toiletries in the evening when they do the turn down service. I really couldn't fault this hotel, it was a fab experience from the moment we were picked up at the airport to being dropped off there again 3 nights later.	
Nov 17 2006 	Fantastic Hotel in an amazing city	We stayed 5 nights in this hotel and can't fault it. We were checked into our room immediately, even though we had arrived early following an overnight flight. The room was superb, looking out over the creek and offering every luxury you could require.We used the glasshouse restaurant for breakfast and dinner, all meals were fresh and delicious and served by excellent waiting staff. Room service was also quick and very reasonably priced.Housekeeping were also excellent, whenever you requested anything, it was brought to your room immediately.The hotel also arranged trips and offered advice on places to visit, taxi's etc. We used the business suite and pool on many occassions.A trip not to missed is the Desert safari, we used Sunflower tours and the trip was amazing. We also used the Big Red Bus tours to visit the beach area and spot all the city sites. This ticket also included a cruise on the creek and was exceptional value.Both Dubai and the Hilton were fantastic.	
Nov 9 2006 	Good Location Good Service	As regular visitors to Dubai myself and my wife have stayed at a variety of city centre 5* Hotels, we always shop around for the best prices but always found the Hilton to be alittle more expensive than others, this time we managed to get a good deal for ten nights through British Airways so decided to give it a go. We arrived around 8pm and had no problem in checking in at this time, a good start. The room was very spacious, complete with king size bed and a beautifull view of the creek from the full length windows (you wouldn't want to suffer from vertigo!!!!) We used the shuttle service to the beach most days and found that the building works at the beach were no problem although getting back through the traffic at night took almost one hour. The staff were very helpfull and although we didn't visit Verrre we did eat a few times at the Glasshouse, the food was good and reasonably priced. The only thing that I had to complain about was the taxi 'service' outside the hotel, depending on where you wanted to go the taxi drivers were sometimes unwilling to accept your fare, I did complain to the Concierge but it made little difference so we ended up flagging down our own taxi out on the street. All in all a very good experience.	
Nov 8 2006	Perfect Location away from building sites	We had done a great deal of research on this hotel and we were not disappointed. The location is beside the Creek, which is well away from all of the building sites which are going on in Dubai at the moment.The rooms are lovely, with fantastic views of the Creek. The staff are very helpful, especially the Concierge. The food and drinks are very pricey. We got caught out the very first morning as we thought we had booked bed abd breakfast, but we had only booked bed. We only fancied coffee and cereal which we had. When we came to leave the restaurant we had to &quot;sign&quot; for it and then we realiesed we had charge it to our room (AED 130 which is about £20), which is when we found out we had to pay for it. Just a word of warning!!!!!!!!The gym is very good, small but lots of equpment in. the roof top pool is small, but perfectly adequete and the staff in both are very helpful.If you are planning any trips don't use something different.com which the local operator is Planet Tours. They messed us about telling us different pick up times, and then when we phoned to confirm our second tour they said they could not find our booking, so we booked through the hotel and then an hour before we received a fax from planet Tours confirming our booking.Would recommend the Desert Safari, it is awesome, be careful if you are prone to travel sickness as the jeeps do throw you around a bit.You can get a free shuttle bus to the sister hotel at Jumeriah Beach, which is well worth it for the day.We can't wait for our next trip out there!	
Oct 26 2006 	Fantastic 	My Husband and I are just back from the Hilton Dubai Creek; we stayed there for 2 weeks for our Honeymoon and had a fabulous time. I can’t recommend this hotel enough. Our room was a Creekside view deluxe located on the 4th floor, this was a v large room with a v large bathroom, all freshly decorated and very clean, the view of the creek was out of this world. The only thing to watch out for was the mini bar £2.00 for a can of coke indeed! The amenities in the hotel were ok, the pool is a tad small and there were occasions when you had to wait a short while for a sun lounger, the bar Issimo was nice and the cocktails were good value between £5.00 to £6.00 – the Glasshouse is where you get breakfast, you can choose from pancakes to a full English breakfast and they had plenty of cereals and fresh fruit. It is really well situated and a short taxi ride (5 mins - £2.00) is the city mall here you will find a good selection of shops and eateries. I recommend you take a trip to Karama market as this is where the best deals happen and haggling is expected, we bought so much we had to ditch clothes to get everything in our suitcase! I would also recommend Mina Bazaar as that has also got a varied selection of restaurants and shopsWould definitely advise anyone going to check this hotel out	
Oct 25 2006	7 out of 10	showed up at 5 in the morning due to flights and they wouldn't let me check in even though they had clean rooms available. instead i had to sit around the lobby for 3 hours then at 8 they finally let me check in. but that aside, the rooms were nice and modern though needed some maintenance. the bathtubs in two rooms that i was in didn't work for instance. far from everything but dubai is very spread out and you are never where you want to be. the taxis are super cheap and given the price that i paid for this hotel was really good i would stay again. the only other place i would think about staying is a hotel along the water if i felt like shelling out the money.oh, and the pool was pretty spectacular. see picture!	
Oct 21 2006 	Great location	We stayed here for a week during October and found it really difficult to fault the hotel. The staff, as is so often the case, are the greatest asset a hotel can have and the staff at the Dubai Creek Hilton were a cut above so many we have previously encountered. Within a couple of days we were being addressed by name, the staff at breakfast reserved a regular table for us and nothing was too much trouble. The accommodation was very good. we stayed on the thirteenth floor with marvellous views of the dhow wharf and the creek and were near enough to the roof top pool to walk up the stairs, where, although it is fairly compact there was always enough space and, although it was Ramadan, there was a screened area for the service of refreshments, most welcome in average day time temperatures of 36C.The room itself was large by any standards, with floor to ceiling windows and a large bathroom. The only gripe in this respect was that we had been sold the room as a triple. What this in fact meant was that a 'camp bed', was provided. Luckily the third member of our party is quite petite and managed OK, but it was effectively only suitable for a child or small adult . I suggest that if you intend to book a triple or quad room you check what exactly you are getting (we booked through BA holidays).Food in the hotel was really very good - we thoroughly enjoyed the breakfasts and when not out and about, either dined in the Glasshouse restaurant or had room service.The hotel organised a car and driver for us on most days and we did trips to Abu Dhabi and Al Ain (don't miss out on Jebel Hafeet if you do the latter) as well as being available for us most days for city tours and general running about. The cost was less than it would have been to go on organised trips with a tour company and I strongly recommend it rather than that or hiring a a car yourself.We recommend the Heritage village and the Dubai museum, as well as the regular Gold Souk, shopping mall, dinner on a boat on the creek and similar excursions. We did not go to Wild Wadi and so can't comment, neither did we go dune bashing, but both seemed to be great fun for the young and energetic (we are neither). We strongly recommend a visit to the Jumeirah mosque, where they have short (an hour or so) educational visits for non Muslims after which questions can be put, which were answered with honesty and diplomatically - some questions were a bit confrontational.The hotel also provided a shuttle service to the Hilton Jumeirah beach, which had a reasonable beach and provides facilities for changing and showering, as well as use of all the facilities. In addition there is a free shuttle service from the hotel to various locations in Dubai - a different location every day (this is not well advertised - you may need to ask).One last adverse criticism - the executive lounge is woefully small - only fourteen seats and three internet desk stools. On a number of occasions we couldn't get a seat for the happy hour free drinks and snacks and had to go elsewhere in the hotel and of course pay.All in all though it is a great hotel, not too big (140 rooms or so), in a central location, near the airport, great staff and much quieter than it's sister hotel in Jumeirah. I strongly recommend it.	
Oct 21 2006 	Very good but watch the sting in Ramsays	My wife and I took a five day break from work in Saudi Arabia in July. Our first stay at the Hilton and a very good hotel but we were not happy with Ramsays restaurant (see below) . We took one of the executive rooms on the upper floors. Modern decor, full height windows and a great bathroom. Good location with most places within a short taxi ride. Nice modern airy breakfast room and the exchange arangement with the Jumeirah Beach Hilton is worth using.. we had a good day on the beach there. Staff were possibly too attentive.. a number of calls from various members to check whether we were happy with the room/tidyness/etc etc. As to Ramsays.. very good menu, excellent food but SMALL (and I mean small) portions. I was astonished however at the blatant con trick pulled by the staff as my wife and I arrived for our meal. As we sat down the waiter said 'Glass of champagne sir' in such a manner that I (and my wife) assumed was some form of complimentary offer. It turned out that it wasn't.. the bill came to over 1000 Dh (about 150 pounds) and 460 Dh (about 60 pounds) of that was for the 2 glasses of champagne.Mr Ramsay should attend to that. Until he does we shall eat elsewhere when next in Dubai.	
Sep 17 2006 	We really enjoyed the Hilton Dubai Creek	Overall we really enjoyed our stay. We had booked into an Executive room, which included free airport transfers and access to the executive lounge.Our airport transfer was great, we took a while to get through passport control, but the driver/hotel contacted Emirates airlines to confirm that we indeed boarded in Glasgow. He basically waited for 2 hours! On route he was very chatty and offered us a cold drink of water. The check in went smoothly. When we arived in our bedroom there was rose petals on the bed and in the bathroom with a small oil burner lit. Everything was imaculate. The toiletries were from Crabtree and Evelyn and were heavenly. The staff were friendly and courteous throughout, although the accents can make it difficult for guests and staff to communicate properly.Breakfast was fabulous everyday and the fact that they serve breakfast to 11am everyday means you don't need to get up at the crack of dawn to eat. The selection was fabulous and the service was good.The rooftop pool was great, there was not many loungers (10 in all) and 3 tables. Considering this is more a business hotel, it seemed reasonable and we never struggled to get a lounger (although only went up twice). The pool I thought was a good size and great for a cool down and a few &quot;mini&quot; lengths. In previous reviews people stated that they were disappointed by the size of the pool, but i feel that if they wanted to do olympic laps they should go to an olympic swimming pool.The executive lounge was nice and peaceful during the day. I have to say that the staff member who was present in the lounge was not that &quot;hospitable&quot; in terms of checking whether we wanted anything and we had to get up to ask her for a refill of our soft drinks etc. The snacks at happy hour were nice and the one time we were in at happy hour the lounge wasn't too busy and although we do not drink alcohol, but noticed they had a wide selection.The small shop in the lobby had a great selection of curios/souveneirs, and some of the things were actually cheaper than Deira City Centre etc. So do have a look.Our room was right next to the executive lounge and we managed to connect to the wireless connection from the lounge in our room so basically had access 24/7 which was great.We did not actually dine in Verre or Glasshouse, but the menu for the Glasshouse looked nice and seemed reasonably priced.The only two negative points we experienced was the fact that the very fancy looking coffee machine did have any instructions on how to work it and when we did figure it out it only makes half a cup of coffee. We went without tea for 2 nights thinking we couldn't get any boiling water from the coffee machine and when the engineer came up he then pointed out that there was a kettle in the cupboard above the television (didn't even know it was a cupboard as it's all wood panelling and I wouldn't have reached it cos it's quite high up). We had asked for a non-smoking room, and for our whole stay (6 nights) this was fine, but we woke on the last day to the smell of smoke, sending me into a sneezing fit. Even when we got home and opened our suitcases our clothes still smelled of smoke. We did not say anything to the hotel (although in hindsight should've) as we were leaving the next day and it wasn't too much of a bother for us at that point as we were having such a great time in Dubai overall.We wouldn't pay this much for a hotel in Dubai again, as we really only used it as a base and feel that although we could afford it we'd rather spend our money on doing things in Dubai.	
Sep 8 2006 	beware- rude unhelpful staff	very rude staff, donot honour their bedroom bookings made by telephone, prior to arrival,attempt to double room fees	
Sep 6 2006	Fantastic	There is not one thing I would change about this hotel. Just in case you are booking for a break here are some things you might need to know;The hotel offers complimentary beach transfers twice daily and use of the Hilton hotel at Jumeriah beach, a good way to get to Wild Wadi, Burj al Arab etc cheaply. It takes about 25mins to get there.The hotel is quite central to everywhere, virtually in the middle of Dubai, you need to get a taxi to most places however we never paid more than about £7 (to the Mall of the Emirates I think)Don't take the trips, desert safari etc from thehotel, you can get exactly the same trips for half the price if you ring the numbers in Time Out etc, which they have free in the rooms!Eat in the Glasshouse restaurant, the food is great, the service is great and the prices are very reasonable.Get your water from the supermarket behind the hotel, for the price of a litre and a half of Hilton's finest you can get about 16ltrs from there!Thats it, the rooms are huge, the bathroom is fantastic, the service is excellent, breakfasts are super and the pool is refreshing!	
Sep 4 2006	Worth a second trip!	I booked a surprise trip for my husbands 40th in January. ( it was a little chilly for me though) It's a birthday he'll never forget!the Hilton was immaculate, staff so friendly and helpful, room was perfect and the service, out of this world. I booked a safari dinner for him. We went out on a 4x4 in the desert, watched the sunset and even went to a camel farm. To top it off there was a buffet laid on for us, with plenty to eat and drink. At the end of the night they switched off the camp lights and all you could see was a sky full of stars - it was so romantic!The malls are amazing and shopping is plentiful.The buildings are amazing.It's definitely worth a visit. Very child friendly in the beach hotels.We loved it so much we're going again in November. We've booked tea at the Burj and will try the water park	
Jul 29 2006 	Great hotel!	My 16 yr old son and I recently returned from a 7 day stay in Dubai. The Hilton Dubai Creek is a great hotel.Although it clearly attracts many business clients it is a welcome break from Dubai's infamous concrete construction sights.The service could not be faulted in the Glasshouse restaurant. Equally, hospitality was extended to us by the porters, housekeeping and front-desk staff. Look out for Benedict, one of the reception staff who is a pleasure to talk to. Nothing is too much trouble. All the staff we encountered would give us tips on things to do and would generally enquire how we were doing whenever they saw us. It wasn't full-on and 'in your face', just sufficiently polite to appreciate their asking. In the morning, they would politely ask what our agenda was for the day and would warn us about over exposure to the fierce heat. I found all the staff to be extremely helpful, accomodating and we were definitely made to feel welcome. Housekeeping is 'on-point'. We woke up to complimentary newspapers and bottled water was delivered every day. In the evening during 'turn-down' staff always lit a candle burner in the bathroom and this created a wonderfully relaxed atmosphere.We stayed in a deluxe room which I think is their standard basic room. It was spacious, modern and extremely well maintained. The decor is tasteful without being too opulent or over the top. The floor to ceiling windows are wonderful with great views of the creek.The bathroom is one of the best I've seen from a 5 star hotel - glass, chrome, black marble. The shower is soothing.Granted, it does not have much to offer families with young children. There is only the roof top pool which is small but never really full, a small gym and spa. I had an hour's aromotherapy massage and slept soundly thereafter. Older children and young couples who want to avoid the hussle and bustle of a typical holiday hotel will appreciate the Hilton Dubai Creek.If you want a crowded beach hotel, lots of water activities and sea, you can always use the Hilton Dubai Creek's shuttle bus to travel to its sister hotel - Hilton Jumeira. Though the service is equally great, the food is not as lovingly prepared. Seemed almost mass produced, and lacked taste. It's easy to jump in a taxi and visit the many malls Dubai has to offer. The staff are most helpful. Always on hand to open doors for you or to hail a taxi. Before leaving for Dubai, I read a review where someone said that the staff at the Hilton Creek were unhelpful. Their comments definitely did not reflect my experiences I would stay at this hotel again without a doubt.The Hilton Dubai Creek allows you to forget that surrounding areas in Dubai tend to be a mass of concrete construction! Even the beach Hilton hotel was surrounded by it. I found this off-putting and was glad that I had made the right choice and decided to stay in the city.	
Jul 10 2006	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed 4 nights at the Hilton Dubai Creek. The staff were very welcoming on our arrival. Throughout our stay nothing was a problem, they staff could not have been more helpful. Our room was very spacious and very Bevcomfortable. We had a corner room so had fantastic views over the Creek. The restaurants in the hotel are both first class. We dined twice in the Glasshouse Restaurant and once in Gordon Ramsay's Verre restaurant. An experience we will not forget. We found the hotel well positioned for what we wanted and would certainly stay there again.	
Jun 29 2006	Boring !!!	After staying at many Dubai hotels, I was curious to try the Hilton Creek. BORING is the word to describe it.I never once saw a breathing human in the lobby other than the front desk personel. The hotel bar was almost always empty.This hotel is the only one in Dubai that did not give complimentary fruit and water daily. I never saw an apple or a bottle of water. When I checked out, I asked for a taxi. It was 5:30 am. The bell-hop walked outside with me. We saw no taxis so he said he would call a private car for me. I said no, a taxi would be along soon. The bell-hop then walked back in the hotel and I was left to stand on the curb hailing a taxi. I was FURIOUS. This is not 5-star service. After 10 minutes, a taxi came by and I hailed it and lifted my own luggage into the trunk. So much for the Hilton Creek. I had another upcoming reservation which I promptly cancelled.The room was fine. The bathroom was very nice. But, there is no life in this establishment.	
Jun 24 2006	Wonderful hotel	After using this webiste for reference to hotels I am glad that I choose this hotel. It was everything and so much more than I expected. the staff are oh so pleasant and helpful. I am going bck to Dubai early next year.We arrived at 8.45am and while our room was getting ready for us we had breakfast which was super. Within 45minutes they called to let us know our room was ready . The staff are so friendly and helpful. We had a deluxe room and the bathroom was huge with a two person shower. I can't fault the hotel, the staff or anything about the Dubai. I am glad that I listen to my friend and stayed in the Creek, the Hilton twins with the Hilton Jumeriah Beach and you can use the facilities there complimentary. The beach is full of construction sites I would not stay on the beach.	
Jun 18 2006	Great!	I stayed in Hilton Creek again recently and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The location is fantastic, especially if you want to be near the creek, airport, museum, shopping etc. Excellent food in Glasshouse and Verre. Decor throughout is excellent. The only quibble I might have is that the executive lounge is a little small. Staff are wonderful, but the lounge was busy each night and some people had to turn away.	
Jun 14 2006	What a perfect start	Wiritng this very late as have only recently started adding my experiences to tripadviser but hope it helps.Stayed here on first leg of a three month round the world trip in 03/04. What a great start, this place was unbelievable. The rooms are simply fantastic, all wood, marble, glass, finished to an immaculate standard. Loads of space with all the gadgets you can think of and a bathroom that will make you blush. The floor to ceiling windows give you great views over the creek too.The restaurant is fabulous (Gordon Ramsey I think) and served the most incredible breakfasts which we were delighted to discover were included in our price.The rooftop pool is small but perfectly formed with great views and a nice bar area. Loads of thick white egyptian cotton towels add to the experience.The petal filled pools in reception again add to the ambience and I would disagree with a previous review and say that this hotel is ideally placed if you are a tourist. A short stroll takes you to the wharf where you can enjoy dhow rides down the creek. The souks are a little further on and taxi's are a plenty. We did the big city bus tour (as you see in the UK) and it takes you all over the city. You can get on or off at leisure and see the various malls and things. Would also recommend a visit to the yacht club for the views and over water restaurant there. Also Asha's at Wafi City is a great place to eat.Used the gym which is good too and took the courtesy bus to the sister Beach hotel and boy were we glad we didn't stay there. Nice hotel and beach area but the whole strip is a construction site, or at least it was.Stayed in fourteen hotels on our trip. Three really stood out and this was one of them.	
Jun 1 2006	GREAT LEADERSHIP from the General Manager Mark Deere	Had yet another terrific stay here. The hotel is fab and just oozes with style and comfort, a smallish hotel with a very personal service. The executive rooms are large and have great fabrics, woods and large panoramic windows, have previously stayed in a suite on the top floor with a large terrace, it was great.The executive lounge is very small and gets quite smokey.The restaurants aregood and service with a smile was beyond expectations.Had a few problems during the stay, but a terrific response to get it right by all staff, and communication from the GM was prompt, articluate, with a genuine and positive can do attitude, until it was sorted.Have absolutley no hesitations in staying there again. As a Hilton HHonors Diamond member expect a high service function, but the service attitude here flows to all guests. (PB)	
May 24 2006	Massive Shower	The Exec rooms are fantastic with, as I said, an enormous shower in the ensuite. Dissapointingly though, the Exec Lounge is tiny and cannot accommodate everyone. The rule of thumb appeared to be that Diamond VIP's get priority over Gold. Good restaurants and good cocktail bar, but pricey. Try the Italian ( Cucinas ? ) in the Marriott Hotel which is also superb.	
May 1 2006	Great stopover hotel	Two superb days stay. Dubai is not a place for wandering and exploring. The City Centre is dull and, to women, threatening. The beach resorts - Jumeirah etc - could be anywhere in the World. But the hotel is great for a couple of days. We checked in after midnight and got a Panoramic Room - with two walls of glass with a great view - and the predicted comfortable bed. The rooftop pool and bar area is fabulous - for a relaxing day in the sunshine, with superb views across the City to the West with Burj al Arab in the haze/dust 10 or so miles away (see photo). The cocktail bar off the lobby serves mountainous margheritas. But best fo all was the Gordon Ramsay Resyaurant - Verre. Efficient but not oleaginous service. Excellent food, very well presented. One of the best meals we have had.	
Apr 21 2006	Beautiful - Well located - Great Staff	We stayed four nighrs in an &quot;Executive Suite&quot; which included breakfast and free airport transportation. We were picked up with a chauffered car at the airport.The hotel looks brand new. It is not in a construction area (All of Jumeriah Beach is a mass construction site).We loved the hotel and staff! The rooms are huge, moden and have giant windows.	
Apr 19 2006	Modern hotel / city location	Very modern and stylish hotel. The pool area is small - on the rooftop and the pool is not really large enough for swimming laps. I'm a gold member and was redeeming points for a free stay. I was told to check in at the executive lounge - unfortunately no room upgrade was available and I was advised that the executive lounge was not open to gold members, only to executive floor guests (the lounge is very small). My wife was offered a free 30 min. massage as compensation - which she thoroughly enjoyed. The hotel staff was incredibly helpful and courteous.This is clearly a business hotel and location - suggest that you stay along the beach if you are in town as a tourist - Madinat Souk is a very nice outdoor mall designed in Arabic style with many restaurants for dinner - not much shopping though - for shopping go to the Emirates Mall which is only a 5 minute cab ride away.	
Apr 1 2006	Do try Dubai Hilton	Three nights at the Hilton wasn't enough. We could have stayed there forever. The room was large, with a comfortable, Queen sized bed, stylish bathroom and great views of the Creek &amp; the Etislat building. The printer seemed to take pride of place on the desk, which gave the room a rather businesslike feel, rather than one for a holiday. The front desk staff were helpful, polite if somewhat unfriendly. The breakfast room was bright, with a good selection of food on offer. It was a buffet style, so you could have as much as you liked. I throughly recommend the porridge. The hotel's trump card is the rooftop swimming pool. It is not huge, but ideal for a dip, in between sunbathing sessions. It is also a great vantage point for views of Dubai's skyline. The only real downside is that you have to pay to use the Internet. Which is surprising, as it was free at Dubai's Golden Sands apartments. As my laptop is Wi-fi, I managed to pick up a number of signals from the surrounding area.All in all it is a great hotel with fine facilities. Just a shame that it has the feeling of a hotel for business people rather than one for people on holiday.	
Feb 17 2006	Amazing!	Just returned from a 4 night break staying at the Hilton Dubai Creek. An amazing hotel. We stayed in an executive room which was huge with fantastic views over the creek. Made good use of the facilities in the executive lounge.The staff were excellent, very friendly and always polite. It was our first visit to Dubai and we loved it can't wait to go back.	
Feb 12 2006	Nice hotel	We were in Dubai on holiday between the end of January 2006 and early February 2006. The staff were very courteous. We had requested 2 non-smoking rooms but were allocated smoking rooms which we did not like. However we had no problem changing these (2 rooms). The rooms are large but a bit on the dark side. It was noisy at night-from the building work outside which is no fault of the hotel. All staff were very polite and helpful. Only 2 lifts proved tricky especially during busy hours.Very handy for shopping. Good shuttle bus to Hilton Jumeirah Beach.Overall a good experience!	
Feb 8 2006	Fantastic Hotel	What a brilliant hotel. From the overly attentive management and staff to the rooms, food and views.Get creek / ocean facing room on the corner and you will not be dissapointed.The hotel I believe is one of Hiltons Lifestyle / Boutique range and it shows. It gets tiring walking into the room of business hotel and you are confronted with bed, desk, bathroom. In the room I had this was not the case. There are mixed materials from timber to marble and glass walls. Very much a wow factor.Writing this review 2 years late but if nothing has changed you are in for a pleasant surprise.	
Feb 8 2006	Pefect hotel!!! Never wanted to leave!!!	stay at this hotel its faultless!!!!We arrived at the hotel around 10:30. Before passport control someone had a borad with our names. they intoduced themselves then said someone would be waiting on the otherisde. when we got thorugh passport contorl another representative was waiting by the baggage area. We got our bags and he took us through to the front of arrivals. We waited until 5 mins later the chueffeur was waiting outside. A great start to a great hotel.We booked to stay on the excutive plus level which i beleive is the top 3 floors. We checked in at the executive lounge. From the second we arrived it was smiles and a high standard of service. There was 3 of us girls (all early 20's) sharing a room . My only fault was that it had a king size bed and they had just put a little single bed in there. I took the short straw. After checking in we went to our rooms.the lady explained that we have happy hour in the executive loung from 5-8 which we used on the sunday. It had most branded spirts and internet access. It also had nibbles (houmous and pitta, mini hamburgers, chicken kebabs etc). I found these bits very filling and made the most of it !!! The rooms were large and spacious. We had room 912.It had a cd player, english plugs, dvd and tv as well as 3 lamps acroos the room. The room had panaramic views meaning windows across two sides of the room. Request this room its the best. The room next door only had one side of panaramic views. The bathroom was large. It had a jacuzzi bath with was relaxing and a great treat! The shower was large and space just perfect. A waiter come to double check things were ok which was a nice touch.Breakfast in the glasshouse downstairs was faultless. They serve plenty of cereal and fresh fruit as well as being able to order full breakfast which is much better than a buffet. I had a full english which was made with heinz beanz (some places palm you off with fakes!)!!! They are very effient and the manager evens welcomes you personally. I only saw one child while staying at the hotel. It does have business visitors on a daily basis and they also stay but also a few tourists. Although the hotel was full we never saw loads of people anywhere! It mainly older people that stay here. Not one person below 30 but that suits us women fine as we are very sensible and polite with manners!The rooftop pool is fine.There was always a sun lounger available even though there are only around 40 . Its well enough as most are here on business. The views are breath taking and really set the scene. We sunbathed everyday. The pool man would always offer drinking and move our loungers in the direction of the sun. The bar was at the back area and you can also eat on the rooftop.A shuttle bus runs to the jumeriah hilton 3 times a day but I dont feel theres a need to go there.The service in this hotel is so personal its unbeleivable. They treat you like family and no one is above anyone.The hotel is close to the al karma market where the fake bags are and on the same road as the gold souk. Also the burjuman and diera city mall are very close by. Its very cheap to get around any ways taxi's are dirt cheap.We had cocktails at issimo which I must recommend. I had a mai tai and they do a lovely coktail called ms collins! Dinner at the verre restruant is recommended especially if you are staying here. we chose not to have starters but they bring our bread type sticks with lovely dipping suacing. The service in this place is second to none. They are so attentive and friendly its a joke! For main course I had - caistaing duck brest with five spice turnips, caramelised chestnuts, baby onions and madeira . It was medium rare and ver tastful. The duck brest was exquisite and ive never tasted anything like it. The added extras on the dish made it faultless.My friend had the seabass which she throughly enjoyed.For desert I had the chocolate founde. BVefore that they brouhg out a strawberry sorbet in a kind of shot glass. it has rasberry sauce at the bottom, fresh yogurt in the middle and tsraberry sorbet on top. It was an unexpected touch that made the whole experiance ever more worth while. All in all it was 500 dirhams which is nothing for two mains and a desert in a gordan ramsey restraunt. they extended our checkout to 4pm as we had a late flight. we used the gym to change and it had all the facilities.All in all this hotel gets my vote and I would return there in an instant. the staff are amaing and I cant wait to go back. any questions pls ask!!! ps - i will add pics soon	
Feb 8 2006	Perfect city centre hotel	An excellent hotel, situated right on the creek side, overlooking the dhow wharfage.Everything was impeccible, from check-in to room service (excellent value) and the limo transfer to the airport.Book an Executive room and you get free drinks (including alcoholic drinks between 6 and 8pm) as well as afternoon tea and canapes pre dinner.We have nothing but praise for the hotel, we stayed there for our honeymoon and the bed and jacuzzi were decorated with rose petals, and we received a bowl of fruit and congratulations card.The staff were wonderful too, quietly courteous and very efficient.Food was of a very high standard in The Glasshouse restaurant and room service offered very good value for money.	
Jan 31 2006	Impeccably run hotel	We stayed here for a couple of nights whilst on route back to the UK from Thailand. If the quality of this hotel is anything to go by I have no idea how Hilton are going to top it with the Conrad they are planning to build here. The Hotel only gets 4 stars, although it is hard to see how this doesn’t get 5. The hotel was full because of the shopping festival and so we weren’t able to get the usual Diamond upgrade to an executive room. The ‘standard’ room however was far from disappointing. The hotel is furnished to an extremely high quality and the rooms are very tastefully designed. The room was spacious and had some great views of the business district. The overall theme is modern and slightly minimalist / futuristic. Black marble and polished aluminium adorn all parts of the hotel giving the hotel a slightly menacing mood at times. If sumptuous luxury and colourful décor appeal then this hotel is probably not right for you.The service was impeccable and it’s clear that the hotel take customer satisfaction very seriously. I would say professional and efficient rather than the traditional ‘service with a smile’ like you get at home. Any complaints or problems are taken very seriously and immediately escalated. This hotel means business. The Glasshouse served some wonderful lunches and breakfasts, we were particularly impressed with the vegetarian Lasagne. Verre was a little disappointing (Gordon Ramsey), some of the food was way too salty (e.g. Scallops) and quite over-priced. It would have been nice to see more local ingredients / inspired dishes to choose from. Excellent food but didn’t quite live up to our expectations. The rooftop pool is quite small but boasts some great vies of the city, especially at night. The party shower in our room was huge and a nice touch. Unfortunately the executive lounge is only available to those guests actually staying in executive rooms and not those with Diamond cards. However the management did allow us to use the Internet facilities there for free which they didn’t have to do. Location is not great if you are visiting Dubai for pleasure, but a constant supply of Taxi’s will ensure you get to your destination on time and for a reasonable price. There is also a free transfer to the beach. Personally I would rather stay here than at the beach Hilton which is slap bang in the middle of the worlds largest building sit	
Jan 8 2006 	Convenient for Airport	I stayed at the hotel during the Eid holiday in January 2006 which also coincided with a period of mourning following the death of the late Ruler of Dubai. For one or other of these reasons the sale of alcohol in the bar was curbed, and Verre (Gordan Ramsey's restaurant) was closed as well so I did not get a chance to sample all the facilities.I arrived early in the morning. The room had been booked by my wife to get hhonors points on her card but this caused a problem with check-in staff who told me she could not have them as she was not with me. (It is her one perk of having a travelling husband and had not caused a problem in the past at other Hilton hotels.) I suggested that they gave me my own hhonors card number which they duly did. But I was put out, after a tiring flight, by their pedantic attitude. The staff may well have been right about the hhonors 'rules' but their attitude was not sympathetic. I was shown up to the room straightaway without having to wait.The room was nicely presented in glass and blond wood with plenty of towels. The shower was spacious with a good jet. The hand-basin is set too far in on the vanity unit meaning a stretch to wash hands. The bed and pillows were comfortable. I had lunch at the Glasshouse. The mushroom soup had real mushrooms but the fishcake was overly salty with a weak nondescript sauce at the base. The mint tea came in a large pot with a non-leaky spout.A request for water produced a 75cl bottle of Hildon which I took to my room so as not to waste - a glass of ordinary water would have been sufficient as I was by myself. Bringing a big bottle without being asked to do so indicated a lack of thoughtfulness. The internet connection in the room worked perfectly. The printer did not. I couldn't print from my laptop. Likewise the tv did not work. No doubt all these things could have been easily fixed but when you check-in you expect the room to be ready and the equipment operational rather than wasting time on calls to 'maintenance'. I tried Issimo in the evening but got a long story about how the sandwiches had to come from room service and would take 20 minutes. I took this as a hint I should order room service which I did. The order-taker asked me how well the tuna should be cooked. I was perplexed and said 'medium'. The tuna sandwich came with a pot of Tiptree's English mustard which surprised me. The room service tray was taken away promptly. I did not try the health club or swimming pool. The glass, chrome and dark fittings of the hotel did not appeal to me. I found they created a soulless atmosphere. As a business traveller I found the hotel met most but not all of my needs. If I had been a leisure visitor I would probably have felt better satisfied. The hotel is reasonable value and compares well with other similarly-priced hotels in Dubai. It is also convenient for the airport.	
Jan 7 2006	Fantastic	I can’t fault this hotel at all. We had looked at a lot of different city hotels in Dubai and chose this one because we thought that it was reasonably priced in comparison to its rivals. We decided to opt for an executive room for our 4 nights in December, as the price difference was worth it for the breakfast alone. From the minute to we met the chauffeur at the airport everything was superb. The executive lounge was brilliant – perhaps a little small, but the convenience of the refreshments, internet access and dedicated staff was very good. Our double room on the 14th floor was spotless and very spacious. The bathroom was beautifully designed and was also a generous size.We had breakfast in the glasshouse, every morning it was fantastic with an extensive menu of cooked options as well as the enormous buffet. We didn’t get the opportunity to try dinner at the glasshouse, but I would thoroughly recommend dining in Gordon Ramsay’s Verre. Everything about it was superb, the food, staff and service alike. The added bonus was that it was reasonably priced when compared to London prices - £150 per couple including good wine.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, it was fantastic and we felt that it offered great value for money for the standard that it provided.	
Dec 13 2005	Awesome!	I stayed here two nights with my fiance. Words cannot describe how awsom this hotel is. The rooms are a work of art and the hotel itself is an architectural statement. Everything about this hotel including the service is *****!	
Nov 28 2005 	great staff great location!	I stayed in this hotel for business, and enjoyed the fact that it's a smaller hotel, but with all the service and amenities you'd expect from a big chain. It's not really near anything, but convenient to everything--the airport, shopping, restaurants, souks, etc. Staff went out of their way to be courteous, and even called me by name. My minor complaint is that it would be nice to have a coffee bar or a place for a quick bite/take out, but maybe that's just because I'm American.Rooms are huge, great views, ultra-modern, very quiet. Would stay there again without hesitation.	
Nov 12 2005 	Perfect!	I have taken in consideration the excellent reviews on this website when I booked a room in this hotel and was really impressed. Very classy, quiet, friendly with very nice views over the creek. I would recommand it to anyone who is planning to visit Dubai. Many thanks to all the staff at the hotel who made our holiday a fantastic one, and to all reviewers who recommanded this hotel on this website!	
Oct 24 2005	Lovely view	We stayed in the Hilton Dubai Creek for four nights towards the end of our Honeymoon. The hotel is very impressive and unbelievably clean. We had a lovely room with a fantastic view of the city. However the bathroom is very dark with all the black marble. We arrived at the hotel at 7 in the morning after an all night flight. Check in is supposed to be in the afternoon sometime but luckily for us we were shown to our room after about 20 minutes.Food was nice but on more than one occasion the service at breakfast left a lot to be desired. Staff very slow to remove dirty dishes and to take orders for hot food. We also tried the room service, food was amazing and arrived very promptly however it took two phonecalls and over 3 hours for them to return to remove the tray.Overall we enjoyed our stay in Hilton but wouldn't recommend it as part of your honeymoon. We had stayed in Legends in Mauritius were you got some nice romantic touches in your room to set the mood for the honeymoon. We had read that Hilton cover your bed in rose petals etc but we have to say there was no romantic touches in our room for the duration of our stay.	
Oct 17 2005	Loved this hotel	We stayed in the hilton for 4 days from the 12th Oct. This hotel is a MUST. The room was lovely with amazing views of the creek, and a wonderful sunken jacuzzi in the bathroom, the bed was huge and the room was very well equipped. Lovely toilteries too! The staff were extremely attentive and couldn't do enough for us. The food was incredble - we dined in both Verre &amp; Glasshouse. Verre was truly delicious and one of the best meals I've ever had - portions were good &amp; the wine list extensive. Glasshouse is less formal but a lovely restaurant serving good food if you want something a little less 'wow' than the Gordon Ramsay Verre.The roof top pool has great views and they serve lovely food as well, although if you don't get there early you may struggle to get a spot! All in all a fab hotel, and one I would return to tomorrow.	
Oct 6 2005 	Great place great rooms but.......	I stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel for the biggest exhibtion in the region, GITEX. I know and like the area where it is situated, as you can walk about the dhow wharfage. Although whilst I was there, the road was subject to extensive repair and crossing it was life threatening.The hotel, is without doubt, a high class hotel, for high class clients. The two restuarants offering (standard) high class food (especially Gordan Ramsey's) and the bar very sassy!But, if you want to 'slob' out a bit, watch the big match taking place in Europe-no chance. You can (and I did) walk over to the Sheraton (my prefered hotel in Dubai). Htey have a great variety of restuarants; Indian, Japanese, Italian and the English pub!The roof-top pool is small but adequate, having great views over the creek and city.The rooms are large, clean, well equiped and the bed is very comfortable.Yes I would stay again, but with my wife-not for business. Stay at the Sheraton if you need variation in cuisine.	
Sep 28 2005	This hotel is the business - quite literally!	Having spent four nights at the Hilton Dubai Creek (Sept 12-16) 2005 I can only say that the experience was very very refreshing. Having come from a family wedding in Karachi, Pakistan, my family decided to visit Dubai on the way back to refresh and replenish and also to find out what all the hype was about regarding Dubai having been there 10 years ago when things were much different.We chose to be picked up from the airport at 11pm when our flight landed by the hotel limousine which in this case turned out to be a Toyota people carrier - albeit a very comfortable one. The very courteous driver immediately offered us plastic containers of ice cold mineral water which was a very thoughtful touch as it was 30 degrees at that time of night. Day temperatures reached 49 degrees. The cost of this transportation is 50 dhirams each way which is about 9 pounds, how ever it should be noted that a taxi would probably charge 10 dhirams (around £2.50)On arrival the receptionist could not find a deluxe plus room that we had booked so upgraded us to an executive room which was very very nice. We had panoramic views of the Creek and the business district, this looks amazing both in the day and at night. The bathroom is awesome, our had a sunken jacuzzi bath and a separate large walk in shower. It all done in black marble with lots of mirrors giving a feeling of openess. Next to the jacuzzi was a clay pot with a candle in it which was lit every evening whilst were out and our beds were turned down, this was all part of the turn down service.The Glass House Restaurant and Gordon Ramsay's Vere seemed a bit pricey and I couldn’t see the point as I could always eat in Gordon's London restaurants for the same price so didn’t chose to eat there, but give it a go!Breakfast which was included in our tariff was excellent in the Glass House restaurant, the waiters are very attentive. There is a buffet of cold salamis, breads and so on, in addition you can choose from the hot menu e.g. fried eggs, bacon (surprising for a muslim country - but they cater for all) etc.In all I was very pleased with my choice of hotel in Dubai, I am glad I did not stay by the beach. I visited the Hilton Jumeirah Beach Hotel which seems excellent except for the massive amount of building work that is going on right on top of the hotel with huge skyscrapers being erected as part of the &quot;Jumeirah Residence&quot; development, the cranes being used in this work are massive and plentiful!Hilton Dubai Creek - EXCELLENT !!!!!!	
Sep 22 2005	Great Rooms and Staff a few niggles	I stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek in September 2005. We had booked a standard room on the 4th floor, but the room was fantastic. The shower was enormous and the bathroom in general was amazing! The staff are extremely friendly and you are made to feel unbelievably welcome. A few niggles; there is a lot of construction work around the hotel and creek which makes it hard to walk around anywhere. Its pretty near impossible to do somethng as simple as cross the road to the creek, not because of the traffic but because there is nowhere to cross it! We did hear noise from the construction work at 3am every morning. There are only 2 lifts in the hotel and we found we spent a lot of time waiting for these to arrive, not helped by the fact that after numerous searches, we couldn't find any stairs, only what appeared to by fire escape stairs! The hotel is also quite dark, both the room and the lobby. The rooftop pool is lovely but can be quite hard to get a sun bed as there are only about 15 of them. I would recommend getting the free bus to the Hilton Jumeirah Beach if you want to do any major sunbathing. Also, I would highly recommend a camel safari in the desert. Great fun!	
Sep 5 2005	Fantastic	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We had told them it was our honeymoon and they upgraded us to a huge room on the top floor with a balcony overlooking the Dubai Creek. Rose petals had been scattered round the room which was a nice touch. We had dinner on our private balcony overlooking the Creek, very romantic. The room itself was huge and a bath big enough for a rugby team, TV, DVD player and stereo.The glasshouse restaurant was fabulous too, we had a great meal there.Only slight disappointment was the small roof top pool, which was overcrowded and we couldn't get a space around it.But overall, it was brilliant!!	
Aug 22 2005 	modern hotel but with dancing !	I have been in this hotel in 2002 and did not return because of the noise coming from the disco/dancing. Secondly the lack of the staff to listen to the &quot;normal&quot; guests whatever you ask, it was too much. If you need to be in the Dubai World Trade Center the location is not ideal, the positive is the very nice but small rooftop pool. The rooms are nice and well equipped.	
Aug 8 2005	Excellent Holiday at Hilton Creek	Myself and my Wife spent a lovely 10 days at the Hilton Creek, and found it to be an excellent choice of Hotel.Firstly, we found the best rate was directly via their website. The main strengths of this Hotel I would suggest as follows:a) Great location, very near City Centre Mall, which has some great shopping and also Cinemas, Bowling etc nice for kids (and Adults) to get out of the blistering heat for a couple of hours.b) Very friendly staffc)For Beach-lovers it offers a free shuttlebus to the Hilton Beach Resort in Dubaid) Spacious rooms that has many Satelite channels including Sky News, CNN.We previously stayed at the World Trade Centre Hotel in Dubai, but found the Hilton to be superior. Hope this helps. The only slight fault is that pool (on the roof) is a little smaller than you would expect, but still was adequate .	
Aug 8 2005	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel at the beginning of our honeymoon. Had a wondeful time. Upgraded to a panoramic jacuzzi room, fabulous views of the creek during the day and at night. Roof top pool was excellent and was not that busy. Dinner at Verre was out of this world and very memorable. The martini bar was very good too. The staff were extremely helpful, polite and very professional. Facilities at the hotel are excellent and I would certainly stay there again. There was a bit of building work next to the hotel but nothing like what we saw or experienced at Jumeria beach-constant building noise and work. A high standard hotel with excellent service and facilities.	
Jul 12 2005	Great place to stay on way home from Australia	I stayed in this hotel on the way home to the UK from Australia as part of my honeymoon.We stayed on the executive floor and as a perk of this we got complimentary transport in a chauffuer driven Mercedes to the hotel and back to the airport at the end of our 3 nights. Upon arrival we got taken to the executive floor and checked in the executive lounge. The room did cost a bit extra but was worth the money!!! We had a corner room that had floor to walk windows looking out over the river and towards the beach - although to far to see it!!! We arrived in Dubai at 7am and because the hotel knew we were arriving, they had saved us a room to allow us to check in at such an early time - at no extra cost.The staff were very accommodating and would do anything to help. The pool on the roof is also amazing.Another perk of staying on the executive fllor is the use of the exec lounge all day. During the day you get complimentary sandwiches and cakes and between 6-8pm compliemntary drinks. Basically you help yourself to beers, wines or spirits. Get there early though to make sure you get a seat!!!On our second night when we returned to our room, the house keeper had decorated our room with petals and lit candels around the bath. Very romantic and I got a few bonus points from the wife!!!Would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you didn't want to stay by the beach that is a bit of a constuction site at the moment.	
Jun 3 2005	High Class Hilton	I stayed at the Hilton 3 nights ago for the second time, both occasions with friends on a stag party. The hotel is excellently located to shop, restaurants and night life.I particulary like the rooms, a deluxe plus room is the one to have. I just love contempary style rooms, bathroom dressed in black marble and chrome with a lovely jacuzzi overlooking the creek.Not so sure if it is hotel for families, maybe for couples but definatley for friends/singles, as it is not so romantic as most and is lively on Thursdays with a disco nite.The staff are impecable, my room was cleaned over twice, the bed turned over, candle in the bathroom lit, superb.The swimming pool on the rooftop is excellent, a daily meeting place morning, afternoon and evening.I have stayed in dubai twice and both at Hilton, however when I get married next year maybe look for somewhere a bit more romantic and traditional.Still a top class Hotel!!	
Jun 2 2005	5 STAR ++	Stayed here from 27th May-30th May, Absolutely out of this world!We were made to feel welcome as soon as we arrived outside in the taxi-staff were excellentThe hotel certainly has the 'wow' factor &amp; as we stepped into our room I was immediately taken back with the fantastic view over the creek from the floor to ceiling glass windowsThe bathroom was even better! A huge bath, with a votive candle had even been lit for us, a massive walk-in shower &amp; mirrors, glass, chrome &amp; black marble everywhere! There was even a duck (yeah, ok, plastic)Every day after sight-seeing, shopping etc, we would head up to the roof pool for a swim &amp; some relaxation - again, no complaints here. Make sure you take your camaraEven on our last day, check-out was at 12.00, usually the Hotels don't want to know after check-out but not at this hotel-We made the most of our last day in Dubai whilst the Hotel looked after our luggage &amp; then we headed back to the hotel around 4.00 pm &amp; we were able to use the pool &amp; then shower/change in privacy &amp; comfort in the GYM facilities.We also booked the restaurant for our final meal in the 'glasshouse' - Probably one of the most best steaks I've ever had! The service, once again, superb. Plus, if you dine on a Monday night, you can have house wine/spirits as long as you are still eating, for 1 dirham (around 15p)All in all, one of the best breaks I've ever had, &amp; as for the Hotel, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone, &amp; hopefully, one day, when returning to Dubai, will definately stay here!Feel free to contact me for any info you may need	
May 3 2005	Terrible Noise Problems	This visually pleasing hotel markets itself as a contemporary business hotel, but a warning to anyone who requires peace and quiet after a hard day's slog in this frantic city - avoid the Hilton Dubai Creek like the plague. Two stays have been ruined by terrible noise levels emanating from a disco on the mezzanine level. It booms through the bedrooms and sleep is impossible until the music stops around 3am. On the first occasion, a Thursday night, I was told this was a regular party night, the staff were unresponsive to my pleas to end the disturbance and refused to change my room, principally it seems because every room in the hotel is affected. Be warned, the hotel structure cannot smother noise and music from the mezzanine floor. On another stay, this time a Tuesday, the same thing happened to myself and colleagues but was made even worse by a party outside the bedrooms which again went on until 3am. As a result of which our sleep was destroyed and business trips ruined. Fortunately my company has removed this hotel from its approved global hotels list. It is unacceptable that a hotel is allowed to treat its guests in this way and that no amount of discussion with staff or the Duty Manager has any effect. The Hilton Group should be ashamed of this establishment.	
Mar 22 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Great Hotel - would go back tommorow!Rooms are stunning and very clean. Great service, great food, can't fault it.	
Feb 27 2005	great rooms great view		
Feb 18 2005	Honeymoon hotel		
Feb 12 2005	Fantastic Hotel - BUT don't stay Thursdays!		
Jan 26 2005	top quality hotel		
Jan 21 2005	Very nice "boutiquey" Hilton		
Nov 27 2004	Not as good as it was		
Nov 18 2004	Great stop over hotel.		
Oct 23 2004	Stop over paradise		
Oct 20 2004	Classy and Contemporary		
Jul 20 2004	What a design		
Nov 16 2009 	Très agréable en bord de mer		
Nov 10 2009 	?????????????????		
Oct 28 2009 	Un buon hotel..		
Oct 27 2009 	trendy		
Sep 24 2009 	Semplicemente perfetto		
Jul 8 2009 	Klein und fein		
Jun 6 2009 	tolles Hotel zum Superpreis		
Apr 27 2009 	Ottima struttura		
Apr 3 2009	Sensationeller Panoramablick in TOP - Hotel		
Mar 28 2009 	?????????????????????good?		
Apr 11 2008 	Peut-on faire mieux ?		
Mar 25 2008	ottime camere e ottimo ristorante		
Jan 10 2008 	super		
Nov 14 2007 	bellissimo hilton creek		
Oct 10 2007 	super hotel		
