Feb 28 2009 	No service no 4 stars hotel at all	Three weeks ago I asked for availability of one room at AL JAWHARA GARDENS, they told me it was fine, 3 nights there in executive room. What happened? when I arrived in Dubai at 1am in the night the shuttle brought me to AL JAWHARA METRO (avoid it!!!). I told them there was a mistake but they replied there were no rooms available at Al Jawhara Gardens, and that my reservation was made in Al Jawhara Metro. Result? Air conditioning was so loud I thought I still was in the plane on my flight, dirty and dusty rooms and bathrooms; in the morning I asked for a taxi but nobody cared and waited for 1 hour. Avoid it absolutely, you may run the same risk as me.	
May 23 2008 	Def. not a 4*	we had a few problems with this hotel- and these problems make that relaxing holiday a stressful one!transfers did not arrive, we even phoned fromt he airport, they kept saying the he was in arrivals, but checked many times (also it is difficult to miss someone dressed in bright blue). So that was complete lie, as i guess it costs them to get someone out there.on arrivals the staff, had the phone call and knew we were on our way, but check in- took an hour at the hotel. (the room was not tidy or ready).the staff were really unhelpful -asked about certain tours etc, they refused to help and look busy. They asked us to speak to the concierge every day.(every morning we waited for him at 9am!)The concierge was never there!! only got to saw him on the last day.Then he would not stop buggin us to get on the tours.staff refused to get taxis for u. Breakfast was ok. Room size was ok- bed was really UNCOMFORTABLE.Bath/shower was not the 4* standard u expect.The only plus point is that IT IS NEAR THE CITY CENTRE, WHERE U CAN ARRANGE TOURS .etc. Other wise the location is not great, taxis refuse to go there.well i have been to dubai many time, maybe the expectations are the same each time; but im starting to see a decline in the quality of service provided. But the places i would recommend are shei.Zayed road.jumeirah. and creek.this hotel is overall a 3*.	
Mar 8 2008 	Perfect for transit stop	We stayed here just one night as a stop-over between Paris and Melbourne. It is a 5min taxi ride to airport. Room very clean with lovely decor. Bathroom absolutely spotless and spacious with big fluffy towels, great hot water pressure, good amenities. Couldnt complain for a quick stopover. Breakfast was included in our rate. Although there was a good selection of cereals, bakery items and fruit, all of the &quot;hot&quot; food was stone cold as the burners underneath the trays had long gone out. It was also the first buffet breakfast Ive been to that has hard boiled eggs (in their shells) with no other egg variations and there were no sausages or bacon or tomatoes but instead crumbed chicken fillets and chicken nuggets which didnt look very appetising at that hour of the monring. Not that it mattered as they were cold anyway! So, a good, clean, well-located hotel but hopefully the breakfst situation will improve!!	
Jan 10 2008 	Very good 4*	We stayed at this hotel for 3nights. Staff were very pleasant and cuteous. Went out of their way to assist with anything we asked.Rooms are large and spacious and modern. Clean linen and fresh towes daily. Tea/coffee making facilities in rooms.well stocked Mini-bar. Hotel does not serve/keep liquor on site.Bathrooms were clean and well kept. Amenities a little sparse but housekeeping willingly supply more if requested.Did not eat in the restaurants but room service was good.Small downside is taxis are very hard to come by. My suggestion is if you know where you are going and when, arrange for a taxi beforehand.(private taxis are more expensive-try and get government taxi)Location is very good. City Center Mall less than 5mins walk away with shops and restaurants.	
Nov 16 2007	They Were Useless.....	We wanted to go to dubai for a while now as we loved it the 1sy time we went, however the hotel we were offered was absouletly rubbish! 1st the transfers never turned we then had to fork out for a taxi, which they never refunded, we then tried booking day trips out but the excursion chap was never there to provide information. the consigee were rubbish never knew wat to say or do. the only good thing was that we were close to the city centre so we went to the tourist information and sorted it all out there who delightful and really pleasant. Thank fully we did salvaged our holiday otherwise we probably would have not seen any of the tourist sights.	
Mar 15 2007	lovely friendly hotel	Stayed at Al-Jawhara by chance after a hotel rep at Dubai Airport recommended it; we were very lucky.Lovely 4 star hotel, staff very friendly and ready to help with arranging sightsseeing tours even at 1-2 hours notice.Great location, can walk to a central shopping mall (5-10minutes) which has supermarket, great cafes, chemists, cashpoint, travel exchange etc.Also from mall can catch local bus tours or ask about other sightseeing facilitiesWould definitely recommend this hotel especially to families.Food at hotel a little expensive but there are numerous cafes, restaurants within walking distanceHotel 5-10 minutes drive from airport.	
