	Cheaper better options close by -would not recommend.	Good points - free internet and location handy for business in Media CityNegatives - Room is very small and feels pokey, decor is very 70s will faux leather, scratched MDF furtniture and looking a past its sell by date. Expect the same as a Uk motorway IBIS near Watford gap. Nearby hotels offering rooms 40% cheaper on www.dubai-bookings.com	
Nov 14 2009 	My Favorite Hotel in Dubai	I often travel to Dubai on business trips. I have had a chance to stay in many hotels in the Marina and Jumeira side and I must say Radisson Blu in the Media City has been one of my favorites as a business traveler. The service is prompt and friendly, that is what you need on a business trip, things need to happen fast and they do. I also had one of the best Iftars (breaking fast) at the hotel last Ramadan. Definitely recommended! However, on certain occasions I found the bathrooms in the Standard room to have a drainage problem, I hope they would correct this ASAP as it was quite troublesome during my last stay! I would take that as an exception and forgive them for it this time!	
Nov 6 2009 	Suitable for business traveleres	very good for business traveleres. its location is realtively close to mall of emirates yet far from the rest such as dubai mall...its meant for business trips rather than leisure	
Oct 28 2009 	Very good hotel for business travelers	Very good hotel if you are in Dubai for business. Extremely helpful staff and an excellent business center that I used for a series of on-site &quot;informal&quot; meetings. Free of charge broadband Internet, non-smoking pleasant room and a comfy bed. In-room dining due to my very late arrival was prompt and the dishes were very good. I will definetely stay there again on my next business trip due to the proximity to my client, the facilities for business travellers and the smiley helpful staff and service. Nevertheless, there is room for improvement and I am listing some minor findings. Breakfast is good but could definetely get better (e.g. increase cheese variety, more frequent fill-up, extend serving after 10:00 that buffet is abruptley closed etc). Hot dishes should not be so over-cooked. Air-conditioning output facade in room was dirty with black mud stains which was spoiling the overall very good atmosphere, making you feeling worried about filtering conditions. Low pressure fixed shower head, while in similar rated hotels a half-size bath-tub or a hydro-jet column is considered standard.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good Customer Service	I stayed there on a business trip for 4 days. It was comfortable &amp; convenient. We enjoyed good customer service &amp; other facilities like Wifi, Telephone, parking service, etc	
May 6 2009 	Friendliest Staff I've Ever Met!	I stayed at this hotel for a week. I chose it because it was closest to my company's location in Internet City. I liked that it was not an enormous hotel. The staff was so friendly and polite. The breakfast was delicious. I had an executive class room, which was an excellent deal because breakfast was included, as well as afternoon appetizers and a happy hour with good food every evening (and it was different every day, which was great since I was there for a week). I did try the Italian Restaurant (Certo) one evening but I didn't find it to be that great. The fitness center is adequate. I was usually the only person in there. The rooms were very nice--the only complaint is that the lighting was not strong enough. I never heard any noise from any other rooms. The rooms were spotless. The rooftop bar was very nice, with great views, and is a very popular place for non-hotel guests to gather after work. I would definitely stay here again if I were doing business in Internet or Media City.	
Apr 16 2009 	Perfect hotel recommend it	all things fine here service, staff, resturent and all.	
Mar 28 2009 	Quite good clean and friendly!	I found the Radisson to be a very enjoyable stay! The hotel had only just opened when i stayed, so the whole hotel was very clean and modern, the staff was helpful and friendly and i found all the restaurants to be quite good! A taxi ride to the marina or shopping, but good location for my company's office. Felt area was safe and clean too, walking distance to other restaurants and overall a nice stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	What you expect from a Radisson.	Not a good location for a beach holiday, but fine for business in Media or Internet City.Room was fairly standard sized and clean, nice shower in bathroom.I didn't sample in hotel restaurants, but seemed to be fairly popular with non residents arriving to eat.Spa looked good but I didn't use it. Hotel has 2 small pools, great for a business trip, but wouldn't recommend as a holiday hotel.Taxis are plentiful and cheap so I used these to get around. Taxi to Burj Dubai Tower was around £10, Dubai Marina around £3. Mall of the Emirates is close too.Free wireless internet was a bonus as looked fairly expensive in other Dubai hotels.	
Mar 3 2009 	Nice business hotel	Our Dubai office moved from Downtown to Jumeirah Media City. SAS Radisson is the next convienient hotel for business traveller. Professional and very friendly check-in. Enjoyed business rooms with inside and outdoor lounge. Due to ecomonic slowdown, air becomes better in Dubai, less construction, less cars. Internet is free, so no hidden business costs.Live Music events were going on, although it was no Jazz but old fashioned Rock music it did not bother. The hotel has two towers. I stayed in the one with the main entrance and there was absolutely no problem with the terrace bar. I did never experience any noise . The terrace is a beautiful spot to relax and music is accordingly.Staff is friendly but not at an equal level. As everywhere, Asian staff is outstanding. The other staff should take their behavior as best practice.	
Feb 26 2009 	Posh and Expensive	Like all Radissons, this is a swish hotel, with lots of quirky and ultra-modern style (though the smart looking vases by the lift windows seemed pretty fake to me - niggly point!).Pretty expensive to be honest and with pretty smiley and helpful staff, I guess you get what you pay for.The free wifi is a benefit and I found it worked pretty well. My big grouse is the cost of food in an area where there just aren't that many restaurants. I'd get a $5 cab and go to the excellent if Disneyesque souk at Madinat for atmosphere and a good range of restaurants (there are 23 I think).Pretty good rainfall shower and room size is nice. Loud music from the jazz festival just next door, so beware of there are any Media events on while you stay there (it IS Media City!).I'm pretty disappointed to have to pay $6 for a KitKat out of the mini-bar. Sometimes though, you just gotta have chocolate. At the time of writing there is no hotel shop...If I was going on vacation, I'd choose a beach hotel as this is nowhere near a beach and you'll need a taxi to go just about anywhere else. It's around $20 to the airport, but watch out for the hotel booked transport, it works out at around $60 - ouch!	
Jan 6 2009 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was perfect. The hotel rooms vere elegant and classy, the bedsheets sooo comfy, the staff helpful, the breakfast delicious, there is really nothing to complain about. And even the walls weren't as thin as they stated before. Yes, surely there is a rooftop bar, and you can hear the music in your room, but they play nice music, and it's really not that loud.The only strange thing was though that they asked for AED 300 as deposit, but then they returned it back safely.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great hotel!	Great hotel! Very new and modern, with the nicest rooms I've seen in a long time in a Radisson hotel. The hotel is located in nice surroundings by a nice park and small cafés. The staff was very helpful and professional. This is not a hotel for large familes, more for businessmen and couples.One of the downsides is that the hotel is not so very sentral to the city centre of Dubai, but still, it's very near Burj Al Arab, Ibm Batutta, Mall of Emirates, The Jumeirah Palm and a some very nice public beaches. 30 min drive to the airport.	
Sep 6 2008 	Nice roof top bar	Stayed here for 1 night after 4 nights at the 4 points sheraton.The hotel is conveniently located in Dubai Media City and close to all major companies in DIC and KV. We booked an executive room with lounge access - the room was good sized and the lounge with complimentary food and beverages is highly recommended.The pool on one of the towers was really nice and temperature controlled. On the other tower they have the roof top terrace - which was really nice, though the &quot;tapas&quot; were not that spanish. :)	
May 14 2008	Decent hote great bar!	Stayed her for 1 week on business, walking distance to many of the corporations in Media City. The rooms are ok. not huge, but not cramped. The hotel restaurant food is average. The best part about the hotel is the outdoor bar on the roof. gorgeous view, usually packed after 9pm. Room was kept clean, staff was polite. No major problems to report I would stay here again on business, but would look to a beach front hotel if i was on Holiday...	
Jan 21 2008 	Mediocre	Thoroughly &quot;okay&quot; hotel but a bit disappointing for Dubai, and disappointing for a Radisson. No accommodation is cheap in Dubai, but at least you get space, service and some kind of sense of occasion with most places. However, the standard rooms here are small!Radisson's free wi-fi shows other hotel chains the way home. However, the connection speed was dreadfully slow, almost un-useable.The hotel layout is odd, boasting two towers (East and West). It turns out I was in the West tower, but check-in did not make this at all clear. The East tower seems to have all the bedrooms, and the West tower (when I finally got there, across a footbridge) seemed to be conference suites and with NO signage for rooms. Eventually in blind faith I went to the 6th floor anyway. There indeed was my room. Not a good start. Put some signs up!Standard rooms are small and whilst the decor seems modern enough the rooms feel pokey and a bit sad. There is a strong vertical theme to the decorations which only accentuates how narrow the room is.Those facilities that I did try were good, including a very pleasant coffee shop (&quot;Media Lounge&quot;) which also does good bar food.Well, all in all, you'd be mad to stay here if you're a holidaymaker so go elsewhere, and if you're working in DMC then there's no alternative. It's OK but over-priced.	
Dec 12 2007 	Nice hotel	This hotel was chosen because our Dubai office was nearby. It's a great hotel with enough luxury to make it a pleasant stay.Only big negative thing I experienced during my stay is;noise of the bar upstairs. I had a room just one floor down.I complained few times and finally they lowered the volume of the music. (at 2AM)Good for me cause I had a very early flight day before and stayed up all day.They booked the Safari tour for me which was really great.	
Nov 19 2007	Not happy at all	I stayed here for several days and for each day there was at least one problem. The hotel is noisy - not just from the ubiquitous Dubai construction, but the street noise and the hallway and guest noise is atrocious. The walls must be paper thin. I could hear the person above me in the bathroom - not pleasant at all - and the rooms on either side were terrible with TV and conversation noise. Plus, the hotel has several terraces with furniture out on them and any time of day - especially between 2am and 6am, you can hear the furniture being dragged around the terrace as it is being rearranged or cleaned. I have stayed in hotels around the world and have never found one so noisy as this. The service was very inconsistent - from housekeeping, to the front desk, to the concierge and even the quality of the food. All that plus problems with my reservation and my bill...!If you work very close to the Radisson, then stay here for the convenience... but if you can stay somewhere else, that is what I recommend.	
Aug 15 2007 	Nice but noisy!	Beautiful hotel complete with all comfort expected from such hotels. Very nice rooms and surrounding. Had a big problem with never ending noise coming from building site right next to hotel..and on a business trip this could be a problem: my room was facing this site - asked reception to change room, which they did after sort of blaming me ! Second room slightly better but still noisy. Would go there again only if i get prior assurance of silence in room !!	
Jul 24 2007 	Comfortable and Convenient	Wasn't expecting a lot...but pleasantly surprised by appointments and quality. Room was very comfortable with well designed bathroom. Hotel food was fine/room service was convenient. Bar gets crowded.Pool is nice, but on the small side with a view of a business park.Overall, would recommmend for convenience if working in media city.	
Jun 29 2007 	Superb Business Hotel!	I stayed at the Radisson Hotel Media City in the construction yard also known as Dubai for one week in June. My first contact was with the booking department at the hotel as I had to reconfirm prior to departure, and I was offered airport pick-up at a reasonable price of AED 150, about $40, well worth the money as the taxi drivers intend to drive in such ways that you'd think this is the last day you'll ever live. The hotel is brand new and very stylish, with a splendid front desk area with fountains and seating. The only thing that slightly bothered me is that there are two towers with only one floor with connecting bridge. Living on the 4th floor means you'll have to have two elevator rides along with a short walk inbetween. You could of course simlpy walk out of the east tower on the ground floor and into the west tower, but it isn't always as attractive an option. The room, this being standard queen size, was fit for a celebrity. Very nice decor and high ceiling, innovative shutters in front of the large windows and flat screen tv. The bathroom is bigger than any I've ever seen at Radissons around the world with a large walk-in shower. (fits two, from experience;) Safe in room as well as sophisticated phonesystems. As Dubai only has one internet-provider I can warn you ahead: it sucks. Very slow internet and the connection wasn't anything to brag about. Hopefully this'll change, the hotel being situated in Media City.Room service was excellent, with well prepared food and a nice menu. Dry cleaning was swift and accurate, and having the ability to choose which time of day you want the room made up is perfect. There's a switch on the wall where you can turn on &quot;do not disturb&quot; and &quot;make up room.&quot; Perfect for those days you want to sleep long. (in my case, everyday. Do not ask about breakfast, i overslept every single one) There is an amazing spa on the 2. floor, well worth the money! The pool area is also nice, complimentary towels and comfortable sunchairs. There is approximately 5 hours of hot arabian sunshine everyday. The beach is also very close, as is the Mall of the emirates with it's insanely large offer of stores and restaurants. The bar at the hotel (one of the three) is very social at nights with lots of nice people to meet. Overall this hotel is excellent, for the liberated business traveller! For families visiting I would recommend the Radisson SAS Hotel in Deira, but that's another review;)Have a great stay!	
Jun 1 2007 	Avoid if possible	The only thing good about this hotel is its proximity to Dubai Internet City and Dubai Media City.The hotel is built as two towers, only one of which has a reception. If you are unlucky enough to be stationed in the other tower and the bridge between towers is closed (as was my case), you will be towing your luggage outdoors between the towers.The hotel restaurants are quite busy during lunch hours but deserted during the evenings. On top of that, during my one week stay at the hotel there were 2 fire alarms (one at 4 am) that led to the evacuation of the hotel. Atleast one of the fires were started by the hotel's own kitchen.Unless your company forces you to stay at this hotel, my best advice is to find a better hotel.	
Jan 15 2007 	Good hotel some some problems	I stayed there for 6 nights during a business trip and didn´t find a big problem. The staff was very helpful and was very dedicated. However, my colleagues also complained about thin walls and noise on the 7th floor (notice: on 8th floors there is a Rooftop bar with live music) as well as on the 2nd/3rd floor facing the pool area, because of occational pool parties at night. I didn´t have a problem at all. There is an excellant but expensive breakfast buffet in the restaurant and a cheaper version of ot it: continental breakfast served in the bar opposite the restaurant in the lobby. The price for the breakfast buffet is worth the money.Also the restaurant and the bar serves excellant food.The pool has hardly any sun due to the skyscrapers in Dubai Media City and the hotel should not be recommended to tourists. There is a beach shuttle and there are malls near by, but the area is more business oriented and dominated.	
Jan 5 2007 	Good and Bad	We have been to Dubai before, and thought this would be a cool place to stay, out of the city but not too far. However there are, as a previous reviewer stated, a number of issues with this hotel.No 1- The pool gets no sunlight whatsoever. Do not stay here if you want to get a tan.No 2- The walls are too thin, we had to change our room due to the &quot;love noises&quot; coming from our neighbours. The receptionist intimated to us that this has been a problem for them.No 3- Slightly awkward staff who are keen to please but have no &quot;feel&quot; for the guests. For instance, at breakfast they leave the bill at your table immediately, we hadn't even visited the buffet at this stage, so it was impossible to say which breakfast (Continental, Cooked or Arabic) we were going to have.No 4- I can confirm that the shower does not drain upon use.The good points about this hotel are that it is modern, the spa is excellent, the breakfat choice is excellent and it is convenient if you are in Dubai on business.	
Nov 30 2006	Very Disappointing...Stay away!!!	Have stayed in many Radisson hotels and they are generally ok BUT this one has soooooo many problems that it's NOT a recommended stay. Some of these include; a shower that runs from TOO COLD to TOO HOT and doesnt drain properly, a problem with music from the bar DISRUPTING SLEEP at 11pm plus a pool which is directly overlooked next door by office workers &amp; labourers all day long. Needless to say my wife wasnt very comfortable lounging there. With the higher buildings right beside, theres only 2hrs of direct sunshine on the pool anyway. Made a complaint to management but got shrugged off with a &quot;sorry sir, we cannont give a discount on the room because of these reasons&quot; Never again!	
Nov 18 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed there 3 nights and enjoyed it very much. The breakfast buffet is very good. The high speed wireless internet connection, flat panel TV, DVD are nice. It is very close to the Mall of the Emirates (indoor skiing, good shopping), the Palm, Burj Al Arab and the Dubai Marina. In the evening go down to the marina to enjoy a nice walk, outdoor cafes, restaurants, etc. - a two minute cab ride. There is lots of construction going on in this part of Dubai, but since you will take cabs or drive anyway, it is not a problem. The park next to the hotel is a very nice place for a walk.	
Sep 21 2006 	veryyyyy trendy	Very very trendy, very stylish,an excellent place to sit, its not like one of those huge hotels, you dont feel as if its a big hotel when you are staying there, just seems like a hotel with 30 or 40 rooms or so.the ambience is excellent, would definitly recommend it to anyone, speically business travellers	
Mar 19 2006	Dubai....	We have recently stayed at the Radisson in Media City and give it 5 stars. We were there for pleasure and not business. Beautiful open air lounge on roof, euro spa and rooms as well as excellent on site restaurants. The staff was most accomodationg in setting up excursions, making recommendations of wonderful restaurants around the city, etc. Could not have been more conveniently located to AUD, Marina Walk, businesses, beach and malls.	
Nov 7 2009 	Dubaî Media City		
