May 30 2009 	Appropriate for singles and family interested in night club and disco	This Hotel is located far from downtown but in a good area of Barr dubai and also near to jumarah beach and some to extent near to wild wadi and arab tower.Also this hotel has two night club one arabian and another one from south america which are good but the prices are so high especially for those man interested to have a business lady in their room. It must be mentioned that despite the regulations, it is allowed to bring lady in your room at night, indentification card or vissa is necessary to have.The quality of breakfast is also good but it is not possible to bring that in food by hotel personnel.Totally this hotel is recommended to singles and married people which are interested in night clubs and disco and beach.	
Apr 28 2008	Horrible Hotel	The other reviwer most certainly got it right. This is not a familly hotel. At the flick of a switch at night, this hotel felt literally the town's main bordello. The management regulary charges room's by the hour and the reception is a veritable feast of characters. Within minutes of being in the room. A knock on the door, turned out to be a thai prostitude dressed in black. No doubt send in by the reception. I complained later on, but they looked at me, as if I was mad. Little did I know this of course. I just wanted a cheap room and I got it. A very basic toilet and tv and that is it. Door locks are not secure. So don't dare to leave anything valuable inside. Walls are thin, so you can imagine what you hear. I checked after one night and found the Awal Hotel, about 5 minutes from this. It is slightly more expensive at about bd15 but it was much better and cleaner.The only plus is the low price and the location if you liked being in the very heart of the old town and souk. At night the area is full of life and people.Sadly good quality cheap hotels in this part of the world is nothing more than hangouts of illrepute. There are plenty of 5 star places but very few in the lower end.	
Mar 31 2007 	A Sad Experience	Stayed in Capitol Hotel for three nights last February on a pleasure trip. This is my second time in this hotel since late 2005 and can say that accommodation + services have gone ten times worse. The furniture is exactly the same except more dated. The reception staff were very very rude and sounded like they're doing you a favor by giving you a room (very arrogant management as well). I was given a room in the 3rd floor, yet I could not sleep before 3 a.m. in the morning from the night clubs' terrible noise (3 of them). The hotel offers a room message service, but in reality it is a disguised service for working girls..!! I have not had any meal in the hotel so I can not comment on the food. For what I paid (USD 200+ per night) I could have enjoyed any 5* beach hotel at jumeirah. A terrible terrible experience. I WOULD NOT recommend this hotel to any traveler.	
Feb 25 2007 	Not a family hotel	If you are planning on visiting dubai with your family or for a simple holiday they think wisley. The Capitol hotel is mainly for business people. We were the only family there who were not on business. The rooms are spacious and up to date, as well as the hotel. However the hotel does seem tired. The View however in rooms are very poor. We had two rooms, one room had the beautiful brick call to look at with two small windows on either side and the other room had another room to look at. Breakfast is not great as the same food is served day after day. Other hotels i have stayed at have a huge variety but the Capitol doesnt. The guests are all on business so it doesnt make it fun for family. There is no specific hotel evening entertainment, only a couple of bars and a resteraunt which we didnt use at all. the swimming pool is small but fine for a dip, nothing special. while we were out on the roof, we were disrupted by the drilling taking place on the room and all the dust plesantly falling in the pool. If you expect to see other people there then think again, its a dead area on the roof with a shoddy gym facility. The hotel service is fine, but we used the hotel for somewhere to sleep. If u want something special, spend the money and go somewhere else. but if your on business or jus need somewhere to sleep then its fine.	
Mar 29 2006 	Average Stay	My wife and I were staying at the Capitol on business and accordingly we spent little time at the hotel other than for sleeping and eating. Our meals were confined to the buffet breakfast, which was always adequate, and dinner in our room-either lamb cutlets or fish with salad which were always enjoyable.Wine is expensive and the choice limited.The room was large and clean- albeit a little dark having a small window facing an adjacent appartment block-and well maintained.Traffic noise was not a problem. There is internet access in the room with the cost being standard.Although we were some distance from the night-club on the floor below, the noise was a problem on at least two nights during our stay. People staying in rooms closer to the night club had difficulty sleeping.Smoke is a problem throughout the hotel, if you are a non-smoker. Although we were in a non-smoking room, we needed to put towels behind the door to prevent smoke from entering our bedroom at night.For us who were on business, the disco and the smoke were the only problems.We did not use the gym or swimming pool and so cannot comment. However, the pool is very small and un-inviting with cloudy water when we visited.Generally, the staff were very friendly and helpful, although one of the customer service representatives was not only unhelpful, but bordering on rude. However, I prefer to remember the lovely people who served us at breakfast with particular mention of the chef who really tried and succeeded in making our eggs perfect.I also need to mention that the hotel did not charge us for a late check-out at 6pm which is a nice gesture.This is not really a tourist hotel in my view. It's away from the beach and the main shopping malls which are definitely worth visiting. It's possibly fine if you are on business or in transit.Another plus is that there is no construction activity in the vicinity of the Capitol.	
Nov 17 2005	great bars	I was in Dubai for 4 years and when i meet someone took me in Savage Garden. I was there amost every night and was great. I meet great persons like Miss Magda who work in Savage and the waitress. after a wile i went in Xanadu were also it's a great disco. I had great moment in that places. Now i'm in Romania and i wish to visit again ,in one day ur hotel and to have good time. Good luck in the future	
Sep 27 2005	Capitol Hotel	This hotel had lots of good points but major disappointment was that there seemed to be no non-smoking rooms.We arrived early in the morning (6.00am) and the hotel was very accommodating, showing us to our room within half an hour of our arrival, however, the room really smelled of stale smoke. This was not an isolated problem as at least one other couple had the same problem, even though they had pre-booked a non-smoking room. We asked to change rooms and was informed that we could, but not until midday. At midday it seemed there was a problem, with only one room available, I fear this room only smelled sweeter due to the fact it was above the night club and had probably been unoccupied for some time. As I was fortunate enough to have ear plugs with me the noise did not prove a problem.The hotel itself was very clean and the staff most pleasant, the food was OK and on a par with other establishments tried, but disappointing and not as good as Singapore, our last port of call. The hotel provided daily shuttles to the beach and to the city for shopping, which was appreciated.In all the hotel was fine and for the cost (a cheap deal through Emirates airlines), is somewhere I would use again.	
