Nov 14 2009 	Smaller that what you imagine !	The hotel is very small 4 star hotel.it is like a small house rather than a 4 star hotel.- hotel personnel were polite- no sleeper for bathroom.- good food.- bad place , (dirty part of deira)- terrible disco- expensive internet price	
Jul 23 2009 	WIsh I'd listened to Tripadvisor reviews!	I stopped over in Dubai en route to Germany and chose this hotel from the two on offer with Emirates (pick up from airport, free breakfast, transport back to airport). I shouldn't have bothered.Supposed to be a 4 star hotel, but since Dubai goes to 6 stars, this would drop to a 2 star outfit at best. The bathroom tiles were moldy, the bathroom cramped, the bedroom basic and the hotel was tired and run-down. The brochure boasts of &quot;bedrooms fully furnished in high fashion with top quality fabrics that boast outstanding luxury to meet the demands of even the most discerning guests...each of the 80 rooms arrests the beauty that is entirely Arabian with dazzling views of the city as sidelights.&quot; Rubbish! The brochure goes on to boast of its three fine dining restaurants... not. The &quot;secretarial service&quot; was a poky little room with 4 computers and an extremely slow internet connection.The roof-top swimming pool was quite nice, although I was a bit disconcerted when a couple of young male staff members asked me to pose with them for a picture - good god, I'm old enough to be their mother! I refused.The place is, however, staffed with some lovely people, and it is fairly near (taxi) the old town of gold souks and spice markets. The old city is more interesting than the newer super-fantastic new city with its malls etc, but I wouldn't stay in this hotel again - I'd catch a taxi to the old parts of Dubai if I wanted to see them again.	
Feb 1 2009 	Well ok but only for 1 night maximum	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night as a stop over on our way to Maldives. it was the last day of Ramadan and we could not find any other hotel free for under 200 euro.The advantages of this hotel are the location (very close to the airport so no fear for losing the plane due to Dubai horrible traffic) + the breakfast which is good. Also the bed was very large I thing 220 cm.The downsides are:-cleanness of the bathrooms- poor-the proximity of the airport does have its share of noise from landing/departing.In conclusion if it is just for a stopover you can manage; for a longer stay definitely look for another hotel.	
Nov 11 2008 	Definately not 4 Star	We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of October.The hotel room was very average. It was a good size, with a huge bed but that's about the only good things I can say.The floor obviously hadn't been vacuumed after the previous travellers had left, because there was stuff on the floor.The staff were friendly and the breakfast buffet ok.They class themselves as a 4 star hotel but I cannot see how they can. Maybe some of the other rooms are better.The location is away from everything.Do yourself a favour and find somewhere else to stay.	
Jul 28 2008 	What a Disappointment	After spending a busy month in Europe we wanted to end our trip somewhere nice and relaxing and this certainly wasn't the case with Lotus Boutique. The location is crap, being located in the old town on the wrong side of the creek, on a major intersection near the airport. The road noise, 24 hour building supplies garage door being opened all night and the planes flying overhead kept us awake half the night.We didn't have a new room like some of the other reviewers mention. The cleanliness was poor, particularly in the bathroom where the tiles clearly hadn't been cleaned and there was hair left around the shower and on the floor. The bed linen had holes in it and dirty marks. I'm not sure how a 4-star hotel can get away with this. We were put in a smoking room and asked many times to be moved but nothing was done. The reception staff, whilst smiling and polite were completely incompetent. They had no knowledge of the local area and continually gave us wrong information, rather than just saying they didn't know. For example, we can confirm that you can get taxis on a Friday night and Nasser Square certainly isn't a shopping destination that anybody would want to be dropped off in. The hotel's pool was like swimming in a hot bath on the roof. On a positive note, the hotel's restaurants whilst empty most of the time, did have good food.If you want a beach holiday in a decent location don't stay at the Lotus Boutique in Deira.	
Jun 16 2008 	positively surprised	After we had read all available reviews about the Lotus Boutique, we were quite nervous about what we would find there. Fortunately we were positively surprised and we really had three wonderful days in Dubai. The staff were extremely friendly, for example they organised an early check-in at around 10 am instead of 2pm, the breakfast staff was constantly checking if we wanted to try an omelette or have more coffee etc. and we immediately got an extra blanket when it got a bit cold at night. The best about the whole stay was probably the clean room with a huge king size bed that you just didn't want to leave in the morning. The only downside to the hotel was probably its relatively isolated location. It is still very close to the (old) airport but you need to catch a taxi (very cheap) to pretty much everywhere else in Dubai. If taxis are late or the traffic is loud, well, that's not the hotel's problem or responsibility, that is Dubai! I don't know why this hotel got such bad reviews, maybe these people had extremely high expectations. We didn't expect too much cause it is quite cheap to be honest and maybe we were very lucky but we were really positively surprised and had a great time there. It was definitely great value..	
May 18 2008 	Mediocre Hotel mediocre service far away from hubs	Situated on the &quot;wrong&quot; side of the Creek. Personnel smiling but incompetent. Timing of airport drop-off not reliable. If you are wondering why you get a room there while most other hotels are booked out, you'll know why after spending some nights there.One of the few advantages is that it's close to the (old) airport. When the new Super-Airport will be operating (far away from Dubai City), I can't think of any other good reason to choose it again.	
Feb 4 2008 	awfull	avoid at all costs. terrible location, poor food, poor service	
Jan 4 2008 	would not stay again	We sort of selected this hotel from the list that Emirates airline people gave us at the airport and they booked us with the hotel. The hotel is situated in an odd spot as far as taxis are concerned. The rooms are spacious, clean and new. But there are glaring problems such as steel door stoppers that jut out from the floor and can potentially slice your toe if you are not watching. The TV has no cable worth speaking about and you can only watch a couple of programs. Our room had a great view of the airconditioners outside. So, all in all would pick something else.	
Aug 4 2007 	Loved the pool!	My husband, 3 year old daughter and I stayed a night recently and found most reviews were accurate that I had read prior to booking. As a summary- you receive a drink upon arrival with sweets for the kids, friendly service, a lovely modern room and huge king size bed. The pool was a great relief! However, there is frequent traffic noise and planes overhead which may keep some people awake if they are not used to it. Another problem we encountered was that whilst they may smile and be polite you may not get what you were expecting. For instance the child bed was not set up yet and they needed reminding after we got to our room. Secondly, we asked for an earlier breakfast, were promised one and no-one knew anything the next day. Thirdly, we booked a shuttle to the airport which was complimentary, however, we had to wait 30 minutes for it to leave which made us late and we nearly missed the plane! On a positive note, we found a terrific place for an early dinner at 5pm. Turn left as you leave the hotel, walk about 100 metres and you will find Tahera Restaurant. They have an extensive menu, fantastic flavours and it's great value!	
Mar 20 2007	Really Nice Hotel	The rooms are really comfortable, the staff are very friendly and helpful and the service is excellent. It is near the souks and &quot;old dubai&quot;. Not suitable for a beach holiday otherwise excellent location. Easy to get taxis outside.	
Nov 6 2006 	Briliant	There are a couple of Hotels called the Lotus but this one is in deira on the Naif road beside the roundabout. We arrived late in the night (when I think first impressions are always bad - but the outside is nothing to the inside) . We were quickly shown to our room which was massive(it was a suite even though we didn't book one but I caught a glimpse of the inside of the other rooms and they were very large aswell). The whole hotel is very clean with daily maid service and all the staff very friendly and helpful. We had the pool(which is a little small) almost completley to ourselves most days. Taxi's are cheap and even out to the beach park only cost about 15DH the location is good but just that little bit off central that there isn't noise keeping you awake. The only faults with this hotel is its breakfast buffet which is lovely but not very varied day to day so by the end of our stay we were bored of it. Like many places in dubai there is building work in the streets but near the lotus it is only very minor compared to some work we saw and didn't disturb us one bit. We had no trouble extending our stay at the desk. Honestly this hotel was excellent value for money and well worth a consideration for budget travellers who would like a treat in quality.	
Dec 9 2006	3 étoiles pas plus		
