Nov 7 2009 	Nothing to write home about	I was unexpectedly put into this hotel by a client during a short stop over business trip to Dubai. This was my 3rd visit to Dubai but the first time i had stayed in a hotel. Dubai has no shortage of hotels and i dont suppose the Media even with 5 starts can claim to be a real contender for top hotel. That said it is large and cool and clean and the staff are helpful. If i was in Dubai as a tourist it would not be the place to stay and of course the constant buidling site that is Dubai does not endear oneself to the area surrounding the hotel. Not here a midlight walk on the beach. It is simply miles away. The rooms are large and are kitted out in a rather groovy sixties throw back. They are rather dark and the lighting in the rooms not really good enough. The view from my room though was spectacular (12th floor) and the panorama of Dubai streched before one. The bathrooms are nicely thought out with a separate shower unit. As i was out with clients I did not dine at the hotel though breakfast offered various well presented fare. The hotel is a business hotel and not one I would choose if I were planning a romantic trip away.	
Oct 17 2009 	Not a tourist hotel	This was a pleasant, clean, contemporary new hotel, staff are friendly and professional. However, if you are visiting Dubai for holiday i would not recommend staying here. although 10 minutes taxi drive to Emirates Mall, Madinat Jumeirah etc there are no facilities surrounding the hotel, we were getting up to 3 taxi's a day just to get around and do stuff which worked out £6 a time. Barsha is quite a new location so is still being built so the surrounds of the hotel are a building site and the desert and construction dust tends to get everywhere (pool mainly). The hotel does have an excellent Italian restaurant called Prego's which i would recommend food is excellent!! i did not rate the breakfast at this hotel whatsoever and only had this on one occassion. This hotel is a bit of an expat haven with expats working in the knowledge/media city visiting for lunch and they have a pub called Nelsons - oh-my-gosh!! this makes you feel like your in Gran Canaria it is a typical British pub, they have it down to a tee! the people that frequent here are the non-pretencious expats that are made up of your earthy wide boys and gals!! this place was heaving, so if your not a pub kinda of person avoid Nelsons is like being back home. If your going to Dubai for a blinging time i would recommend going to Roberto Cavalli's restaurant at the Fairmont hotel. Make sure you have loads of cash Dubai is sooooooooooooo expensive.	
Oct 10 2009 	Oh No!	Think they must have had too many good reviews, (including mine)and become complacent I really enjoyed this hotel earlier in the year so went back, no big problems but not 5 star service anymore, but still 5 star prices. Breakfast service has slipped and reception staff were not interested when I told them it was not as good as before....Will I go back again? I doubt it, myriad of good hotels in Dubai, and better prices.NB Their internet is STILL expensive... they do not appear to listen to feedback.	
Jul 25 2009	bye bye dubai :-)	Very nice and clean hotel with absolutely unrivalled breakfast and staff.	
Apr 26 2009 	A very good hotel in a decent location. Excellent Bar/Pub	We choose this hotel based on Expedia's recommended choice, and it was a very nice hotel. Its very close to Jumerah Beach and the Mall of the Emirates. The room we received was clean and comfortable, and was very modern and comfortable. The bathroom was well sized and had nice fixtures. The staff at the hotel is very friendly, and check in -check out was fairly quick. There is alot of construction around the surrounding area, but I did not observe alot of noise because of it. The Pub &quot;Nelson's&quot; downstairs is top notch with a wide aray of beers and spirits. The fish and chips served there is some of the best I have ever had. My wife, who never eats fish tried it, and would not stop talking about how good it was. I had rented a car for our duration, and advise you do the same. I could see how cabs would have a hard time finding the hotel, although there was a few taxi's hanging around whenever I went outside. I would stay here again.	
Apr 2 2009 	I cannot rate them highly enough	Media Rotana is a beautiful hotel, one that is made even better by the service delivery provided by their staff. There is someone to assist you at every turn if you want it and any issues are taken care of promptly. The shuttle bus to nearby shops as well makes the stay a little cheaper if you link in with other shuttles. There are a few things to be mindful of:- it is in the newer part of Dubai, so it is a fair distance from the airport &amp; there is no shuttle bus;- cab drivers are unfamiliar with it because it is very new so grab a map from the airport hotels desk. It is relatively easy to spot at night though with its blue lighting.A great stay - would recommend it to anyone that wants to be in that part of the city.	
Dec 10 2008 	Be great when it and area finished	This hotel had been opened two weeks when I arrived so obviously things will change here. As it's new taxis have lots of trouble finding it and you do have to go through badly lit off road tracks to get to the hotel from certain directions. The area is a building site and it is a problem getting taxis sometimes. It is also across the SZ Road from the media/intenet city so the media name associated with the hotel is a little cheeky. Getting across to the media/internet city can be difficult at peak times (took me an hour one late afternoon, its only 3 miles away!),The hotel lobby is lovely (but so cold!) and the staff were excellent though their grasp of English isnt brilliant but made up their through exuberance. I was given a room on the 7th floor and asked to be facing the main road as I knew the back would be noisy from the construction. I was given a room at the back butt the noise was minimal. I was also given a smoking room when I had asked for non-smoking, but as the hotel was new and I had a weeks load of clothes unpacked I decided to stay where I was. Room was a good size and what youd expect from a 4 star with good TV options and a good size bathroom, comfortable bed etc. Wireless worked well but unlike other business hotels you have to pay for it.I used room service which was very good, efficient (they called when food was leaving the kitchen) but it was pricey (especially as the £ against the Dhm is so poor). Breakfast was good but also pricey (95Dmhs at time £17). I didnt use any of the restaurants as such and when I stayed there the hotel didnt have its alcohol licence.The gym is good, plenty of space and machines and the pool was a decent size, though surreal swimming next to a building site with dozens of Indian workers swarming over it, smelt of car fumes a bit as you are near a main road.Overall a good hotel with equal amounts of plusses and negatives. I'd stay again (as long as the price remained the same 800 Dhms a night) and it will be great in a year or twos time when the building around it is finished.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excelente		
