	Reasonable Hotel at a reasonable price.	The hotel never replied to our emails about airport shuttle service or early check-in.By luck we found the hotel shuttle. On check-in we were told of the extra charge for early check-in. Not many taxis could find the hotel.	
	you really do get what you pay for!	Generally grubby condition. Staff, apart from concierge, surly and unhelpful. Room was not clean. I have seen cleaner carpets on trains and the bed linen had old blood spots and other stains which made the place seem more like a second rate B and B. My room was near the top of the building and they have a restaurant on the roof which closes at 3.00am and plays VERY loud music every night until then. They advertise three 'dining experiences' on posters and leaflets in the reception, in the lift and on advertising in the rooms. Don't believe it. The North African restaurant doesn't exist and neither does the Thai. What did exist was a fairly presentable Indian buffet, spoiled by them being interested only in trying to sell you booze at high prices even by Dubai standards.In short, try to avoid at all costs - spend a little extra and get a full nights sleep in a bed that doesn't look like it came from a drop-in centre	
Nov 23 2009 	Awful	Duration: 27th October 2008 – 30th October 2008The Grand Moov is in the Diera district of Dubai, ... down town Dubai basically. It's miles away from the main attractions and is about 30 minutes away from the airport. To get the interesting places e.g. Burj al Arab, Mall of the Emirates one had to jump in a taxi and suffer the intolerable traffic jams of Dubai. The view from the window was high-rise buildings – not particularly appealing. The area isn’t appealing either … horrible in fact.Upon arrival the rooms we booked were not ready – bearing in mind we arrived at about 12:30AM (half past midnight). There was not a room available for me upon arrival so I was put in an executive suite and told that I would have to change rooms the next day – the cheek! Suffice it to say they left me alone and didn’t move me. The executive suite was nothing to shout about …. It was old and circa 1985 décor with nothing available in the fridges not tea/coffee making facilities.The disco in the hotel wasn’t distracting, but I didn’t go.The food was not included in our plan apparently … luckily for us. So we ate elsewhere.The staff were unfriendly and very unhelpful. Upon check-out they even tried to charge me for phone calls I didn't make and food I hadn't ordered.Dubai for me was expensive and overrated however I don’t regret going. I may go again when the infrastructure (road / rail system complete) is better.	
Nov 16 2009 	Worst Hotel I've ever been to	If you're looking for unhelpful reception staff, linen that smells of tobacco, rooms that aren't made up properly (no mini bar, towels or toilet paper) and if you find glass in the pool due to a late night event they hold (they hold a few of these aparently) and that glass happens to cut your finger and you need 4 stiches and spend over 6 1/2 hours in hospitals with no help from the hotel.. if this is what you are looking for then the Grand Moov is for you.Oh and please look out for a &quot;ND MOOV&quot; on the side of the building - it seems to have lost it's &quot;GRA&quot; .. says it all really.	
Oct 24 2009 	Just right...	The Place is good, room is not that sound proof but still is quite enought to sleep. We've got a twin bed room that is very small in size, just the 2 single bed already occupied the room. Swimming pool is very good and very private. International buffet breakfast is good too. For negative things, service is a bit poor, we requested for 2 extra towels,3x we called they just said yes but nothing came, the next morning,I approached the cleaner and ask for a towel directly. Bathroom has no mop or rag to absorb the water from the tub. Lastly, I asked for complementary water so we can have coffee in the room, the crew said water is for a charge. So I said, but why did you provided a coffee withour a water, it was only that time the the crew realized that they didnt give us a complementary water by the time we've checked in. But all in all good for leisusre on a budget.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great stay	I've stayed at this hotel on arrival in Dubai for 2 nights, and returned following tour of Oman. On arrival 1st vist I was upgraded to Presidential suite by staff. This was unexpected by me and the staff treated me exceedingly well. The room was spacious and had everything and more than one would expect. Absolutely no complaints here. On my return to Dubai I happily stayed here again and though room was not the pres. suite it was a nice, clean room. I'm also well travelled and would happily rebook this hotel The other comments are cause for concern but based on my 2 visits I am surprised at all criticism. The restaurant was good and staff were respectful and pleasant.	
Oct 16 2009 	Very BAD	I travel alot and this is one of the worsest hotels that i've ever seen. Don't go there, you'll throw your money away. Very bad room service. Very Very bad food.	
Sep 30 2009 	Stay somewhere else.	This is rated a 4 Star hotel, in their dreams. We arrived hot and tired and received a less than enthusiastic welcome after being dumped outside by the travel company . There were no views except a carpark and we were on the 7th floor. What we weren't told was, there is a nightclub on the 8th floor that goes until 3am, every night, We had no sleep that night and changed rooms the next morning. There was only one restaurant and it served Sri Lankan food only. There was no bar and in our room there was no mini-bar, the only way to get a beer was via room service at $8au a can and we had to ask for bottled water. The place is a dump.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good hotel if you don't bring your laptop.	The good:- Cheap. As low as $50 a night for a perfectly satisfactory room.- Nice rooms, clean, maintained, hot water, perfectly fine for a 3 star hotel.- Location is in Deira district. If you like Gold Souk, good...But far away from all the Dubai things you've heard about (Mall of Emirates, Jaheira Beach, etc etc). They have a shuttle I think.- Reception is on par with what you would expect in this area of the world (lower your expectations severely if you are used to North American Hotel Service).- Room well lit, but no plugs near desk (without losing the main source of light).The bad:If you are on business or expect to use your laptop a lot, you will quickly burn through the $20-$40 you are saving. Internet is $5 an hour. But that only includes 50MB, so you'll be lucky to get 45min of just surfing. Signal is weak, and half your 50MB will come from refreshing your pages. Prepare to spend another $10-$20 a day for any internet usage. What is this, 1997? Welcome to the 21st century!	
Aug 16 2009 	nice hotel	grand moov in city center clse a tourist places and resturant and shopping centersnot far from dubai airport	
Aug 13 2009 	Just the job	Good hotel this, no frills. We found the room clean and comfatable.Room service good and quick.Good shuttle service to airport and malls.Recommend hotel taxi tour 4 hours of info, with pleasant polite driver.Reception boring, no barNight club on the ground floor a bit sleazyGet this hotek for agood price and spend your money elsewhere	
Jul 28 2009 	Not sure why people are complaining?!	I travelled to Dubai with my husband just a few weeks ago on a belated Honeymoon. I also read the reviews about this hotel once I have booked it and the reviews posted did put me off a bit. However, I would like to say to those who thinking of using this hotel to ignore the negative comments, as my husband and I were impressed with what we got. The hotel will pick you up and drop you off at the airport, so long as you arrange it with them before hand. We did not hear any noise from the nightclub from our room, very well air conditioned and the room that we stayed in was huge and comfortable. I you do not want to eat in the hotel, then just down the road there are plenty of restaurants that you could try. If you want to explore then the taxis are cheap and very friendly drivers, however, there are some unofficial taxis drivers trying to make some money, but be warned you will not be insured if they have a crash. Wild Wadi Water Park is well worth a visit if you have children or if you just want to have fun yourself. I would also recommend the Buj Dubai shopping mall as there are plenty of shops and an aquarium and an underwater zoo. I would definitely use this hotel again.	
Jul 27 2009 	excellent price and good service	I travelled with my brother and parents and only read the reviews for the hotel once the holiday was booked. When we arrived at the hotel I was expecting the worst, but apart from a minor hitch regarding not being picked up from the airport, the staff were quite helpful. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived so they did one room quickly to allow us to have a place to freshen up whilst they finished the other room. Having heard about the noise from the nightclub i requested rooms on the 3rd/4th floors and they were happy to oblige.The rooms were spacious and clean, and we found that the hotel staff were happy to supply us with additional towels and pillows as we requested - strangely they only ever put half a roll of toilet paper in the bathrooms but we rang housekeeping and they rectified this! Upon checking in, the hotel did request that we leave our passports with them so they could photocopy the necessary pages. I would urge you to ensure you get your passports back the same day; I went down to collect our parties' passports a couple of hours after check-in and they had to search a bit for them which was rather worrying.The breakfast did include many items you would not normally expect to see in a buffet (e.g. stir-fried fish!) but there was an omelette bar and a good selection of breads and fresh fruit. The staff were helpful and attentive - its amazing how much they appreciate a &quot;thankyou&quot;.whilst our party did not make use of the services, there was a free bus service by the hotel to several malls and beaches - we just found that the departure times of these buses were far to early for us considering we were on holiday.On our first night we dined in the Thai restaurant and were pleasantly surprised. the soups were exceptional.We also booked the desert safari, and if you do so please note that we managed to haggle a bit and get the hotel to drop 10UAD off each person! definitely worth a try! all in all, i was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. Having been lucky enough to stay in some excellent hotels previously, this was better service than i expected considering the price. the location is rather central to the Deira district, and whilst it isnt actually on Al Riqqa road, rather it is on a side road, the bonus of this is that there was minimal traffic noise late at night.	
Jun 25 2009 	Pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews.	My daughter, 24, and I got a cheap deal out there for 5 nights in June. The hotel was fine, although after reading some of the reviews we were a bit concerned. We found the staff there were friendly and helpful, the room did smell a bit smokey and we were told at reception that all the rooms were smoking rooms which did seem a bit strange and was a bit off putting, other than that the room was fine.I would recomend getting your own taxi to wherever you go as if the hotel get one for you it is a lot more expensive. Yes the pool is small but we enjoyed ourselves, the Tai restaurant is worth a visit and the desert safari is worth going on, but dont get conned if your driver stops on route to go quad biking as it is very expensive and not worth it.Lastly if you have a night flight home and need to be out of your room by midday they will ask for 200 duram to keep your room on, dont pay this we got them down to 125.	
Jun 19 2009 	checked in and decided not to stay	didnt smell too good, shabby, think it was a pick up joint, felt dirty!	
May 30 2009 	average but ok but cd be better	room was freezing always,service wasnt excellent,to use fridge had to pay extra,and also for laundry ironing...pool was too small....wasnt brillaint but ok...reception staff service was poor....came to clean room but not enough towels in batroom...the lighting was poor....cdnt see and not enough plug sockets...	
Apr 24 2009 	do not stay here it is not good value for money	I was charged an extra 200 uae because my flight got me in early morning [0600hrs] - the check-in time is 1400 hrs. There was no towels , the room was dirty and one of the wastebins had the last guests rubbish in it. The lights did not work and the TV was broken. I am a 77 yr old traveller and felt intimidated when I complained about the broken items. Staff were very unhelpful in fact they were rude. Food was poor. This stay spoiled what was otherwise a great holiday.	
Apr 16 2009 	really bad hotel pay bit more and take other one	Dirty bathroomonly one towel in the bathroom, and its wasted.bad television.no enough light in the room.the reciption ask to deposit 200 Derham to open the mini bar fridg.no water for makin coffee and tea, there are water heater for coffee and tea but for water they ask 20 Derham.!!disgusting smell in the all hotel area.bad staff except one lady named Nates I think/	
Mar 8 2009 	Not a place to stay	This hotel is not located at Al Riqqa road, although claimed like that. It is actually on a narrow side street close to Al Riqqa road. I called them to get instructions on how to reach a hotel by a rental car. Three (!) times the call hanged up. Obviously the person at the reception/switchborad did not know how to switch a call forward. Anyway, finally managed to find a person who was able to desribe their location.The staff was not very friendly and not willing to serve the customers. E.g. there were two staff members behind the front desk and only the man served the customers, the lady just looked like bwing very, very bored. We had a double room with an extra bed. When we asked to get a extra towel belonging to the extra bed, also that had to be asked several times. Finally after third or fourth time a person from house keeping brought it. The fitted carpet in the room was dirty and the bath room ventilation did not work.The location is a good one if you want to explore Deira. The pool at the roof is a small one and somehow a touch of unfinished painting can been seen everywhere.They have a free carage in the basement. I wonder where the four-star rating comes from.	
Feb 9 2009 	wrost hotel in dubai	i stayed in that hotel on jan5 2009, i arrived at night time, they promise me at the phone that room is gona ready for u but i waitedtill 6 in the morning to get a room, pls never book a room with (bookn.com,)they told me the different price but at hotel they carge me different price.the staff was very rude,speak in different languages in front of u.u will definatley get a problem to get a taxi, they wont help u at all.i have been lots of time in dubai but that were the worst stay ever.aamir uk	
Jan 24 2009 	Smelly room	We stayed at the Grand Moov for two nights in January. We chose it because friends had recommended it to us, although when they went there, it was roughly half the price.Wehad a bit of trouble finding the Grand Moov, but if you ask around, most people know of it. They have a private car park, which was handy. Check in was not fast, but not as bad as other people have found it. We had a king size room on the fourth floor, it smelt musty, as thought it has been locked up for a while. Other than that, the room was large, and clean, although the decor looked dated. One thing that really bothered me was the music from the club till 3am,which we could hear even though we were on the fourth floor!Breakfast was, interesting.They had an odd selection, including rice, and noodles, and chicken..... but no cheese?!I was not impressed with the shuttle service which goes to one location per day, but i later found that if u fancy a stroll the City Centre mall is abou 30-40 minutes walk away Overall, given the increasing price, I would not recommend the Grand Moov	
Dec 29 2008 	The not so Grand Moov!	This Grand Moov hotel has its pros and cons. The positives were the airport transfers to and from the airport which was very useful, the rooms were tidy and clean and the hotel itself was nice on the whole.However, I'm afraid to say that despite the hotel having its 4 stars you do not get 4 star treatment from the hotel staff. We were very disappointed with their lack of customer service. Those from the Philippines were extremely unhelpful, rude and cocky. They could not tell us where to get a bus or a taxi or where anything was in Dubai. They had very little knowledge of the local area and knew even less about sites for travellers to go and visit. Another common problem was the poor English of the hotel staff. They misunderstood what one was asking them and so they would guess the answers and consequently we were given misleading information about the beach shuttles for example, so we ended up missing the trips to the beach! The &quot;swimming pool&quot; is more like a paddling pool! It is very small and has short opening hours! It is only open during the hottest times of the day and in the early evening it is closed when most people would like to cool off and have a swim,since the weather is more bearable at this time. On top of that the pool would be closed for cleaning!! Something they could have done in the evening at least when it was closed! Not what you would expect from a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel!!!The hotel should also provide some entertainment for its guests. In the evening there was nothing to do except for those who like going to a small dingy room which the hotel called its &quot;Manila night club&quot;. On the whole quite an unsatisfactory and frustrating experience! Although many thanks to the hotel owner, who works on a separate desk from the reception, for his efforts to help us.	
Dec 6 2008 	Definitely a good hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of Nov 2008. Took a room at the top floor away from the elevator and didn't face any noise at all. Was a nice room and very neat. No problems with air conditioning or hot water. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Used the hotel travel desk to organize the hotel taxi (20 AED) to Diera City center both days to get on the big bus tour. The hotel has shuttle services to the beach areas and shopping centers but do note the timings for this. The shopping area shuttle is usually during the evening. And the destination for the shuttles may not be the same each day. Got a schedule for the shuttle from the reception. Also used the desk to reserve a dhow cruise with dinner. The hotel has a Thai restaurant and a breakfast area. We didn't eat breakfast though since there was a surcharge for it. Didn't use the pool at the hotel. Check in and check out were fast. Used the complimentary shuttle from and to the airport. Make sure you pre-organize pickup from the airport via email with the hotel service desk. Although the location of the hotel was in a semi-residential area, I found this useful since I could step out of the hotel and avail of the little grocery stores for essentials like water, snacks, etc. The only gripe I had was that the Internet connection at my room did not work and my laptop couldn't connect to the WiFi there. I did manage to get Internet access for a small fee at the hotel business center (10AED/30 minutes). But then again I had most of my maps/info already printed out prior to arriving. Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay here. It was a great room for a very reasonable price.	
Nov 30 2008	URGENT please read.	I am a British Muslim.The info given is incorrect. This hotel is based in Old Dubai and one would not have a pleasant trip if staying here unless you fancy visiting a land of boredom. I am a female and was insulted by an Arab Man for absolutely no reason whilst stood watching the plasma tv screen in the lobby.My family and I wore Muslim swimming costume attire yet the manager of hotel was v v rude and insulting stating that we were wearing normal attire and were liars and demanded us to come out of the pool.The women receptionists were very arrogant, rude and judgmental.There is loud music coming from upstairs and downstairs rooms. Unknown as to what they are. Assumption that they are brothels. Not a gd place to stay if you wish for peace and quiet as the music shakes floor boards until 2/3am.The trip was fantastic as we were only ever in New dubai and Jumeriah Madina. The hotel was only a place to sleep and get ready!!If you want a v budgted room and can put up with the above then you will enjoy.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed here last week for 5 nights and was plesantly surprised bearing in mind some of the bad reviews. I think some people were having a hard time and were getting increasingly annoyed at one rather arrogant member of reception staff. However, my experience was very good. I booked 4 days before going and was picked up at the airport at 2am and tkaen back there for my departure. The room was very clean and not noisy as I was far away from the nightclub.Breakfast was of a good quality. The choice didnt change much but most hotels dont change there menu for breakfast, do they?Overall glad I stayed here.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good Value for Money but !!!!!!!!!!	We stayed four nights, a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews. We were on the 6th floor and just faintly heard the night club, the lifts do not ding when they reach their floor so no noise there.The room was ok, staff were great, breaky ok. We have been travelling for 8 months and living in hotels, this one is ok, alot are worse and some better but alot more exspensive.Location aint the best but it is priced accordingly.Close to airport and 3 min walk to a number of eateries.had an issue with returning to my room twice and finding the safe open. have since discovered money missing, contacted management and awaiting a response.	
Oct 29 2008 	What a great surprise	We were pleasantly surprised at the Grand Moov Hotel. We were only staying one night in Dubai for a stopover, so really didnt want to spend a lot of money. However after reading a lot of the reviews of the cheaper hotels I was soon convinced to spend a little bit more. The Grand Moov caught my eye as it had really good reviews and the price was so reasonalble for a 4 star hotel.. Arriving at the hotel I was not disappointed. The room was really spacious and super clean. We were a bit disppointed we didnt get to spend another night here.. I cant comment on the location, but did notice that it was in the old Dubai, where there are a lot of older buildings. Its was very close to the airport which was a bonus for us.. Overall this hotel was really nice and wouldnt hesitate to stay here again..	
Sep 25 2008 	Good value for money	We spent a 3 day city break at the Grand Moov. It's in a great location to experience on foot the Creek and Downtown Deira. We are resident in the UAE and have stayed in expensive 5 star hotels in the UAE and although not as refined we thought this was good value for money as we took advantage of a Ramadan offer. The room was large, clean, the bed was very comfortable, room service was exceptionally quick and staff appeared friendly. The rooftop swimming pool was a good size, clean and well maintained. You need to get to breakfast early before it goes cold and/or runs out!	
Sep 19 2008	Good value but a bit out of things	Booked at the K Porte Inn but were moved here as they had obviously overbooked. We were not disappointed with the move. The Grand Moov is a much nicer hotel. However it was not quite so central as the K Porte. Nevertheless it was only a few minutes walk to shops and restaurants.Our room was fine. It was large and newly furnished and had most modern amenities you would expect. Everything was clean and well cared for.The swimming pool was on the top floor and was perfect when you needed to cool off. It is only open from 9-6 but I think this is because the hotel are security conscious and have a lifeguard on duty during these hours.It was ramadam so the nightclub was closed therefore we were never disturbed at night.If I could change one thing it would be for the hotel to be placed nearer to the centre or the beach. One thing that really was helpful was the hotel shuttles which were free and ran everyday to the beach, the airport and different malls so this made up for the suburban location.	
Sep 18 2008 	Awful experience!	We went to dubai for my sons 5th birthday. We'd never heard of The Grand Moov but our travel agent assured us it was exactly what we were looking for. My sons love swimming so a pool was a definite requirement. The first day we got to the hotel checked in left our luggage in our rooms and went out for dinner. Upon our return all my babys milk, food and nappies as well as anything else we'd unpacked and put on the shelf were crawling with small ants. The ants had gotten into all the milk - I had taken three times what I thought I needed to be safe as you can't get his brand in Dubai and the ants had got into all of it. The hotel said sorry 'this doesn't usually happen,must've been something you did that brought them in' I was fraught and apart from a room change we were not reimbursed any of our goods or even told where to purchase them from. The whole night was spent between me crying with frustration and taking a taxi all over dubai to find a suitable subsitute for my colic-suffering baby. We were also unable to use the pool the whole time we were there as it was on the roof top and temperatures were exceeding 40 degrees. The pool closed early and when I asked the hotel to let my sons have a swim after 6 sometime their response was 'no chance, it is illegal to swim in hotel pools in the emirates after 6???!!!' Disgusting service, I have since complained to the travel agent and make sure everytime our family go to Dubai they stay well clear of The not so Grand Moov.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Value	We stopped at the Grand Moov for a one night stopover. The free transfers to and from the airport were smooth and very welcome. Check in and out of the hotel was efficient, and the staff friendly and helpful.We had two rooms on the first floor and I was slightly apprehensive after reading about nightclub noise. I can honestly say we heard no noise whatsoever, however I cannot be sure it was open! Our stay at the hotel was a pleasant surprise, based on my expectations from trip advisor reviews. We paid about 40 pounds per room, and this was great value for what we got. Full size bathrooms, plenty of space and good decor. Communal areas pleasant.There was a good range of food for breakfast, although supplies were running quite low and we were hanging around for clean cups etc. Having said that there was an surge of guests as we arrived, we did not turn up until 10 and breakfast closed at 10.30, and staff were still bringing food out, so I wouldn't let that put you off. All in all, a great hotel fit for our purpose.	
Aug 2 2008	Great Hotel Excellant rates	We checked into the Grand Moov for 1 nite after spending a week in abu dhabi. we were flying back to oz from dubai so needed a cheap hotel for 1 night. Our room cost AU $100 and included breakfast delivered to our room at 5am and free airport transfer at 545am ( we had a 445am wake up call due to early flight). Our room was huge, with a big balcony, aircon and lovely clean bathroom with all little soaps, shampoo , hairdryer etc. Would highly recommend this hotel for 1 or 2 nites stopover, however do try to stay on the upper levels preferable on the right side of the hotel due to the Malaysian nightclub underneath. Hotel close to Marks and Spencer, and a huge shopping mall. would stay again. Onsite Thai restaurant is also good for a meal and alcohol.	
Jul 2 2008 	Fine for a stopover	I stayed at the Grand Moov for one night during a 12 hour stopover. All I wanted was an affordable, clean room with a bed, shower, internet and TV, close to the airport, that a cab driver could find with no problem so I felt like this was provided for. While there was no internet in the room (4th level, away from lifts), I only needed to be online for a short while, so I went down to the lobby. I had to have dinner anyway, so ordered food there and it was OK and inexpensive. There's a Thai restaurant on the ground floor where you can drink alcohol, but since I live in Bangkok, the western menu in the lobby was fine for me. In regard to the noise, I was so tired I wasn't bothered by the nightclub at all. I heard the base, but it just didn't bother me. I woke up once to someone yelling REALLY loudly in Arabic right outside my door, but that was it. The lifts I couldn't hear, either. I always sleep with an eyeshade on, but I felt the curtains were adequate. The bed was really comfy and the water hot, there was shampoo and moisturiser (handy, since all my stuff was checked in and I didn't bring anything) and my wake-up call came twice, so I really have no complaints. I paid USD96 on ratestogo and felt that I got a good deal.	
Jun 23 2008 	Extremely bad hotel	Please donot stay in this hotel. Its horrible. They have 3 nightclubs and one cannot sleep in this hotel. I had to be awake till 3 am to go to sleep. The hotel is shown as a 3 star but trust me its extremely bad. Inspite of asking for an early checkin we had to wait for 2 hours to get a room.the rooms were ok but the noise in the night was horrible. The staff at the front desk were not bothered and helpless. They themselves agreed that people were checking out because of the nightclub .Please dont visit this hotel at any cost	
May 15 2008 	Ups and downs of a long stay	We spent recently a long business stay at the Grand Moov, booked via its official website which really looks great. Thanks to the Trip Advisors' reviews we had asked per email for rooms far from lifts (due to their never ending &quot;ding&quot; sound), on the upper floors, minimum on the 5th one (due to the disco on the ground floor), which were both confirmed. We had also carefully checked, also on various tourism portals, that there was the internet connection in the rooms, so we were sure to have all we needed to enjoy a profitable and rightfully pleasant business stay. Upon arrival we got two rooms on the 3rd floor, just opposite to the lifts and with no internet connection available! After complaining at the reception with our printed correspondence they told us we could have changed our rooms the day after thanks to some check-outs. So we spent the first sleepless night, after a whole day journey, in the noisy rooms on the 3rd floor. The day after the receptionists were totally in the dark of our complaint and were unable to offer us any other accommodation. They steadily tried to postpone the problem by saying &quot;Please come back later&quot;. So we were in the mid afternoon and after several discussions and after saying that one of us is a hotel manager (which is the truth) we finally got two rooms on the 5th floor far from lifts and enough away over the disco but with no internet connection. When we complained for this severe poor service they answered that the internet connection is available only on the 6th and 7th floor with no extra-charge! Fully disappointing in comparison with the information offered on the internet and also on their official brochure. So, we were forced to move many times a day up and down to the business centre or the noisy lobby where there is the WI-FI connection available with a great impact on our stress. Some days later we booked the wake-up service which was confirmed but the morning after NOT CARRIED OUT! It was just by chance that one of us was awaked just in time by the sun through the carpets... No results after complaining also in this case. But this last episode was enough to make us send a written complaint per email: the day after we were called by the hotel manager who offered us two rooms on the 6th floor where we could finally enjoy the internet connection during the last week of stay. As a whole the structure is very new, wide, comfortable and the rooms offer sufficient comfort from some points of view: excellent beds, pillows and bed linen, tea &amp; coffee making facilities free of charge, living corner and spacious bathroom with bath. Courtesy set well-assorted (including tooth brush and paste, shaver etc.) but no make-up mirror nor sufficient light in the bathroom; so you could also go out from the hotel with a clown-like make-up on your face. The minibar just offers one small bottle of water for the arrival day, then it can be filled only by the things you personally buy at the grocer's shop near the hotel. After asking why it is empty they answered that some guests do not want to pay for the drinks they take... All in all this was not a problem because we bought a lot of drinks and yogurts (the latter are totally absent on the breakfast buffet) by paying them one fourth of the average minibar hotel rates. In any case rooms are quite clean and well air conditioned. Apart from the lack of yogurts, ther breakfast buffet is sufficiently assorted and there is enough staff to clean up tables as well as to prepare crepes and fried eggs. Please do not order breakfast in your room as you will pay it twice (40 AED per person): once in the room rate and then another time by receiving it in your room. Lunch is AED 45 per person but not so appealing as one could expect. The business centre on the 1st floor works enough well, though there are a few plug-ins for power supply. The transfer service from and to the airport is free of charge and carried out by means of air conditioned minibus; so, a good service available also in the night.The hotel location is in Deira, a residential/commercial district where sometimes, if you are lucky, you can catch a taxi just at the hotel entrance, some other times you have to walk for a while to reach the Mourakkabath Rd and hope to find one for you - in that case you could also be forced to try and try again for half an hour before finding one available.To summarize: pros and cons in a hotel which has the features to become much more better but not with this management and this lack of coordination among the departments.	
Apr 26 2008 	Excellent!! Very Smart Moov!	After reading over a lot of the reviews for this hotel I can honestly say that the people that gave bad reviews were looking for way too much from this hotel... they do not claim to be a 5 star hotel and therefore you will not get the same service as you will in a 5 star hotel. What you will get is an immaculate room, very friendly staff and very reasonable rates all year round.The guys at reception were very helpful, had excellent english and never without a smile! They were good with giving information on surrounding areas and directions. They ordered taxis whenever we needed one and we never waited more than 5 minutes. I enjoyed my stay at The Grand Moov and was so impressed that I booked my next stay there before I left. I give them 10/10 and those who gave bad reviews should go spend more money if they want to be treated like royalty just because they are on holidays.	
Feb 17 2008 	Bad Moov!	Booked this hotel via Emirates StopOvers programme. Loved previous hotels including Fairmont, Al Bustan Rotana, Deira City Centre and even two star Pearl Residence; But this one is in a very different category. Please stay away from this place unless you really want these guys to spoil your stay. Pros: 1. Clean room.2. You are actually provided with a toothbrush and toothpasteCons:1. Very bad location: residential area, you have to walk a bit to get taxis but only the 15th one will stop as you are in no man's land.2.Not a four star hotel: don't believe all the blurb on the website and yes, the photos in there have been photoshopped!3. Hard bed and not so comfy pillows4. Rather thin walls: I did hear the couple next door!5. Poor TV channels available, no video on demand, and even then some channels do not work.6. Rude guys at reception: they certainly won't go out of their way to help you.7. Over-the-top security: it's like an obsession with bouncers everywhere.8. Very very limited breakfast: same stuffs everyday and you just don't have choice. Oh, and there's no one who will do your omelette, it's all pre-cooked.9. There's no iron in the room and they won't even give you one, forcing you to pay to have your clothes ironed. And even then, they insist on being told hours in advance.10. Just 500ml complimentary water for your whole stay.11. Minibar remains empty. But the fridge works though.12. No visitor allowed even if you have paid for a double room, no upgrades allowed either. 13. Beware of the location of your room. Mine was about ten metres from lifts and these must be the noisiest I've ever heard. They are new all-right but they just &quot;ting&quot; at each level and you can hear them go up and down all night. Aaaargh!14. They have a nightclub downstairs (filipino on top of that) but you'll have to pay to get in. And make sure you don't meet anyone there (or anywhere else) because you won't be able to taker her/him to your room. 15. Staff can be unhelpful with wrong directions and no sense of time. 16. No response to written feedback given when I left. 17. No newspapers in the morning.18. No value for money at all. 19. Restaurant on rooftop but there are no windows to see the city. Probably because it was badly built but also because there is nothing to see in the neighbourhood apart from clothes hanging from windows of nearby flats. 20. Work is not finished: Drill and hammer woke me up at 9 am on a Sunday...Conclusion: Dubai is full of better hotels.	
Jan 12 2008 	False Advertising!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	As a salon owner, i always go away in january for a week. I had never been dubai before so i though if the weather is bad we could always use the gym or have a spa treatment at the beauty salon or use the jacuzzi hot tub, which was advertised that they provided in the hotel grand moov but unfortunately we found out that they did not exist at this hotel.They had a sauna and steam room which was never on, so i had to find someone to come and switch it on which once switched on was to hot to stay in them.I am furious over the website i booked it from as they gave false advertising.We only returned 2 days ago and i have never felt happier to get back from holiday.Breakfast was nearly the same everyday. One day the egg would be boiled the next would be scrambled, one day they would give pancakes, the next they wouldnt. that was the only difference.The staff could hardly understand english, most of their clients are iranians, so we couldnt even talk to anyone other than ourselves. Its far from the beach and hard to find a cab around at certain times.This was my worst holiday ever and i would never go back again. Hate the lifts bells.	
Jan 4 2008 	Nice Spot	Very friendly front office staff. We arrived at 9am after flying16hrs. They said the room would be ready in half an hour and for us to go have breakfast at the restaurant.Room was ready and it was clean and the beds were great.Staff were very helpful all the time. Not close to much but taxi were cheap. If they were not ripping you off.Enjoyed the pool There was no gym when they said there was but all in all fine place to stay.	
Dec 22 2007 	Facilioties blurb a bit optimistic!!	Grand Moov Hotel Deira, DubaiWe opted for a stopover package en-route to New Zealand from South Africa and elected to sleep at the Grand Moov. We did our homework and liked what we saw on both tripadvisor and the photos on the Grand Moov website.The room was spacious, clean, comfortable and well stocked and exactly as depicted by the photos. However, the lobby and surrounding area photos must have been taken by a master phoptographer - although recognisable, the area seemed to have shrunk by 50%!Diningroom presented a varied continental breakfast - breads of all shapes and sizes, boiled eggs, french toast and some fruit - so if you are bacon and egg breakfaster, definitely not for you.No sight of their advertised restaurant/s - we had an outstanding meal at the Sheraton (Creek Side) instead for the same price as what the Grand charged for meals. Taxi to the Sheraton 6 Dirhams.We asked for and was given a room on the 7th floor, well away from the Disco. Staff friendly and helpful although not very comfortably with the English lanuage. Will try another hotel if there is a next time. Very important tip if you are on a short stop-over in Dubai.Make sure that your hotel is based in Deira if you have earlt/late flights - the traffic is horrendous!!	
Dec 13 2007	Noisy and poor service	The rooms are okay but the cleaning service during my stay was poor. The building also hosts a night club and the music can be heard up to the 5th floor where my room was until 2 am.Insist on having a room far away from the elevator or you will learn to hate the bell of the arriving cabin.	
Dec 9 2007 	Good value for money clean and new.	Stayed here as I had 8 hours between flights at dubai airport and did not fancy sleeping on the floor at the airport.Pros:It's very clean and new, built in June 2006.Its in the centre of everything (Deira City Centre)Its 10 minutes from the airportRooms are spacious and comfortableExcellent value for money. I was surprised to get such a clean and tidy room for 85 GBP per night in Dubai (where hotels can be expensive)Free internet (ethernet cable in room)Cons:There isnt much in the hotel outside the room, theres a pool on the top deck but theres not much else.Theres no choice of restaurants inside, but does it really matter, as theres restaurants all around locally.	
Dec 8 2007 	nice room but facilities not as advertised	I recently stayed at the Grand Moov for 4 nights. The room was fantastic very roomy and clean and well appointed. There was no noise from the nightclub but some noise from the lifts but nothing to worry about.The pool area was small but nice and clean.Apart from breakfast most of the other facilities advertised by the hotel were not available.-Hideout bar in lobby - nonexistent-Thai village restaraunt - non existent-Grand Moov restaraunt - only open for breakfast / lunch-swim up pool bar - non existent-poolside bar - was there but not open when the pool was open only from 7om onwards!!-Jacuzzi - non existent- Sauna - non existent- Gymnasium - non existent.The bell boy staff were also not very helpful when trying to get a cab to get to the airport, just looked blankly and saying wait till one is outside! we ended up going to another close by hotel and getting one there.In all the Hotel Room was great but the facilities were not great. but there are other hotels close by where you can get a beer and a decent meal from.	
Nov 5 2007 	Ideal Location for Deira City Centre	I recently stayed in the Grand Moov for 7 nights during a visit to Dubai, I must say I was impressed with the size and cleanliness of the room. The pool area was clean and comfortable. I had emailed prior to arrival to request a high floor, I was on the 5th floor and could hear, very faintly the nightclub, but this did not detract from the hotel itself and I must say for the price it is well worth staying in the Grand Moov, I will of course return.	
Nov 5 2007 	No major problems just a few small ones	I stayed here for 2 nights on a stopover. I found the room to be very clean and spacious with plenty of storage space. I couldn't hear the ground floor nightclub but I was on the 7th floor. There were plenty of helpful staff available when I needed them. There was plenty of choice for breakfast and the food was fine.The location is convenient for the airport but a little out of the way for everything else. I decided to walk into the centre on the first day to get a feel for the place. It was quite a long walk... The cheap and shall we say 'brisk' taxis are a better choice but I had to walk a couple of minutes to a main road to hail one because the hotel is on a quiet street - waiting for one to be called to the hotel may have been just as quick. I made my own way there from the airport but used the free transfer service when returning.The internet connection in my room was completely dead and the IT people weren't around when I tried to get it fixed so I used the wireless connection in the lobby instead.There was a strange irregular clicking noise coming from the ceiling in the bathroom. It didn't stop me sleeping and this and the internet problem may have been particular to my room but I thought it's worth mentioning.I think they need to work on the details a bit more, but overall I wasn't disappointed. It was fine for a short stay.	
Jul 7 2007 	Good room  poor service	I was in Grand Moov for 3 nights . The first night our room is exactly infront of the lifts (roome No.3011) and all the night the lift was ringing (&quot;Ding Ding&quot; ) and we couldn't sleep at all . Also the club sound was too high.The next day we changed our room (after so much arguing)The third day they didn't put any shampoo and etc . They just put one towel for a twin room and when I asked for another towel they told me that they towel was finished !!!!! The rooms are big and clean and the lobby is beautiful . I had breakfast and lunch there . the quality was good , but nothing special . For a 4 stars hotel I think there might be something like yougert , cheese , .. in breakfast , but there was none of them. The pool area was very small and they didn' open their Gym and souna for us !!!The hotel is situated in a empty street with no taxi ! taking taxi in dubai is already hard and if your hotels locate in quite street you have no chance to take taxi in less than 15 min.All in all it is not a bad hotel , but there is so many better 4 stars hotel in AlMaktoum street	
Jun 27 2007 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel during June with my partner for 7 nights, The staff are very polite and friendly. The price we got for that location is great 5 minutes to the city centre and there are free shuttles to most of the places.Dubai is a construction yard at the moment so I will advice who ever visits there to do their home work properly before they book a room .I would recommend this hotel to any one who is looking for a very good location for a very good price.Aque	
Oct 14 2009 	tres bon sejour		
Apr 22 2009	Dubiose Absteige! Gefährlich?		
Mar 20 2009	Kein 4 Sterne Hotel		
Oct 20 2008 	Ne vaut vraiment pas un 4 étoiles		
