Aug 2 2009 	Important info	Please note the info on this site is not correct!! The map shows the location of the Chelsea Tower, not the Chelsea Gardens. Chelsea Gardens is located in Discovery Gardens, near Jebel Ali and close to the Ibn Battuta Mall. There is nothing wrong with this location but it is much further out of downtown than indicated here. I should know - I used to live in The Gardens and watched Discovery Gardens being built!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Good choice in Dubai	I've been to Chelsea many times both for business and family trip.the best thing about chelsea is it's location ,in the middle of Zayed highway with good access to almost everywhere ! the service is excellent and rooms are really spacious.staff are kind and responsive. and if you are lucky sometimes you receive an upgrade for larger Apartments(ie if you reserved a one bedroom Apt it's possible to upgrade to 2 or 3 bedroom Apt.best choice in dubai	
Jun 9 2009 	Dirty Dull and Tired and that's just the ladies of the night..the hotel was worse!	From the moment we had booked this hotel, we knew we had taken a risk as none of had stayed at this place before. It seemed cheap for Dubai and in a good location. However, from the moment of arrival to the departure our holiday was ruined.The hotel placed us in smoking rooms even though we requested non-smoking due to one of the group being severely asmatic. We also requested rooms above the 4th, this request was also ignored until we decided to complain. At this point we hadn't even checked-in!!The rooms were poor, in every aspect of the word. The decor, the bed, the bathroom, the security, the TV, and even for a bunch of backpackers..this was too much!I would be very careful of using the Safari group this hotel recommends as one of my friend nearly died on the quad biking event! There is NO health and safety code, you simply are given the keys and off you go!!I would never recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family, so please consider an alternative before you book! The Lotus hotel across the road seemed much better.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent Stay in this hotel with family	This is perffect place to stay with a family. I was with wife and 10 and 6 year old sons. The apartment was a 2 bedroom, HUGE! (larger than homes in Bombay!), had the works. Large living and dining area, bedroom with twin beds for kids, and master bed with queen bed for us. 3 bathrooms, and the kitchen. Man....Stove, oven, micro, fridge, deepfreezer, washing machine. What more do you need with kids, morning milk, evening snacks etc etc. Perfect. Located on Sheikh Zayed Road and central (too bad the metro rail work blocks the front) but we got taxis on call, and were close to the malls. In fact the metro stop is RIGHT THERE. Next time, I have to go up and catch the metro. The staff were friendly, breakfast was good. Its a must for business execs and families.	
Nov 4 2008 	Loved this hotel	I stayed in this hotel with my partner from 22October-27October 2008.The price for the is good for the services.We book 1bedroom apartment and end up in 2bedroom,very clean and tiding apartment.if you need to use internet everyday you need to think about the price as its AED110 per day,AED40 for an hour and AED30for half hour in this Hotel.there is internet cafe at the printing shop 5minutes from the Hotel.This Hotel is in good location on the service road on sheikh zayed road very close to many clubs,bars,shopping centre and business offices.The loaction is excellent.	
Sep 17 2008	A Good Value For A Centrally-Located Apartment	We have stayed at the Chelsea Towers several times. I would not consider it a full-service hotel, but rather an apartment-hotel with some front desk assistance. The apartments are comfortably furnished and spacious (try to get one higher up for a very nice view of the city &amp; gulf) but not overly ritzy. It is very convenient for a family or friends traveling together.We do have a baby, and the tile floor was not particularly suitable for her.The pool area is very nice and has plenty of shelter from sun/wind.The location to all of Dubai is excellent, as it is centrally located. Dubai has world-class traffic, so location is everything. There are a small variety of acceptable restaurants within walking distance.Big tip: if you need a taxi for a specific time (or a large taxi), come downstairs early - don't just call down &amp; order one! It will likely not be there when you come down. Don't expect full service here - just expect plenty of elbow room and a good location. Dubai hotels are VERY EXPENSIVE, and we have found this a suitable choice.	
Aug 20 2008 	Average hotel terrible service	Stayed in Chelsea Tower for 3 nights. We originally booked a 1 bedroom apartment only to discover that all one bedroom apartments are fully booked. So we were upgraded to a 3 bedroom apartment. Now you might think what a lucky dude!I was happy at first, but when I arrived to the room I was surprised that the other two bedrooms were locked !! I contacted the hotel reception and expressed my dissatisfaction with the apartment since it huge but half of it locked! The receptionist wasn't helpful whatsoever, so when I asked to speak to the hotel manager I was told that the manager will call me the next day.The following day I was waiting but no one called. So when I called the Manager *MOHAMMED* he was rude, and arrogant and didn't provide any assistance saying that there are no one bedroom apartments and he will not open the other two bedrooms without a charge. One more thing about this hotel, the room keys didn't work, so when I went to the reception to have them reprogrammed, I was told that the system wasn't working and I had to stay in the room without keys!!!I then left the hotel to the beautiful Madinat Jumeriah. Check my review for Dar Al Masyaf.	
Apr 12 2008 	Wonderful Place to Stay	We stayed at this hotel for a week and had a wonderful time. The staff was very friendly, got upgraded from a one bedroom suite to a 3 bedroom suite. Spacious kitchen, very clean rooms. I would absolutely stay here again and its wonderful for those who have kids.	
Mar 15 2008 	To mr Yesser the respectful restaurant manager	We stayed from 11 till march 13 2008.We had to work for the Fiteselektor eventThe staff was very good and the rooms are very okay.The food from the restaurant was very good.Thank you for having me / us.Leo [--]	
Mar 1 2008	Highly recommended	Stayed there over Christmas 2007 and found the whole experience excellent. Was in a 3 bedroom appartment (for family of 5). It was huge. All the 3 bed appartments are above the 25th floor (we were on 29th). We had a sea view. Room service available from the cafe on the ground floor - no alcohol. But food service very quick. You can have breakfast in the cafe as well. And amazingly it is not a rip off given the captive audience. Pick up a menu from the cafe and take it back to your room for ease of ordering. Eating out is also easy as you can walk to 10 restaurants within 5 mins (including the 5 star Shangri-La where they do an excellent fixed price buffet meal). Room (maid) service good. It is really an appartment block with some communal facilities but really didn't miss the facilities of a true 4/5* hotel. No big lobby to stroll around in etc but then we were out most of the time. Excellent valet parking set up if you have a car with you. Everything very new and very modern (style). Kitchen equipment a bit basic - really geared towards eating pre cooked food rather than cooking for your self. But good sized fridge and freezer. No noise issue on the 29th floor! Pool/sauna good but not exceptional (and outside of course). Small business centre if you need Internet access (you can buy it for 30 mins if you want). Ethernet in the room if you have a laptop with you.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great hotel - even better service!	The hotel is great!!! The rooms are large (we had an apartment with 3 bedrooms, living room, kitchen, 3 bathrooms). Very good service in the entire hotel!Great location as well!	
Nov 14 2007 	close but no cigar	Appartment size good, but poor soundproofing so traffic noise was an issue and I was on the 8th floor. Servcie weak: examples include paying for a late check out, then getting to my room with some very heavy bags to find my key no longer worked so had to do all the way downstairs again, my laundry not getting returned for 2 days till I chased it up as I was checking out {and they dont do laundry on Fridays} and the fact that this hotel is &quot;dry&quot; i.e. no alcohol available at all (and dont forget being the middle east you cant just pop out and buy some to take back to your room). Food ordered at pool took 30 mins to arrive and when I wanted them to look after my luggage after I had checked out they wanted to charge me dhs 20 per bag for the priveledge, but here their incompetance worked in my favour as they forgot to charge me!All in all an ok place to stay, good location, but expect 3 star service and you wont be dissapointed.	
Oct 25 2007 	Good location Great on space	My husband and I stayed here for 1 week with 2 children under 5. The first place I check in a hotel is the bathroom hence the picture and both were in excellent condition. We were upgraded to a 3 bedroom apartment and that was just excellent. The kids ran around the apartment as it was really SPACIOUS. There were kiddies channel in English so that helped. The kitchen and washing machine came in really handy with two toddlers. We tried the restaurant on our first morning but the decor put us off so we left. We ordered breakfast in the room but when it arrived it was cold so we had to heat it up. Ended up eating out and quick meals for breakfast rest of our stay. It was convinient for going downtown towards bur dubai and the city centre mall and in the other directions towards the wild wadi and the mall of the emirates. Gettin a taxi was easy but beware of the traffic. You've got to ask for best times to go up or down town. The staff were helpful and courteous. Had problems with the internet access and this was removed from our bill.Overall if you've got kids you need this space.	
May 27 2007	we enjoyed our stay	the 3 bed apartment was a good size for a holiday and our 4 kids loved it- the bathrooms were a bit too small though.so was the master bedroom.having so many kids means you need to do loads of washing and the separate washing machine and dryer made life a lot easier. The kitchen utensils were below standard with pots and frying pans having lost their non stick bases ages ago; the staff were not prepared to replace them so we ate out and bought lots of take aways - the kids loved the fact that we were bang in the middle of pizza hut, mcdonalds etc.the pool was nice with a good ambience.My kids complained about the lack of good cable channels - yes, tv was poor- and the tv's themselves were from the 1980's.For the money we are asked to pay, they could at least have lcd tv's and subscribe to a better tv network.nonetheless, it was a nice place to stay(10 days) and explore dubai from and cheaper than taking out a suite at the fairmont - our original plan.one thing to note is that we are spending july in dubai and making bookings now - the kids insist we go back to chelsea towers, so there you go!!!	
May 3 2007 	Do not trust advertisements	We made the reservations through the internet and the only information we had for the hotel was the description of its webiste and some other travel sites. It look impressive and we expected a good value for the money we paid. However, we had a really unpleasant surpise, as the small suites for two persons are only on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd floors and the noise was terrible. The staff was not really helpful and the services (breakfast, lunch) inlcuding the breakfast quality were less than average. What we got had nothing to do with the information advertised and the requests we made when making the reservation was not at all fulfilled, e.g. we asked for two beds and got one double, we specifically requested a quite room and got the noisiest one etc. There are a number of alternatives in the same area and budget which would be a better option.	
Apr 8 2007 	Modern and comfortable	The hotel/apartment is perfect for you if you are travelling around Dubai, like we were. It is newly built and very modern. The apartments were a perfect size with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen which had everything you needed including some saucepans and a washing machine, so you don't really need to pack too much. There was also a dining room and a sitting room which had a large T.V. and a DVD Player. The pool was a reasonable size and again very modern. The disappointing thing about this hotel was the cafe as the food was quite expensive and not very tasty, but having said that there are nice drinks and sheishas which you can enjoy in the evenings. Overall this hotel was very pleasing.	
Mar 30 2007	Good facilities but overall just barely worth the money	We stayed at the Chelsea Tower with my husband in November 2006 and we cannot say that it was an exceptional experience. It was expensive for what it offered, which is just a well-appointed apartment. The staff were OK and their swimming pool and fitness area on top of the car park are quite good. We ate at the restaurant on one side of the building and it was alright. We particularly enjoyed their water-pipe and their deserts. Now, I would gladly give them a 4/5 rating if they were a little cheaper, but as it is I must say that it was simply average.	
Mar 12 2007 	Fantastic	Very good indeed. Lovely, clean, large rooms. Room service available and cheap too. 4.00 uk for breakfast. Sm supermarket approx 50m away in next building which delivered for free. Pizza Hut and Applebees next door also. Hotel taxis/minivans available, little more expensive than off the street but always there. Important for my family of 6! Pool was large for this area, good service all round. I had a 3 bed apartment which actually slept 8 and had 3 bathrooms. Full kitchen with dishwasher, dryer and washer. Large fridge and separate freezer too. Clean towels, beds made every day just like a hotel. Staff polite and helpful. Safe in room.	
Nov 13 2006 	Plesant suprise	A four star 48 floor/250m high hotel / serviced apartments located in the middle of other skyscrapers close to the forthcoming highest building in the world (Burj Dubai). Offering mainly aimed to expats etc staying there longer, I was there on combined business/holiday trip lasting for 8 days during Nov’06. Hotel is new, built in 2005. One to three bedroom apartments with fully equipped kitchen. Some rooms have balcony, we had a three bedroom apartment (free upgrade in check-in from one bedroom apartment!) which was probably bigger than our house back home. It had three bathrooms + additional toilet. Nice pool section with 25m pool + additional one for kids. Good, fast service during throughout the stay. Quite many restaurants &amp; cafes (including the usual Starbucks, Burger King, Pizza Hut etc but also Lebanese, Iranian &amp; Indian places), small supermarkets and a little mall in the neighborhood within walking distance. And it is actually possible to walk to those spots, unlike in some other places in Dubai where you simply need to use a car... Also some high-end restaurants available, e.g. in the nearby Shangri-la hotel.12 lane highway going just by the hotel, so some amount of traffic noise is always there. Nothing annoying as such though, at least not in our room in the 15th floor facing the highway. Note that this highway is extremely congested many hours a day, so even a small journey with taxi can take a very long time.All in all really nothing to complain about. It’s not exactly a full five star hotel with extensive pampering etc, but as a four star apartment does its job very well. I would not hesitate to return to this place.	
Jun 5 2006	unhelpful staff	We booked on the internet, paid by credit card and we live in Abu Dhabi so could forsee no problems. We drove to the hotel in dubai. Staff insisted on our passports as ID, which we didn't have, would NOT accept our photo ID, uae credit cards, nothing at all. Very unhelpful, couldn't careless attitude. Where going to charge us for the room even though it was them that wouldn't let us stay there. Other hotels in dubai did not insist on passports as ID. Spoilt the day.	
Feb 14 2006	Upmarket place to stay	The Chelsea Tower provides such excellent accommodation, I cant belive it is rated as the 70th best hotel in Dubai!The apartments are very nicely furnished, the modern fixtures and fittings made it feel like a home from home. Views from each side of the Tower are fantastic, particularly as you get up to the higher floors. From the front of the building you have clear views of the Burj Al Arab (the 7 star sail hotel), the Jumeriah Beach Hotel, &quot;The World&quot; and the new Burj Dubai (currently under construction.The pool area is very good. There is always a life guard on duty, who will move towels from sunbeds that dont appear to be used. The pool side is immaculate, very clean. Even the towels match the blue and white theme of the hotels decor. Both the ladies and gents changing rooms have a sauna and steam room which can be used at no extra cost. The gym is very good with up to date equipment and instructors on hand.Other reviews state that the hotel does not have a fancy lobby. This is correct when compared with large chain hotels. However there is a seating area, reception desk and concierge as you would expect on the ground floor. Also, whilst there are no restaurants located within the hotel, there are a number of bars and restaurants located below the hotel and on the street which runs out front. The &quot;Limelite&quot; bar below will even deliver your food and drinks to you at the poolside!I would stongly recommend the use of this hotel for business or pleasure.	
Jun 22 2005	Nice surprise	The hotel is new, so I think rates are low only temporarily. But in May 2005 we got a 2-bedroom suite for much less than the cost of a 1-bedroom at the Dusit Dubai. The rooms at Chelsea were larger and nicer. It really is an apartment, and there was a full kitchen we could have used.There is a health club with a nice pool (1/2 olympic length, they say), but there are no amenities such as a fancy lobby, a bar, or nice restaurants. Breakfast is free and is served next door.	
