Nov 18 2009 	Everything we wanted and more...	We have just arrived back from a 4 night stay at the Oasis. It was quite simply an amazing apartment hotel! The apartment was huge and very well serviced, cleaned daily and bathroom and kitchen stocked with amenities and products. The view we had from the 26th floor was of he neighbouring marina and the palm, both made for breathtaking scenes every morning and when the sun goes down a wonderfully lit city awaits you from the comforts of your balcony. We were given complementary beach towels every day and made the short walk across the street to the beach. The area outside the hotel is brilliant &quot;the walk&quot; - lots of shops and places to eat.We were 2 couples sharing, but could recommend this hotel for all types - families, groups etc. Staff very pleasant every day, good choice for breakfast every morning - including pork station for those who like their bacon sarnies and full english!I would definitely return to this hotel again!	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful	I stayed in the Tower in a three + bedroomed apartment with friends and 2 children. I have to say I couldnt fault it on any grounds. 100% clean and service was tip top. We had a sea view and the Palm Beach resort was only a stones throw away. The only mild problem was all the construction work around Dubai although I cant say we were really bothered or inconvenienced by it. The amenities of the nearby hotel are available for guests in the apartments including the pool, bar and restaurants. Great trips are arranged by the hotel daily and dont miss the 'desert safari' or a visist to the old town souks and spice market. And if you want a little pampering, there is a small but busy beauty salon in the hotel also. Evening entertainment was a little thin on the ground in the hotel itself but really you dont want to be confined to the hotel anyway .. go and explore Dubai with its many restaurants,clubs and bars. I would definately recommend the Oasis Beach Apartments to anyone in preference to the hotel anyday.	
Oct 7 2009 	A great family holiday an experienced that has left a lasting impression!	We were pleasantly surprised on arriving at our hotel/apartment. We stayed in a three bedroomed apartment, all with ensuites. The rooms were big, bright, spacious and well furnished. They were kept meticulously clean throughout our stay.The kitchen had all the mod cons. We recieved more than we could drink of bottled water daily as well as a welcome pack with milk, butter and other basic foodstuffs. The beds were so cosy and comfortable, nobody wanted to get out of them in the morning. We travelled as a family of 5 kids(including a teenage son) and 2 adults . The swimming pool was nice and clean, there were three seperate pools, one for childern, a deep pool and one that was about 4&quot; deep. There was always a lifeguard and beach towels were surplus.Because we travelled at the beginning of Ramadam(muslim fasting season) we were a bit worried because of the fasting and not being able to eat out in public until evening, but as it goes, this really did not affect us much.We never really left the apartment until after 2pm on most days because we never got to bed the previous night until about 2am. Trust me you really dont miss much because everything and everywhere in Dubai closes late, I mean really late.The beauty of having an apartment as opposed to a hotel suite for me is the flexibilty of being able to cook for yourself if you want to. I know that when most people travel, the last thing they want to do is end up in the kitchen, however when you are a family of 7, eating out 3 times a day for 8 days can soon add up, coupled with the fact that the younger children can be a bit fussy with food.There is a decently stocked supermarket and shopping mall attached to the apartments.We even joined the dvd club when my 6 six year old had had enough of the late nights and just wanted to cuddle up with mummy on the sofa with a bag of popcorn!The staff were excellent and friendly. They always wore a smile were ready to help and advise. The location is excellent for restaurants and prices are quite reasonable. The area is still being developed but that really did not affect us.The only thing I wasnt really impressed with was the breakfast.We only went for breakfast once even though it was a part of our package. So unless you enjoy continental every day............ My children eat cereal,toast every day at home so being on holiday we expected a more robust menu......I mean thats part of what you do on holiday, eat eat eat.Our holiday ended much too quickly. We all agreed that if we were to come again it wuold be for 2 weeks as we only got to do half the things we planned to do. Our children insist we come back to Oasis Beach Tlowers and book the same apartment. I think that speaks for itself!	
Oct 6 2009 	Luxury	Very spacious apartment with great outlook over the water. Like most places in Dubai a lot of construction going on around but you do not notice any noise. A bit difficult to get to beach out front but they do provide a shuttle to a private beach. Everything that you need is provided for you and there is a small supermarket downstairs. We accidentally were there during Ramadan so it was very quite and our trip to the desert was modified because of this.Overall a lovely place to stay but it is a fair way out of the main part of Dubai if that is what you want. Plenty of taxis and buses to take you there though	
Sep 13 2009 	The best place to relax	We have stayed nine nights at Oasis Beach Tower, my plan was to stay a week but I really liked it so I extended my stay.Pros.1- the aprt. was v. clean and high furniture2- Hotel service is above expected3- Very securedCons.1. Low internet speed and no wireless in the room2. Far away from the city centre	
Aug 5 2009 	good value good space	we had a two bedroom apartment in this complex. the room was spacious, nice kitchen, good view of jumeirah walk. nice location within the walk, which means shops, restaurants, bars and the beach are outside the door. the pool was nice for an apartment hotel and the gym was good too. the staff were average. this is good value for money in dubai, a good solution for a family. nothing wow about it though.	
Jun 24 2009 	It really is as good as other people say it is !	Stayed here for 4 days in June 09 with really hot weather (gauge tipped 117 deg at the pool on one of the days) but the apartments are fabulous. Four adults, one teenager, and two small children (4 and 2) and we had loads of room. We were in a deluxe 3-bed which had 5 bathrooms and was spacious, minimalist decor, but suited small children with lots of couches, cushions, and space. Beach too hot to use during the day but OK morning or night/evening, and the Apartment pool is in the shade from about midday. A bit of noise from local construction but not a big deal.The apartment is luxuriously appointed with everything you could thing you'll need, and a welcoming food pack to start you off. Small supermarket downstairs and many restaurants within a short walk (if you don't mind the heat !). The area is upmarket, trendy, suburban beachside, but in 3 days we did Wild Wada, afternoon tea at the Burj, gold souk, dinner by the creek, beach, pool, and a couple of malls ... a busy few days, but a great experience. And on top of that the staff were all so very friendly and helpful - beach towels from the concierge for example.	
Jun 24 2009 	Top hotel in best part of Dubai	I spent 6 nights at the end of May '09 at this hotel. It isin the marina district. This is the &quot;new Dubai&quot; with gorgeous architecture, a multitude of restaurants to choose from and one of the nicest beaches I have been to. The beach is but a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The sand is more soft than in Hawaii and at the end of May, the water was llike bathwater (at least 75-80 F)The hotel accomodates short and long stay travelers. It is geared towards long stay business travelers. Thus the rooms are huge and very comfortable. We had a 2 BDRM apt which was about 2500sq ft in size. A very modern kitchen was included and the whole place was very comfortable. The cleaning crew came every day and was very courteous. The fact that we could cook breakfast helped save cash.Dubai is a very happening place. The Atlantis water park is excellent. The gold souk offers phenomenal selection. Be sure to save at least five days to visit this super city.	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice hotel with huge apartments in nice location	This was our third family (with 2 young children: 3 and 6 years old) visit to Dubai. For the first time in 2007 we stayed in Bur Dubai, we stayed also in Deira during the previous visit this January and decided to be closer to beach on this trip for a week of May 10-17 after moving from 2 nights stay in Radisson SAS: when my mother in law joined us on this leisure trip.  May is considered as low season for Dubai. So, I got very nice price for Oasis Beach Tower 2-BR room for only USD220 (prepaid rate using Orbitz.com). This is really value for money since in January the same room would cost USD 400 and more. The apartment has 2 huge fully furnished bedrooms (master with 1 king bed and another one with queen bed). Each bedroom has its private bathroom with shower. Besides that there is one guest bathroom and washing/drying room with another attached bathroom. The living are is really huge, well furnished, with big famility type of sofa. All rooms have lcd TV sets. Kitchen is a special story: fully equipped for cooking...  As for the previous visits we also rented a car through National.com (you may get really nice quotations at National for reservations made ahead, highly reccomend it for Dubai). Thus we paid only USD 271 for 10 days rent and were upgraded to Toyota Camry. Hotel has a free basement parking lot for car and I would reccomend rentining a car in Dubai if you are planning to have extensive driving around: it would be chipper than taxi.  As to the hotel itself, here some positive aspects: it is very fresh hotel, nice location, 200-300 meters walking to beach, amazing views, balconies, panoramic elevators, good pool area, complmentary internet conncection, fully equipped apartments with kitchenette, etc.Negative aspect: ongoing construction sites nearby, especially old Oasis hotel demollition. Howevwer, it is typical for Dubai ... And I am sure this demollition process will end up soon. In general, we have a very positive impression from Oasis Beach Apartments, Service was good enough. One small reccomendation to hotel management: it would be more confortable if you set up the card readers for entering the hotel from the parking lot instead of ringing the security bell. I would highly reccomend for people seeking HUGE comfortable apartments with close access to the beach.	
May 5 2009 	Simply Amazing!	I've stayed at Oasis Beach Towers twice. First for a week in October 2007 and a week in June 2008. The fact that I went back says it all! On my first trip there were 5 of us in the group, all girls in our early 20's. We had booked it on expedia at a very good price. We had a 3 bedroom apartment which blew us away when we got there....fully kit out kitchen, all bedrooms en-suite, basic food in the kitchen on arrival, balcony with a fabulous view, daily cleaning and drinking water delivered to the apartment...I can't say enough good things about this hotel. On our second visit we had a two bedroom apartment with a part sea-view and part marina-view. The two bedroom apartment didn't disappoint us. Service was even better than our first visit. One girl got very sick on arrival and had to fly home but there was a nurse available at the hotel at no cost which we thought was quite impressive. The beach is amazing with very good bar service. I've read that the hotel across from the apartments has since been torn down with a lot of building going on but that's nothing new for Dubai. The construction all around didn't have any effect on our holiday! The sky bar in the Hilton next door has to be experienced too!Will definitely go back in a few years!	
Apr 1 2009 	Simply stunning	Stayed at the Oasis beach tower during a spring break in Dubai. It was my first time in Dubai, so was bound to be bowled over by the magnitude of everything, but this place was really special. The apartments where huge well equipped with good views, and the staff were just great (Jobby the concierge was marvelous). Stayed alone with my partner, so as far as cost goes, probably didn't represent the best value for money, but the apartment would have housed another couple with ease, so you could make it cheaper if you're willing to double up, and I'm sure it would make a great alternative for families. Well located, with free use of the beach at the Oasis beach hotel. This was due to be closed for renovation when I was there so not sure what they're doing for beach access now. Stayed in dubai a number of times since then, at a number of other great hotels, but must say have not experienced the same wow factor as I did the first time I entered the OBT's. If you stay be sure to check out Frankies on the ground floor for Gourmet food in relaxed environment.	
Mar 8 2009 	Location/Price/Size Can't be beat	Stayed 3 nights in Deluxe 3 bedroom apartment, 2 bedrooms with King and 1 bedroom with 2 twin beds for family of 5 and paid Dhs1600 before taxes. Extremely huge apartment. Bathroom in master bedroom as big as a bedroom. Tvs in each room and internet hook up. Kitchen with everything you can imagine and they give you all the basic food like milk, yogurt, cereal free with the apartment. Used the washer/dryer which was nice. The location on &quot;The Walk&quot; is absolutely amazing. The restaurants and shops seem to go on forever for as beyond what the eye can see. We ate at Wagamama which is in the hotel and one our favorite restaurants when we go to Europe. Was lovely and you can order from their menu for room service as well. We ordered a very decent priced waffle, muffin and croissant for breakfast and the teens at cereal which we bought at a small supermarket in the mall connected to the hotel. Downsides were no private beach - but you can go to the public one across the street. The old hotel across the street is being torn down and makes a lot of noise in the morning - it starts before 10am despite what the hotel's website says, but does not disturb you at night. The parking for cars underneath is really inconvenient and the turns are really tight. They have part of the first floor basement roped off for valet for &quot;the walk:, so to have the machine read your parking card, you have to get out of the car since you can't back up due to the ropes. If the management is reading this, please get some parking attendants to park the cars. Housekeeping didn't clean one time until I called at 4pm. We had planned to use the pool, but there is a building (not associated with hotel) being built right over the pool and the workers were looking at everyone in their bathing suits. I do plan to go back to this hotel for sure as we really enjoyed ourselves and as the title states - you can't beat the location, the size of the apartment nor the price. We may make this hotel our regular one in Dubai.	
Feb 25 2009 	Very high in height and in quality	We stayed for 8 days in a deluxe 3 bedroom apartment which was absolutely huge, we are a family of five. All bedrooms were en suite with flat screen TVs, my kids were well impressed!! The views were good, palm, Atlantis, the beach. The decor was tasteful and minimalistic, nothing to break(!!). The welcome pack was lovely, bread, pesto, pasta, cheese, milk etc. There was a supermarket in the mall underneath for any extras we needed.  The apartment was cleaned daily and the cleaning staff were really polite and friendly. We were 39 floors up and they have a glass elevator so everytine we had to leave the apartment was like an adventure for us and the kids. The swimming pool was clean and perfect temperature. The only downside was of course the building work (it is Dubai after all), they are knocking down the old hotel so there was a bit of noise from this and also building work was being done on the other side of the tower, however, the noise levels did not keep us awake, but our view was perhaps a bit marred!	
Feb 19 2009 	Probably the best!	The apartments were fantastic and the receptionist &quot;Rohit&quot; was very helpful from the moment we arrived at 5am.. We originally booked a 3 bedroom deluxe apartment but we were upgraded to the premium lounge free without even asking for it.. They even checked us in straight away. the apartments were just brilliant with sea view in every room and even from the balcony. Flat screen tv in every rooms with Bose sound and DVD system in the living room. there is also free internet connection cable in the living room. Every bedroom has its own toilet and bathroom. fast Panoramic lifts. The Tower also has a new gym and a childrens Swimming pool, along side the big pool.The staff there are very helpful even when we need a cab they would help us so we do not get over charged.There is construction work going on around the apartment but we hardly even noticed it from our apartment which was on the 40th floor.(Construction work is now unavoidable as it is happenin every where). Location will be a disapointment for those who want to go there for shopping, As it is expensive in Jumeirah, For shopping Deira/Bur Dubai is only 30-40 minutes drive from the tower or 1hr-2hr when there is traffic. Good location for the kids as there was the beach, and other activities in and aroound the towers for them.	
Jan 18 2009 	High recommend Oasis Beach Tower Apartments	I used Trip Adviser for the first time when planning our trip to Dubai. I read all the reviews for Oasis Beach Apts. We booked directly with the apartments and was offered its Premier Service at a price much cheaper than Expedia! This included being met at Dubai airport and whisked through customs at record speeds. We arrived at the apartments at 6.30am and although check in is not until 2.00pm, we were checked in on the 33rd floor and offered breakfast before being shown to our apartment before 9.00am. Our 2 bed apt was on on the 39th floor with great views of the Atlantis hotel on the palm and I have to say our enjoyment of the apt was not marred by construction noise. There is plenty construction around the hotel but did not affect our stay. We travelled with our teenage daughter and the apartments offered much needed space - it was basically as described on the website! Our welcome basket included smoked salmon, cheese, bread, milk, water, orange juice, crackers cheese and dates and chocolates - everything a teenager eats for breakfast!!I would definitely return to these apartments. Thanks to Jobi in reservations and all staff for a wonderful stay.	
Jan 10 2009 	great	Fantastic size (160 sqm) two apartments... Just amazing. Good view and great location.	
Jan 5 2009 	Ordinary	The Oasis Tower apartments are spacious and well furnished, providing reasonable value for money. Don't expect too much by way of facilities, the hotel/apartment block is dry (no alcohol served) and in Dubai it is very difficult to organise a take-out. If you have children this can make life difficult if you enjoy the odd glass of wine.On one evening that we stayed in I asked reception for a DVD movie for my son and they informed me that DVD's were only available to custmers paying for the 'premier' services. As we were paying £500 a night for our apartment I felt that they could have been a little more accomodating.Other than that service was ok but nothing special. I would return to the Jumeirah beach area but choose an alternative place to stay.	
Sep 11 2008	Great apartments but dubious location	I have stayed at the Oasis Beach Towers a number of times over the last year or so when I have been in Dubai on business - bookings are made for my by the client. As others say, the apartments are lovely, although it is impossible to open windows in most bedrooms (and I have stayed in various apartments across the property.) However a caution to anyone going on holiday to Dubai, if you choose this property, you are right in the very middle of extensive construction going on around the area - everywhere you look you will see and hear jackhammers and south asian workers out there in the heat. A sit on your balcony will mean you may well be watching lowly paid labourers sweating it out on 12 hour shifts on one of the buildings to the north south east or west of you as you eat your lobster and sip your champagne. Also, you can't walk outside and find a stack of restaurants about - and you cannot walk to them anyway at the moment because the whole area is a construction zone and only recently some restaurants have opened up in the area. So yes, the building you are in is lovely and the apartments want for nothing, but the actual location is not that of a tropical paradise, but of a work in progress.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Place To Stay	stayed at the oasis beach apartments in august 2008, can not fault anything, you get a starter pack containing tea, sugar, coffee, cerals, jam pasta, pasta sauce, milk juice, fruit yogarts, butter and more when you arrive. washing machine, drier, ironing board, iron, hair dryer. basicly you don't need to pack anything, there is a lovely mini market in the shopping mall next to the apartments where you can buy everything you need, there is even a fish and chip shop round the corner from the oasis. apartments were very clean staff are very good and helpful. overall a great place to stay, unfortunaly they are knocking down the oasis beach hotel opposite in september 2008 but have been told that you will still be able to access the beach. great for families , would definatly stay there again. we went with another couple so 4 of us had a 2 bedroom. lots of places to eat on the marinea walk you get free transport from outside the hotel to many shopping centres and other places worth using this facility as long as you book the night before.	
Aug 25 2008 	A real family vacation apartment	Just got back from staying at the OBT apartment for 10days and believe me it was fantastic.We were met upon arrival by the marhaba staff and whisked through immigration thankfully. My family and I booked a 3brm premium apartment but on arrival got upgraded to the 4brm premium apartment. The apartment is truly a home away from home. Very spacious, well equipped and extremely comfortable. The only snag is slowness in room service but otherwise we had a very nice time.We were given free laundry service for up to 10 clothes per day, premium lounge access to drinks, canapes and little servings. The children had fun running around as there was no space constraint at all. Complimentary jelly beans, gummy bears, chocolates, yogurts etc.Upon leaving, we were given two complimentary jeeps to take us to the airport and of course the marhaba service.Couldn't ask for more! We will stay there when next we all go back to dubai!!	
Aug 17 2008	Fantastic place to stay	Stayed at the Oasis beach towers (apartments) it was great! the apartment itself was spacious with a gorgeous view of the beach. The staff friendly, and were there on time to clean the place.The rooms were big, each with big en-suites.The room service food wasnt great, but next to the apartments on the marina walk theres a shopping complex which has places like Subway which delivers 24/7 for free.Free shuttle buses are included and are bang on time.The pools were very nice, quite quiet and its spacious there too. There were 3 pools for the oasis towers and 2 for the hotel. The beach area was pleasant and big and not too crowded.The hotel itself is not close to the city centre, but with taxis and limousines waiting outside at all times it is not a hassle to get there.Would definitely recommend	
Aug 1 2008 	Couldn't choose better for family	We were recommended to stay at these appartments by a friend, and were delighted. Travelling with 2 children, hotels with adjoining rooms were hard to find and prohibitively expensive (no accommodation is cheap in Dubai), and these modern, spacious appartments were a real gem. Welcome was good, unable to have rooms before 3pm, but able to use facilities of Oasis beach hotel opposite in the meantime, so a great breakfast and a few hours swimming later we were settled in. Appartment didn't have a great view, but there is so much building going on in Dubai that unless you are in a premium room anywhere you will see cranes. Insulation was great so no noise, and inside the tower block there were only 4 appartments on each floor, so blissfully quiet. 2 bedroom appt had large bedrooms, 1 with kingsize, 1 with twin single beds, and both with large ensuite bathrooms. Appt had 2 other toilets too! Brand new kitchen with all modern appliances from dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, to expresso machine. Complementary basic food supplies,. Bottled water left in fridge every day (also complementary) appt cleaned every day. large lounge/dining room .Nice outdoor Pool on 2nd floor. Access to beach through hotel.Restaurants nearby, the ones in the Hotel opposite were ok, but expensive for what you got - better to go to Wagamama a few steps from towers.NOTE: I was told that the hotel is being demolished and rebuilt over the next year - not sure if this will affect access to the beach from the Towers appts, but will reduce restaurant options/opportunity for excellent breakfast, and may mean more noise/worse view etc - worth checking with travel company. Also worth booking through travel company as it was less than half the price quoted in Towers own literatureTaxi's cheap into city (about £4 one way - 10 -15mins journey)	
Jul 26 2008	Great Experience	We just came back from a one week in this great fully furnished apartment. My family and I loved everything; the spacious rooms, kitchen, bathrooms, the view, the swiming pools, panoramic elevators, etc.The only concern I had was the slowness in service when requested through the phone. I had to ask 3 times for each request I made. Other than that, the place is wonderful and I will definately come back.	
Jul 1 2008 	Amazing Oasis	I have just come back from the oasis beach apartments. We stayed in the 4 bedroom apartment, on the 17th floor. Stayed from the 24th to the 30th june.The room was beautiful and so spacious, there was everything available, there was a cooker, washing machine, tumble dryer, ironing board, iron, dish washer, also there was a complimentary basket to start off with. Each room had it's own en suite and was very spacious. The view was amazing, also on the 2nd floor there was a swimming pool with a jacuzzi. which is very nice. The only negative comment is, the cleaner never seemed to leave enough towels, as we all use to have 2 showers a day, but that was never a problem to request some more.	
Jun 25 2008 	Loved the Oasis Beach Tower	We cannot say enough about the Oasis Beach Tower Apartments. We stayed on the 45th floor and the view of Dubai and the beach were fantastic. The apartment was spacious, appointed with modern and quality furnishings, and they provided a variety of items for your stay (complimentary). We had access to all of the facilities of the Oasis Beach Hotel. Location is on the new Marina walk, which has access to restuarants, coffee shops and shopping.	
Jun 17 2008 	Brilliant	This was our second visit to the Oasis Beach Hotel but this time we were upgraded to the Tower.There are three different levels of room available - Deluxe, Superior and Premium. We were upgraded to the best level - Premium, it was absolutely amazing! The view from the 41st floor is fantastic especially in the evening.The apartment has everything you could possibly need - washing machine, dryer, iron, board, stocked fridge, coffee machine, Elemis toiletries, 2 flatscreen tv's, Bose sound system, butler service, VIP lounge - anything you could name it was there. The tower probably isn't for people who are not too good with heights as the lifts are glass and you can see straight down!We would definately go back to the tower.	
Jun 10 2008 	best place to stay amazing	stayed before in the oasis beach hotel and this time went back with friend and stay in a 4 bedroom apartement it was simply amazing the quality of the comodation and the service overall the best place i have ever stay i will be back.best views of the gulf	
Jun 8 2008 	Smart 	We have just returned from a 5 night stay here (June 2008) and I definitely recommend it if you are looking for a quality apartment to stay in. The tower is situated in the Marina which is undergoing constant construction but that doesn't detract from very smartly appointed and furnished apartments. We had a 2 bedroom deluxe apartment on the 11th floor, to the side of the tower so there was a partial view of the beach/sea. I would suggest asking for a sea view apartment if possible.The staff were helpful and the service was absolutely fine. There are a number of restaurants, shops etc within the tower complex. If you need a taxi, don't reserve one through the front desk as that results in a private hire 4x4 being booked which is more expensive (e.g., fare to the Burj al Arab is approx. 40dhs which is almost 2x more than the regular fare). There is a taxi rank outside the front to the right hand side so just wait there and jump in a regular cab.There was a 1000dhs &amp; 1500dhs pre-authorisation deposit for the restaurants/bars and room respectively so make sure you have sufficient credit clearance on your card. The card doesn't get charged but they need to know if you have sufficient credit in case. The apartment was impeccably clean, spacious and very tastefully furnished - we're talking dark woods &amp; natural light colours. Our apartment had 2 en suite bedrooms, massive living / dining room, a large fully equipped kitchen, a toilet off the hallway, a laundry room and another toilet off the laundry room. The tower is twinned with the Oasis Beach Hotel directly opposite, which affords complimentary access to the private beach.Overall, a great place to stay and superb value.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great apartment building work a problem	Even though we only had a Deluxe (i.e. basic!) apartment, it was huge and well equipped. We had a couple of problems with 'lost in translation' - e.g. the complimentary bus only goes from the Hotel, not the Tower.We were pleased to get a welcome package of food.I'm not sure I would recommend the Tower once the Hotel closes, as being able to use their beach was a plus - free towel use and lots of sunbeds. However, the Hotel restaurants weren't very good for veggies, so we went to Waggamama's on the 1st floor of the Tower twice. There's also a cafe up there (Champs Elysee), which isn't advertised and we discovered a bit late - however, we got a couple of cheap takeaway pizzas there on our last evening.There is a handy small supermarket in the Tower mall, too.I bet the Tower was fantastic before it started to get hemmed in by Jumeirah Beach Resort - the building work goes on all night, so I would recommend this apartment for someone who wants lots of space, most mod-cons, but not a quiet time!	
Apr 7 2008	My worst holiday Experience	My friends and I stayed in the Oasis Beach Tower apartments. The apartment was very spacious and nice and each room had an ensuite bathroom with ample space and great sea views but that was all that good about it. The service was the worst I have experienced . To start with, we paid for a hotel car to pick us up from the airport, after waiting for almost an hour and after numerous phone calls, it emerged that the driver, picked up the wrong group!!!I do not know if it is because most menial jobs in Dubai are handled by people who are probably paid poorly. On all occassions when we ordered room service, our orders were always mixed up and the staff continously argued with us about what we ordered. The staff did not have a clue about anything. We were meant to board a hotel shuttle that takes you to a point where we could get the city bus tour. On arriving at the hotel reception, we were told that the bus was not due for another 20minutes even though they had given us a timetable. Just as we were about to head back to our rooms, we saw the bus almost leaving and we had to run for it or else we would have missed it and the next one was not due for another hour.To cap it all off, on checking out of the apartment, my visa card was swiped and i was told that the transaction did not go through and my card was not working. My friend had to pay on my behalf. Imagine my shock when I arrived back home to the UK, only to find out that almost 800 pounds had been taken out of my account. Upon numerous calls to the hotel, where they were rude, arrogant and nonchalant, the money is still yet to be reimbursed. I had to involve my bank. BE WARNED, OASIS BEACH TOWER APARTMENT IS THE WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER STAYED. The only consolation is that Dubai has a lot to offer and I shall definitely be returning but not to the same apartment.	
Mar 17 2008 	Loved every minute	Booked the Oasis Beach Hotel through an agent in Dublin. Arrived at the hotel and told we were being up-graded to the Oasis Tower Apartments. My husband, daughter, her partner and our 4 year old grand daughter. We had a 4-bedroomed superior apartment on the 37th floor, wow!! It was superb, fantastic view etc, the apartment had excellent fittings and free goodies in the fridge plus tea and coffee, sweets, chocolate, nuts, pasta etc. We had booked half board in the hotel so we had dinner most nights in the Oregano restaurant, the food was excellent and the 4 year old had her fillet steak every time. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The pool facilities at the tower and hotel were very good for the child. This was our first time in Dubai and we all enjoyed it immensely. The shopping malls are just out of this world. There is a tremendous amount of building going on but this did not detract from the holiday in any way.	
Mar 15 2008	Good 4 star but not quite 5 star	apartments in a good position ,bad to beat in my opinion at this time in dubai had superior 21st floor,partial palm view, partial sea view , partial marina view, full building opposite view,booked through dubai biz.com couple hundred pounds cheaper than anyone else. paid in dollars to get better exchange rate,but company charged 3.5% cc charge which is incredibly high,between 1 to 2% is enough, 3 .5 just outragiousfurnishings very good,welcome pack was more than adaquate, small supermarket now opened on ground floor very cheap, 1.25 dirhams can of pepsi, bunch of nanas 3 dirhams etc,beds are amazing, possibly the most comfortable beds ive ever used, bedrooms, bathrooms, first class,taxis outside no problem except for around 17.00 to 18.00 bit of a wait,pool was ok, like warm bath, no umberellas and tall buildings , with crane sitting very close,put it into shade after 15.00full use of oasis beach, which is reasonable 4 star, but very busy on friday and saturday with loads of day paying guests, which i feel is unfair for hotel users,frankie dettori / marco white restaurant at ground level,the minus points,it certainly is 5 star for size of rooms and quality of furnishings, bathrooms etc,the pool is not 5 star,and the rooms are not that well soundproofed,also i had to ring front desk to remind them they were supposed to ring me for early call if you catch my drift,plus they were 20 minutes late doing room check, and i had to ask them or remind them that they had to do thisnot what you need at 04.30 in the morning,	
Mar 9 2008 	Great Place to stay at we loved every minute	We have just come back from dubai. We were located on the 13th floor and had a partial sea view room on a two bedroom apartment. The apartment was superply furnished, with top range fittings and furniture and decorated to a very high standard. Can't think of how they could have done a better job, and everything you can think of is provided for you. The rooms were huge and both rooms were en-suite, there was a maids room and another toilet. The apartment was cleaned for us everyday, with linen and towels changed, the place was kept immaculatley clean for us, while we were out enjoying the sun. When you arrive you are taken to your apartment and are shown around the apartment and are made to feel very welcomed. WE JUST COULD'NT FAULT THE SERVICE. If you want a stress free holiday, want to be near to the beach, I mean across the road from it, close to all local amenities by taxi, then the oasis beach tower apartments is ideal. We had our two year old with us and he loved it as there was so much space for him to run around in the apartment. We are already planning a trip back to the place. Dubai itself is amazing, very clean and so much to do. There is alot of building work going on, but don't let this put you off as what they are buildiing out there will also amaze you. There is building work going on around the apartments which we could see , but we could'nt here any noise at night and it did'nt effect our holiday. Dubai is the place to go and see.	
Feb 22 2008 	Oasis Beach Tower - a fantastic holiday	We're a family of four (two older children) and have never been to Dubai before. After this break it'll be top of our list. The weather helped - between 24 and 32 degrees through the week - and the unbelievable backdrop of new Dubai was amazing, but the Oasis Tower was a wow. We had a two bed premium apartment, the 'premium' bringing some great benefits. Like being collected at the airport (and return) by the Marhaba 'meet and greet' service that whisks weary travellers through immigration, collects your cases on a golf buggy, and to your courtesy car to the hotel. The Tower was amazing. 50 storeys of glittering glass with a breathtaking elevator. The Personal Butler greeted us at the 33rd floor, gave us a free breakfast while we were checked in, and got us into our room at 10.45am - many hours before scheduled. The apartment was huge - large kitchen, gigantic sitting room area, with balcony, two massive bedrooms, a 'maid's room' which we used for luggage etc, separate wardrobes outside bedroom, two beautiful bathrooms en-suite, a separate toilet and shower room, and another loo. We could all go at the same time!! Furniture, fixtures, fittings - top class (eg BOSE sound system); beds were so comfy we collapsed into them at night. Air con quiet and efficient. Balcony view was a bit frightening (but safe) as we were on the 35th floor. We had the least view of the gulf, but from our balcony had a 70 degree view of the Jumeriah Palm and beach, and a 110 degree view of Dubai Marina - still building it but fascinating and quiet - no problems. We had a welcome pack of food in the apartment, which was great. The premium apartments come with complimentary breakfast and we ordered this each night and took it in our apartment (they deliver to the minute you ask) - if you order plenty for four you'll never need to buy milk or juice, and have lots left over for snacks later in the days. The breakfast included things like Rice crispies, Cornflakes or Coco Pops - important when you have kids. Oh, and English bread to use in your toaster! The butler service sounds posey but they just help you - they booked all our excursions and kept us informed. The Oasis Beach Hotel is a 1 minute walk opposite and has good restuarants (including a chinese, italian and the 'arabian buffet' style - all excellent) - plus a nightclub (no external noise and piano bar. The beach club (free to Tower residents) was superb; warm pools (including one with a bar at water level!), lots of free sunbeds, free towels, and a glorious soft sandy beach - you can walk about a km each direction on the beach itself, and there are are boat trips, camel rides, water sports etc to hand. We had a great speedboat trip to the Burj al Arab; brilliant photo-op. The beach club also has a tennis court, table tennis and beach volleyball court, plus a great beachside restaurant which became our daily coffee and lunch haunt - ask for Nelson! The location at Dubai marina is superb for beaches, but is some way off the centre of Dubai - can take 30 to 60 mins in a taxi depending on time of day, but these are so cheap, and reliable. The drivers know their stuff and I always felt safe. They are very courteous. The location is great if you do excursions as many of them are more accessible from the marina. And you're near the Mall of the Emirates and Ibn Battuta Mall (my preference). You're about 30 mins from the Al Karama area if you want to do cheap rip off shopping - good fun. All in all, this was a great trip - we all agreed the whole thing was probably the best holiday we'd had. The staff were so friendly, courteous and helpful they were the icing on the cake (and no, they don't hover for tips but you should give them one anyway). Totally recommended.	
Jan 21 2008 	Outstanding - probably the best in Dubai at present. (Jan 08)	We (family of four) have stayed in what are probably the best two Hotel Apartments in Dubai in the last 6 weeks, the new Emirates Marina and the Oasis Beach Tower, so it's interesting to compare the two.I'm actually sitting in our apartment on the 47th floor of the Oasis Beach Tower as I write this looking out over the Marina and the beach (using the free internet connection provided in the apartment).The Superior 2 bedrooom apartment is sensational. Very spacious, very well fitted out with almost everything you could need. There is some construction nearby, as there is almost anywhere along the beachfront in Dubai at the moment, but it is inaudible from the apartment which is a relief (we stayed at the Emirates Marina last month and it was very noisy - construction starts before dawn!). A major plus for the Oasis apartments is little things like a complimentary tray of basic foodstuff (breakfast cereal, bread, jam, chocolate, pasta and jar of sauce, coffee, teas and sugar), a bowl of fresh fruit and milk (UHT), orange juice and butter in the fridge. These few things are enough to get you started when you first arrive (we arrived at 4am). They do also have a limited 24 hour room service menu. There was also a box of washing powder to use in the front load washing machine in the apartment.Another really helpful service is a free supermarket shopping service with a check list of basic goods in the apartment. There is not a supermarket in sight so it would probably require a car/taxi trip to do it yourself. The Oasis does also keep some basic items on the premises, but not fresh food/milk.Oasis apartment guests have free use of the Oasis Hotel which is beach front, located directly opposite the entrance to the apartment tower. The hotel has pools, incl 1-2 or small children, a private beach and water sports, tennis court, sauna, and possibly other facilities which we didn't notice. The hotel also has several restaurants and is very child friendly. The hotel restaurants seem to be of a good standard and reasonably priced with good service. There is a also a Marco Pierre White restaurant in the ground floor of the appt tower.To sum up, the Oasis Beach Tower Apartments (at least the one we stayed in) is not only cheaper than the nearby Emirates Marina Apartments, is also better in terms location, facilities, quieter and the management are more thoughtful.	
Jan 1 2008 	An Amazing Stay	I have not stayed in many places that live up to the Oasis Beach Tower's standard. Firstly upon arrival we were checked in smoothly without any fuss and were shown to our room. Well, what can i say, the apartment was amazing. It was tastefully decorated and made the most of the sunlight which beamed through the windows. We were on the 30th floor and the view was great, we looked over Jumeriah beach and the Palm. Although a building close to the tower was in the final stages of construction it did not seem to bother us. We had a two bedroom apartment which was more space than we needed! The apartment was massive.The pool deck on the tower is luxurious, with two pools and two hot tubs which all can be used. One was heated and this was needed as in the afternoon the pool became shaded. Also there is annother building under construction behind the tower, this meant that we had a crane to wathch while sunbaving!Guests are allowed to use the Oasis Beach Hotel's facilities, honestly i was expecting a bit more from this hotel. It seemed dated and quite tacky. Although we enjoyed the resturants the pool at the beach hotel was packed and every space was filled with a sun lounger.We ventured out nearly every night and took a taxi quite frequently to the Marina Walk. This was a great place to eat and relax with many options for a good meal. I would not reccomend the Chinese as it made me ill one night ! You cannot walk anywhere as alot of the roads are being worked on, but the taxis are very cheap and efficient.Overall i would reccomend the Tower to any visitors to the city. We had a wounderfull stay but be aware that there is a lot of construction underway in Dubai. I think most people (like us) wouldn't find it a problem.	
Jan 1 2008 	5 star hotel apartments	I have just returned from a 1 week visit to Oasis Beach Towers. Booked again through Best at Travel. Flight: BA105/104. Not impressed at all. Seats are so squashed together especially if the passenger in front hits the recline…get ready to limbo! Food was awful. I am sticking to Emirates in future. Seven of us booked into a 3 bed deluxe. Upgraded to a 4 bedroom, and checked in by 8am. This could not have been better. The 4 bedroom apartments actually have an additional maid’s room, so you have 5 bedrooms and 6 useable toilets check out the website for floor plans at [--] These apartments are superbly presented, with quality furniture, fixture and fittings. 42” Flat screen TV in the main lounge, smaller one in main bedroom, internet connection, DVD, CD, coffee maker, well equipped kitchen with ALL utensils and Washing/Drying facilities. You also get a complimentary breakfast pack on arrival with milk and bread in the fridge. If you need anything else tick a supplied list and they bring it for you from the local supermarket. We went over Xmas break and weather was a decent 25-27c. You will need some long sleeves for late evenings and as normal dress appropriately in the air conditioned malls. Breakfast (up to 11am) is taken at the Oasis Beach Hotel lower floor (Bazaar), which is a short walk from the towers. We did eat at Oregano - a Mediterranean farmhouse restaurant which was fine. The pools at the OBT were literally unoccupied during our stay. Construction is everywhere in Dubai, and the adjacent Jumeirah Beach Residence is nearing completion. We took a walk down the beach past The Ritz-Carlton and LRM and towards The Habtoor Grand. The ongoing offshore construction down the far end is getting a bit noisy and is affecting the sea views of these hotels. The OBT does have its own fixed rate taxi. This is ok for transporting 7 people as you need 2 taxis which works out more. Cost is 50 AED to Mall of Emirates, and quoted 95AED to Meena Bazaar.. Just be careful as a single taxi ride an be cheaper. The OBH do run a free shuttle service periodically throughout the day which is well worth taking advantage of. It was interesting to know that the cleaner told us the dated OBH is earmarked for demolition next year. In Dubai terms this is now a “dated” hotel, and will make way for a luxury hotel with more floors. Some members are sometimes upgraded on arrival to the OBT…take it gladly. You will get the advantage of a quality spacious apartment with additional room(s) and a kitchen!Taxi Rides: Ibn Battuta Mall15 dirhams away, Mall of Emirates 25 dirhams, Bur Dubai 50 dirhams and Marina Walk (Spinneys) 7 dirhams.  Went to the Spice Souk this time, and this is worth a visit. The inner streets contain quite a few sports shops, and some will allow you to purchase goods at wholesale cost. Copy football kits/trainers/ boots etc. We took the Abra water taxi across to Meena Bazaar (1 Dirham per person!) Overall worth going over Christmas, but as many know for accommodation this is one of the peak times in Dubai. If you want the 5 star luxury of an hotel apartment, you can't go wrong with this one.	
Dec 4 2007 	Loved the tower	Hi AllMyself and my husband have just returned from a week at Oasis Beach Tower. We were very fortunate to be upgraded to the tower as we had booked the hotel. We were given a two bedroom apartment for two of us and it was superb. The lounge is huge and also has a flat screen TV. There is a seperate kitchen with all you need, large oven, hob, dishwasher, fridge freezer, coffee machine and washer drier. We only used the coffee maker as the meals out were great.The bedrooms were great the master bedroom had two queen beds together, sheets big enough to cover them both with two duvets, also another flat screen TV. It had an ensuite plus dressing area, the en suite had a seperate shower, bath with shower over it , toilet, bidet and wash hand basin.The second bedroom which we did not use had two beds(seperated) and an en suite, it had a bath with shower over it, toilet and wash hand basin. There was also a seperate area that has a wet room, shower toilet and washand basin, and outside this was a room for keeping cases and also a drying area.Near the front door was also a seperate toilet and wash hand basin. In total there were 4 toilets and 4 showers( for 2 of us).The fridge when we arrived was stocked with loads of water, sparking and still, lots of different soft drinks also smoked salmon,pate,bread and I cannot remember the rest.We were also supplied with coffee, tea, chocolate,sweets,pasta and sauce which we were told was all complimentary. The water was always re stocked as was the coffee.We also had an area on the 33rd floor that we could go to at any time to get Tea coffee soft drinks or sandwiches. We could also have a continental breakfast on this floor or go to the hotel for a full breakfast( we had booked in half board).Because we had booked in as club class we were entitled to use the computers on various floor free of charge, this was good to keep in touch with home.I would recommend this hotel to anybody even when it is in the middle of a building site.The taxis were cheap to go anywhere and the mall I would recommend is Madinat, also the gold and spice souks. The rest of the malls are the same as we see at home, and also the same sort of prices. We will definately be going back.	
Nov 25 2007	Great place for a break in the sun	We have just returned from a four day break in Dubai and had a great time at this property. It is not one of the best known names along Jumeirah Beach but it was in a convenient location for everything we needed. Taxis are very reasonable and the door men got one for us every time without a wait. We are 4 friends and therefore split the cost of the apartment 4 ways and that made it great value. I think it would be quite pricey if paying the total as one family.Pleasantly surprised when they let us check in early for no charge (we arrived on the overnight flight from London at 9am) and we had booked a 3 bed apt but they upgraded us to a 4 bed so we had one ensuite room each. The view from the apartment was spectacular and it was increadibly spacious and well equipped. Next time I think I'd go for a Superior instead of Premium because we didn't really need a Butler! The Beach facilities at the Oasis Beach Hotel are very good and just a short walk across the road. We've just booked another stay for next November (good time of year - not too hot). We found the staff friendly and helpful and there's a shopping mall opening up next door soon too. No bar in the apartments but &quot;Frankies&quot; next door does great cocktails for a nightcap!	
Nov 6 2007 	Luxury apartments with wonderfull view	We travelled as a group of three. Our fight was top notch (Emirates) from Newcastle. On arrival at Dubai our transfer from the aircraft to the terminal was by bus taking approx 20 mins (lots of construction at the airport). Meet by rep and taken to our hotel transfer vehicle. Half hour journey to hotel where we where meet by hotel staff at the Oasis Beach Hotel. Found the staff very helpful, even at 1am in the morning and escourted across the road to the Tower Apartments. Quick booking in and to our 15th floor apartment. Wow beautiful apartment, absolutely hugh. We had a two bedroom apartment with on suite to both rooms and a maids room. Big problem in the daylight, no seaveiw as requested on booking also a very close view of the building still under construction next to the towers. We were informed by staff that the 2 bed apartments were not with sea view (this will be taken up with the travel agent) but the staff were very accomodating and we were shown other rooms, still two beds. We chose one on the 48th floor which gave unbelievable views including of the sea. Our stay was half board and the food in the hotel was second to none. 32 degrees sea temperature is wonderful. Our holiday in Dubai was excellent but you have to try and ignore the constuction going on all around you. It never was intrusive to our holiday and from the 48th floor was quite fansinating to watch. We will go back but will give it a couple of years for the construction to finish.	
Nov 4 2007 	Apartments amazing hotel service diabolical	I have been going to Dubai for holidays for 11 years now. I ususally book at the last mo. The apartments were all we could manage to find available this year. I had stayed at the Oasis Beach hotel the previous year so knew it wasnt going to be the best. The Apartments sounded amazing so we (myself plus 2 other families) gave it a try. We were not dissappointed......with the apartments. The hotel its service and staff are very slow and tired. Much worse than we remembered from the previous year.. We had a 4 bedroom apartment on the 33rd floor, premium lounge, do not pay the extra for this as its a complete waste. The canapes were very poor, no alcohol in the building either so there were no pre dinner cocktails or champagne, as is usual in a premium lounge. The afternoon tea is just a couple of Arabian sweet biscuits, no finger sandwiches or scones, as is normal in all the other hotels Ive stayed in over the last 11 years. Breakfast service in both the premium lounge and the hotel is dreadful. Continental in the premium lounge, no good for families, good choice in hotel for breakfast as long as your prepared to wait for tables, then a coffee cup, then some coffee to put in it, oh and if you want a teaspoon prepare to be there most of the day. Dont even think about asking for some cutlery!Ive met a couple of families who stay at the hotel year after year, I really dont know why, I just know we 3 families for sure will not be returning.	
Oct 29 2007	Fantastic hotel/appartments	Stayed on a company weekend, had a 4 bedroomed 4 bathroomed apartment shared with three colleagues. Apartment was superb, excellent quality and all rooms very big, particularly the lounge/dining area. Sea view, lovely. Generally the service was OK, not brilliant by any standards. The staff are all very pleasant, just slow, especially in the bars and restaurants. But then I have been to the middle east before and know what to expect. The staff here are no worse or better than those generally found in the region. However, if you are in a hurry, forget ordering food. If your in holiday mode, and chilling, then it's great. Restaurants were good, great food. The beach is to die for, and the water superb. The weather of course just great, temp in the 30's, sun all day.	
Oct 21 2007 	Fanatstic stay	Oasis beach tower apartments dubaiOctober 2007I have just returned from a fabulous stay in the oasis beach tower apartments! I booked the apartments direct in June 2007 and got a great deal. We booked a&quot; premium apartment &quot;which gave us many extras. We were greeted by a Marhaba representative at Dubai airport and she escorted us through passport control to our 2 chauffuer driven bmws. On arrival at the apartments our butler called asking if we needed anything to let him know. (Tyrone was his name!) We had a fanatastic food welcome pack with various cold drinks, smoked salmon etc. We had access to the premium lounge and could have lunch, afternoon tea, canapes and cold drinks anytime in the lounge. We had free dry cleaning/laundry service, a driver for 3 hours to go shopping, elemis tolietries etc etc. The apartment was spacious with 3 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms and fully equiped with washing machine/dryer, iron, coffee machine, microwave etcI have stayed in Dubai a number of times in executive or tower rooms in nearby hotels but these apartments were much superior to any other rooms. Half board was also included and we could eat in any of the hotel resturants. The oregano in the Oasis beach hotel was great and soon became our favourite!Would I stay here again? Most difinitely!!We were in Dubai during Ramadam and we loved the fact that the malls stayed open until 12mid or 1am! Its does mean that there is no music in hotels etc and things are much quieter-but with 6 girls we made our own noise!A word of warning-The apartments do not serve alcohol and we found wine very expensive in the resturants-so stock up at the duty free!! We also had a problem at check in as they wanted to block the full amount of the stay on my credit card. My company would not authorise it without previously advising them and I found this situation embarassing as it appeared that i did not have enough credit on my card-which was not the case. We resolved the matter by each person paying a their portion of their stay-so beware!!	
Sep 22 2007 	Great for families	Moved here after a couple of days at a hotel in the old city and my family loved this place so much we are already thinking of coming back in 2008.Excellent service right from the reception and the Apartments are LUXURIOUS &amp; spacious - a genuine home away from home. If you want the services of a hotel while staying in a place that feels like home, this is the place.If you stay in the premium Apt., you also get the complimentary Marhaba service at the Airport on departure - a great way to end your holiday.	
Sep 16 2007 	Fantastic holiday	Having relied on reviews on trip advisor to make my holiday choices I felt I must share my views of the Oasis Beach Tower Apartments and Dubai. The apartments exceeded all our expectations, we paid for a 2 bedroom Deluxe and were upgraded to a 3 bedroom, it was huge, 4 bathrooms (including the maids room) and also a guest W.C. (5 toilets in all) unbelievable. The kitchen was lovely and had every appliance needed, including dishwasher, washing machine and tumble dryer, there was also a welcome tray provided, a lovely touch with enough supplies for the first few days including Kellog's Cornflakes and fresh fruit.Everywhere was spotless and the housekeeping staff were very pleasant and always very helpful. The staff in all areas are to be commended very highly, they were so helpful and friendly; they could not do enough for you.We stayed on a room only basis and ate breakfast daily in the hotel's Bazaar restaurant, here the staff were excellent, quickly getting to know our names and addressing us by our names each morning. The choice of food was excellent with fresh fruit, even a juicemaker to make your own juice, cereals, porridge (highly recommended) and a full choice of cooked food including pork sausages and bacon. We also had 2 evening meals in the Oregano restaurant and they were 2 of the nicest meals we have ever had (quite expensive, but worth every penny).Now on to Dubai itself, what can I say except we are going back again next year and every year after that. It really does spoil you for travelling anywhere else. Everywhere you go is luxurious, the people are friendly and the shopping is out of this world. There is so much to do for everyone and with Dubailand coming in the next few years there will be even more to do, too much for 2 weeks holiday. Ski Dubai in the Mall of the Emirates is amazing, our older 2 kids skied while the wee one threw snowballs at his Dad, it's quite unbelievable,especially when it's 50 degrees outside. Speaking of the heat, yes it is VERY HOT but everywhere is air-conditioned and you can easily get a reprieve from the heat. The shopping malls are all amazing and there are some great bargains during the summer shopping festivals but there are a lot of very expensive shops so for most people it's window shopping only. The Ibn Battutta Mall, only 10 mins from the OBT is beautiful, it's so big you can get a golf buggy to the back of the mall and then shop your way back to the main entrance. The Lamcy Plaza is a far smaller mall but good for bargains, excellent supermarket on top floor,not too big but with all you could need and all the brands you know.Ladies treat yourselves to some fabulous jewellery and go to the Meena Bazaar area in downtown Dubai and have some exquisite clothes hand-made, the hand-made suits and shirts for the men are also great value. Just watch out for your luggage weight restriction on the way home.  The Desert Safari is also a fantastic experience not to be missed but only if you have a strong stomach, definitely not to be recommended to those who get car sick or don't like roller coasters. We did ours in a Hummer which added to the whole experience, the kids loved it.GO AND ENJOY!!	
Sep 9 2007 	Second time here and looking to come back	This was our second time staying in a 3br apartment at this hotel and again it was wonderful. We had a package that included breakfast and dinner at any one of the Oasis Beach Resort's restaurants and stayed for 5 nights. Our room overlooked Jumeirah beach and was first class. The fridge was stocked with supplies to help us settle in, we bought quite a few of our own goodies to stock the full sized fridge with, including a few bevvies to watch the sun go down with. There is a fully stocked kitchen including a very flash and easy to use capachino machine. It is directly across the road from the beach and you can use both the Oasis tower's pools and the Oasis beach resort. A week here is very peaceful and I swear it was like I had 2 weeks off.	
Aug 27 2007 	Absolutely Fabulous	Well what can I say the OB Towers are amazing, we stayed in a 4 bedroom premium apartment which had a big wow factor, there was so much space considering there was 9 of us we all had plenty of room. We also had our own butler on call, Ankur was ours and he was fantastic.Each bedroom had its own en suite bathroom the rooms are big so are the bathrooms, there was also a maids room with another bathroom, a very big kitchen with a utility room, a guest w.c. the living room and dining room was massive we also had a balcony, a bit of a worry as we were on the 37th floor. the furniture was comfortable so were the beds, they were huge.Club Lounge was great, it was nice to have a coffee anytime, there were 4 food presentations a day, but they are not on display like some hotels, this is the only club lounge I have been too, that does not serve alcohol in the evening with the canapes, they have 2 laptops with free internet. the staff in the club were very good. they do a great airport service with Marhaba meet &amp; greet service, and great cars, to &amp; from the airport.You are also allowed 10 pieces of complimentary laundry a day , also once a week you have use of a complimentary limo to take you shopping and they pick you up after 3 hours don't think this is long enough for some ladies (my daughter) LOL.	
Aug 22 2007	OBT Aug 07 Hol	Just got back from a 7 night stay in the Oasis Beach Tower. We (family of 5 - kids age 10, 8 and 2) stayed in a 2 bedroom Premium apartment which was fantastic! Everyone in the Tower from check-in to security staff were all superb and extremely friendly.We never return to the same place but we are already planning on going back next easter!Top Banana place!!Only down side were the staff in the Oasis Hotel Bazaar restaurant. Very under staffed and as a result the staff are stressed and miserable.Ignore anyone who says the Tower is bad, they must be on a different planet!	
Aug 20 2007 	Excellent Excellent Excellent - Did I Say Excellent	We have just returned from a week at the Oasis Beach Towers in Dubai. The Apartment we stayed in is magnificent and we have the service was excellent. This was as expected as we also stayed in the same hotel one year before and we were not disappointed that we made the same decision again.We loved the apartment so much that we felt as if we were at home. (i.e. we made the usual mess) but always found the room clean when we returned from our shopping trips or swimming.We had breakfast one our twice and decided to skip a few days so we could enjoy Lunch elsewhere (Breakfast Buffet was incredible that it usally ruined Lunch for us :) )I would definitly recommend families to stay at the Oasis Beach Towers.	
Jul 27 2007 	Quality and Luxury	Oasis Beach TowerThis was a business trip so a premium apartment was selected – and it was worth it. The extras add luxury to a quality hotel. The escorted transfer through the airport was surreal for a VUP (although the baggage handlers had the last word). On return, the executive lounge was a treat with a complete range of snacks including cooked buffet breakfast.The Oasis Beach Tower Premium lounge is a marvellous meeting place with efficient friendly staff; food and drink readily available; more than adequate internet access and a terrific view over many building sites (This is not a criticism). Next year, I suspect Marina Mall and it’s adjoining hotel directly across the Marina from the Oasis Beach Tower will be nearing completion, many of the towers being built will be finished, many will be almost finished (delayed) and many new ones will be well on their way including the three Bay Central towers between the Oasis Beach Tower and the Marina.The apartments are spacious, have fantastic views of the sea and Jumeirah Palm and are comprehensively equipped. A week is not long enough to try all the equipment and a month is not long enough to get through the welcome ‘tray’. The two specialist restaurants in the hotel are very good (food and service), the Bazaar serving buffet food less so by comparison.The overriding impression is that we have been spoilt by the marvellous staff, overfed, treated with far more respect than we deserve and we can’t wait to go back.	
Jul 27 2007 	Paradise at last!	Eureka! They've done it! We found everything excellent and efficient at the Oasis Beach Tower Hotel. All is provided to make guests as comfortable and as happy as possible. Every single member of the staff made us feel welcome and did his or her best to help if anything was needed, like the fresh ginger my older son wanted at breakfast every morning for the juicing machine! The hotel restaurant, the Bazaar, offers breakfast, lunch and themed dinner buffets. There was always a good range of fresh food, including some organic and yes, at breakfast there is that juicing machine my son liked so much, surrounded by a tempting array of ready prepared healthy fruit and vegetables.We had a 2 bedroom Superior apartment on the 43rd floor of the Beach Tower hotel. This was high spec. accommodation, very spacious and very clean. We had a sea view and though this was only partial, it was sufficient and amazing.The beds were most comfortable and all the equipment, 2 LCDs, DVD player, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and drier were new and worked. Ditto the computers in the guest lounges. Much appreciated was the free hotel mini-bus rides to sites of interest like the Heritage Village and to the malls and souks. There were also golf-carts, if wanted, to take us from the Tower to the beach or to just cross over to the hotel.Extensive meticulously groomed palm-shaded hotel lawns, (with plenty of clean, comfortable sunbeds and ample supplies of beach towels!), a beautiful stretch of white sandy beach, a warm turquoise sea and far from the madding crowd.....what else could anyone want!	
Jul 23 2007 	A taste of Heaven	We were originally booked to stay in two triple rooms at the Oasis Beach Hotel, there were six of us. Upon arrival at the hotel we we asked if we would like a free upgrade. Would we!!!We were given a 4 bedroom, 5 bathroom luxury apartment in the Oasis Beach Towers. We were on the 19th floor and the views were out of this world. Our half board (breakfast and dinner) was still included in the upgrade. I am a very fussy eater and the array of food in this buffet was unbelievable. If you couldn't find something to eat there would have to be something wrong with you. The staff could not have been more helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Free internet access, a magnificent private pool at the Towers and we were also able to access all the facilities at the hotel. Very reasonable price, I would have paid twice as much in Melbourne for the same accommodations. Will definitely go back.	
Jul 21 2007 	Faboulour home away from home	Not the first time I have stayed here and won't be the last. I am always in Dubai for work and I am very use to the construction work going on 24 hours/day so I tend not to get too upset about this as the Oasis Beach Tower Apartment building is surrounded by construction. Never-the-less if you're looking for a great place to base yourself to work (and/or take the family) then this is worth considering. Firstly it's not cheap then again nothing in Dubai really is, but it is very good. Last time I stayed on the 44th floor which is a long way up, this time I'm down on the 18th, but the roomsare exactly the same..... huge and very modern. Apartment is cleaned every day just like a hotel, kitchen has everything to look after yourself, suggest if you are arriving late to accept their food package if you think you're going to be hungry, it's good value. Apartment is enormous by most standards and fittings are excellent quality unlike some places, although the washing machine is quite complicted even if it looks simple to use - read the instructions several times and ask if you are not sure. Bed in master bedroom is one of the best I have ever slept in not to mentioned the largest, easy to get 10hrs/night without even trying (you've been warned!) Airconditioning is excellent and there are a number of controls throughout the apartment. This is important, it gets very hot and humid in Dubai, you won't survive long without it! Beach is just a short walk across the road to the Oasis Beach Resort (not the same place as the Tower Apartments and older but the properties are related) however the water can be very hot (33c some days) so unless you like a hot spa, stay indoors or use the pool where the water is cooled, yes cooled. Overall a very comfortable place to stay with car parking underneath and direct access to all apartment floors. Small supermarket close by on the other side of the Dubai Marina for all your supplies, drive, it's a bit too far to walk.	
Jul 10 2007 	Loved It!	Fabulous luxury apartments, which have been set up for self-catering if desired. We are a family of 5, and had 2 friends join us from London. We were upgraded to a 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom apartment on the 44th floor with amazing views. Very big rooms with a large kitchen and lounge room. We had access to the beach, restaurants and city transport through the hotel complex. The staff are very friendly. Being July we were in Dubai at the height of their summer (41 on most days), but did not find this to be too much of a problem. We loved the beach (temperature around 32) and the pools were chilled to approximately 28 degrees). Would definately recommend the Oasis Beach Towers to anyone - forget the Oasis Beach Hotel!	
Jun 10 2007 	Luxury highly recommended.	How anyone can have any grumbles about this place is totally beyond me.We were met at the airport by the driver the hotel had arranged. Despite arriving at 9am our apartment was ready immediately.When booking our trip we had the choice of a family room at one of the swankier hotels in Dubai or a 2 bedroom apartment at the Oasis Beach Tower, we were adviced that the Tower would provide more space for our family of 4 and I'm so glad that we took the advice. Upon booking in we were upgraded to a 3 bedroom apartment (without asking) and were shown around by one of the super friendly and helpful reception staff.The welcome pack of bread, cold meat, cereal, water and fruit juice was excellant and just what we needed after the 7 hour flight. The views from the 12th floor apartment were superb. You can imagine how good they are from the other floors right up to the top 50th floor.The apartment was all on one level and was very spacious and immaculately clean. The amount of space put our 3 bed semi at home to shame. We needed some provisions one day, only some milk, water, bread etc so we filled in the form that reception give you to order stuff from the supermarket. The hotel go and get it for you free of charge. We gave them the form at 6pm and by the time we'd got back that evening at 10pm all the shopping had been bought and put away in the fridge.The kitchen (not that we ever cooked!) is huge and well stocked with a fridge freezer, cooker, toaster, coffee machine and very helpfully a washing machine and tumble drier so we could save on the amount of washing to be done on our return.We were on a bed and breakfast basis and breakfast is taken over at the Oasis Beach Hotel which is a stones throw towards the beach. Breakfast choice is enormous, full English, porridge, fruit, cold meats, pancakes, waffles, omlettes etc. There is actually various stations in the breafast area where they will cook eggs, omlettes or pancakes for you while you briefly wait.You also get to use the OBH facilities, the beach and pool etc. But the Tower has it's own 2nd floor pool complex which is great. One advantage of this area is the fact that it goes increasingly into shade from about 2.30 so if you want to avoid the sun you can but also continue sunbathing in a different part of the poolside if you still need to get some rays.So far as building work is concerned, don't worry about it at all. Dubai has building work going on all around it and it's not something that you can miss really. Travellers that whine about it really need to plan their trips abit better. If you don't like to see cranes on half built sky scrapers then don't go to Dubai until 2015 or beyond but you'll have missed out on so much. All the property within a stones throw of this hotel in 90% finished. The Oasis Beach Tower is in the Dubai Marina area and there is lots of unobtrusive work going on over the road at the rear of the hotel but it's far enough away not to be heard. But don't shy away from it, embrace it, sit and watch it for half an hour or so, it's part of history being built and is facinating. The work goes on 24/7 but we didn't hear a thing at night even though we were on a relatively low floor.All in all I couldn't recommend the Tower more highly. All the staff are very helpful and friendly and the complex is in a great location. The actual building itself is so impressive.Having a huge 3 bedroom apartment instead of squashing into a family room really made our holiday and we would certainly return.	
Jun 4 2007 	Fantastic Place	We stayed at the Towers at the end of May and were very impressed.The accommodation was a three bedroom apartment on the 45th floor with breathtaking views across the sea and to the right the Jumariah palm. Because we were so high up and sea facing I did not suffer from any on the construction work, the 20 storey building being built to the left of the towers (facing) which previous people had mentioned is nearly complete and I would imagine the building work is therefore no where near as bad as previously ( easy for me to say when I perched on the 45th looking down!)The apartment was spotless and very luxurious with a kitchen including dish washer, washing machine and every cooking utensil known to man. The pool on the second floor is great, and is mostly shaded from mid afternoon and therefore providing respite from the merciless sun. The life guards are extremely vigilant ( and at the oasis beach hotel) so I didn’t have to do the usual dad sitting on the edge of the pool watching the kids trick.You can use all the facilities at the Ocean Beach Hotel which is a great hotel, I would suggest that you look at the reviews on trip advisor – They all seem to be good I did have a bit of a turn in one of the restaurants though, I thought my 1980’s excesses had come back to haunt me in the form of the mother of all flashbacks when sitting to my left was Martin Fry from ABC and behind me Tony Hadley of Spandau Ballet. Thankfully they were playing a gig out there so I did not have to commit myself to a lunatic asylum. If you are naive enough to think that a self catering apartment in a Muslim country will have a mini bar then you will be disappointed. Should you wish to have alcohol for the apartment then I would suggest that you stock up on the handily placed duty free next to the baggage collection at Dubai Airport, you will not be able to buy the devils liquor from anywhere in Dubai if you are not a resident (leaving aside licensed bars in hotels etc). When I originally looked at the Beach Towers I could find no information as to whether there was a supermarket nearby – there is not. The reception provide a short list of food items which they will readily get for you, however these are pretty limited. There is no supermarket in the immediate vicinity, however this may change in the future as the complex opposite the Hilton Hotel is almost complete and there will no doubt be shopping opportunities there. You best bet is to either pop on the free shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates or get a taxi ( about 20 – 30 dirham – Try to use the metered taxi’s as the hotels own are not and they are more expensive) where there is a huge Carrefour Hypermarket to cater for all your food shopping.One point to note if you are thinking about taking your brood to Wild Wadi, and your child is over 1.1 meters they will have to pay full adult price ( mine are 7- twins and 8 respectively) as a result the day was very expensive however the pay off is that they can go on practically anything without the usual adult accompaniment that you would expect elsewhere.Overall I was very impressed with the room and service, the people were very friendly and attentive, I will defiantly be returning ( although staying clear of the sheesha!)	
Apr 17 2007 	Worlds Biggest Building Site	Too much BuildingNo Drinks Liscence - so no mini Bar - nothing Terrible Room Service Menu and 45 minutes to be servedYou cannot have anything from the Hotel Restaurants in your room, food has to come from elsewhere.The Staff were rudeThe room was nicely furnished the 24 hour view of the workers toilets was not. There was never any sun on the balconcy because of the building, no veiw of the sea.Didnt like it at all	
Apr 3 2007 	Fantastic apartment!!	Beeing third time in Dubai, we spent a short week in the Oasis Beach Tower betwen the 22-29th March. Travelling with two kids - 10 and 1 year old -, and 3 adults, we booked a 2 bedroom apt. Arrived late night, very tired, and we got a room on the 17th floor. I also asked a baby bed, and was a bit disappointed, that it was not ready yet, though I mentioned via email, knowing we'll arrive late. Luckily the little girl was ok, and our luggages arrived very quick. The first sight of the apt was breathtaking! So clean, simply but very tastful furnitures, rugs...As a woman, I loved the kitchen! There was a separate place, where was the washing maschine, and the dryer. There was also a big fridge, inside complimentary water, ham, butter, and yoghurt! Also a &quot;welcome-tray&quot; with coffee-tee, bread, pasta and sauce, jam....Really, we just forgot about the tiredness! Beside the two bedrooms there is also a little room with shower/wc for a nanny for e.g., but that was just an excellent place for my baby! We put there an armchair, and the baby bed (very cosy, bigger, wider, than the usual ones), and she slept there so well, like not at home! That room has no window, but didn't miss at all. For an additional 170 AED they can provide a normal bed there if needed.So, the other two bedrooms were also very nice. Beginning with the master bedroom: such a huge bed, I haven't seen, at least 240 cm wide, and for me was unusual high, but still very very comfortable, also the bedclothong was super quality.There was a big LCD tv too (didn' have time to watch....), and a separated dressing area with built-in closets and a safe. The bathroom was simply but had a separate shower, and we loved the shower gel / shampoo made by The White Company.The second bedroom had two beds, and the stuff offered to make them together but that was ok like that. The bathroom was a little smaller there, and no separate shower.In the living room area comfortable sitting couches, LCD tv, sound system, DVD player (I took some DVDs from home, so sometimes the kids could watch it), a dining table covered with glass, and for chairs.I let the bad for the end: the view. If the hotel is not fully-booked, ask for a higher floor, about 30 and up (there are 49 floors). Becuse there is a buildig just front of the hotel, and they buliding right the 25th floor. 24 hours a day. Looking out is just depressing. The first thing was next morning to ask another room, the stuff was absolutely helpful, and for the evening we received our dream apartment on the 44th!! We weren't much in the room, but just couldn't get used to the view, no matter daytime, or in the evening, looking over the marina, the Palm - was just stunning, like flying in a plane! Some evenings we were just sitting there, looking out, not beleiving we are there.At the tower on the 2nd floor there's two good swimming pool (outside), and jacuzzis and a kid's pool, when we were there that wasn't crowded, and the stuff was verz friendly there too. Afternoon that place is cowered with shade, when mz son got sunburn he liked beeing there, you just can't tell for a 10 years old not to go to the pool, but there was ok. The last night I managed the checking out at the reception, and next morning, before we left came a guy from the room-service to check the apartment, but didn't disturb us.All I can say, next time we'd like to stay again there, we all loved it very very much!	
Mar 27 2007 	Vacation next to construction site	No matter how much you pay, very little or a lot, it is not acceptable to have a 4or5 star hotel facing construction site with 24 hour noise coming from there and tens of construction men looking in your window. It is now 25 floors ready from a building next to the BTA and it means that only premium apartments are a bit above it ( and they cost 120 euros more than superior). Noise is terrible up to the 49th floor, so there is no escape. All 2 bedroom apartments have only partial sea view, lower than 30th floor have tiny piece of the seaview and look directly to the construction. Beach at the hotel is great but overcrowded in the morning and daytime (no free sunbeds) and later in the evening no towels left. Room service food was bad. Rooms were spacious but had furniture very office looking. Flower had a sign &quot;don't touch&quot; (maybe it is in somebodys interest to go to Dubai to mess with room flowers...) On our last day evening a person from hotel came to check the room and do inventory. He counted every single teaspoon, knife and fork not to talk about glasses and cups. This made us feel very uncomfortable like they don't trust you even a bit. Anyway, they took a 1500 UAD deposit on arrival to cover all the possible losses and damage. Thought that would cover few teaspoons. Who needs their teaspoons? If they were some special teaspoons for the hotel, I would understand on some level, but they were totally normal 1 dollar teaspoons. Also totally not suitable for families with small children since there is nowhere you can go outside the hotel (everywhere is construction) and they even do not have special trails for baby trolleys to get to the beach. You need to ring a bell for help each time to get down the stairs! From the hotel, you can not get anywhere without taxi, because there is no pavements for walking. Nearest shop (any shop) is a taxi drive away. Service all around seemed like they tolerate you because you pay, but not more than that. If you don't give huge tips, no smile, no thank you. One exception though! Our cleaning guy was very friendly every day and was giving us nice hints, where to go etc. We were actually very surprised from all the positive reviews people give and those were very important for us when we were choosing our destination and hotel. So all together it was very dissapointing experience! Would never go back again!	
Mar 9 2007	Spot on	I am sat in my luxury apartment on my penultimate night in the OBTA. All in all this has been a superb break. I arrived very early from the airport (8am) and although there was no room available immediately, within 30-45 minutes I had been allocated a 2 bedroom deluxe apartment on the 5th floor. The apartments are fantastic, you could easily live in them full time - hugely spacious, very clean, very modern with flat screen LCD's and brand new fitted kitchens, lovely beds, and great spacious bathrooms, plenty of wardrobes and hanging space, infact 10 out of 10 all around.Unfortunately there is masses of building work going on everywhere in this area, and you do feel in the middle of a building site when driving up. My initial room was directly looking over a new tower block. I am a heavy sleeper, so it didn't worry me too much, however when my mate arrived to stay with me for a few nights, after his second night he couldn't bear the noise any more. Apparently the cement mixer went off every hour through the night - all night!! We complained the next morning and were upgraded to an apartment on the 43rd floor - WOW! The apartment is the same identically as the first one, but you can see out for miles, it is much brighter and there is no noise whatsoever. First class.Not used the pool here, as I prefer the beach for the tan potential!! But the pool over at the Oasis Beach Hotel is excellent, and the gardens and private beach immaculately maintained.Staff are friendly and helpful in both the hotel and the apartments.Had room service a couple of nights - nice, reasonably priced food, but been out most nights. Not eaten in the Oasis Beach as I'm not a buffet person, and the Singaporean was full the night we tried so we went elsewhere. We did snack one night in &quot;The Worst Hotel Bar in the World - Charlie Parrots&quot; - my god that place is awful - no atmosphere, pitch black, the DJ turns the music down so he can talk to his mates on his phone - mind you when he's playing &quot;Grease Lightning, Chain Reaction, and Come on Eileen&quot; he can turn it off and pack it away for all I care!! Anyway, this alone is my one grumble - overpriced drinks in a terrible bar - mind you the drinks are on the high side everywhere you go due to it being hotel only drink laws.All in all, excellent, on the pricey side, but great all the same.	
Feb 24 2007	Service with a smile	Just returned from a half term break at the Oasis.We booked a two room premium apartment, but were upgraded to a 240m2 three room (unnecessarily, but better view). The apartments as described previously are extremely well kitted out, including full laundry facilities and a very nice package of food and soft drinks to welcome you.The facilities and restaurants are excellent and the staff throughout the complex live up to the hotel's aim to be the friendliest hotel in Dubai.The Premium lounge on the 33rd floor was a lovely place to stop for a small snack, lunch, afternoon tea or even just a coffee. Everything done quickly and pleasantly, all on Villeroy and Boch!We had a few minor problems with the apartment, which were sorted out almost as soon as I mentioned them (bulb gone, water not hot enough in one of the bathrooms, stereo playing up), but I can't fault the apartments for their quality and even interior design. The bedding was simple high quality Egyptian Cotton and oh so comfortable.The construction was not an issue and in fact quite fascinating - very little noise pollution during our stay.The location is about 10miles out of town, but there is lots to do before you get to town and the taxis are incredibly good value.We had an excellent stay and if you're looking at this review I'd recommend you book the towers - there's too much choice in Dubai, but space and a smile make it a recommend for me.	
Feb 22 2007 	Luxurious and we were spoiled	This was our second visit to the Oasis Beach in 10 months but this time we stayed at the Oasis Beach Tower. It was a special occasion - our 25th Wedding Anniversary, which we shared with friends and family. We booked a 3-bedroom Premium apartment but on arrival this was changed to 2 x 2-bedroom apartments. The apartment type meant we had the Marhaba meet &amp; greet at Dubai airport - driven around and fast tracked through immigration and baggage (the same going home). This facility was absolutely brilliant and we will be talking about it for years to come.The apartments themselves were stunning, spacious and luxurious with lots of goodies in the welcome food pack. After a week, we still had not used all the contents. The views from the apartment were breath-taking, especially as the balcony barrier only came to waist-height - seriously not recommended if you have children.Also included with the accommodation came complimentary breakfasts, which we took over in the Oasis Beach Hotel restaurant; mid-day snacks; afternoon tea; evening nibbles all taken in the Premier Lounge. The only meals we purchased were in the evening and mainly used the hotel's restaurant. Singapura was lovely.The staff greeted you with a warm smile whatever time of day or night and couldn't do enough for you. We made good use of the hotel's free shuttle to Dubai most days but on one occasion decided to take a taxi and ended stuck in traffic for over 3 hours, but it was at 5pm. It was a nightmare. Take a tip and use the free shuttle buses. They leave at various times including 3pm which misses out all the traffic and catches the shops opening for the evening.We had the most fantastic time and hope to return to Dubai in a few years and will undoubtedly stay again at the Oasis Beach Tower. I can't recommend it strongly enough.	
Feb 20 2007	Excellent and lovely hotel	Date: February 20 2007Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, Sweden  We have just returned from a week at the OasisBeachTower Apartments. The hotel is magnificent and the staff is incredible kind and helpful.The interior is so beautiful, lovely colours and extremely comfortable beds and bedclothes. Everything is so well thought. Pool,beach and lawn area are very well kept and there are plenty of sunchairs. You can even sit in the water on a special chair and let the waves wash over you. There are several very good restaurants, we think the best is the one at the beach.We will be back!	
Jan 5 2007 	Huge apartments	Had a four bedroom apartment for Grandma, us and two kids. It worked perfectly with so much space. Everyone loved the huge plasma screen. Can use the facilities at Oasis Beach Hotel across the way. The restaurants are OK but not that exciting. The best is probably Singapura which has well-prepared food from all over Asia but doesn't have any beers from that direction. The main restaurant relies on serve-yourself buffets at which the food is luke-warm and tastes as though it was cooked hours ago. Our top tip would be to walk along to the Ritz-Carlton where the restaurant quality is more akin to the quality of the apartments with staff both competent and friendly (fairly rare in Dubai!). There's a lack of shops nearby but the ordering service for groceries is efficient and not overpriced.	
Jan 3 2007 	Wonderful apartments	Arrived on Xmas Eve to find we had been upgraded to a Superior apartment. We were on the Half board option at the Hotel. The apartments were fantastic. Everything you needed was there and the staff were courteous and very helpful. I would recommend the apartments to anyone as we had a great time. The Hotel was also excellent particularly the restaurants (Oregano &amp; Singapoura), the staff were also very pleasant &amp; helpful. All in all we had a great time at the Oasis Beach &amp; we will be back.	
Dec 8 2006	Superb apartments	We had 2 four bedroomed apartments with 3 couple in one and 4 in the other. We have all been away together on many occasions, but this is the first time in apartments. They are big enough for everyone still to have their own space and privacy. Including the maids room, there are 6 toilets in the apartment, so there's no queuing! The rooms are huge. The lounge has 4 coffee tables in the middle of it and there's still masses of space. The master bedroom was the only room with a television and a safe. Fine for a family, but would have been better if all rooms had them. The apartments are spotlessly clean and toiletries etc are replenished every day as required. The welcome pack in the kitchen isn't replenished, but it's fine to get you started. The tower is well soundproofed which was a good job as we're not the quietest of groups. We were on half board, breakfast and lunch or dinner. There are very few restrictions, maybe 1 dish in each restaurant where the voucher only covers half. The food was superb in all of the places - The Bazaar for breakfast and theme nights, The Singapura for oriental and The Oregano for Mediterranean and the Oasis Beach Bar for snacks etc. The house wine is drinkable, but there's others to choose from. The hotel is a little far out and everyone talks about Dubai being a building site, but believe me, this is in the thick of it. The main hotel and the 2 towers (only one is owned by the hotel) are the only things that seem to be complete in the area. However, having said that, it didn't disturb us too much as we were on the 31st floor and. It's fascinating watching them build, but they do work 24-7.We've stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel previously and this is comparible, but different. It's less formal and the staff seem very happy to work there. The beach is much nicer than the one at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel. This one is natural, however, the Palm does have an effect on the tides occasionally.The main hotel is nice, but a little tired. I would always go for the towerI think as someone else said, once everywhere is complete, the prices will be much higher, so get out there now!	
Oct 17 2006 	Stunning apartments and service	Upgraded from the Oasis Beach hotel to the new Towers stunning apartment with great panoramic views of the arabian gulf.Staff were pleasant at all times and the service was second to none.Dubia is a building site at the moment and will be even more stunning when finished, dont let this put you off as at no time did this work have an adverse affect on our stay. .	
Oct 16 2006 	Beautiful set up at a great introductory price	We booked directly and stayed in a 2 bed &quot;superior&quot; apartment on 46th floor. We were attracted by good reviews on this site and an excellent package deal of inclusive half board in the adjoining hotel, which is not currently offered. I was with my wife and two teenage daughters.We visitied in August which is off peak and too hot for some, with daytime temp over 45 C. However, this means flight deals are available (we flew BA for well under £300 each) and other incentives are offered. Quality of accommodation was excellent, extremely spacious and good fit out, smart bathrooms and kitchen, huge living room, LCD TV screens in living room and master bedroom, with DVD player in living room. It gets dark before 7pm in August, so we were glad we had taken a supply of DVD films and enjoyed spending time in our luxurious living room together.The tower is effectively an extension of the ajoining 4* hotel which offers restaurants, a few shops, beach club, large swim-up pool, small gym and huge beach garden with private beach. Very pleasant facilities, wide mix of nationalities, fairly quiet and relaxed. The buffet restaurant has excellent them nights and we can also recommend the Oregano for mediterranean styles. Left it too late to get a reservation in the other Singaporean restaurant, but heard good things about it too,I agree that a business traveller may see a few drawbacks - most notably very poor internet service (broadband is included free fo charge, but we were told that infrstructure in the area was overwhelmed with most guest bringing laptops). I had to walk to the Hilton (only 300M away) to check in online for our return flight.The building work is all around as the Marina development goes up, but we specifically requested a high floor and had no disturbance whatever - I think we were above the noise. We paid a bit extra for the middle grade of room (standard/superior/de luxe) see Oasis Beach Tower's own web site for differences in spec, and check what grade you are getting if booking through an agent. Washing machine/tumble dryer was provided, also dish washer.It took us a couple of days to find a routine - the pool behind the tower is excellent (also a child's pool) expecially in the early morning when the sun catches it nicely. The hotel pool is great all day, but we especially liked moving down to the beach at sunset. Camel rides offered on the beach were a big hit with my daughters. Also the hotel gym was pleasant, well air conditioned, a reasonable mix of equipment.There's lots of information elsewhere about trips out, but we found the taxis cheap enough not to bother with the free shuttle buses after the first time. Our favourite outing was a water taxi up and down the creek.Generally a wonderful holiday, staff were all friendly and professional, we all want to go back one day.	
Oct 3 2006 	Very Nice Appts Great Value		
Sep 21 2006	Avoid if you are a professional !		
Sep 19 2006 	Best apartments in Dubai!!		
Sep 3 2006 	Fantastic		
Aug 22 2006 	Spacious high quality classy apartments.		
Aug 19 2006 	Luxurious Apartments		
Aug 13 2006 	Oasis Beach Towers - Mr Cumming 07802229313		
Jul 20 2006	Oasis Apartments Highly recommended - stunning!		
May 17 2006	Fantastic apartments in Dubai		
Apr 17 2006	Went on a tour of the impressive Oasis Beach Tower...		
Jun 12 2009 	Bel Hotel bien situé mais entouré de chantier		
Jun 2 2009 	Tolle Appartments direkt nur 50 Meter vom Jumeirah Beach entfernt		
May 22 2009 	240 mq di appartamento al 22 piano! Decisamente fantastico		
Sep 7 2007 	hotel merveilleux		
