Nov 18 2009 	Fabulous Fairmont in Dubai	The Fairmont delivers again in Dubai with great service, room quality and overall experience. From the check-in to the check-out - the hotel and the staff delivered an excellent stay. I think that it helped that I was a Fairmont President's Club Member (which is free - so sign up before you go). The room was modern, plush, clean, spacious and well organized. The location is best for business travelers because of proximity to convention center, but cabs are cheap and the have shuttles to all of the malls. The restaraunts are great. A lot of variety. The Cigar &amp; Wine Bar is fun and great for people watching. There is a really upscale nightclub in the building which is operated by another management - major cover charge. I would go back in a heart beat.	
Oct 12 2009 	bell staff can make your trip!	We stayed three nights here and loved it. It was a beautiful hotel right in the heart of Dubai and close to everything we wanted to see. The room was beautiful and the view great from the 26th floor. There was construction next door but we couldn't hear much noise. I'm sure we could have moved if we wanted to. I had a facial at the spa and it was very nice. The staff there treat you well. The sunset pool had the nicest design on it and I loved the lighting and ambience at night. We had lunch in the exchange grill and it was superb. We experienced Spectrum on One with in room dining and it was great. Our best experience was with the bell staff. All we had to do is walk out the front door and a cab was there. The bell guy would tell the driver where to take us and give us a Fairmont Dubai card with the cab number written on it. The cab number was in case we had a problem or forgot something in a cab. I used the card to show cab drivers where to take me home. On the second morning, Phillip the bell guy suggested we cab it to the Museum and take a water taxi instead of going straight to the gold souk. It was a fabulous suggestion and we thoroughly enjoyed our 2 dirham water taxi ride across the creek. This is an excellent hotel to stay in and we hope to be back.	
Oct 3 2009 	Dont even need to leave the hotel	This was one of the best hotels, the willowstreem day spa is done in a roman style and was seperate for men and women with beautiful mossaic work on the walls, we stayed for about 5 nights and although the cost was high It was worth staying in an executive room making it free to enter the Spa. The resturants in the hotel make great meals but the price of water is extreemly expensive, so I suggest buying some extra bottles from the deli on the ground level! The Bose CD system in the room makes it easy to create a mood with your favourate tunes and the changing colours of the exterior lights of the whole hotel makes the atmosphere really relaxing! Shiekh Zayed rd dosn't have the best views of the ocean but it is a good location to be close to Jumeria beach and In our experience it was the better side of Dubai for Luxury Accomodation over a Market style atmosphere	
Sep 28 2009 	Very futuristic great restaurants 	Stayed here for a day and requested a late checkout, which they indicated during check in should not be a problem as long as they have rooms, so was offered a late checkout for free (4PM). The hotel itself is very futuristic looking from the inside - very different from teh other Fairmonts I am familiar with . Surprisingly, their literature in the room didn't mention that they have a Cavalli Club in the hotel - I went in only for a couple of minutes to get a glimpse - very chic, as one would expect. The spa is also fantastic - I got a body scrub and the service and facilities exceeded my expectations.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location good service but corporate	I have been staying there now several times and decided to write a review about it now.The hotel itself is in a great location when it comes to do business... right on Sheikh Said Road. The hotel offers spacious rooms with state of the art equipment and modern entertainment facilities, spacious bathrooms and a working desk. I got upgraded on a seperate check in desk as I am Member of Fairmonts Presidents Club, which membership is by the way free and well worth it. The service is great, food is good quality too... the 2 pools they offer, one on each side of the hotel is OK but small considering the size of the property. If it is on business occasion I would not stay anywhere else, but when it comes to leisure purposes I believe the hotel is a little to corporate and not unique enough. I'd rather go to the Raffles	
Aug 2 2009 	Paradise in Dubai	I travelled to Dubai in May and had the opportunity to stay at Fairmont hotel after much searching on Tripadvisor for recommended hotels and locations to stay in Dubai.I was not disappointed! The fantastic service, attention to detail and the friendly people (who remembered us by first name!) working in the hotel made our stay extra special. It was an absolute pleasure to stay here - we had an amazing hotel room (very large &amp; with a spectacular view of the city!). I did not want to leave! The outdoor pool and the juice bar were exactly what we needed in scorching 40 degree heat. Also, I was impressed by the many restaurants in the hotel, particularly Spectrum on One where they had a mix of international cuisine. Delicious indian, and japanese food - but you can have anything you want there and it will be top quality. Great hotel - great people - great service. All attractions are a quick cab ride away....You won't regret it.	
Jun 12 2009 	A really excellent hotel	From the moment you walk in you realise you are in a great hotel. The lobby with its glass sculpture and waterfalls is outstanding.The overwhelming thing about this hotel is not only is it superb in every aspect but the staff are amazing. They are so friendly and genuinely helpful. Even the pool man and the bedroom cleaner knew all the best parts of the hotel, knew all the offers (40% off meals in Spectrum before 8.30pm) and the places to go. A credit to the hotel.Spectrum is an award winning restaurant and is an experience. Layed out at different countries of the world with different cuisines but with a menu where you choose from eveything. A jananiese starter perhaps, an Indian main course and a chinese desert. Whatever you want !There are 2 pools and even in the blistering June heat it was cool and welcoming. The rates in June are superb - well worth a visit. We booked on directrooms.com and netflights.com.Internet access in rooms is free - just join the Presidents Club - a no brainer !I have stayed in many Dubai hotels and this one is an excellent business hotel.Otherwise if you want the beach - you cannot beat Madinat and the Jumeirah Group Hotels.	
Jun 4 2009 	Vastly underrated	I lived in Dubai for 5 years and had many occasions to use this hotel, from a tourist point of view it suffers from a location point of view (not on the beach) and on the &quot;ever so busy&quot; Shk Zayed Road. Considered more of a business hotel it is still a great place to stay.In my opinion, having spent a lot of time in Dubai hotels, this is still the best. it has stature, character, discreet opulence, a great cigar/wine/piano bar and Spectrum, probably the best restaurant in Dubai.	
May 21 2009 	Nice Hotel	Great location specially for the business traveller. Rooms are fully loaded with small things which come very handy. Breakfast was a little dull though.	
May 8 2009 	Superb and conveniently located to Trade Centre	My wife and I were in Dubai in early April for a medical conference. We opted to stay at the Fairmont as it was very conveniently located on Sheikh Zayad Road within a few minutes of the Trade Centre. From the moment our cab door was opened by the doormen, to the efficient and pleasant registration desk, from the excellent service in the restaurants (Spectrum on One and the Cascades and room service), we cannot say enough about this great hotel. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Anticipation of the needs of the guests at each level made our stay very special. The bonus was to meet one of the managers, Mr. Donato, who went out of his way make sure that our return visit to the hotel, later in the month, was equally, if not more pleasant by offering us an upgrade to a suite. Great care was taken to ensure the highest standards in service and when one of the fish dishes in the restaurant was not quite to our liking, within minutes, completely redone dish (from scratch) was cooked up by the anxious chef to ensure our total satisfaction. Their legendary beds are as comfortable as described by others. Highly recommended and we would certainly come back. Well done Fairmont Dubai - keep up the excellent work at all levels of service we encountered.	
Apr 26 2009 	Top snacks lovely spa big rooms in the big city	Dubai offers lots of choice for business travelers, the Fairmont has a couple of great restaurants and a good spa - the rooms are spacious and it's proximity to the exhibition centres is a real plus. The buffet is terrible do eat in one of the other restaurants, but the hotel overall comes up trumps for a peaceful, relaxing time and has a decent spa if you get time to enjoy it.	
Apr 23 2009 	Blissful stay with outstanding service	We recently stayed for 10 days at this hotel and were delighted with our choice. Just before we came out we nearly changed to go with another hotel and I'm so glad we didn't. From the moment we arrived we were so impressed with the staff. We arrived 6AM and got early check in which was just what we needed. The room was nice, not huge but a good size for a standard rm.The beds are so comfortable, lovely feather pillows and nice linen. The bathrooms are really spacious, separate shower (really big cabin) bath and lots of nice amenities.We had a room on the corner so we could see both Sheikh Zayed Rd and up to Jumeriah and the Burq which was quite spectacular at night. The staff were the best thing about this hotel, nothing was any trouble and they were always so friendly and professional, especially the pool staff and the breakfast staff. The breakfast, by the way, is amazing so much choice and chefs ready to prepare omlettes, pancakes etc to order.	
Apr 18 2009 	can't wait to go back amazing hotel	Had a girls weekend away here, chose the hotel because of the spa. The staff and service at this hotel was the best I have experienced in Dubai, everyone was so friendly and genuinely wanted to make sure everything was what we wanted. We had booked a one bedroom suite which was just beautiful, photo's on the hotel website weren't really what we got, our room was much better and I think the rooms have been refurbished since the photo's were taken. The hotel has a huge range of different restaurants to choose from and they all looked fantastic. We loved the coffee shop which served a great range of danishes, muffins and delicious sandwiches and the prices were very reasonable, coffee and a danish was 32 dirhams, you would pay more in starbucks. We spent a whole morning in the willow stream spa and it was amazing, we left so relaxed we just wanted to book a return. I will definately return to this hotel, with friends or my family, suitable for both.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great Hotel Wonderful Location	From the moment you walk in you feel well taken care of at the Fairmont Dubai. The lobby is well maintained and the bellmen/lobby staff were very pleasant. Check-in was the biggest disappointment of the entire trip. We arrived at 3:30 to check in, and was told our room was not ready yet, and was offered a few complimentary beverages while we waited, we declined as we had a business meeting in half an hour and said we would be back in two hours. We returned at 6, and the room was still not ready, to us that is unacceptable at a resort of this caliber, we were again offered complimentary beverages which we accepted this time, and within half an hour the room was ready. That being said, check-in was the biggest disappointment about this hotel. Everything else was outstanding, the rooms was large and well maintained. The bathrooms were spacious with a separate tub/shower. I used the workout facilities every day and was not disappointed, although in the evening they could be crowded. I did not use the spa, but some colleagues did and said it was outstanding. We sat by the pool one afternoon and it was very relaxing but service was spotty. We had the buffet daily at Cascades and it was well worth the money. Also had dinner one night at Spectrum on One as we wanted a quick meal, close to the hotel, the food was great and service standard. We had an extremely early flight (had to checkout at 3:30AM) and the hotel was great and arranged for some boxed breakfasts that were a feast. Overall The Fairmont Dubai is a great hotel, with a central location in my opinion.	
Oct 20 2008 	Not the best 5* in Dubai	As a regular business traveller I thought I'd try the Fairmont given the attractive summer rates. I'm a regular at the Shangri-la and Emirates Tower and in my opinion the Fairmont really is in a league below these hotels. Staff are friendly and professional enough but compared to other 5* hotels in Dubai rooms are looking tired although bathrooms are smart. Club lounge, while big, has a very very limited selection of food and drink. Also, this must be the hotel where I've had the most difficulty in finding a cab at the hotel door.	
Sep 28 2008 	One Night in Dubai - Exchange Grill	We typically travel through Dubai once or twice a year and have done for the last 4 years. Our first time here was for 5 days and to be honest the Dubai bug has never really got us! Its great as a portal to other places but only for stopevers! Every year we have a meal at The Exchange Grill at the Fairmont, this year we decided we may as well stay there as we were in Dubai for about 20 hours in total!The arrival was smooth, very efficient at checkin, clearly more a business hotel than a leisure one, but the doorman was very helpful, bags arrived at the room just after we did. The room was spacious and had everything we needed! There is a bit of a building site outside the hotel but this seems true for most of Dubai so we cant reall complain about this! We did a bit of shopping and then headed back to the hotel for our trip to The Exchange Grill, where it has to be said is mainly business people, not totally! When I booked I had spoken to an Australian lady on the phone, this is about 6 weeks earlier from the UK before our travels, at the time she had seemed very nice and enquired the reason for our trip, I had remarked its our annual trip to The Exchange Grill! When we arrived it was the same lady who took the booking that greeted us, either she took notes at the time of booking or she had a great memory! Either way she remembered our conversation and we felt the service levels were second to none!It is without doubt our favorite place to have a meal, I admit to being a bit of a steak fan and they are simply superb! The service is exceptional, the view due to the building work at the moment was not as nice as previously, but that hardly mattered! The best bit however was after the mian course, they brought out a specially made desert the chef had made saying welcome back, a touch we were not expecting in any way!Just made the evening!It has to be said it is not a cheap meal or hotel but on our next trip to Dubai we would not consider staying anywhere else!	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Rooms	My stay at the Fairmont Dubai was for business purposes however this is a hotel that I would go back to for a short leisure break in Dubai. The hotel is well placed for all the city has to offer with the malls, beach and downtown souqs all within 10-15 mins taxi ride (traffic permitting!). The service at the Fairmont was extremely good for Dubai which seems to struggle with service consistency due to its rapid growth rate. The rooms were excellent in size and well equipped with separate showers and brilliant high speed wifi.Breakfast was buffet style and offered a broad choice, the service here was again very good for Dubai, with tables being cleared swiftly and effciently perfect for a business type property.The Fairmont is not cheap but as a regular visitor to Dubai I would go back for the quality of the rooms and the effcient service. For first timers in Dubai on holiday then I would recommend you spend the extra cash and stay on the beach, however if you have been before and are looking for a well placed hotel with a pool and great rooms and service then this is the place.The hotel is also ideally situated for the highway to Abu Dhabi, my flight home departed from Abu Dhabi and it took only 15 mins longer to get to the airport than it did to get from Dubai airport to the hotel on arrival.	
Aug 25 2008 	Top in Dubai	I've stayed in several Dubai hotels but this one is right up there at the top. In terms of service, friendly staff and the quality of rooms and restaurants I cannot praise it too highly. We had two important celebrations while we were there - an anniversary meal in the excellent Exchange Grill was superb and they spotted an important birthday from my passport and came up with a special cake and bottle of wine. The sunrise and sunset pools worked well at the hottest time of the year (though a bit crowded at the weekends) and all the restaurants we sampled were excellent (tremendous savings on the Spectrum on One multi-cuisine offering when we were there). If I had a complaint it was that the bar on the 2nd floor was much more geared to visitors rather than residents, with strange seating options, music, etc. But no real problem. Well done Fairmont - a great hotel!	
Jun 23 2008 	Excellent hotel with some heart warming service	The hotel is amazing. The location is terrific , its very central and the service is very personal. They personally took care of the type of muffin which i liked. There was fruit basket in the evening kept and they chose the fruits which we we liked. Since we drink a lot of water they made sure that we had sufficient water in our room. In Dubai most of the hotels charge for drinking water but they provided it for free.Further the hotel is beautiful and very relaxing. The breakfast was pretty well spread out.Overall the experience was amazing.	
May 18 2008 	Dubais most underrated 5 star hotel	This hotel is famous among Dubai residents for its famous Champagne Brunch in the Spectrum Restaurant (book weeks in advance if you want to try it) but its also a great place to stay with a caring efficient staff that really try to please.For a small function, its about the best there is in Dubai and if you are not a mega company with mega money to spend, that doesn't seem to matter to them - they will really try to help.Their rooms are as good as any but there are small niggles - no power point near the coffee kettle tray, slightly uncomfortable bath and noisy air conditioning are three small points but ones you would not find in similar quality Asian hotel.Its still my favourite hotel in Dubai and well worth a stay if you can tear yourself away from the bigger brand names.	
May 1 2008 	Flawless Fairmont	The Fairmont in Dubai has to be one of my favourite hotels, and believe me, I stay in a lot. I've now stayed there four times, three on business and once on vacation with my wife - and in my view it suits either.Rooms are spacious and beautifully appointed and everything is just right, without being pretentious and rarely in Dubai over-the-top. The restaurants are diverse and wonderful if you haven't the energy to venture further afield. The two pools are smallish, but this kind of adds to the feel of them being tranquille havens from the madness 9 floors below.The staff are fantastic and my wife still can't work out how all of them seemed to know her by name!!!Top class!	
Apr 5 2008 	Great view of Emirates Towers ..............	................ where you should have stayed if you wanted a 5* business hotel on Sheikh Zayeed Road !I really don't rate the Fairmont but will give a fair reflection of my three night stay last week for business.Decor - American / UAE bling with mixtures of styles all over the place, not my taste and just not coordinated with any particular style in mind to my eye.Rooms - nice and comfortable but style as before, good bed and pillows, I was in a standard one.Staff- friendly and nice but nothing spectacular during my stayValet parking - looked like my car had been in the desert for a week when I picked it up - they might clean them !Bathroom - nice but separate shower mentioned elsewhere deafening because of water echosFood - room service fantastic, quick and reasonable with choices from great restaurants. Grill is excellent and would go back there.Pools - unwelcoming and small so didn't swimMeeting facilities - quite good and well organised but catering averageTaxis - had to wait an hour for a taxi - not really 5* - they should be queing up.If you want a centrally located great hotel then book the ET as in the title, the Fairmont was expensive and average in everything except food, will not be going back - 1400++ Dhs for this is possibly the worst value for money I have seen even in Dubai.If you want luxury business then I'd advise the ET which never disappoints and cheap and good business then its the Novatel.Others in my party really liked the hotel so maybe I'm just spoiled but I expect far more for my money.	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice hotel	Was staying at the Fairmont while on business but had a bit of spare time. It is a very nice hotel, very clean and great facilities.As I was on my own I used room service quite a lot, they were excellent and the food was good.The room itself was very nice, spacious and the bathroom had a seperates shower unit which is always a plus.The spa area is very nice, I managed to get a few hours in the evening sun by the pool and the guys were great for getting you the odd beer... Good sauna &amp; steam facilities in the locker rooms.	
Mar 31 2008 	Liked the experience	I dont usually use 5 star hotels so my report could be a little out of place as I am not used to many luxuries. But reports about Fairmont being 3 star are not accurate, I would not wish to their authors to stay in proper Dubai 3star... . But anyway - you will meet great staff in Fairmont, helpful in most ways. Pool areas are nice and pleasant as are the pools themselves. You will get an excellent views to Emirate Towers and distant view to Burj Al Arab if this makes a difference in your minds. Food is of a great quality and location perfect for World trade centre and surroundings. Neighbourhood looks as is usual in Dubai: Construction sites in all directions. Major con is a location on the main street, Nobody respects speed limits in Emirates and street noise at night is high unless you put the aircon on. But still - very good hotel for Dubai.	
Mar 27 2008 	Very nice hotel and excellent staff	Surprised by some of the other reviews as this hotel seemed very good to me and I've stayed in a lot.Staff truely excellent and exceedingly helpful. The hotel was clean and modern and so was the Gold Lounge where service was brilliant and very attentive.It didn't look tired or dated to me that some have accused it of although the styling wasn't the most current maybe if you had to be critical. The hotel isn't a beach front location but there are two good pools one facing the morning sun and the other the afternoon sun. The main Dubai road runs past the front of the hotel so the Sunrise pool can be a little noisey.Overall for a city hotel close to many facilities in Dubai by car it was excellent. Its not a hotel for Children though unlike the other beach hotels where they have more ability to roam around and special facilities for children.	
Jan 23 2008 	Great memories to take home	Superb place to stay Excellent place to relax and  unwind and enjoy. Highly recommended - Breautiful views and lots of lovely memories taken home of Christmas 2007 Will return.	
Jan 9 2008 	Good location decent rooms and spa inadequate pool	Stayed here for a few nights during the holidays. Weather was perfect -- warm during the day and cool at night. Exceptional service at the President Gold Lounge, although the lounge itself needs some upgrading. Wonderful breakfast buffet.Lobby area is too spacious and dull, layout is strange. Service at the front desk and concierge is wonderful. The lady at concierge helped us book a desert safari tour and was very informative.Didn't get a chance to try any of the restaurants and bars, but Club 400 is supposed to be one of city's hot spots.They have 2 swimming pools - 1 to face the sun at sunrise and the other to face the sun at sunset. Tiny areas and not enough lounge chairs for everyone. People were sitting on upright chairs in the shade, in line for a lounge chair! What do they do when it's scorching HOT in the summer??Decent spa facilities, well-trained massage therapists.Excellent location, in the middle of financial district, but further from the beach resorts. If there's traffic, it could take over an hour from Jumeirah (beach areas) to the hotel.I'd definitely recommend visiting Mall of Emirates (Ski Dubai), Wild Wadi (with one of the world's fastest water slides!), the souks (markets), and walking around the beach areas to get a glimpse of The World and The Palm. We also had a chance to visit Burj Al Arab (7-star hotel) but weren't too impressed -- great location and spectacular views at the top of the hotel, but loud and tacky interiors. Desert safari is a neat adventure -- be sure not to eat too much before the bumpy ride on the dunes!Beautiful beaches and water in Dubai! However, if you're looking into spending a lot of time at the beaches, make sure you try to stay away from construction. We spent a day at the One&amp;Only Royal Mirage, but because it's right beside The Palm, you can see and hear construction for the monorail. **Also, beware of thieves! The staff make non-hotel guests pay to use their beach and facilities, and may ask you to pay in cash -- make sure you use credit card and check how much they're charging you -- they work together to gip you outta your money and keep the cash!Cranes are everywhere in Dubai! It is hard to avoid hearing or seeing construction. Everything is man-made. For vacation, I would recommend visiting Dubai in 6-8 years when things are a lot more developed and settled.Overall, a wonderful and comfortable stay at the Fairmont. Dubai is a place I'd recommend visiting in a couple years, not now when everything is still under construction.	
Jan 7 2008 	Fabulous Fairmont	Stayed at the Fairmont on a leisure break New Year 07/08, having stayed at a beach hotel the previous year. They allowed us to check in at 08:00am (a bonus after a night flight). We were in a standard 'Fairmont Room' - not as modern as I thought it might be, but large enough with a nice bathroom. Pool areas are great - they bring around cold towels and complimentary samples of juices. Service overall is excellent - similar to that experienced in the far east.Ate with friends at Spectrum On One - not too expensive, and the most diverse selection of menu choice I have ever seen - a must.Overall an excellent hotel - you really get the vibe of the city staying here - we didn't miss the beach at all.Not really recommended for those with children - but a great choice for couples.	
Dec 25 2007 	Great hotel	Dubai is decadence to the extreme. The Fairmont was an awesome hotel.	
Dec 9 2007 	Excellent value gold package	Stayed at the end of November in a one bed gold suite, as with the other reports below we were on the 16th floor, but we certainly had all the benefits of a gold suite, and have no complaints. We were initially checked into a gold room on 31st floor and it looked absolutely fine, would not bother to pay extra for a suite if we went again. When we told the staff they had made an error with our booking we were moved instantly. The Gold staff were very attentive, we were always adressed by name despite our short stay.The Gold package is excellent value for money, good breakfast, afternoon tea and canapes and inclusive alcohol from 6pm possibly until the bar closes at mid night, but we left at about 9.30 and it still seemed to be flowing.We stayed for a night at the end of a holiday in Oman, and would not have wanted to stay here for any great length of time as a holiday hotel as it is a business hotel. Despite this, as holiday makers, we were made to feel very welcome, and would stay again as a stop over hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	Fairmont is Dreadful	Arrived at 11pm after 8 hour flight from HK. No reception at immigration, you have to find the Fairmont Counter and wait! Check in slow and assigned one bedroom suite on 12 floor - despite being a Gold reservation that is meant for high floors. Room was a smoking room and stank of stale smoke so I requested change to a non smoking room as per my reservation. Changed to another room on 12th floor, this room was FILTHY, stained furniture, filthy dirty windows and to cap it off, the bathroom floor was flooded with dirty brown water! The mini bar was also 100% empty! After nearly an hour I was assigned another room on the 15th floor which overlooks the construction site and the busy Sheikh Zaid Road, so noise from 6am each day. The rooms are tired, grubby and just not 5 star. The staff try hard to make it better, but try calling reception at midnight and you will get answered after your 4th or 5th attempt. The Fairmont Dubai is 3 stars only, compared with the Island Shangrila or the Kempsinski Mall of the Emirates this hotel just does not make the grade - I would not stay here again and I would not recommend anyone to do so either. Very very poor standards.	
Dec 1 2007 	Good hotel Wonderful staff	Stayed here end november for 2 days. Booked a one bedroom gold suite. Probably did not get a &quot;gold&quot; room as mine was on the 11th floor while the &quot;gold&quot; rooms and suites are on higher floors. Nevertheless, got all the related perks. Pretty large suite with separate living and sleeping areas. Nice bathroom. Excellent lounge for gold floors. But all in all not up to the glitter of some of the other properties I've stayed in in Dubai. The real plus came from the staff. I dealt mostly with the staff at the &quot;gold&quot; reception and lounge and the doormen, and each and every one of them was an absolute delight. Would stay there again, only if it were for their wonderful service (but hope that I would be assigned an actual &quot;gold&quot; room then).	
Nov 14 2007 	Pretty good but not amazing	I have just concluded a 2 night stay here. On first arrving at the hotel, the impression is that it is very nice but slightly lacking the &quot;Wow&quot; factor you get at lots of Dubai hotels. We got our room at 12.15pm, which was pretty good. Room was an ok size, with a very nice bathroom. Only meal we had in the hotel was a good (but not amazing) breakfast. Pool areas were good, but a bit of a pain having to change at pool at around 1pm to keep the sun. Also, staff service by the pool was only average with lots of orders forgotten or delayed. Overall service was excellent however, in each department. Only major bad point is the lifts.......we often had to wait for ages!!! (I think this is why some of the food orders to the pool took so long).	
Nov 13 2007 	Excellent Hotel	The Fairmont was absolutely fantastic. The staff were very pleasant and extremely helpful. The Spectrum on One restaurant is truly amazing with a wide selection of different types of food. The sunrise and sunset swimming pools are very well kept and are relatively quiet. I had a relaxing massage at the Willow Stream Spa, which was absolutely wonderful. I would strongly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Dubai.	
Sep 10 2007 	Great Hotel! Good Value for money	It took me almost a month of reading various reviews on almost all the 5 star hotels in Dubai before I finally settled for Fairmont Hotel and am glad I did. I travelled to dubai with my husband and 2 sons ( ages 9 and 4) for 4 nights at the end of July. We stayed in a one bedroom suite- the living room was very spacious, bedroom was same, bathroom was sheer luxury-it had everything a 5 star hotel should. The children loved the hotel! very friendly staff especially the door staff. Breakfast was delicious and we could never finish it. All in all, Fairmont hotel is trully a five star hotel. There is not much for kids to do- so while I will definitely stay in Fairmont again on a business trip, I may try out of the hotels in Jumerah for another family holiday.	
Aug 13 2007 	Not What I Expected	I stayed at the Fairmont for a week in July while on business. The hotel has a beautiful façade and a grand lobby. It also has a good selection of restaurants. The rooms though were not up to par. I was expecting more compared to other five star hotels I have stayed at in Dubai. Housekeeping was not paying attention to details. One day they forgot to clean the drain in the shower. Also the furniture in the room was starting to get a rundown look. The hotel needs to start renovating the rooms. The location is great if you are on business and it was very easy to get a taxi. The internet charges were ridiculous. I think for the amount I paid for internet access for 24 hours I could get a month’s access on subscription. Overall you could get better value for the price you pay at the Fairmont in Dubai.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great Stay	Stayed in this hotel for a three night stop over. Just superb! The hotel itself is very nice (yes there are nicer ones in dubai), but the service from beginning to end was superb! My only issue (if any) was maybe the restaurant could be better - still nice - but better. Very friendly staff, great beds, great breakfast and very central location.	
Jul 5 2007 	3rd Time its so good	Not much to say except this is the 3rd time I have stayed at the Fairmont - actions speak louder then words...The Fairmont is quite expensive, but you get what you pay for - excellent service - this is a grand hotel that is very welcoming.Despite staying in a smoking room the ioniser was excellent and the smell was negible.Would certainly stay here again (again).	
May 27 2007 	Great hotel and would return	We stayed for three nights at the end of April after checking the range of hotels out on Tripadvisor. Last year we had stayed at the Sofitel which was very average.Staff are excellent and could not be more helpful. Especially the junior staff like waiters, front door boys and room staff.We can recommend the Japanese cafe on the ground floor for a quick meal, the italian restaurant on the pool floor and the grill.Our only problem is that we had been given a room with a interconnecting door to another suite. The door was locked but it did not keep out the noise between 3AM to 6AM. Luckily the next door guests left after one night. All Dubai hotels seem expensive and the Fairmont cost us A$570 a night including breakfast and with free internet. This rate was through our travel agent as the hotel web site was more expensive most unusual.	
Apr 20 2007 	Absolutly 5 star	We stayed at The Fairmont for 5 nights over Easter. Never been to Dubai and was curious to see what all the fuss was about! I researched the hotel thru Trip advisor and we were very pleased with what we got!Beautiful hotel, immaculatley kept in every aspect.The rooms are large, we were on the 27th floor with a sea &amp; city view.Marble bathroms with Miller Harris products,robes and slippers all that you would expect from a 5 star hotel. All the staff were fantastic, smiling all the time and nothing was too much trouble for them. For example I sneezed at the pool one day, next minute September the poll boy brought me a box of tissues, thats what I call service. Only at Reids Palace in Maderia have I had that level of service!!We stayed by the pool every day,I am a total sun worshipper and had choosen this hotel as no one had complained about the sun leaving the pool at 3 or 4pm. I was a little stressed the first day when we arrived to see a very small pool and no sun loungers available! I was then told to go to the Sunset pool (we were at the Sunrise) and the sun would be around at 1pm! This was the only day we had a lounger issue!The first night we had dinner in the hotel, I had done some research and one helpful &quot;Tripper&quot; had posted the complete &quot;Dubia Time Out&quot; best restuarant . As the best Global was at &quot;The Fairmont&quot; we decided to try.A little disapointing,possible too much choice, rather over welming.We ordered a &quot;Fruits de Mer&quot; which tasted of fishy cotton wool,not really the hotels fault, sometimes these over grown prawns etc look fantastic but the taste is certainly no senstion!! The second night we went to the best Latin American restaurant at The Jumeriah beach, cant remember its name as it was not a very memorable meal! It was at that point we decided to give up on 5 star hotel restaurants!The Souk Medinat had a great Lebanese Restaurant which I would recommend,it was memorable but sorry cant remeber the name! You can have Shisha pipes ( hubbly bubbly) there which is rather fun.Off course we went to The Mall of the Emeriates, just to see what all the fuss was about.Very impressive,but I was not in the shopping mood (lucky husband)We also visited the Emirates Tower for cocktails, very good, excellent view. we were too late for bar at The Grosvenor House and The Buddah bar was closed for a private party! We coulnt get a reservation at &quot;Al Burg Arab&quot; yes I know i said I was done with 5 stars but this was 7 stars so it does not count! The Gold Souk was a waste of time, tacky, tatty shops selling rubbish unless you like cheap gold that is! In a nut shell, Dubai is very interesting,great hotels, good shops, fantastic weather . The shopping is good but no better than London or New York, I guess if you dont live in either of these cities then it is great. Its not a bargin place to shop, tax free or not!. I would certainly visit again. Next time I would stay nearer the beach , now I know my way around the place. I would certainly stay at The Fairmont is I was passing thru for a day or two, as it is close to the airport.	
Apr 18 2007 	Loved the Fairmont!	I felt the need to write a review as many people have said that this hotel is a business hotel. I stayed in the Fairmont with my boyfriend for 10 nights and was such a wonderful stay. The staff were so friendly and the food was amazing. The hotel is also in an excellent location, within walking distance to restaurants and shops.Prio to staying in the Fairmont, we stayed in a beach hotel, and the service and overall quality of the hotel did not even compare to that of the Fairmont. (The beach hotel was double the price!)Overall, an excellent hotel! Would definately go back!	
Apr 5 2007 	Not the best in Dubai	Stayed with my wife in the Fairmont for 2 nights from 3/4/07 to 5/4/07 after spending 3 nights in Grand Hyatt Dubai. Fairmont Hotel is a typical 5 star hotel but with no extras. Following our stay at Grand Hyatt, we felt that we have been downgraded by moving to the Fairmont although they charge same rate per night as Grand Hyatt. The swimming pools are much smaller and the rooms are half size of those in Grand Hyatt.The shower facilities are very averge and the lobby is standard with no special features.Having said that, the service was very good with very nice staff smiling all the time. The location is very handy being on Sheik Zayed street close to the major malls in Dubai. Fairmont looks nice from outside with very beautiful lighting at night. If you are lucky as we were and get a room on a high floor you can see most of Dubai towers including Burj Al arab from your room window.I and my wife agreed that we would give the Fairmont Dubai 7 out of 10 and we would try another hotel besides Grand Hyatt on our next visit to Dubai.	
Apr 2 2007	Good business hotel but...	I stayed for three nights although it was supposed to be 4. When I arrived I was told that they did not have a room for me that night and that they would put me up in the Shangri La for the first night at their expense. This was happening a lot that evening as several others around reception were arguing about missing reservations. As I was there on business this was a pain because it took time out of the following day to move back and the room at the Shangri La was not great.Compensation was in the form of not paying for my first night and free business lounge access at the Fairmont. Not bad but I expected more.Other than that this is a fine hotel, the food is very good, especially the Spectrum restaurant (7 different types of food in one place) and the cigar bar is well worth a visit. Overall it's a bit chic and trendy but its well located and you can walk to the convention centre in less than 10 minutes.	
Feb 27 2007 	One of the Best Fairmonts in the World	Dubai is full of five-star hotels - they're everywhere. More and more are being built to cater to the burgeoning tourist industry - lots of resort-like developments up already and planned.If you're a future tourist to Dubai, I think there are an array of properties one might find are more suitable than the Fairmont. But, if you're in town on business, the Fairmont Dubai would be an excellent choice.It's a large property, on Dubai's main thoroughfare - you'd think this is, logistically, a plus, but the traffic has become far worse in the two years since my last visit. There's not much around the Fairmont, most of the city continues to be pedestrian-unfriendly. The newer hotel properties tend to be built further away (more north away from the airport) from the old-city, Dubai Creek area - the Fairmont is, seemingly, right in the middle of everything.Spacious rooms, with lots of amenities. Very clean and polished. The room had everything I needed including a daily fruit basket and a lot of bottled water. A couple of small problems: my key card did not always work very well, I had a couple of problems with my tv (it was running off a computer in the room - I later found out I could just reboot it myself) and the shower leaked a bit (nice and powerful though).If you're in town for a trade show at the convention centre, the Fairmont is strategically located near Sheik Al Zayed's only overpass, so it's a short walk to the convention. The Novotel and Hotel Ibis are closer, but are not of the same high standard as the Fairmont - and neither is the Al Murooj (my colleagues stayed in these hotels and had provided comment after seeing the Fairmont).Food note: there's a Lebanese restaurant beside a KFC which is about a five minute walk south of the Fairmont. Nothing fancy, but great food and a good price.	
Jan 28 2007 	Good value for a stopover	My wife and I stayed here on the first night of our honeymoon - a single night stopover in Dubai. Stayed in a Gold Deluxe Room.Our personal rating system for this trip: Overall - 7/10 (me), 7/10 (wife)Value - 7/10 (me), 6/10 (wife) ... but better than other Dubai options!!Firstly, the destination. We didn't rate Dubai highly, so if you can get transfers to your next destination without big delays, do so (in our opinion!). Then again, we didn't spend time in the Jumeirah Beach area, so that may be why. Shopping - no better than home (Melbourne, Australia) ... though that excludes the gold markets, which we were leaving until Istanbul later in our trip. A cruise on Dubai Creek was mildly interesting (if not a welcome relief from the heat!), but not great value for money - we definitely wouldn't recommend a dinner cruise and are glad we opted for the daytime version. Still, it's one of those places that's good to see once ... just plenty of others that will remain higher on our list!HOTELPositives - VERY comfortable beds &amp; pillows, good sized bathroom, reasonably quiet, helpful &amp; professional staff, close to airport, around 20 mins in a taxi to most attractions (AED 20-30 each way), return transfers included in the room rate, Gold lounge access was fantastic value and something i'd highly recommend for those staying here.Negatives - room was smaller than expected but OK, more tailored to business clientele than tourists - a positive or negative depending on what you're looking for!	
Jan 22 2007 	sheer class	We stayed a week and it was fantastic. The service was friendly and consistantly excellent -as was the food and the room. The spa is great but the sunset pool was cold and drafty whilst we were there. Drinks are expensive- but we would definately go again	
Jan 18 2007	honeymoon	My husband and I spent the first week of our honeymoon at the Fairmont (the second week was in Mauritius). The main lobbey is very grand and complete with fountains. We arrive early morning and our room wasn't ready untill the afternoon. Not a problem, our luggage was taken and we were led to the spa and pool area where we slept off our jet lag by the beautiful mosacic pool. The room was huge, the bed massive and bathroom lovely. There are so many restaurantes to chose from. We ate at the cascades for breakfast. We really liked the Italian and the restaurante with 7 menus. The pools are lovely and at night there are beautiful coloured lights all the way up the building which reflect in the pool. The staff are fantastic and very helpful. We didn't use the Spa but it looked beautiful. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for families but my husband and I had a fantastic time.	
Jan 4 2007 	Fantastic service - fantastic location - 5 star gem	I have just returned from a weeks vacation from the Fairmont Hotel. The hotel's amenities are excellant - i have stayed in many so called 5 star hotels in the past but nothing comes close to the Fairmont for levels of luxury and the attention to detail. Was a little hesitant in staying with wife and toddler after reading some of the previous reviews - not sure what happened to these people!! However i cannot fault the level of service that i received - these people really make you feel like you are staying in a friend's house as opposed to some remote business hotel. I have nothing but praise for all the staff - from the doorman to the cleaners - all made us feel welcolme and would often stop their duties just to play with my daughter. This i have never experienced before!Location of this hotel is business orientated though there were many families there over the christmas vacation - it is about halfway between the beach area and the gold souks. Ideal if you dont want to spend all your holiday in one location, nor fancy the idea of spending lots of wasted time in taxi rides.The rooms are of a generous proprtion and well laid out. Views are either of the main road or the port. Other amenties are again well cated for as previous descriptions have explained - i.e. the &quot;sunrise&quot; and the &quot;sunset&quot; pools, the wide array of dining options etc...Overall an amazing hotel in which to rest and relax. Definately one of the better hotels in Dubai rated on price and location - do give it a try.	
Jan 2 2007 	Let down by the Concierge	Loved everything about the place except the Concierge. I expected them to recommend me fair priced and reliable tour operators to take me around the desert activities but they hired a pakistani gentleman who spoke too much and offered very little. He also lied about the availability of quad bikes. I was shocked when he called up my room the next day offering more of his services as I never imparted with my room number. So for him to call up the next day seemed to me like he had somehow got our details from the hotel. As mentioned, I expected the Concierge to be aware of the quality of the tour operators they were introducing to their guests, this was a very bad reflection of their professionalism.Otherwise, loved the pools, the restaurants, the cigar bar and the spa. Plus service was outstanding.	
Sep 17 2006	Great for smokers otherwise miserable.	About twenty floors of rooms, but only one floor is nonsmoking (according to the duty manager). Some other rooms smell like kipper smokehouses - really choking. (They offer to &quot;ionise&quot; the room, but that is useless - the smoke smell is ingrained in the furnishings.) Requesting a nonsmoking room probably won't help - &quot;It is just a request; we guarantee nothing&quot;. Same in the interesting restaurant (Spectrum on One?)... huge place with masses of space, but nonsmokers on my visit were coralled into one tiny area. Only recommended for those whose principal hobby is passive smoking.	
Sep 11 2006 	Loved the pools. Excellent Service!!! Great Value for Money	Location is fantastic as this is half way to the old part of the town and half way to Jumeirah Beach!!!The Concierge there is really friendly. They are so patient and walk through with me the various places that I can go and see.As our flight landed extremely early (before 7am), by the time we get to the hotel, there is no room available. The receptionist was nice enough to allow us to go up to the spa and use the pool while we are waiting for a room to become available.We were allocated a really nice room. The bed is big and extremely comfortable. Loved the bathroom. The shower gel and soaps are from Miller Harris!!!!!(You can get the perfume from Selfridges). They even give you bath salts and loofah!!!We eat in the Japanese restaurant in Fairmont. It is good value for money (eating in Dubai is in general same standard as UK. Expensive!!!). The menu is not extensive but sufficient. Waiter there is very nice.Have a great stay in this hotel. Would definitely come back!!!!	
Aug 4 2006	Stay Elsewhere	Only stay here for business and if corporate money is paying. Room includes no breakfast and aren't that impressive. Switched to the Hilton Jumeirah, rooms are just as nice and there are more perks included in the room price like free shuttles for shopping, breakfast buffet and just as good service. Fairmont is overpriced.	
Apr 12 2006	Fabulous Fairmont	I disagree with the review regarding the service at this hotel as I felt that the staff were extra helpful and extremely accommodating on all our requests. Two rooftop pools! What a great idea you can follow the sun till late! And the SPA is a must!The hotel cateres more for those doing a shopping trip &amp; Business travellers and less to families, I think you might have beem ill advised by your agent.	
Nov 21 2005	Stunning hotel with the best service of Dubai	Stayed at this hotel in august during three nights. This hotel is not just stunning from the outside but also on the inside. The service provided was more then excellent. We also stayed at the Mina a'Salam for four nights but on the subject of services this hotel won hands down. Nothing was to much.Breakfast was enormous with everything you could have wanted. Even if you need anything that is not on display the staff will do anything in their power to provide it for you.Yes, it is a business orientated hotel but we thought it ws ideal to discover the city and move on later in the week to Jumeirah for the beach and some relaxationbtw: the bed was the absolute best I ever slept in	
Oct 23 2005	Excellent business hotel	Recently returned from a stay at this hotel. Excellent for businessmen. Extra personal touches being greeting my your name at breakfast, being served eggs etc despite it being buffet. When catching a taxi very professional services by doormen. Your wish is my command type of hotel.	
Aug 20 2005	Memorable Stay	I was very surprised to read any negative reviews about this hotel especially the review referring to the hotel not being child friendly. I travelled alone with my 9 year old daughter and had a superb stay here. We were Fairmont Gold guests and enjoyed the option of a dedicated elevator that stopped only at the lobby and Fairmont Gold floors, an exclusive room, private reception and use of the Fairmont Gold Lounge which was open 24 hours a day (inc. free drinks!). Admittedly the hotel is mainly for business guests but we were made to feel very welcome at all times. We enjoyed most of our evenings relaxing in the Gold Lounge taking in the fantastic view. The staff were very attentive and helped with keeping my daughter occupied for most parts of the evenings. We also had a butler service which was excellent value for money. Whilst in Dubai we also stayed at the Hilton Jumeriah Beach, Jumeriah Beach Hotel and The Burj Al Arab hotel, in terms of service The Fairmont Hotel was as good as the Burj Al Arab - which isn’t bad considering the “Burj” is a 7 star hotel!!I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2005	Never again...	I agree with the previous persons comments. I stayed at the fairmont for 5 nights with my wife and baby, but did not find the hotel child friendly at all. The fairmont is a good hotel for business stay, and the rooms reflect this. I have stayed in other hotels in Dubai and can honestly say the service at the other hotels was much better than the fairmont. Its the only hotel I know that charge you to use their spa facilities (50 Dhs)and they even charged me for milk for my baby! No doubt the hotel is an architectual masterpiece, and its location is excellent, but I would have preferred to be looked after better than I was.	
Aug 1 2005	Pleasant 3 day stay	Stayed at the fairmont for 3 nights as part of my 8 night honeymoon stay in dubai, the other 5 nights were spent at the excellent Hilton Dubai Creek hotel.On checkin, we were given a smoking room, which they promptly changed to a non smoking room at my request. The rooms at the Fairmont were nice but I was a tad dissapointed especially since staying in the Hilton Dubai Creek for the past 5 nights. The room was a 1/3 of the room size i had at the Hilton, apart from that, everything else in the room was above average but not exceptional. Standard Room offers the usual bed, powershower, bath, office desk, phone, fax. The rooms being more business oriented rather than for the holiday goer...or in my case honeymooner. Duration of stay was pleasant. We received a choc cake as congratulations for our honeymoon and a bottle of date wine whichb was a nice touch. The only complaint id have for the Hotel is that room service was very pricey, about 12 pounds for a sandwich. In summary, id say the Hotel was of good quality and worth of their 5 star status. For others on their honeymoon, i would not recommend staying here and choose a less business orientated hotel instead. Id reccomend the Hilton Dubai Creek wholeheartedly instead.	
Jul 12 2005	Worth a one night stay	Had an overnight at the Fairmont which is predominately a business hotel. Room small one third taken over by desk etc. Very noisy we were on the 29th floor and could hear the traffic. Pools small but very hot - no breeze. Service excellent the staff could not do ehough for you. Food superb we ate in Spectrum on one and it was excellent (also got 41% off for dining before 8pm), breakfast also very good. Would not stay again due to noise but would definately eat there again. Woud definatetly recommend for a business traveller or an overnight stay providing you get a room on the opposite side of the hotel (not road side).	
Jul 10 2005	Simply the best !!!!	In this very competitive hotel market, The Fairmont shines as the premier location for your business or vacation needs.Every single member of staff goes out of their way to make your stay memorable, from Housekeeping to Junaidi at Concierge and Joern and Sky at Cascades Restaurant, nothing is too much trouble for the employees at Fairmont.The hotel also offers some of the best dining experiences in Dubai, from their wonderful buffet breakfast served in Cascades, to some of the best Italian food I have ever sampled at &quot;Bacchus&quot;. For a treat make a reservation at 'Spectrum One', where you can enjoy food from all over the world without leaving your table....their various kitchens including Indian, European, Thai etc., make this THE ultimate dining experience, plus, to round things off you have the dry, subtle wit of Alex, the Operations Manager for the Restaurant.During my 3 week stay at the hotel, I sampled many other restaurants in other 5 star environments, but nothing compared to my dining experiences at Fairmont.I found the rooms to be spacious, spotlessly clean, with every possible convenience, from multi-channel/language TV, to Internet access. When noisy work was carried out close to my room, I was notified ahead of time and automatically upgraded to a one bedroom suite. The move was easy and hassle free and very efficiently handled.To obtain the very best room rate I suggest you fly with Emirates and book a stopover on their website. This reduced my rate from $500 to $144 a night. But again, THE only way to get this rate is to fly with Emirates and book the hotel on their website, through their sister company &quot;Arabian Adventures&quot;. This company also offers many organised trips, the one not to miss is the Dinner Cruise on the creek. Wonderful food and great ambience.To close I must also credit 'Arabian Adventures' representative Connie, she went out of her way to help and assist me during my stay.So, summing up - you cannot beat The Fairmont, Dubai and I am already planning to return for the Christmas/New Year holiday	
Apr 17 2005	One bedroom gold suite	The one bedroom gold suite was big and nice, but the living room furniture has seen its better days. They need to replace the furniture in the gold suites - couches and chairs. Otherwise, the hotel was great.	
Mar 15 2005	Service with a smile !		
Mar 11 2005	Very very good!!		
Mar 1 2005	Great hotel		
Feb 11 2005	Best City Hotel By Far!		
Dec 2 2004	absolutly fabulous		
Nov 10 2004	Fabulous Fairmont!		
Oct 27 2004	Impressive		
Sep 30 2004	Impeccable Fairmont		
Jul 21 2004	Fantastic Futuristic hotel!		
May 9 2004 	Nice hotel		
May 9 2004 	Business Trip: Fairmont in Dubai		
Sep 12 2009 	HOTEL AL TOP		
May 1 2008 	Luxuriöses Business Hotel		
Jul 26 2006 	Beste Bewertung- Unübertreffllich		
