	Not just worth the stay you will also Enjoy it	I already have family based in the Emirates- hence a place to stay. Despite this, I thought of trying out a hotel in Dubai at a reasonable cost. I managed to book my hotel stay on lastminute.com at a very reasonable price that you will definitely not get as a local in the Emirates. Strategic location, very friendly staff. The only negative point, but a very crucial one I can think of, is that there is NO internet connection! I did not find the location difficult to get to. If your taxi driver cannot find the location he's definitely trying to keep you longer in the car to possibly charge you more. Tell him to drop you off at the building with an advertisement of &quot;TITAN watches&quot;, in addition to the hotel address. The entrance is on the side of the building adjacent to it.I will come definitely book another stay in this hotel in the near future.p.s. Don't forget to request a coupon from the reception to gain access to the gym at the meridean hotel branch next to the airport. It's worth the visit. Hope you enjoy your stay in the Emirates. :)	
Nov 20 2009 	Loved our stay there!	We had booked an apartment here for three nights, had to travel one day earlier, called the hotel to book the extra night the day we began traveling. The receptionist told me to book online to get the cheaper rate. I was at an airport without a computer, and this threw me for a loop. After thinking about it for awhile, I realized that LeMeridien is part of the Starwood group. So I called their 800 number in the States, booked at a great rate. We were lucky enough to be assigned a one bedroom apartment overlooking the water and the Radisson Blu -- fantastic! Had a newspaper hanging on our doorknob each morning, have NO COMPLAINTS! Loved being close to a market, loved the kitchen, nice tv choices, clean, quiet, cool, LOCATED fantastically well if you want to mix with the local culture and be close to the metro, which can whisk you to the Mall of the Emirates in no time, then you can take a taxi to Jumeirah Beach if you wish, or wherever. Very reasonable, no frills, plain lobby -- we were ther 4 nights -- and very satisfied.	
Nov 14 2009 	Nice apartments but... is that a Meridien?	Apparently the Meridien chain bought just a cheap flat hotel in Deira and put their name on it. Because this hotel is nowhere close to the level of a Meridien. The apartments are nice, clean, the building was apparently renovated, kitchen is fitted with pans, cutlery, a small fridge and cooker. Your dishes are washed every day by the staff. Service, therefore is quite good.(Just make sure you DO hand a do not disturb notice, or you risk being woken up at 9 am, to be asked if you want an issue of the English language local &quot;The Gulf News&quot; paper. Definitely not nice, considering you stayed out until 5 am. And make sure you DO hand a clean my bedroom notice, or they won't)Apparently, most reasonably priced hotels in Dubai are in Deira. The problem with Deira is that when you want to be in Jumeirah almost every day, the 10 eur taxi ride start to hurt after the 3rd day. You can also walk to the brand new metro, but that means crossing the creek by boat under 30+ degrees and walk another 15 or so minutes to the station. This problem will be overcome soon, when the stations across the creek open, sometime in 2010.Back to the hotel, there is no Wifi, just one PC at reception where you can surf the net for an expensive rate, or walk one block to the next internet café. No swimming pool, although you are allowed to use the one at the main Meridien near the airport. But if you need to jump on a taxi, why not go straight to the beach?	
Oct 25 2009 	Great budget apartment hotel; convenient location	I stayed at this hotel apartment for two nights during the holy month of Ramadan. Reading the TripAdvisor reviews for this hotel definitely helped in locating the hotel and finding nearby amenities, so I hope to contribute back to the community with my review.The front entrance of the hotel is not visible until after you turn off Al Maktoum Road. From Al Maktoum Road, what you can use as placemarks are the Orlando Sports and the Bank Saderat Iran.Service was friendly and helpful. Since I had a prepaid Travelocity reservation, I did not need to present my credit card at check-in. I snagged a great deal on the studio room with two single beds, but since I was traveling alone, the person at check-in offered to send someone up to join the two single beds and put a full-sized sheet over them. There was no welcome fruit basket though.The room was spacious and clean. The apartment-like amenities such as the kitchen (with refrigerator and oven), cutlery and flatware really came in handy during Ramadan, as most restaurants are closed during the day, and you are not supposed to eat or drink in public during daylight. I was able to purchase groceries from the nearby 24-hour grocery store mentioned by other reviewers (Choithram) and prepare my own meals. Unlike another reviewer’s experience, my room did have a kettle. The central AC was very powerful, as I didn’t use the room AC at all even though it was stiflingly hot outside in the Dubai summer.Location-wise, the hotel is in a convenient location. I walked everywhere throughout my trip, and didn’t need to take a cab. The newly opened Union Square Dubai Metro station is right next to the hotel, and there are plenty of shops within walking distance. I arrived just a few days after the Metro opening, and fortunately, the Union Square station was one of the ten stations that were ready for the launch date. The Dubai Creek is also nearby, from where I took the hour-long Guided Creek Tour (recommended) and then boarded an abra to cross the Creek.Overall, I would stay here again. The biggest advantages for me are the kitchen + grocery store, and the Metro station next door.To assist others, I made a Google Map with the exact location of the hotel and some nearby amenities here:http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?hl=en&amp;gl=us&amp;ptab=2&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;oe=UTF8&amp;msa=0&amp;msid=106694324596487583594.000476546243012e4822b&amp;ll=25.266393,55.310315&amp;spn=0.005899,0.011319&amp;t=h&amp;z=17	
Sep 22 2009	terrible service - standards slipping	The service is terrible. I have stayed in this hotel for many years but after an absence of 2 years I came back here thinking i would get the same excellent service as before.Not this time..The front office staff are always on the internet which is located in the lobby.One in particular, a Filipino male &quot;J&quot;, stands at the door and when he sees me and my family coming – disappears so he doesn’t have to open the door for us.We had a lot of problems in the room in the first day. No cooking pots, electricity breaking down – eventually ‘J’ came and had such a bad attitude that I almost left that same day.The cleaners don’t clean the room. Dirty bed sheets – I witnessed this as a cleaner removed one and replaced with another dirty bedsheet.They do not clean the dishes. I have photographic evidence of this.When the previous managers mr S &amp; mr. M were there, there were staff opening doors, holding bags and arranging taxis for us. Certainly not the case anymore.Each time I phone the front desk, the woman answers with a bored YES Maam. These people are not interested in being here. I have brought a lot of custom (british people) to this hotel you can just ask Mr. R who works there but unfortunately was on holiday when we were there.I wont be bringing anyone here anymore and will tell everyone how rubbish this hotel is. The attitude of these individuals who work there is disgusting.dont stay here - its overpriced and offers a poor service.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great stay for travellers on a budget!	Having stayed in Dubai many times before at many of the 5* beach and city hotels I was initially a little hesitant about staying at a hotel that was rated as a 2* but went for it on the basis it was run by Le Meridien Group....and we were pleasantly surprised!Travelling with my husband and my 1 year old son we were delighted when the friendly reception lady checked us in almost immediately even though we arrived 6 hours before the usual check in time. The room was large, clean, baby friendly and functional (although basic) and the baby cot for my son was already in the room waiting for us, our luggage was brought up promptly and the service was friendly and efficient from the staff.Every time we left the hotel or came back, we were assisted by one of the staff carrying the pushchair up the few steps to the lobby and they were very welcoming and happy to stop and talk to our little son...this may seem a trivial thing but it does help to make a difference when travelling with a young child as we really felt welcome!It was also brilliant that all guests are welcome to use the swimming pool and gym facilities at Le Meridien City (near the airport) free of charge throughout their stay...the taxi was only around 15dh to get there and it was a lovely place to swim and generally chill out!The only negative things were...some of the taxi drivers didn't know where the hotel was and some told us they didn't even understand the address...we used the Radisson Blu across the road as a good reference point and then walked back. Another negative point was that the apartment, (although we knew it would be basic) did lack something as simple as a kettle...this made it quite a lengthy process to boil water for a cup of tea in the morning! It would also be brilliant if the hotel had even a small lounge area for guests to sit in at night to read / use laptops etc...as the rooms have no balconys so for us while baby was sleeping it would have been good to escape to a sitting area with the baby moniter!Apart from that we would definitely go to this hotel again, great location, many great local cafes and shisha bars and a fantastic place to explore Bur Dubai and places like the Gold Souk, musuem etc!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great rooms simply but very comfortable and the service was excellent	I stayed here recently due to an overnight connection with Emirates. As other reviewers have mentioned, some taxi drivers including mine, didn't know where it was, but they were more than happy to find it for you. Al Maktoum Rd / 15th, behind the Radisson near the petrol station will get you there. It's a white building but there is no clear sign. My taxi driver was extremely helpful, called the hotel. It should be no more than 20 minutes by taxi.I have stayed at Le Meridiens in the past, including high end ones, and the reception area at this one looked very dated and old. This got me worried that I was not really at the right place, but it is correct. Nonetheless, the service at check-in was excellent. A special thank you to Dinesh at reception for being so kind, polite, helpful and efficient with the check-in process.The rooms are actually apartment style suites. They are big. There is a large fully-fitted kitchen area in addition to the sleeping area plus a sofa, with useful desks. Staying the one night, there really wasnt any need for the kitchen, but if you are considering an extended stay it would be very useful. The bathroom was nice and clean and the bath deep. Note that you need to switch on the hot water switch to get hot water which is located outside the bathroom door. They provide high quality toiletries and sofas. The bed itself was one of the comfiest I have ever slept on, albeit a little short, but wide. I should say that the room was very well temperature controlled. Though there is individually controlled air con, which worked fine, I was most comfortable with it switched off, which was suprising considering how hot it was outside.The only issues I would report are that the door chain was broken, and the TV channels were too fuzzy to watch. Also I got woken up at 2am by a loud bell outside my room - which I presume was a fire alarm that may have been mistakenly set off. Thought it was about a second, it was enough to wake me.Check-out was very simple. Simply handed the door card to the lady downstairs, who then called a taxi over for me.I got a great rate direct with Starwood. For the price, I think it is the best value hotel I have ever stayed at (it was low season though - August &amp; Ramadan).	
Aug 11 2009 	acceptable hotel apartment at this rate	This hotel apartment is located at downtown Dubai in Al Maktom street near Abdonnaser square. The location is busy and there was a lot of constructions near the hotel and one could hear them most of the day . AC was very efficient though temperature controls didn't work so you had to turn off the AC when it was going to be too cold. The room and kitchen were spacious and clean.The sheaths were very soft and clean. The reception administrators especially Jina and Ranjith were quite helpful. The computer is located in the lobby and is equipped with a printer but the internet rate is high ( 1 AED per minute which equals 16.6 USD per hour !). The internet speed is very good.There is a nearby restaurant ( Golden Fork ) which offers internet access at a rate of 5 AED per hour which equals 1.38 USD per hour . It's 5 minutes walk from the hotel but opens at 13:30 and closes at 4 ( Yes ! 1:30 PM to 4 AM ).One night there were noises from someone handling garbage pockets on the floor we were, at about 3 to 5 am so I couldn't sleep well. Our studio room was in front of the &quot; garbage room &quot; !The complimentary English newspaper ( Khalij Times ) and the satellite TV with BBC and CBS under a cold breeze from the AC were relaxing after a tiresome hot and humid day in the city. The hotel doesn't have any shuttles to and from the airport .The iron and iron table were very helpful .Overall this was a good hotel apartment at the rate I got ! I wanted to extend my check out time for 6 hours but unfortunately they accepted only 2 hours so I spent 4 extra hours in the airport waiting for our flight with my old father!( I know extending for 6 hours is not regular but I really needed it . Also I tried to book another night to be able to stay for 6 hours but it was not possible)	
Jul 28 2009 	Highly Recommended	It went beyond my expectations in a hotel apartment (service apartment that is). Spacious and very clean rooms, efficient staff... and great value for money. Le Meridien definitely knows what quality of service is. Keep up the good work! Cant forget my stay here!	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	I was in Dubai for a friend's wedding in Abu Dhabi, and decided to stay here based on the positive reviews as well as the very competitive rate.Cab drivers' knowledge of the location of this hotel varies. The airport cab driver had to call to obtain directions (keep the phone number handy; telling the driver that it is located at Al Makhtoum &amp; 15th, behind the Radisson, right across from the gas/petrol station may be helpful). Once he had the directions, it was a quick ride over. Some other cab drivers were well aware of the location, while one got mad at me for not knowing being able to give him precise directions to the hotel (I vacated the cab pretty much immediately, and took another cab).Check-in was easy (I had pre-paid on Expedia), and a credit card was not required for any incidentals. I had a corner studio room with wall windows on 2 sides -- this really made the room look very spacious. The room did not have an iron or ironing board, but the hotel can arrange to have your clothes pressed, if needed. Some reviewers noted that there was fresh fruit in the room and daily newspapers. However, I did not experience this. The room did contain 2 complimentary bottles of water, which were not replenished. At the same time, I never bothered to ask about any of this because my stay was extremely short (2 nights, including the night I landed), and I just didn't have the time or energy to raise the issue. The bed was comfortable, as were the pillows (a pet peeve).The room was clean, as was the bathroom. The bathroom is of average size. The bathroom used white-CFL lighting, which I'm not a fan of, but it wasn't bad enough to bother me. The power-point in the bathroom accommodated my 110v cell-phone charger, and appeared sufficient for a hair dryer, etc.The climate control is old school, so don't expect to be able to set a particular temperature. The hotel is in a fantastic location. Deira creek is a 5 minute walk, and the dhows (boats that can be used to cross the creek are 10 minutes away and cost 1Dhs). The textile souk is across the creek, while the gold souk is on the same side as the hotel -- it is a vigorous 20 minute walk away.The front desk staff were extremely helpful, and organized for a local cab for my ride to the airport. The cab arrived ahead of time, and checkout was as simple as dropping off my keycard.Overall, this is a very nice hotel in a fantastic location. I would certainly return to this hotel if I found myself back in Dubai.On a separate note, cabs were fairly easy to find. The front desk can call one for you, or if you find yourself walking around on a fairly busy street and need a cab, just stand around for a few minutes (be patient), and keep an eye out for a cab with the &quot;taxi&quot; sign light up; step out, raise your hand, and the cab will cut across all traffic, and come to you! Finally, walk in the shade, hydrate (a lot), and plan on staying indoors from 10AM onwards. Keep in mind that this is based on my experience of a couple of days in late June.	
Jul 11 2009 	LocationLocation Location	This hotel has an excellent location near the old city, near to the creek waterfront. It is in walkable distance to the old part of Dubai. The rooms are huge and many look over the creek. Our room had 2 bathrooms and a large well equiped kitchen. It is more like a serviced apartment than a hotel. Free newspapers in the morning and everything in the room was in working order. The hotel doesn't look much from the outside. Excellent value for money.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good Services	I stayed here for 3 days. It room was comfortable, clean and huge. I love the little kitchen although I didn't cook during my stay. It had good service under reasonable price which I didn't expect before. All of their staffs are nice and helpful especially the reception staff Jennifer. For the location, there are no only some little restaurants nearby, but also there are 24 hour McDonald and 24 hour supermarket nearby. You can walk to Deira creek and catch bus to gold souk and spice souk, it just spends 20-25mins to gold souk or spice souk.If you want to take a Dhow Cruise or Big Bus tour, there is a stop not far away.I satisify this hotel very much.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Value Place to Stay in Deira	If you can get a good price and are looking for a good Deira location then this place is hard to beat for the cost (5 nights here can cost less than 1 night in a beach hotel!). The hotel doesn't have any facilities as such, however it is across the road from the Radisson Blu which has about 10 bars / restaurants. The hotel provides a free shuttle (book the night before) to the 5* Le Meridian near the airport and you can make use of its facilities including 3 great pools. Taxis are cheap and readily available from outside the hotel or the Radisson. Rooms are a good size and include a kitchen, make sure you ask for a non smoking room if required on arrival. The 24 hour Supermarket is a 5-10 min walk away, turn left, then right (opposite the Garage selling drinks and snacks.). The Creek and Abra Station are walkable. it was 40 - 44c during my trip but thankfully the humidity was low and therefore it was surprisingly bearable - make use of the nearest air conditioned building when you find yourself overheating. I can recommend the big bus tour for first time visitors - I suggest getting the 48 hour ticket if time allows as there is a lot to see and distances between sights are large. The nearest stop to the hotel is about 10 min walk away on Banyas Road opposite the Riviera Hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Our new home away from home	I had encouraged our stay in this hotel based on the reviews of other TripAdvisor travelers. I thought that having an apartment would be a nice closing to our vacation. What a wonderful choice for us! We were completing a vacation which had started in San Francisco, continued in Singapore with overnights there prior to a repositioning cruise from Singapore to Dubai -- even a deluxe shore excursion to the Taj Mahal, and then this planned 3-night stay in Dubai. We arrived somewhat travel-weary, but the drive through Dubai had been a real eye-opener! We were ready once again to take on the trials of sightseeing in a city that has wowed us for some time. It was only 11:30 am and the hotel posted check-in at 3:00 pm. To our delight we were permitted to check-in early and we were given a deluxe room with a rather attractive view. The room was large--very large: bedroom, living room, dining room, kitchen and 1.5 baths including a bidet! The suite was sparkling clean, delightfully cool and welcoming in every way. How nice to have a full refrigerator to cool drinks and a kitchen to prepare breakfast! This truly set the tone for our stay.We had wondered if the desk would be adequately covered during the night and if there would even be a concierge. We were delighted with the reception services. They were quite adequate. Taxi drivers seemed unfamiliar with the hotel, so it was wise to get the card from the desk which gave directions/location to have in hand when using a taxi.We found the staff exceptional. They helped us in any way we asked. All toiletries were restocked daily and we were given extra towels for the kitchen. We were given a bowl of fresh fruit the first day of our 3-night stay and offered the opportunity to enjoy the resort services and transportation available to the Le Meridien at the beach. We did not take this offer during our all-too-brief stay.This is clearly a three-star hotel; do not build up your expectations associated with Le Meridien status. This is a clean, cozy, charming place to stay. It shows some wear. On the other hand, it's an apartment style living where you can truly relax; it's delightfully close to the abra station, to the Dhow River Cruise boats, and especially the Gold Souk. We walked &quot;home&quot; easily from the Gold Souk, but getting there was a bit of a challenge.A stay in Dubai is a marvel in itself. We took the hop on/off bus and found it a great way to get around though we had done our best sightseeing with a personal guide from the Carlton Hotel which is very nearby.This hotel is a good one. Hope you enjoy your stay. Would we stay again? YOU BET!	
May 28 2009 	Good value and spacious	The taxi driver found it without any problems and we surprised at how large the room was. The bed was comfortable and the towels in the bathroom were huge. This was just a stop-over for us, but if you were staying for a few days the kitchenette would be handy, though I'm not sure where a supermarket is located. The reception staff were very helpful and the fresh fruit in the room was a very nice extra. There was also a newspaper delivered in the morning.This apartment accommodation is in Deira, the old part of Dubai and you can walk to Deira creek or catch a bus to the souks.	
May 26 2009 	Average apartments	My original booking was for 3 nights, but I cut short to 1 night. The rooms were ok, but the beds were average and the tv was small. Few satellite channels as well. Good thing was the fruits and service. Not what you would expect from &quot;Le Meridien&quot; though, which explains the cheap price and dim reception.	
May 13 2009 	Le Meridien Residence: Excellent value and service	I stayed here for six nights in early May, 2009. I booked a very good (for Dubai) rate on Expedia for $71 US but I was unfamiliar with Dubai and worried about two things: being a solo female traveler and the location of this hotel. I needed to do some work for a few days in various parts of Dubai, then go sightseeing and scuba diving for the rest of the week out of town but using Dubai as my base. Turns out that if you are sensibly dressed in public and take advantage of the 'ladies seating' in buses and restaurants, you will feel at ease. However, even without these special women-only zones, I never felt uncomfortable or threatened at all and I used the public buses all the time. Taxis, while cheap, still added up because you pay to sit in traffic much of the time. By learning a few main bus lines, I actually got around just as well for a fraction of the price (yes, there is a good public transport system, complete with air conditioned bus stops!).The Deira area, where the hotel is located, is close to the Dubai airport, so my arrival in the middle of the night did not require a long taxi ride. There is a public bus but I had too much luggage. About the location: turns out with the sprawl of Dubai, the construction detours and overall traffic congestion, unless you absolutely need to be on a beach, I think Deira is just fine. I love to stroll around a city, but Dubai is too hot and too spread out to make it enjoyable, even though this hotel is located within walking distance to several sights. The checkin was quick and I was not asked to leave a credit card deposit, as I noticed happened with several other guests during my stay. I remember reading other reviews of Dubai hotels which mentioned this 'deposit'. Perhaps because I prepaid with Expedia they didn't require one from me?  This hotel is also one block from Dubai Creek, where you can watch the dhows, a longish walk to the Gold Souk and Spice Souks, and although their Internet was expensive, I used one of two Internet cafes within 5 minutes walk. The Radisson SAS hotel is across the street and I used it as a landmark for taxi drivers to take me to my hotel.The room is a spacious, clean studio with full kitchen and large bathroom. I received a newspaper, free, each day and really appreciated the bowl of fruit and bottled water upon arrival. I loved the fact that I had lots of cold drinks waiting for me at the end of each day in my refrigerator, LOL. In addition, although I only used it one day, staying here allows you to use the pool and other facilities at the Le Meridien Dubai, their flagship hotel next to the airport. They even have a shuttle that goes between these two hotels twice a day.I had some business to do, and found that messages were taken and given to me promptly, wakeup calls were done on time (and taxi's called while I got ready to go out), and the front desk even verified each night if I needed a wakeup call, taxi or anything else for the following morning. Even if I didn't, I appreciated the fact that they were proactive about arranging anything for me.Overall, the staff put me at ease, met my needs, the room was an oasis, literally, in a hot place, and I was close enough to do some walking to some major sights. The money I saved by staying here made my other activities possible. Unless you need that beach to be right in front of you, stay here. Otherwise, stay in Jumairah.	
May 4 2009 	Convenient and good value stopover	We really could not fault Residence Deira. All we needed was a clean, inexpensive room close to the airport and it was very good indeed. It is not a hotel but guests can use the facilities of the nearby Le Meridien Airport Hotel. There are many restaurants within walking distance as well as small local shops. Dubai creek is is only 200 metres away.The residence is good for a stopover but would also suit somebody staying in Dubai for an extended period as the apartments had a well equippred kitchenette.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great 2 day stop over	Apartment (407) was clean, big and modern, great location. Free water and fruit bowl on arrival....which was very nice.Not many good channels on the telly but i never really spent much time in my room so wasnt really a problem. The door man and receptionist couldnt have been more helpful.No internet other than a pc in the lobby which is expensive, but i was directed toward the 'golden fork' chinese restraunt about 4-5 mins walk away. It has a internet cafe upstairs and its really cheap! food isnt great though.the only downside was the call to morning worship from the mosque a few hundred meters away, woke me up at about 5am each morning, but i am a light sleeper :) and it wasnt that loud.I would recomend to anyone, great value for money.	
Mar 24 2009 	Spacious service appartment at perfect location.	A great place to stay despite it's not a hotel. They only offer service appartments without meals, garage and swimmingpool. We booked the studio but got a free upgrade to their two rooms appartment. We had a very large livingroom, a seperate bedroom, a large bathroom and a small kitchen. The two room appartments are on the Creek side so we had a great view to the Creek and the Bur Dubai.The location is perfect. It is within walking distance of the Souks and it's only one block from Dubai Creek. There is a 24h supermarket witin 5 minutes walk. It's only 3 minutes walk from the Twintowers where you can find cheap buffet restaurants with a beautiful view (outside on their terrace) to the Creek. The staff is very friendly and helpfull.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good Value Great Location!	A great hotel. We stayed in the cheapest room available here and it was huge. All rooms are apartment style so they have small kitchens, although they are not equipped very well with kitchen accessories. Not a problem since there are tons of cheap places to eat in Dubai. It was convenient to have the refrigerator in the room so that we could buy drinks and keep them cold. There is a grocery store a couple of blocks away so it was easy to buy snacks and drinks. The room itself was nice and clean and of a pretty modern style. The bed was very comfortable and we had a decent view from our windows. It is not a luxury hotel, but it is clean, safe, and good bet for those looking for a mid-range hotel, and this one specifically is a good value. The service was excellent and anything we needed was attended to by the staff, including any questions about tours, etc.The best thing about the hotel was definitely the location. It is in Deira, one of the older neighborhoods of Dubai, within walking distance of the Gold and Spice Souks. It is one block from Dubai Creek, and about a 10 min walk from the abra station. The abras are small boats which take you across the creek to Bur Dubai for 1 dirham. Once across, you are in the middle of another souk area and can easily walk to all of the sights in Bur Dubai including all of the museums, heritage village, etc. You will need to take a taxi to get from the hotel to the fancier attractions such as the Burj al Arab or Mall of the Emirates, but this is true of most hotels in Dubai since those attractions are located pretty far away from the center of the city and the only hotels near those are resort style.We booked a Desert Safari Dune Dinner tour through Sunflower Tours (info and booking from front desk) and it was amazing. We definitely recommend this company. There are lots of companies out there if you want to try to shop around but you really can’t miss this excursion.A few tips for visiting Dubai in general: -Bargain! We often got things for half the price originally quoted, but always for some discount. You can’t make a ridiculous offer, but sometimes you may have to start to walk away to get the best price.-You can find cheap food if you want to. Shawarma is always cheap, as are some Indian and Pakistani restaurants, especially the ones catering to the locals. We had breakfast for 2 people for 5 dirhams, which is the equivalent of less than 2 dollars.-Taxis are overall quite cheap, but be sure your taxi driver knows where he is going. Our taxi driver got lost going to the Burj al Arab, one of the most famous landmarks in Dubai. Best bet is to walk out to a major street and hail one as opposed to having the hotel call you one since there is a small surcharge for that. Overall we had few issues and the taxi drivers were quite nice.-Don’t exchange money at the hotel. We went to a regular bank (at a mall) and there was no surcharge or fee, just a good rate. We got 3.65 Dh to the US$, and the rate is pegged at 3.67. You will need to change money because a lot of places do not accept credit cards.	
Mar 16 2009 	Spacious and Clean Apartments in a excellent location	We had 2 studio rooms booked for a week in March. We arrived at the hotel 04.00am in the morning and we were due to check in at 2.00pm, but the hotel staff allowed us to check in at 04.00am because we had a baby, the hotel staff told us that there was only 1 room available at 04.00am which was a 1 bedroom apartment and were told that the 2 studio room's we had originally booked would be available at 2pm. We then had a call from the staff at reception at 10.00am telling us that they had upgraded one of our rooms to a 1 bedroom apartment, to prevent any hassle in moving rooms. The 1 bedroom apartments are very spacious with en-suite bathroom and a extra toilet as you enter the apartment. When you enter the building don't let the reception put you off, as you will be pleasantly suprised when you see the rooms. Great value for money. Why pay the same amount for a just a room in a hotel when you could get a spacious apartment for the same amount. The hotel is very quiet so you will have no problems with any noise.	
Feb 10 2009 	Perfect for Dubai - Great Location.	Stayed for 5 nights in a 1 bedroom apartment during the shopping festival. How anyone can say that the location is poor really does not know Dubai at all. The location is in Deira, right in the centre of town, only a few minutes from the gold souq, Riga Street, and the creek. If you find the hotel difficult to find at first, it is right opposite the Radisson SAS. You cannot be more central that this., bearing in mind that the Jumeirah beach hotel and burj al arab are a good 30min taxi ride to the centre. We checked in at midday and were allowed a late checkout of 2pm. The staff were excellent and helpful and pointed us in the direction of a 24 hour supermarket (3mins walk away) and a salon for my wife across the road in the Radisson SAS. There is a computer with very fast internet access which is charged at 1dhs per minute ( $5 = 20mins).The room itself had a lovely view of Al-Maktoum road and the creek and we were able to see the fireworks display perfectly every night at 9pm. The tv had more than 30 channels, including about 10 English, 10 Arabic and the rest including some european channels, indian channels and others. The fridge came with 2 bottles of water, and there was a freezer and a microwave too. Overall experience was excellent and the price was very reasonable for Dubai, costing me 480 dhs/night ($140) for the 1 bedroom apartment.	
Jan 17 2009 	Decent Hotel Bad Location Not too bad for the price	It's definitely not a fancy hotel or anything in terms of being a Le Meridien. It's just a standard apartment hotel in a very far away location from the main attractions in Dubai. The location surrounding the hotel does not seem to be safe or a great location. I did not feel comfortable walking around the neighborhood there at night. It's far from restaurants and malls. There is a 24 hour supermarket within a 5 minute walk. The rooms are plain, nothing fancy. It was clean and the layout of the apartment is nice. Other than that, we stayed here because it was one of the cheaper options we could find that was at least decent and that is exactly what this hotel is. Decent. Average. Don't expect it to be very nice or luxurious. And don't go in expecting anything either because it's a Le Meridien. I would only recommend it if you really need to find a place to stay for a decent price. Otherwise, i would've paid more money to stay closer to the main attractions at a nicer hotel. It would come out to be about the same because of having to take taxis to the main areas in Dubai.	
Jan 6 2009 	Not bad for the money	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in October and had a nice stay. We arrived very early in the morning and our room wasnt available yet, but the staff did all they could to get us into a room as soon as possible.Our room was huge and extremely quiet, despite being on the main road. Liked the fresh fruit, having a kitchen and having room cleaned daily. The staff were very friendly.Considering how expensive accomodation is in Dubai, we felt that the Le Meridien Residence was good value for the money. Biggest issue was the transport. Whilst the staff are happy to try and get you a taxi, one will not turn up during peak hours! So definately make use of the Radisson SAS hotel across the road where taxis seem to stop more often.	
Dec 30 2008	Homely	I stayed at the hotel with my friend and the experience was very nice. The hotel staff were very friendly, and ever willing to assist I never saw any of the hotel staff wear a frown for the six nights we stayed there. The room was neat, the bed very comfortable and clean linen was laid every day.The water from the shower was powerful but some parts in the bathroom showed signs of wear and tear.I like the fresh fruits which was kept in the room on the first day we arrived they came in quite handy cause we checked in after 12 midnight and I was famished, I wish the fruits were very day. We stayed in one of the studio rooms which looked like a mini flat with all the kitchen essentials with the exception of a micro wave.Dubai is an expensive city with so many imitations, even in the malls where one would expect good originals at the exorbitant prices they had displayed, I went to Dubai with the intention of having a fun time and shopping till I was exhausted, The fun time we had but the shopping was a big disappointment to both my friend and I. Aside this Dubai was a lovely experience and the hotel is certainly a place I will recommend to friends and family on vacation,	
Aug 29 2008	Good Deal for Dubai	Dubai is a very expensive place to visit, so this was a great deal, in a good location. It's close to the airport, about 15 min, and costs $5 taxi ride (UAED25.00) The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and quiet with each room having a kitchenette. There are restaurants and stores within walking distance, and the Gold Souk is a moderate walk away (15 min). You might not want to make the walk in 51C heat, but it's difficult to get a taxi to take you such a short distance. There aren't taxis outside this hotel, just walk to the Radisson across the street, to catch a cab there. On leaving, the receptionist will call a cab for you, but be prepared for a wait. Some taxis had some difficulties finding the hotel because it's not very obvious from the street, so pick up a card from the receptionist that shows its location. The room was clean, with a view, but was showing some signs of wear with some water stains in the bathroom. Bed and furnishings were comfortable. We had a nice stay here.	
Jun 25 2008 	Needs a bit of TLC but great for the price !	At last a decent priced place to stay in Dubai ! My husband and I regularly use Dubai as a stop-over on long haul Business Trips but have struggled to find somewhere to stay which is within walking distance of the creek area and not 5 star hotel prices. The Le Meridien Residence Deira seems to be the answer. 5 minutes walking distance to the creek, on various bus routes, basic self-catering equiptment and a good price (all three nights for the price of one night at most other Dubai hotels). We stayed in a studio apartment which was basic but adequate for a three night stay. The apartment needed a bit of TLC particulary around the edges and the equiptment in the kitchen was a very strange assortment. There was a full oven and hob but no microwave or toaster ! The staff were all very helpful giving directions to a 24 hour supermarket upon arrival (at 01.00) so that we could buy water and breakfast provisions which was only 5 minutes walk. There is also a 24 petrol station directly opposite for water and drinks. The residence is only small and not very well sign posted, so our driver (Emirates Cars) struggled to find the residence the first night. We will certainly be using Le Meridien Residence Deira again in the future.	
Mar 19 2008 	Simple apartments in a good location in Deira area near Dubai Creek and old town	Stayed at Residence Deira by Le Meridien for 3 nights prior to a SIlversea cruise in the Persian Gulf. Got a fantastic rate on the Le Meridien website (720AED=$200US total including tax and airport shuttle for 3 nights in a studio apartment) since our stay was over a week-end (Friday). Wanted to book 1 additional night on our return, but that would have cost as much as the 3 previous nights put together, This is a small low-rise apartment building located just behind the Radisson SAS hotel, which is on Dubai Creek, within an easy walk of 30 cent water taxis to the historic center, gold and spice souks, and shopping (modern malls are a taxi ride away). There is a supermarket just a few blocks away. The hop-on sightseeing bus ($50 US) stops in front of the Riviera Hotel several blocks away.The 6 studios on each floor face the back (a quiet vacant lot), and the 3 one-bedroom suites face the front (busy street). Kitchen equipment is spartan (no toaster, no dish soap, cloth, towel or rack) but adequate for simple meals. There is a full 4 burner range and oven (no microwave). Bed and bath were quite clean, but kitchen could have used a good scrubbing. Bed linen was luxurious and beds were very good (firm).Metered taxis are hard to find (always engaged), so have the desk book in advance (hours at least) since unmetered taxis will cost at least double. Airport shuttle is free and there is a Le Meridien transport booth in the DXB arrival hall, which makes arrival and departure simple. There is a once a day free shuttle to the Le Meridien airport hotel (to use the spa and pool), There is no access to Le Meridien beach hotels.Since most hotels in Dubai start at $200 US per night (600AED plus 20%tax) and go well over $1,000 US, this was a real bargain.	
Jan 21 2008	Great for the rate 	I stayed in Le Meridien Residence Deira from 7th to 14th August 2007 for a week with my teenage son. I loved the location, it was central enought and within walking distance of Nasser square, the gold souk and shops, but away from the noise of the activities of Deira. The suite was very spacious and clean. The bed was comfortable and the linen luxurious. The guest amenities were extravagant for the price paid. The staff members were very friendly, warm and totally helpful.The only complaint my son had was that the television was not compatible with his Sony play station 2 console. That for him is a really big deal.I hope to stay there again if am travelling without my son. It is a great deal. I would recommend it for people looking for a decent accomodation in Deira at a very reasonable rate.Ayowande AyoNigeria.	
Dec 24 2007	Great Convenient Stay	Our first Dubai holiday in December 2004, We wanted to experience Dubai and chose to stay in the Diera City before going to Hilton Jumeirah. Went with gut feelings and chose Residence Diera. Better than expected, spacious, very convenient, within 5-10 mins walking distance to the gold Souk, eateries, mall, boat ride and easy to get a cab. We love it ! I would recommend this place to everyone. We came again for Dubai Shopping Festival 2007 and stayed in Mercato area. Traffic so bad. We decided to stay in Diera area next time. In fact, we coming to Residence Diera again on 18-25 Jan 2008.Dubai is the best shopping and eating place in the world!	
Nov 17 2007 	dump dont stay here forget that its cheap go elsewhere	no facilitiesdirty roombathroom brokendirty bedsheetsbad areanoisyunsafecheap but i checked out the next day, was terrible, could not stay another night here	
Jun 6 2007 	Decent "cheap" place to stay in Deira	My husband and I wanted to split our stay between the city and the beach- so we stayed here and saved money during our exploring days. The hotel was inexpensive for Dubai, and the rooms were large and fine. The location was good for exploring the souqs and catching an abra ride to Bur Dubai. Immediately around the hotel was business district, but you are a short/cheap taxi ride to a few decent hotels, malls, and the souqs (also walking distance depending on your heat tolerance). We came at the end of May and beginning of June- and could only take exploring for a few hours at a time and only for a few days.The hotel is more of an apartment style complex, and there are none of the concierge etc services of nicer hotels. The hotel also has a hard time getting taxis- so you will have to do it yourself from the busy street outside or go over two blocks to the entry of the Radission SAS (sometimes listed in guidebooks as the Intercontinental). However, the staff was very courteous and helpful- if not as knowledgeable as those in nicer places. The hotel doesn't really have restaurants in it, but there is an ok Iranian restaurant and a cheap and decent shwarma and sheesha resturaunt in the same building. The Radission SAS and a little complex near that have some better places to eat, too.	
Apr 30 2007 	A good place to stay	My husband and I have just spent a romantic 5 nights in Dubai and stopped here. It is a perfectly adequate, clean and friendly place to stay. We initially had a twin room with a kitchenette and asked for a double and were moved into a really spacious apartment with a separate bedroom, living area, kitchen area, and guest loo/washing machine room. The hotel is an annex of the main Le Meridian and as such doesn't have any dining or leisure facilities. If this is what you're after don't stop here. However if you can cope with the hotel transport to and from the smart main hotel (with 3 pools!) daily, or a £4 taxi , to use their facilities or can see yourself exploring elsewhere, it's a more than adequate place to stay. It is in the business district, and so not a particularly pretty area, but it is close to the airport and we found taxis to be reasonable and reliable. The staff at the hotel were really friendly and the upkeep of the room was faultless. There is a big Radisson SAS hotel across the road which is quite swanky, and seemingly welcoming of non-resident visitors. We ended up using that for its 9 different restaurants and to grab taxis to and from everywhere else. All in all, as long as you can do without the amenities of a 'proper' hotel ‘Deira Residence’ is a good place to stay.	
Aug 6 2006 	Great place to stay	Just returned from a fabulous stay in Dubai. Deira Residence Le Meridien was a great place to stay for a reasonable price. The rooms are spacious and clean with adequately equipped kitchenettes. The staff were friendly and couldn't do enough to help us. A minute's walk away from a main road, taxi's were in abundance and a cheap and safe way of getting around (make sure you get a taxi from one of the registered firms that use a meter to avoid being overcharged). The hotel was quiet and the lack of amenities (clubs, restaurants, shops) in my mind was a plus. I would advise this hotel to anyone who is looking for somewhere to use as a base whilst they explore the many wonders Dubai has to offer.	
May 29 2009 	niedriger Preis - niedrigere Qualität aber akzeptabel		
