Nov 22 2009	Hallmark hotel	Excellent hotel. Has great facilities. recommended!	
Nov 19 2008 	Good time at the Hallmark	Havejust come back home after having a 4 day break in Dubai. stayed at the Hallmark Hotel in deira. The hotel was great. The staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful and most importantly, courtious at all times. Myself and my travel companion felt safe and well looked after during our stay. The standart twin room we occupied was spacious and was very clean and well equipped with kettle and cups so that we could make a drink when we wanted. The bathroom was very clean indeed and well stocked with complimentary toiletries etc if you have forgotten to bring your toothbrush!Dubai is not so hot this time of year (only about 28 degrees centigrade) so it was so much pleasant to walk around the city. Air conditioning was available in the hotel room and in public areas of the hotel as well. The hotel is located just off Al Rigga Road, the main food street in Deira. You can eat any type of cuisine you desire, though be prepared for the prices as Dubai is not cheap! There is a shopping mall located less than 5 minutes from the hotel which for me, was excellent! Dubai creek and the Jumera beach side of Dubai is a small bus or taxi journey away. The hotel is ideally located for most attractions. If you get the chance, try the Big Bus company open top bus tour of Dubai. We pre-booked this trip on expedia at the time we booked our hotel and flights and got a good discount dong it this way. We got on the bus at the Deira City Centre Mall. It stops at all the main tourist attractions and you can hop on or off at any time.	
Sep 13 2007	Appalling experience	As someone who travels frequently on business and most often to the UAE I often consult Trip Advisor prior to booking a hotel that I don't know. This was the case with the Hallmark as it was a last minute booking and few hotels were available due to a computer expo. Firstly, this hotel is located in a dusty backstreet of Deira, the old Dubai and is practically impossible to find. My contact there has lived in Dubai since 1991 and had never heard of it - nor had any taxi driver. On arrival I could see why. It is two or three stars at a push and yet cost the price of the Al Murooj Rotana (a superb 5-star)! Even though we arrived a day late due to flight delays they refused to deduct a night's room tariff even though our room had been rented to someone else and we had to wait for it to be cleaned!The rooms were shabby. I had to move within 5 minutes due to the noise of nearby building works. But the thing that really finished it for me was that, in 45 degrees celsius of heat and 80% humidity, there was NO cold running water. At all. None. Zilch. Seeing as how the water temperature was so hot that I could only wash my hair by diving in and out at half second intervals it was practically impossible to wash - not ideal in such a climate. On reporting the problem to reception I was told that there was nothing they could do.To top it off the rooftop pool was tiny - impossible to cool off there.Another issue which is admittedly not their fault, the Hallmark's location in the middle of crowded Deira, means that it feels substantially hotter than downtown Bur Dubai or Jumeirah. A local told me this too. Finally, and again, not their fault, and a point to remember if you're new to Dubai, is that the traffic in Deira is atrocious. This means that if you want to go to the beach/mall/anywhere be prepared for a long trip. It took us 1 hour and 10 mins to get to the Mall of the Emirates!In short, after day two I couldn't hack it any more and checked into the Al Murooj Rotana (which was booked out when we arrived) and breathed a deep sigh of relief!I've never written a negative review of any hotel before but I feel that Trip Advisor readers deserve to get an honest opinion. If you're on business in Dubai please try the Al Murooj Rotana (10 mins to the beach or the Mall) or the Movenpick. Much better value than the Hallmark. Otherwise head to Jumeirah. For similar cash I hear the Habtoor Grand is great. Hope this helps!	
Mar 25 2007 	Poor Service - Mediocre and Expensive	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Feb 07. The service was terrible, and unfriendly. Rooms were barely adequate for the prices charged (over USD200), location just average, but what beat everything is the poor attitude of hotel staff. Suspicious of guests, inefficient, and unfriendly. Not a good value for money proposition.	
Mar 9 2007 	The winner takes it all Mark	A bit sceptical having read reviews, but didn't see any of the negatives mentioned. Having arrived at 9am they allowed an early check-in. Personally felt it was a great location to see the best bits of Dubai, nothing more than a cheap taxi ride away. This is not a hotel for anyone wanting a beach holiday in Dubai, but for anyone wanting to see the original Dubai on a short break, it's great. Not too far to Deira City for the start of the Big Bus Tour, close to the Creek for a Dhow cruise or Abra ride to Bur Dubai. Recommend the China Club Restaurant at the Raddisson close by. Didn't use many of the hotel facilities, except for the rooftop pool which is a great place to relax. The rooms were comfortably furnished. Only gripe is that the 2 bottles of drinking water provided on the first day was not replaced by the Chamber Maid, so suggest buying your own supply as the tap water is not drinkable. Recommended to any young people wanting a reasonably priced base to explore Dubai. Finally our request for a late check out was granted without any fuss, and they provided a free taxi to the airport.	
Nov 19 2006 	great experience at the Hallmark	After staying in Bur Dubai for 6 weeks in a nice but expensive hotel apartment, my family and I wanted to experience Dubai from Deira. We booked our stay at the Hallmark after reading the (then) one review on TripAdvisor. While the ongoing renovations meant the lobby was under various stages of construction, we enjoyed our stay at the Hallmark and loved the location within one block to Al Ghurair City Shopping Centre and with a free shuttle bus to Deira City Centre. With an infant, we appreciated that while the hotel was 4 star, it did not serve alcohol and thus we did not have a nightclub (or several) and the accompanying noise to contend with. There is construction everywhere in Dubai so any surrounding noises were expected and no problem. The buffet breakfast, while sometimes a bit crowded (this was alleviated when the hotel opened an adjacent room to accommodate everyone), was so delicious - particularly the local offerings - moutabal, hummus, feta, etc. Our favorite aspect, as Americans, were the many Iranian guests we met at the Hallmark during our stay. All, without exception, were warmly welcoming to the region and made our stay at the Hallmark extra special (as did the lovely Ethiopian woman who works in the lobby cafe). There is a pool and fitness area on the top floor although we did not use these as it was so hot in August - I imagine it would be nice at other times of year. There is also an excellent and cheap juice/shwarma place around the corner - Infinity.com I think. Very refreshing watermelon juice. Given how expensive Dubai is, our room rate (@ $99 USD per night) made the Hallmark an excellent and recommended value. We later stayed at a horrible place on Jumeirah Beach, and wished we were back at the Hallmark!	
Nov 5 2006 	10 out of 10	having read previous reviews very dubious about our forthcoming stay however need not have been. the refurb is complete rooms great location good but best of all the helpfulness of the staff. they were all very friendly escpecially the bellboys! we had a brill time!	
Aug 16 2006 	hellhole	After reading the reviews on the Hallmark hotel, I decided that this was the hotel for myself and my family to stay at for a enjoyable holiday.On our arrival after a long tiring journey from England we started to experience the hotels bad service,we arrived at 7.30m and was not offered our rooms until 11.30am.We werent offered any refreshments only advice to look around the streets (as if we needed this after our journey but we had no other choice). When we were finally shown our rooms they were both single rooms, we complained that this was unacceptable as we had booked doubles their response was carefree with no consideration to try and sort this out immediately.We were then offered to stay in these rooms as no other room would be ready until 14.00hrs, we agreed to this but ended up staying in these rooms for our whole 14 days as nothing ever got sorted out. The hotels rating states a 4star as it has been recently refurbished, this is not the case, our stay involved us having to accomodate around the on going work night and day.We didnt use the coffee shop due the dust and noise of workmen in the reception and during the evening you would need a mask if you ventured downstairs as they were using sray paint. The hotel reception staff sat behind their desks of a evening with the doors open all masked up, so this meant the downstairs coffee/lounge was out of use unless you wanted to sit amongst this.The bathrooms were of a decent size but sorry to say I wish the hygiene was to. We reported this,and they sent a maintenance man up with the cleaner to inspect the black mould that was growing around the bath.We also pointed out that the light switch on the head board had loose live wires hanging out and the window had a broken handle and was held in by one screw.Wallpaper was ripped and it looked if as someone had had their dirty feet on the wall and the air conditioning unit was constantly leaking.The reponse was the hotel was in the process of being refurbished and it will look lovely when its all finished but for now there was nothing they could do.You could imagine our anger as this was no use to us, we had paid for a 4 stat hotel,no compensation or even to change our rooms was offered, they said the hotels manager would get back to us and we handed them the completed guest service form.By the time our holiday had come to an end no one got back to us, we are so relieved to be home to get some sleep as I must also mention that there constant building work going on at the back of the hotel (looks as if a another hotel is to be errected), this kept my children awake due the 24hrs generators running. My advice is check it all out before you book.	
Apr 13 2006	Top marks to the Hallmark	Date 13th April 2006We have just returned from a week at the Hallmark Hotel in Dubai, which greatly exceeded our expectations. When 'Value Added Travel' recommended the hotel to us I was concerned that I couldn't find it in any of the Travel books, nor had it been rated on the Trip advisor website, which I always consult in advance of making a holiday booking. 'Value Added' said that the facilities couldn't be bettered at the price, so we decided to take a risk. Eventually I found a mention of the Hallmark in the 2005 Footsteps guide, and then realised that it was probably too new to have made the other editionsThe hotel is family run and couldn't have done more to make our holiday the success that it was. They arranged complementary airport transfers both ways,all the staff were helpful and friendly, Reception provided good advice on trips and things to do etc The Hallmark is about 5 minutes drive from the Airport in downtown Deira, but being positioned in between Al Rigga Road and Al Maktoum Road , it is remarkably free from traffic noise and as no alcohol is served on the premesis there was no bar to disturb us either! We only saw/ heard planes when using the rooftop swimming pool and sunbathing area.As the Hallmark is only 2 years old, it is still in pristine condition, Standard Rooms are a good size - fitting in an extra bed for our 9 year old daughter was no problem - with all the usual 4* facilities. There are Monet prints on the walls and lovely deep baths in the ensuite.We were concerned that staying in a city centre location could be a disadvantage, especially as our daughter loves the beach, but this is compensated for by the daily morning shuttle to and from the Jumeriah Beach Park (nominal 5 Dhrs entrance per person) about 20 minutes drive away. There's also a free shuttle to a nearby Shopping Mall at 4pm daily (return at 8pm)Food at the hotel was good. There's an excellent complementary Buffet Breakfast and the Coffee shop is open all day until well into the evening, serving a good range of snacks, pasta/pizzas etc. The Restaurant serves a really good Buffet at lunchtime, prices both there and in the Coffee Shop are reasonable and well below what one would pay for similar fare in EnglandAlthough the Rooftop pool is on the small side it is an ideal spot to relax and sunbathe. Towels are provided and there are a good supply of chairs and umbrellasSo top marks to the Hallmark, and also to Value Added Travel, for having such good local knowledge and recommending the hotel to us. We found this Agent by chance on the Internet and would certainly book through them again for Midddle East trips.	
