Dec 14 2008	Not Burj Al arab but it was pleasant	Dubai was our last stop before heading home to Perth, Australia. Having searched for a decent (value) hotel on the internet, we decided to gave this hotel a go. We were gonna settle for Ibis, thank God we didnt; its shoe box size room kinda put me off.Anyway, when you arrived in Dubai and if you're holding Australian pasport, you wouldnt need to get a visa; so went straight to the immigration queue line (in Paris we were told by the ticketing lady to get visa when we arrived in dubai. Doh!). We checked with the airport guy in Dubai and he said we DIDNT NEED A VISA!.Ok, lets moved on to other important thing: BEER! or any other alcohol beverages for that matter...Grabbed yourself a trolley, went straight to duty free shop, and filled your trolley with as much cartons of beer/alcohol beverages as possible. Why??? because outside the airport; Dubai's a dry country. If in any case alcohol were available, it's very-very expensive. So word of advise: stocked up before leaving the airport!!! (so you'll always had cold beer in your room after a full day tour on a hot day - sweet!!!)So, back to Dubai Concorde, we've got picked up and taken to the hotel. By the time we got to the hotel it was past midnight and only the night shift were on duty. They asked us to leave the passport overnight (which I reluctantly gave, which made me all panicky thinking of them losing our passports) but luckily they did take good care of the passport and were handed back to us in the morning after the receptionist sorted out all the admin. My husband said “they have stacks of all the guests passports there” – the thought of this made me shiver.And I was glad to see that I wasn’t the only one who’s not comfortable leaving my own passport in their hand, because the next day while we were chatting with the front office this middle eastern guest was literally begging the receptionist to keep his passport safely or else.Now, the hotel itself; I must say it’s no Burj Al Arab but it’s was a pleasant hotel to stay. The staff were friendly, the hotel clean and comfortable, with big room and comfy bed and AC!!! Breakfast buffet were good and plentiful. The location of the hotel was close to the Gold Souk. They organized a car to take us to the Burj Al Arab for dinner which was nice (you needed to call the Burj for dinner reservation and they’ll send you a confirmation fax. Then you must bring that fax and showed it to the security at the gate to enter Burj Al Arab – I know…. It sounded like mission impossible or 007 but it so worth it)Attached to the hotel, on the ground floor there’s a restaurant where you could try some shisha.We were in Dubai mid June and the sky was unfortunaly foggy	
