Sep 2 2009 	Average at best	First bad impression was at the airport. At Le Meridien's desk I was told transport to the hotel is free, and then charged AED50 at checkout. Do yourself a favour and take a metered taxi.Also at checkout, the reception would not call a metered taxi, and instead a driver was summoned that would only go to the airport at a set rate.There is a shuttle to Deira City Centre mall, but it only runs until 8pm, and takes over 45 minutes to come back to the hotel from the mall. You cannot get across the busy main road another way.The rooms itself were ok, but nothing special. Everything in the hotel is vastly overpriced, from the $6 can of coke in the minibar down to the restaurant. All the staff I encountered seemed very disinterested.After staying at the much cheaper Le Meridien Apartments in Bur Dubai previous week, this hotel was a let downThere are far better hotels at this comfort range in Dubai for a better price.	
Jul 12 2009 	Very average hotel.	Not located in a great place, but not to far from the airport.Average hotel, with average service, not as good as sister hotel, Le Meridien Airport. Rooms clean and comfortable and complimentary fruit basket supplied.Beware of the fee levied for to/from airport pickup. On booking I was told airport pickup was complimentary, but on arrival was told there was a charge.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Very nice hotel for a very good price.Big on cleanliness with good decorExcellent Excellent locationBehind the hotel there is a complete market with restaurants, shops, etcClose to city center (walking distance)Shuttle service very effectiveIn all, A+++	
May 26 2009 	Dubai stay	I recently stayed in the Meridien Fairway and although it's location isn't the best, the hotel itself was excellent. The staff couldn't do enough for you, the rooms wer comfortable, spacious and very clean. I would most certainly recommend this hotel as it was excellent value for money. There was a restaurant within the hotel and there are also a number of restaurants within walking distance. It wasn't close to the beaches, malls etc, although taxis were easy to get hold of. The hotel also offered a shuttle service to the Meridien Dubai which had a gorgeous swimming pool that could be used free of charge.	
May 21 2009 	value for money good location	This was our second trip to Dubai and we prefer to stay in the Creek, and this hotel was a good location for us, very near the airport and the City Centre Mall. I prefer small boutique hotels and this is one. We found the staff to be very friendly at all times including the housekeeping staff. Head of housekeeping came around and asked us if we were staified with the standard of cleaning etc. We have never had that before! We arrived at 8am for a 5 night trip and the room was not ready until 10am so we had breakfast in the hotel, a little expensive but on arrival after a long flight on Virgin where the food was appaling paying hotel prices was ok.City Centre Mall (about 5 mins away by car) is the 'local mall' and has loads of excellent places to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner. The conceirge was able to get us a taxi when ever we needed and taxis knew where we were going on our return journey. Just a word of caution the hotel does have use of a 'car service' which is good but double the price of a taxi, be careful and ensure you ask for the Dubai taxi.The only bad experience when using the taxi to take us to City Centre Mall, the taxi driver took us the 'scenic route' including stopping for petrol and still had the cheek to charge us 12 Dirhams instead of the 10 Dirhams, bearing in mind the that the reall cost should have been 7.50 Dirhams but there is a minimum charge to the Mall of 10 Dirhams. It might seem petty but I hate people trying to take tourist for fools.The deluxe room was everything like the picutres stated and the beds were very comfortable. With complimentary bottle water left every day and so with the fruit. Apples are free at the reception as well.The hotel pool is small but like other reviewrs said it is in the shade BUT you can use the nearby 5 star le Meridien Dubai facilities free of charge and we did take advantage of this. A free shuttle bus (that also stops at the City Centre Mall) is availble at times during the day.You can use the Le Meridien in Jumeriah, on the beach but you have to pay for that, the price includes transportation but other hotels like Hilton Dubai Creek twin with Hilton Jumeriah Beach hotel and their is no charge!I never experienced any negative issues whilst at the hotel. There are restaurants on the same 'strip' as the hotel including T.G. I Fridays and Chilli's also if you want traditonal food their is a very good restaurant.I recommend the Desert safari for a trip and also the Friday Brunch at Le Meridien Dubai.Would I stay here again...most definetely but there are so many hotels in Dubai that I would like to try.Want to be gold and diamonds go to the Gold and Diamond Souk (indoor and air conditioned) as it is much cheaper and better service than the Gold Souk in Deira!The reason why I gave it a four rating was because of the swiming pool	
May 10 2009 	Real crap - I wouldnt stay here again	Worst hotel I have stayed in for a long time. Deluxe room was 500 dollarsThe fruit in the rooms was rottenThe breakfast had no vegetarian options: the buffet itself had very limited choicethe waiters were unfriendlythey charge for 24 hours internet with a clause that you cannot log off your browser (even inadvertantly) for a few mins - else they will charge you for another 24 hour coupon. I could go on. Ever heard of a ripoff? Well this is it.	
Apr 20 2009 	4* Facilities Perhaps. 5* Staff and Service	This was a very nice 4* hotel, very convenient for the airport. More a business than tourist hotel, but all the facilities you could ask for.Rooms were very spacious and clean. In fact cleaner than was necessary in as much as towels and linen changed every day, despite the option of saving energy by allowing guests to request when changes made.Staff very friendly and helpful.Facilities good. Pool small and mostly in the shade, Suited me. If you want more traditional poolside activity then take free transport to Le Meridian Dubai. If you are more adventurous you can walk, it is 15 min away walking. If you get tired nip into one of the air conditioned bus shelters for a rest.Car to Dubai Mall £10, by local taxi £5. Not expensive by UK standards. Do not listen to stories about taxis being difficult to find. They are plentiful , particularly on the road behind the hotel, and if you are stuck the hotel staff will get one for you. Just make sure you ask for a taxi and not a car if you feel £10 is too much.5 Minutes walking from Irish Village, really just an open air pub where food is good but not cheap. Hotel prices can be expensive £6 for a Latte. Next door, turn right as you exit hotel, is a reastuarant and coffee shop £2 for a Latte, the best we tasted in Dubai. It also does reasonably priced breakfasts.Hotel food is excellent but at hotel prices. Plenty of reasonably priced alternatives within walking distance.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great stay and we're used to Taj hotels	had a really pleasant stay here, staff were friendly, and as we were newlyweds, they upgraded us to a gorgeous suite with views of city. Rooms were decorated really well, very fresh and modern, Bed was very very comfy! Only stayed 3 nights, but defo worth it, very very good value for money, especially with the crazy hotel prices in dubai	
Mar 12 2009 	Great location for a brief stopover in Dubai	My husband and I stayed here for one night recently en route from London to Malaysia. The location of the hotel for the airport is great. The hotel is very dated and is situated on the side of a very busy dual carriageway in the centre of road works!The hotel is very clean and our bedroom was larger than average, with a very comfortable bed and good quality bed linen. The bathroom was dated, but again very clean and everything worked. The room was also very quiet and in spite of being so near the airport and the road, we were not disturbed either at night nor during an afternoon siesta.The swimming pool was small and very basic.The breakfast was adequate but expensive. We did not use the dining room but it did not look very inviting.The staff, without exception were pleasant and efficient.We used the shuttle bus to go to the other Meridien which was very close and it had every facility one could wish for and a many restuarants to chose from, serving every sort of food.Our taxi trip to the airport on the morning of our departure only took about 10 minutes.	
Dec 10 2008 	Average stay	The hotel was a good bargain since we got it at 600AED in the peak season, but the overall experience was just average. i was told that this is one of the good hotels.Rooms were clean. Breakfast was bland. Indian restaurant is amazing and the service is the best.They did assist in getting the taxi which is a relief otherwise in dubai its a nightmare, the only thing was they wanted us to take the hotel taxi which is more than double the regular taxi.	
Nov 22 2008 	very nice and pleasant stay	VERY clean and well looked after by all the staff,the pool was a waste of time and we used the free shuttle from here to the Le Meridian Dubai 5 mins away.The room was big clean and had every thing we needed except tea/coffee making facilities. We bought a kettle and two cups and this worked out much cheaper.Dubai is not for me as you have to take taxi,s every where and the traffic is unbeliveable.This hotel is ok if you need/want a stopover as it,s very close to the airport.	
Oct 20 2008 	Mixed experience	Friendly staff, efficient check in. Large and nice rooms. Price was quite ok for a four star in Dubai.Didn't like the location, right next to a very busy street (if you're staying there for golf expect to book a taxi for getting to the golf course).Found the hotel to be quite noisy - They were drilling holes in the walls of the room next to mine on Friday morning 8am (that's their weekend).Next night someone in the room above me started some sawing and hammering right after midnight.Breakfast slighty disappointing, found chairs and table not very clean. Tried the Indian restaurant in house and did not like the food, but there are a couple of restaurants in very short distance.Expect to need a taxi for almost everything due to location (you'll even need one to get to the City Centre Mall which is just across the street), but since they are hard to get my recommendation would be to hire a car (ample of parking space in the service road right in front of the property).	
Oct 5 2008 	Loved Le Meridien Fairway	Wonderful place to stay. Friendly staff who were all incredibly welcoming. Spacious rooms, great location. Superbly clean.	
Jun 9 2008 	Le Meridien Fairway... Great!!	Leave behind the overcrowded overheated Dubai airport with a pickup in an air conditioned wagon from the Le Meridien. Clean hotel large rooms, friendly staff, generous food portions from room service and restaurants.....very good	
Jun 3 2008	Awful Hotel	UNENJOYBLE STAY - WOULD NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.On first arriving at the hotel, all seemed ok - the staff were friendly and the room was big. Unfortunately once the excitement died down we noticed the reality... Where do I begin..... Firstly, the bathroom was shabby and unclean. There were hairs on the wall from the previous occupants. The shower was faulty and even after numerous complaints it was never fixed. The extractor in the bathroom did not work, and in a twin room this was problematic as the 2nd person to bath/shower had to wait ages for the steam to leave so that the mirror could be visible. The electrical socket was hanging out of the wall; each day they would take our towels but fail to replace all of them - each day we had to phone and request for the missing towels to be brought up to us.The list of problems is endless and when we raised them with the previously friendly staff, they turned out to be rude and hostile.I can't even be bothered to carry on complaining - just be advised NOT to stay here - even though its cheap it would be far better to pay the extra and stay somewhere better.	
Apr 30 2008 	Worst Staff Ever !!!!!!!!!	I stayed here in april 2008. 25th until 27th. I made the booking through hotels.com and made it for the le meridien on airprt road. However, when i received the email cnfirmation it stated fairway. I contacted Hotels.com and they where really unhelpful, wanted me to pay a further 1100 pounds (initially paid 1000 pounds). then they would refund 700 pounds back to me in 30 days. Anyway, i got to Dubai, with the whole family, we ahd booked 4 rooms. They messed up the roms and gave our exec room to someone else so we had to stay in a standard double room. Overall, there was only two decent staff members in the whole hotel, The sri lankan life guard (who is so so so under paid) and Dexter from the restaurant. All the rest, especially the counter staff, are liers, rude, incompetant and dishonest. Please be advised to keep all your valuables locked away as they will clean (enter) your room even when you request them not to. This is a nice hotel in the building sense, but the worst hotel in the world when it comes down to staff. Please be warned about the staff, connie is a philipino receptionist, and she is as she says a supervisor, i say she is the most, unreliable, dishonest, disrespectful customer service rep i have ever come across. I go dubai alot, bit its was my familys first time. The staff in this hotel have totally ruined ever going back to dubai. My familys first experiance was the worst experiance. Please please please take this review serious and do not bok through hotels.com and do not stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 10 2008 	Good service will stay again	We will stay at Fairways in the future for short breaks to Dubai, as we are not into lounging by the pool every day and tend to go out for shopping and food. We spent our first 3 nights in Dubai at the Fairways and then transferred to Le Meridien Dubai (just around the corner, see separate review) as friends were coming to town and were staying there, and it is a better hotel to be sociable at with all the restaurant options etc, and the pool scene is good.We liked Fairways mostly because of the service and value. We got off to a tedious start by the Le Meridien desk at the airport not being advised of our flight number or time of arrival (and thus everyone else showing up for their complementary transfer was whisked off before us - we had to wait 20 min). I had phoned the hotel 4 days before our arrival to advise time and flight, and when we got to the hotel discovered they did indeed have this info - it just hadn't made it to the desk at the airport (I also cynically suspect that they wish to treat customers at the higher-class Le Meridien hotels better....). also, at arrival at 1:00am, they no longer had a non-smoking room available, even though we had requested it when booking on e-bookers (all I can recommend is that, once you book with a travel site, e-mail the hotel directly to confirm flight times and numbers, and also your wish for a smoking or non-smoking room and if you have late arrival). All the inital hassle was swept away the next morning when they were all ready to move us to another room in the morning - we were going out shopping (using the free shuttle bus, very handy) and they moved our bags etc to the new room and had it ready when we returned. All this with apologies and smiles and very accommodating service. We were also advised that we could go use the beach facilities at the Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa, so we could have a day at the beach. It costs 100 AED per person, and you have to get out there (about a 20 min taxi drive depending on the time of day - traffic is horrible in Dubai!), but we had a great time out there and as we are not really beach goers, it was great to have one day at the beach and the resort without having to stay there.For the remaining 2 nights we were very comfy, had great service from the front desk, took advantage of the free hourly shuttle to Le Meridien Dubai and the restaurant booking the front desk did for us, used the gym which was small but good equipment and no one it it (bonus!). Rooms are narrow but nicely decoraged and comfy beds, bathrooms good with fluffy towels and nicer than Le Meridien Dubai standard room bathrooms which need updating (although both hotels have those crummy on-the-wall hairdryers that yellow with age, have no power and the handle gets to hot when you use it for more than 2 minutes you have to stop). We had the complementary airport transfer included and also a fruit basket refreshed each day, and free bottled water each evening.We will definitely stay here again for a short trip to Dubai where lounging by the pool is not our goal (the pool is fine but only gets direct sun for about 2 hours each day). thanks to the staff at the hotel for turning around our initial hassle into a really comfortable stay.Oh - by the way, there is no spa here, but within walking distance there is a really excellent Thai massage place (afraid I can't remember the name, but it's on 2nd Street - turn left out of the front door of the hotel, walk on the sidewalk and turn left again just before the petrol station to the next street, turn right and the Thai massage place is on your left with a big green sign out front). both my husband and I had a half hour back and neck massage on our first day and it was fantastic! Thai massage so you just put on the little pyjama top vs them using oil. It was so good that we went again (you can also get an oil massage but I had Thai again) for a full hour massage. If you don't like getting your neck cracked, tell them before you start, but they did an excellent job and good prices too. there is also the Akarau Spa in the Avation Club area (close to the Emirates training school, again within walking distance) and I went there for a scrub - nice facility, nice relaxation area, small but reasonably priced, don't worry you don't have to be a member of the Aviation Club to use the spa or visit any of the good restaurants they have on site. Check them out on the website and in cooler weather excellent as you can walk there from both Fairways and Le Meridien Dubai.	
Jan 11 2008 	A mixed bag	We arranged the complementary airport transportation with the hotel prior to leaving for Dubai. After the baggage claim in DXB there is a desk that handles all of the Dubai Le Meridiens’ transportation needs. We checked-in with the desk there and were escorted to a shuttle out by the curb. After a stop at the Le Meridien Dubai across the street from the airport we arrived at the Fairway quite quickly. By this time it was well after 1:00am. The bell staff were great and very helpful. The check-in was so unfriendly and unhelpful that it really made us question our decision to stay here. (The day shift front desk people were much nicer and friendly.) We stayed for three nights booked through spg.com on a AAA rate that was 700AED/night. Our room was on the first floor, which is really the third floor of the hotel. It faced the back of the hotel that had views of the neighborhood which was fine. The rooms are really long and are all a little different because of the roundness of the building. The bathroom was a little small but adequate. One weird thing is that the only bottled toiletries that they stock the bathroom with were 4 bottles of shampoo. There was no lotion or conditioner. I had to ask housekeeping for lotion and they gave me a lotion that I am assuming is for the suites because it was the Hermes Eau D’orange verte. There was a flatscreen tv that was nice. They also gave bottled water every day. The rooms are serviced twice a day, which is really nice. The rest of the hotel is nice, but not spectacular. The breakfast in the Petit Café was fine. The selection was small, but with less than 60 rooms in the hotel, it hardly warrants a huge breakfast buffet. The service was good and you can special order eggs, waffles, or pancakes from the server with no problems. We didn’t eat at any other place in the hotel. We made use of the “business center” which is located behind the reception in the hotel offices. We used the internet several times and found out when we checked out of the hotel that we were charged every single time. They do not specify this charge anywhere and we were under the impression that it was complementary.I agree with other reviews that the food at the nearby Al Hallab restaurant is good and reasonably priced. Getting taxis was never a problem and one of the best features of the hotel is that the Deira City Center mall operates a free shuttle about 10 times a day. The Fairway is the last hotel stop after the Le Meridien Dubai, Al Bustan Rotana, and Millennium Airport hotels from the mall, but to the mall the ride is only a few minutes. The Deira City Center mall operates 2 different bus lines and the Fairway is on bus #1.One of the drawbacks to staying at this hotel, as other reviews have mentioned, is that many taxis do not know where it is. One night we took a taxi from Bur Dubai and the taxi driver had no idea where it was located even though we gave him the little map that the hotel provides. We just asked him to take us to the airport Le Meridien instead. From there we took the free shuttle to the Fairway. It appears that this hotel is strongly linked with the Le Meridien Dubai because they have the free shuttle and if you stay at the Fairway you are entitled to use all of the pool and gym facilities there too. Also many of the items at the Fairway that have the hotel logo say “Le Meridien Dubai” instead of the “Le Meridien Fairway.”	
Jan 2 2008 	Great staff OK rooms	As with the majority of the reviews I'd have to agree on this hotel. We ended up booking this as we left it so late that there weren't many vacancies, amazing given the amount of hotels in Dubai, in the price range we wanted to pay. Also we were travelling during the school break so that made prices higher.The staff here are great and if you're travelling with babies they are fantastic at taking them off your hands while you have breakfast. The breakfast in itself is pretty poor as it's a very small buffet and it didn't seem to be that you could order anything specific. The lunch we had at the Spice club was very nice although the dinner was pretty ordinary and the meals at the Press club were just awful. I'd recommend Al Haleb just down the road (turn left out of the hotel) and if it's American style stuff there is Chillis and a couple of others just a little further down, all within walking distance.The pool is small but there wasn't anyone using it probably because this really does seem like a business hotel. The rooms were spacious and we didn't have a problem with cleanliness and we can only be grateful that after a 17 hour flight from NZ we got an early check in and picked up from the airport.I'd probably choose to be closer to the beach next time but that has nothing to do with the hotel, just its location.	
Jan 2 2008 	Fantastic value	I didn't want to spend too much on our stay as it was literally an overnight stop with an early start. I booked it mainly because of its proximity to the airport. I was surprised at just how good a hotel it was for the amount we actually paid. It was modern with excellent facilities and helpful staff. We got an upgrade to a very comfortable room and it felt a great shame that we were asleep for most of our visit. The Spice Club restaurant was excellent as was the buffet breakfast. If you're looking for a sight seeing, shopping or even a golf break in Dubai then I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 6 2007 	Wow..!!	From the airport, the service desk of the hotel gave a first rate service. The hotel is very clean, quiet and very big rooms. I cannot fault them for anything. It is not far from everything and places you want to go to, but it is well situated from all the noise and construction taken place in Dubai. The only thing is most taxi drivers do not know how to get there. It is very quiet inside the hotel. The porters will be very willing to help you with almost anything. Always book your taxi before leaving your room, but remember to ask for meter taxi	
May 25 2007 	Good location nice retreat	First time I had to go to Dubai for business. When planning I was amazed by the huge amount of hotels in Dubai and found it difficult to choose. As I arrived late in the evening and would fly back at 1:00 am I decided that staying close(ish) to the airport would be wise. Business budget for a hotel is about 100GBP per night. Based on all that and the reviews on Tripadvisor I choose Le Meridien Fairway.Reception staff was extremely helpful and friendly from day one. Hotel room was very spacious, clean and with all the things one expects from a premium hotel (incl. free wireless internet access, even though hrs.de mentioned there was a charge for it). Turn down service and a free bottle of water every day were nice extra touches.Breakfast selection was fine, I went for room service twice which only costed slightly more (I think 10 DHS - 1.50 GBP). The hotel's location is very good right in the (original) centre of Dubai and a few minutes from the airport. Taxis in Dubai cost very little and even a chauffeur organised by the hotel &quot;only&quot; costs 75 DHS (11 GBP) per hour, which can be a nice alternative to see a bit of the city. I only had a snack in one of the hotel's bar (Press club), which was nice. But I heard from other hotel guests that the main restaurant (Indian) wasn't very good.	
May 11 2007 	Great deal convenient airport location	You cannot do better than this for a convienient to the airport hotel without paying 5 star prices. I'd recommend it for a day or two stopover. There are several restaurants (western and local), a Caribou Coffee, and the Irish Village within walking distance.... though you do need to take a taxi to see most sites. The Festival City and Deira City Centre mall are very close via taxi.The hotel itself is pleasant, there are a couple of decent restaurants inside. Rooms are a good size as well. Pool is small but workout facility looked pretty nice. Staff was very helpful.	
Mar 21 2007	Quality surroundings that make great value for money	A firstr class hotel offering more than comfortable rooms, extremely helpful staff and pleasant surroundings. I could not find any cause for complaint.Le MEridian fairway is situated just 10 minutes or so from the airport, (and Le Meridiian have a desk in the Airport who will arrange transport to the hotel for you upon arrival) yet is convenient to the city centre shopping centre, and a wide range of restaurants literally just down the street. Just 5 minutes walk around the corner is th Irish Village shich also has a number of excellant restaurants of all types of cuisine from Chinese, to steakhouses to Lebanonese.I certainly would have no hesitation in recommending Le MEridian fairway to anyone. An excellent hotel and good value for money.	
Mar 3 2007 	Perfect	Looking for a good value with comfort I was not disappointed. This hotel chain has never let me down. The staff is always professional and polite and the rooms are comfortable, tasteful, clean and quiet. The room service is always prompt and the food is good. I would reccomend this hotel and will return.	
Mar 1 2007	Not for a leisure trip	I would not recommed this hotel for a holiday in Dubai - its a commerial hotel close to the commerial district, airport and Deira city centre mall. I stayed there on a short stop-over from Australia and I found it to be first class for that purpose. At its front it has a very busy freeway but also a service road with parked cars, and at the back, the view from my window, a school and the Welcare Hospital. That's the negative points - the positive points are, very comfortable, quiet, clean rooms, free fruit bowl, 32&quot; flat screen TV, gym, sauna, but above all excellent friendly efficient staff who are standouting in wanting to please. The food was good including the Petite Cafe and Spice Club. I arrived into Dubai Airport at 06.30 arriving at the hotel at 07.30 but they permitted me to check-in straight away before the 12.00 mid-day check-in time. Residents of the Fairway can also use the Le Meridien Dubai Airport Hotel as they are the same owners but the Fairway Hotel is much cheaper. They run a 24hour, on request, complimentary shuttle to the airport and also an hourly shuttle to the Le Meridien Dubai Airport and a daily Shuttle to Jumeira public beach.	
Oct 17 2006 	Only in an emergency	Emirates Airlines booked us into this hotel as Le Meridien Airport was not available. There's no comparison - this hotel is tiny, the pool is minute, and the room was rather old fashioned. Little things weren't great - like the wardrobe was broken, and there were chipped tiles in the bathroom and scratches on the furniture. It was small which, oddly, was not an enhancement - it felt pokey and back-water-ish. And it's on a busy roadway and doesn't feel easy and relaxed and luxurious and spacious and charming, as the Le Meridien Airport does.	
Sep 17 2006 	Convenient but not recoomended	I stayed here for a couple of nights on business. it was conveient for my business meeting s and for the airport but otherwise i woudl not neccesarily stay here. It was expensive (mind you all are in Dubai). The breakfast was poor, as was the food overall. Cleanliness was not ideal. The room swere fine, and comfortable, and most facilities ok. Staff service was good in the most part. It was a standard hotel charging Dubai prices - better can be found	
Sep 3 2006 	Luxurious	My husband and I are not extravagant people, so this was a luxury stay for us. However, since Dubai is so expensive, Le Meridien Fairway was relatively cheap. It's definitely worth it to stay there versus staying at the main Le Meridien, because you have full access to the main Le Meridien (free shuttle on the hour every hour) and it's facilities (3 pools, 15 amazing restaurants and growing), but without the Le Meridien price! Our room was considerably large, although we've been traveling through 3rd world countries, so our perspectives may be a bit skewed. The turn down service was nice, as was the free bottomless fruit and water in the room. The bathroom was great; however, the hair dryer left much to be desired. It resembles a vacuum cleaner and burns your hand after about 5 minutes. My husband's favorite aspect of the room was the large flat screen TV with plenty of English channels. Also a note, somehow I made the reservation for 1 person in the room, so the price was different. I'm not sure exactly how I did this, being a seasoned traveler, but everyone makes mistakes! In case it's tricky, be warned! In addition to the main hotel, the Fairway also offers free hourly shuttles to the airport, the Deira City Center Mall and the Gold Souk, and the staff is very friendly in recommending where to go and how to get there.	
Aug 4 2006 	Enjoyed so much	After reading mixed comments about this hotel, it didn't get off to a good start when the room wasn't ready when we arrived. Took several hours before we were offered a smoking room which i was not impressed with. That was until I saw the room. Top quality and service to match. Not the greatest view in the world but the room was so nice I had no hesitations about staying there. Being very tall and finding beds to match my size was great. Staff was very pleasant at all times and always willing to help when we arrived back at the hotel ladened with shopping.I would return to Dubai in a heartbeat but equally stay at this hotel which beats staying at some of the more commercial alternatives. At least it was near to the gold souq's which we frequented on a regular basis.	
Jul 3 2006	Great Hotel	Excellent Hotel, very friendly staff who couldn't do enough for you. Rooms large and spotless. Pool lovely and very welcoming on a hot day. Great food at reasonable prices. Couldn't fault this hotel at all. 10 out of 10	
Jan 21 2006	Great service	Stayed at the Fairway for 4 nights on business &amp; for the weekend. Service was first class: I arrived 4 hours before check in time but was given a room to freshen up &amp; have a shower as my non-smoking room wasn't ready.The hotel is close to the airport but very quiet and the staff very helpful. The pool area is quite small and mostly in the shade though.	
Jan 18 2006	Good value for money!	Stayed in the Meridien Fairway for four nights in January 2006 for the first 24 hour car race in Dubai. We were looking for five rooms in a cheap hotel and got excellent rates (500 Dirham plus local tax and service) on the Meridien websites (check rates close to your arrival, they reduce prices every day!). What an amazing experience! It is a small boutique hotel with only 56 rooms on three floors. The rooms are spacious and were newly refurbished at least on the second floor. Staff was extremely friendly, helpful and competent. I had a very early check-in for free and a late check-out at 9.00 pm prior to my late night flight back to Europe for 250 Dirham. Location is far from stunning, but if you don't want to stay too many hours per day in your hotel room, it's just fine. You can use all facilities in the huge Merdidian Airport hotel, which is five minutes to walk. There are also shuttles available for free. The Merdidian Airport hotel has three pools, a great gym, 15 (!) restaurants and three bars. Try the Japanese restaurant, it's just fantastic! There is nothing wrong with the Fairway hotel, despite some unfriendly remarks on tripadvisor. They have a free airport shuttle 24/7. You definitely need to have a car, to experience Dubai city and the beaches. Otherwise you have to take a taxi. Make sure, the cabbie knows the way to the Merdidien Fairway, it's not easy to find. The hotel supplies you with a small map card for the taxi drivers. If you're looking for a proper hotel and reasonable rates, the Meridien Fairway is the place to be!	
Jan 9 2006	You get what you pay for...	My wife and I just spent a night at the Le Meridien Fairway. The hotel was kind enough to let us check-in much earlier than the standard check-in time. We had requested a non-smoking room but were happy to get any room early. The smoking room we stayed in actually had no cigarette smell, for the most part. The only hint of cigarette smell was from the hair dryer. The biggest drawback to the room were the many dark carpet stains. It just made the room feel unclean. The Le Meridien Fairway is fairly cheap compared to other hotels, but I would have paid more for a clean room.	
Jan 9 2006	Adequate Stopover Hotel	My husband and I stayed here as a stopover on our way home from the UK to Sydney for 4 nights. The transfer from the airport to the hotel around 1am went smoothly and we received a friendly welcome at reception. We had pre-booked a couple of sightseeing tours beforehand via email with the hotel, and we asked if these were confirmed upon our check-in and were assured they were. The next morning we rang down to check what time were were to be picked up and were told they would get back to us - which they didn't. After going down to reception it transpired after much confirming and then denying by the concierge that the tours hadn't been booked at all. We then couldn't get the one we wanted and had to compromise and have two tours in the one day instead of spread out over 3 days. The actual tours themselves (provided by Sunflower Tours) were excellent - a half day city tour and the evening dune/safari dinner. I would rate the hotel only as a 3 star as the decor in the rooms was ok but definitely needed a paintjob and some new carpet, the curtains were also dirty. The bathroom was nice though and the food we had in our room was excellent. The air-conditioning was freezing to sleep with it on but if you turned it off it got hot and stuffy. The swimming pool is very small and not for lounging around and is in full view of the cafe. No taxi drivers knew where the hotel was even after been given a map and business card. You can't walk anywhere as it's all fast moving motorways and everything is very expensive. We took advantage of a shuttle between the hotel and it's sister 5 star Le Meridien for dinner one night which was lovely. Dubai is an interesting destination but I wouldn't stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 9 2006	Not 4star	Having read the reviews I was looking forward to staying at the hotel. I was pleased with the location but that was about it. It is obviously not being looked after and needs a good thorough clean both externaly and in the rooms. We were taken to a room that was not 4star standard. It was dark and the carpets were dirty. Next room was a smoking room. They stated that these were the only two rooms. We asked to be moved to a different hotel. It was obvious that we were given the worst room in the hotel as they quickly found a suite. Room 303 is not a nice room.Breakfast is acceptable although the food stayed in the warmers so that the food was dry and unappetising. A very disappointing stay. I will not be going back.	
Dec 22 2005	Le Meridian Fairways - Great Stay	The Fairways is a small hotel half way between the city centre and the airport. 58 rooms. Spacious and clean. Great, huge double bed. Bathroom has shower/bath which was perfect for soaking in.Breakfast was fabulous choice of continental, cooked and to order eggs your way, omlette, waffles or pancakes. Recommend the package with breakfast.Pool and gym are fantastic. Best equipped gym I have seen in a hotel. The hotel is about 25-30 walk into the city centre. Great shopping malls within walking distance (Diera City Centre is massive and has everything your heart desires). The hotel has two buses daily to the city centre, gold and spice souks (9.30am and 5pm) Note downtown and the souks close from 1pm to 4pm. Malls remain open.Cabs are cheap but be sure they know where the hotel is. Concierge should give you a map and directions for the cabbie - if they take longer than 2 minutes to read it or comprehend get out and get another cab!Good value for money - well priced accommodation. PS: expect some smoke smells around the hotel as EVERYONE smokes. Non smoking rooms were fine no stale smoke to be smelt.	
Nov 28 2005	Decent and spacious		
Nov 20 2005	Nice hotel great location		
Nov 17 2005	Disaster		
Oct 30 2005	Comfy cosy modern and saver- enjoyed our stay		
Oct 22 2005	Great value Hotel -		
Aug 13 2005	Brilliant hotel.		
Jul 30 2005	Very Comfortable Hotel		
May 30 2005	Very Nice!		
Mar 11 2005	Nice hotel and friendly staff		
Jun 8 2004	Good Value and Charm		
Mar 3 2009 	?????????????????		
