Nov 19 2009 	Excellent budget business option	Their 3rd floor &quot;single&quot; rooms are an insane deal at 250AED, they are tiny but very comfortable. Access all of the amenities of a luxury hotel and stay in the trendy marina area for around 70 US dollars.	
Nov 15 2009 	Tamani Marina is not a 5* hotel!!	We stayed at Tamani Marina Hotel from 9/11 - 14/11. We booked it because of its star rating at a reasonable price. We have been to Dubai twice before and stayed in a different 5* hotel which was great but this hotel is definately not a five star may be 3 star the most. The staff was friendly but it lacked the luxury/style of a five star hotel. We were given a apartment with 2 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms/4 toilets which was more than what we needed. My daughter went into the shower and found the water was hot only for five minutes so shampoo in her hair had to be washed out in cold water. It was fixed after a day. The apartment came with a kitchen so we could have toast and cornflakes in the morning but cleaner did not clean the kitchen and one of the bathroom until we left some tip in the room.Before booking I called the hotel to enquired whether it was linked with a private beach and I was told it was but they failed to tell me that ther is around £30-40 charge if we wanted to use the private beach facilites so paying for 4 people twice during our time was quite a hafty hole to our pockets.We went to use the pool to be told that pool is closed for maintenance. We went again the following day but water was very cold and it was dusty so did not feel like swimming in it. The jaquizi pressure of water bubbles was very low so we decided not to use it either.I will only recommend this hotel to some one if they are not looking for a luxury hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	Tamani Marina ! Pleasure and hospitality all the way !	I am writing this message from the heart !We enjoyed the property at the best !Baiscally we eat &quot;Jain Food &quot;, i.e we are not only strict vegetarin but also do not eat underground growing vegetables such as Potato, Onion, Garlic, Carrot.. to name the few.But the head shef understood our need so well that every morning he would have either Sphegetti Or Curry and Bread (with out egg ofcource) Or any vegetable would be ready for us.Hence,We carried lot of food from India, but all returned un opened.\The serving staff was very courtious and freindly !Love you all ! Good Luck ! GOD Bless !Ketul Jhatakia[--]	
Oct 7 2009 	don't stay in the "studios"	The problems started at check-in. Even though I showed the staff my voucher from Asiatravel which clearly stated the all taxes would be included in the quoted price, they still tried to charge me for this. After an hour of discussions between myself, Asiatravel and the management at the hotel, it was agreed I could stay the night and the AM manager would decide whether I had to pay the tax or not. When I went to check out in the morning, the problem was still not resolved and I had to once again call Asiatravel. Debbie from Asiatravel called the manager at the hotel and he logically agreed they had to go with what was written on my voucher. The evening staff at the check-in counter were very rude during the whole incident and even in the morning, there was still no apology from the hotel. I suggest that they take a course in customer service and also learn how to smile. Even if I did not have these problems, I still will never stay in this hotel again and I recommend that others do not stay in the Studio Single Occupancy rooms. This is because:1. The room is tiny - like a dormitory. It seems as if they decided to rent out rooms originally built for staff and call them &quot;studios&quot;. The hallway to the rooms is dark and dingy. The rooms are not carpeted. The walls are very thin and you can hear people in the neighboring rooms when they cough or turn on/off water and TV (and also when people are talking in the hallway). I did not enjoy when my neighbor lit up a cigarette and the smell came wafting in through the vents. 2. The room was dirty. The headboard on the bed had black scuff marks and the same scuff marks and some stains were on the sheets. There was a long black hair under the bedspread (I have short red hair). I wish I had had my camera at the time!3. The construction next door started at 7:00am. 4. There was no complimentary water! How cheap is that?5. The toiletries (soap, shampoo and shower gel) were of cheap quality. I am not sure how the other rooms would be. The pictures on their website sure make the rooms look nice. They don't mention their &quot;studios&quot; on the website. Hopefully the other rooms have better conditions. As for the valet parking staff, the bellboys, and the doormen, they were all friendly, helpful and full of smiles. I do wish the staff at the front (AM and PM) would learn from them.	
Sep 19 2009 	It was very nice suite that suited our needs	Nice 3 bedroom apartment has been given to us and it was very very roomy for our family. Rooms smell in lower floors while other apartments are cooking. other than that we had no problems. They changed our rooms without problem. Staff was helpful. Hotel has shuttle to almost everywhere.	
Aug 1 2009 	Good hotel and location	I stayed in July for a week with 3 children. We booked a two bedroom apartment with a city view. The apartment was very spacious with an ensuite master bedrooom, seperate shower and toliet for the twin rooms and another toilet facilities for any guests. There was large lounge , with a fully equiped kitchen which included a microwave, double fridge, washing machine and a dish washer.However there was very limited coffeem tea bags and milk, so had to ask for supplies.The check in and out was smooth and quick and the baggages delivered promplty. The pool area is small and located on the 4th floor. Their are two pools indoors, one outside, a fully equiped gym, sauna and steam room. Outside pool was adequate but was quite windy...There is a ladies only session from Monday to Thurs from 1000hrs to 1300hrs.The rooms were cleaned everyday with new towels and shower gels provided.The hotel provides a complementary bus service to the two near shopping centers, altantis hotel and the public beach.There is a 24 hr shop just around the cormer where you can buy all the provisions.The staff were friendly and helpful.Local attractions include dubai marina, jbr walk, where you can choose from so many restaurants. Gets very busy at weekends and evenings.Overall a very nice hotel ideal for large families.	
Jul 25 2009	Pure luxury	I stayed in this hotel with my parents for three weeks in March and we were all overwhelmed by how luxurious the accomodation was and how friendly the staff are. The rooms are very large -- we had two bedrooms (one with a king size bed and one with twin beds). Then there were three toilets (two of which had baths and showers), a laundry room, a fabulous, fully equipped kitchen with washing machine and dishwasher. Excellent views from the windows. It was very peaceful -- having said that, we were first given a room at the back of the hotel which did face the construction work. After complaining, though, the staff happily gave us a room at the front with no extra charge. The sitting room and dining area are also lovely. Location is great (if this is the part of town you want to stay in). It's close to Emirates Mall, the Marina (and there is a free shuttle service) and Media City. Plenty of taxis available. Oh, and there's a gym, sauna, steam room and swimming pool -- all available for free for hotel staff! It's great value.	
Jul 12 2009 	Luxury in the sky	Well,the 5* is really 5*.rooms,lobby,food,services,personel behavior,All are excellent.we booked for 2 bedrooms suite,but hotel manager politely ask us if he would upgrade our suite to 3 bedroom marina view suite at 45 th floor(one of the best suits in hotel) with some charge(500 $) &amp; we rejected that.then he asked us to upgrade without charge (I don't know why he did that favor to us ??!) &amp; we made the deal ;)our suite was very large,3 bedrooms,5 restrooms &amp; bathrooms,dinning room,fully furnished living room,large kitchen with everything you need &amp; Ironing room.Every morning there were that days newspapers in english beside your suites door.Breakfast is good &amp; if you want they serve it in your dinning room but dont forget to call restaurant at least 1 hour earlier becase they serve it a lil late &amp; also ordering is difficult cause you should understand the &quot;indian accent&quot; english on the phone. Hotel was not far from internet &amp; media city.in the winter you can walk there.Emirate mall is not far too,5 min with taxy &amp; also Medinat Jumeira is near too.Hotel indoor pool is very small &amp; outdoor one is not bad but cold in winter.At all I recommend this hotel cause it costs the mony you pay for that.	
Jun 8 2009 	Enjoyed our stay!	We had a short stay of 3 days and our stay at the Tamani Marina was comfortable. We stayed in a spacious 3 bedroom apartment with a couple of friends. The rooms, especially the dinning , kitchen and the sitting room were HUGE, and have a brilliant view of the marina and the coastline (we were on the 21sy floor). The apartment was nicely furnished and well maintained. House keeping was prompt every morning to come and do the cleaning. Ideally I would have loved to stay for a week and make use of the kitchen which was quite inviting to cook in! There are no vessels provided in the kitchen, if you are planning on cooking you could ask the hotel for some. There is a small supermarket just next door to the hotel which stocks the basics. We picked up some coffee etc. as the variety of tea/coffee sachets provided by the hotel is limited. Food can be ordered through room service but its a bit pricey and there's not that much of a variety. There are no restaurents in the near vicinity (walkable distance). The hotel has a free shuttle service that goes to Battuta Mall, Mall of the Emirates and Dubai Mall. I was on my own during the day and found this service rather convienient. Also did a sightseeing tour of the city on the Big Bus Tour (the nearest pick up point is a 10-15 min ride by taxi).	
May 14 2009	Over priced...!	We didnot stay at the hotel. dropped to the place with friends for some good time around the open air restaurant... Over priceddddddddd with shisha, drinks and food... But No doubt a good place to b with friends...	
Apr 30 2009 	Great value for money	We spent Easter at the Tamani Hotel – we had a two room apartment which was HUGE! There were 4 bathrooms…..We are in our early thirties, and wanted a few days relaxing on the beach. The Tamani was a lovely hotel / apartment, and just right for us, mainly because of the value for money compared with all the expensive hotels in Dubai. A taxi from the airport cost us 80 dirhams (about £15 - £16) on the meter (at 11.30pm) and 70 dirhams back at the end of the holiday (at 8pm).I thought I would write a review and post some (hopefully useful!) tips for future visitors:The hotel itself was clean and shiny, and our rooms were cleaned every day. We had to ask a few times for more soap, but it did arrive in the end. The staff are very friendly and helpful, just a little bit slow. We were on holiday though, so no rush!There is a little supermarket just behind the hotel (useful to know if you aren’t buying the hotel’s breakfast) which was well-stocked. If you like a drink though, our biggest tip is to buy it as soon as you arrive at the airport at Duty Free. We did this, and were glad we did – we couldn’t find anywhere else in the vicinity to buy booze – this was the only place. It seems an odd thing to do as soon as you land at 11pm, but we were glad we did! We then had a nice cold beer in the evenings while we were getting ready to go out (large fridge in the apartment). I would also buy a bottle of water at Duty Free – when we arrived in the hotel we were gasping, and had to buy the water in our mini bar – at 6 dirhams, and it was only 2 in the local supermarket. The Duty Free sells different brands of beer, wine and spirits, all at fairly reasonable prices, and they take visa.There is no beach associated with the Tamani, but we found 3 options (as the hotel pool is in the shade until 3pm). 1) pay 250 dirhams (about £45) for the day at the Le Meridien Hotel over the road 2) get the free shuttle bus at 10am from the hotel to the public beach at the far end of Jumeirah which takes about 45 minutes and goes via the Atlantis on the Palm. It’s 5 dirhams (£1) per person to go on this beach, and there are food huts, snacks, little shop with suncream, toilets, towels to hire etc here. But be aware – Mondays it’s women and children allowed only, and on the Friday that we were there (i.e. our equivalent of Saturday – the busiest day) we were stared at by large groups of local men who seem to use it as an opportunity to gawp at Western women for the day. Other groups of girls seemed to get fed up of it too, and some were also approached. It got quite wearing after a while and we felt quite uncomfortable, even though we were in a mixed sex group. I suppose it’s a novelty for locals to see women in bikinis, but we didn’t feel comfortable with being pointed and stared at all day, so we didn’t return to this beach. The shuttle bus picks up at 5.30pm, so if you want to go earlier it’s about 30 dirhams in a taxi back to the hotel. 3) we were told about a free beach which we visited on our second day and this was the best option! It was a beautiful clean beach (with no staring!) located close to the Hilton Hotel and Starbucks in the Dubai Marina (to tell Taxi Drivers). Completely free to get on to, easy to find and signposted 'Access to Beach' and nice and quiet. There are no food huts or toilets etc, but a 10 min walk away is a ‘mall’ area with public (clean) toilets, Subway, supermarket, shops like BhS and Zara etc. We got into a nice routine of going there for lunch and buying loads of water etc. Beach was quite busy on Saturday, but quietened down on Sunday and Monday.The Barasti Bar at the Le Meriden Hotel comes highly recommended. We went on the busiest night (Friday) and it was OK – just lots of ex-pats drinking beer really to dance music, but quite cool as it is half on the beach and there are chefs cooking little kebabs etc in the open air. Lot less busy on the Sunday night. We also enjoyed (and preferred) the Buddha Bar and Bar 44, both in the Grosvenor Hotel – think men need long trousers. This is about a 10 minute walk from the Tamani – we got a taxi the first time and then realised how lazy we had been! It’s a bit dusty to get there as much of the area is a building site, but it’s not far – you can see it from the Tamani. Great cocktails and a nice relaxed atmosphere in both. Bar 44 (on the 44th floor…..) has good views of The Palm. The Westin hotel, right across the road from the Tamani, also has a good wine bar called Oeno with a little seating area outside – it’s nice and quiet and relaxed in there if you want to get away from the noise and music at Barasti and don’t want to go far.Watch out for the taxi drivers; most are OK (there is a minimum charge of 10 dirhams (£2) so if your meter shows 6 or 7 dirhams as ours did to get to the beach it will still be 10) but we had a couple who refused to give change, and one who claimed the journey was 20 dirhams despite the meter clearly showing 10! We had an argument with him until he backed down and gave us some change (still not the correct amount) very grudgingly. Another pretended not to have any change, but when pushed we saw that his wallet was full of change……Take your own beach towels – the hotel does not provide. You are also allowed to take your own drinks to the pool, so we took a beer and sat on a lounger up there from 4 – 5pm and watched the sun set; lovely. Plug sockets are three pins as in England.Toiletries provided are soap, shower gel and shampoo – as per other reviews they are not quick to replace them, so we just took our own. There is a hairdryer and slippers provided. We had no safe in our room, despite them telling us twice it was in our wardrobe, so we had to ask for one and they brought it up. Despite it being an apartment, with a 5 ring cooker and sink, there were no pots and pans in sight, or utensils, washing up liquid or tea towels, in case you are planning on self-catering. I guess you have to ask for these. There are drinking glasses only. However, as my idea of a holiday does not involve cooking, this was fine! We ate out every night. I can recommend a Middle Eastern restaurant called ‘Sarai’ on the Dubai Marina Walk (same area as the beach / Hilton Hotel) – you can sit outside and eat. Also an excellent Indian restaurant along there too (the only one, so easy to find), think it was called Indian Palace. Plenty of other to choose from there – Italians, Mexican and a Grill. There is also a selection of restaurants on the’ Dubai Walk’ (easily confused by taxi drivers with Dubai Marina Walk, so be careful!), which we didn’t find were quite so good, but nice to look at the yachts, fountains and lights in the evening there. This area is right behind the Grosvenor Hotel, so easy to move on to from the Buddha Bar or Bar 44, if you don’t want to go all the way to the Dubai Marina Walk. There is a TraderVics Mai Tai Lounge on the Dubai Marina Walk however if you fancy a drink along there. None of the restaurants serve alcohol, so this is your only bet along there for a drink, or the five star Hilton and Sheraton Hotels. Most of the hotels charged about 40 – 50 dirhams for a cocktail or glass of wine. Gulp. But you’re on holiday and you’ve saved money by staying at the Tamani instead of a 7 star hotel!We got a taxi to visit the Burj Dubai one evening (tallest building in the world) – this was about 80 dirhams but we felt worth it for a view close up. There is a shopping mall there, and nice cafes where you can have a cup of tea and watch the fountains. We then went on from there to the Creek and did a river boat trip at sunset (£3 each) – highly recommended to see a bit of the old Dubai. Would recommend the Creek View restaurant there to eat. All in all, the Tamani was a lovely hotel / apartment and fantastic value for money. If you are happy to get yourself to the beach in a taxi for £2 and not have your own private beach right on the doorstep, it’s a great way of staying in Dubai for a bargain price. Please feel free to email me with any questions.	
Apr 23 2009 	okay!	This hotel is in the middle of a building site, so be prepared for 24/7 noise in most rooms, unless you have one of the 3 bedroomed apartments which are also the only apartments that you get a clear view of the Palm from. Rooms are large and modern, and very well furnished.Generally, staff reasonably helpful. Breakfast very good, but also very expensive, make use of the kitchen in each apartment if you can, far more affordable, as there is a little, but well stocked shop within a few minutes walk tfrom the hotel and they will deliver your purchases to your room.Hotel is well located, but be aware that if you want to use the beach directly in front of it, there is a large fee for this priviledge, as it's a private beach.Free transfers to Dubai Mall a couple of times each day, but taxis are also very cheap and readily available.Overall, okay place to stay, but ensure you get a room away from the building works right next door.	
Apr 8 2009 	Huge Suites with perfect view	Truly an amazing stay, wonderful staff, excellenct service, food and weather.Would return tomorrow!!. We were in Dubai for a long holiday, and this hotel was well situated next to all dubai attractions, just 30mins in a taxi from the main city. The pool area is amazing not too busy, and the staff couldn't do enough for us. 10 out of 10, some constructions are next to the hotel, however this is a common factor in all Dubai hotels!Would really love to visit dubai again just for Tamani...	
Apr 7 2009 	Terrible hotel - avoid as it will ruin your stay in Dubai	First thing first this hotel is not 5 star, it is a 2-3 star at best. We stayed in the Grosvenor House (a proper 5 star hotel) prior to switching to the Tamani and there's an absolute gulf in class and service between the two places. The staff are moody and generally unhelpful at the Tamani. The hotel lobby and restaurant lack any sort of ambience. The hotel is surrounded by a building site, where they work through the night with very loud drills, JCBs etc... Granted this is common in Dubai and it isn't the Tamani's fault, but they really should warn their guests that they may be disturbed by the construction noise. We asked to be moved at 2am as we couldn't cope with the noise any more and the duty manager told us to deal with it for the night and then pay more tomorrow for a room higher up the hotel. Overall a very poor experience at the Tamani.	
Dec 30 2008 	Three star hotel in Dubai-standars	Tamani Marina Hotel is more like a three star hotel than a five star hotel. Or least it is the worsist five star hotel I have stayed.Rooms are nice (we had three bedroom suite with palm view) and there sure is enough room. Location is OK. There is constructions all over Dubai, so is next door of Tamani too. At &quot;palm view side&quot; of building it does not bother. But don't think it is nice to walk anywere. Maybe one day it is, when they just get all building done. But taxies are easy to get.Service is bad, except valet parking (those boys were wonderful). First day we got reasonable service but after day one it was every day worser and worser. It went so bad that last day of our seven night stay we returned hotel at 10pm and found out that our room was not cleaned. When I called &quot;Tamani touch&quot; (roomservice) and asked least clean towels it took 30 minutes and three calls to get someone to visit. Instead of just changing towels he wanted to vacuum our room...About other services; there is NO restaurant in Tamani at the moment and they don't know when it opens. Outside pool is quite useless as it is in shade all day. Inside pools and gym are nice. Childers pool was in heavy use.Tamani is good choise if you want to stay in spacious apartment in a reasonable price. Just don't exept luxury or five star service.	
Dec 9 2008	Best value in town!	Went there with a friend of mine as two single mid-20's guys hoping to find the fun of dubai! Delighted with hotel...the suite was amazing, but i think we were upgraded for some reason, so we got more than we bargained for! We didnt ask why, we just stayed quiet and loved it! The continental breakfast was included in our package which was very nice, and delivered free to room at whatever time you wanted everyday! Staff were incredibly friendly and so helpful. The gym was cool, very modern, for the 2 occasions that I used it, but for a regular user, im sure you'd be happy. The pool was quite nice too, but we ended going to the beach most days for some well needed sun, cos the pool tends to be in the shade until about 3pm. Ordered some room service a few times which was nice, and very reasonable. Portions were very decent too. The best thing of all about the hotel however was definitely the location. Was so close to one of the nicest beaches and literally across the road from the best bar in town...&quot;Barasti&quot;, in the Mina Seyahi Hotel. Its a beach bar, full of beauties of all ages so would suit everyone and has a lovely chilled vibe, can wear shorts/ flipflops, unike most bars in town. Loads of other cool bars nearby too, all seems to be around this area!Tamani is a definite gem, especially for the price we got it for...couldn't believe that a 5star on the beach was only approx £200 more expensive overall for 9 nights, than a 3star up in the inner city bur dubai area! As everyone knows, there are far more plush hotels around, but if you want affordable luxury, then go for Tamani.	
Nov 2 2008 	Perfect at check-in but trouble at check-out	We have just recently arrived from a trip to Dubai and Tamani Apartment Hotel. 2 adults and 2 teenagers. Booking was done via GTA. At check-in we were upgraded to a 3 bedroom suite at floor 31. Really nice view but unfortunately all bedrooms faced towards the non-stop noisy constructions going on 24/7. The apartment was really large with 5 toilets! Wi-Fi Internet access at reasonable cost. One evening, by random, we were invited to a function with excellent local food and drinks that was served to business network of Tamani. Thanks to Mr Essam Nabhan (Executive Chef In-Charge of Food &amp; Beverages)! Tamani has two small pools. We did not used them. In the morning until noon the buffet breakfast was served around the pools and it was not suitable to use the pools. Tamani offered free shuttle bus services to and from shopping malls (Emirates and Ibn Battuta), Atlantis and Jumeirah Beach. We used this bus frequently. However we never managed to catch the shuttle bus on the return. Taxis are cheap but very difficult to get 5 PM to 8 PM. From Atlantis back to Tamani we had to wait one hour for taxi.The main reason why I am writing this review is that we were disappointed at check-out. First they tried to charge us for using the mini bar. It took 30 minutes to check the mini bar, while our taxi to the airport was waiting outside. Secondly they charged us for the buffet breakfast although it was included in our reservation prepaid with voucher. The voucher was given to the reception at check-in and they could not find it at check-out. This is of course now disputed by fax and e-mail to Tamani management and I am waiting for refund.Finally the location is good. No beach access but near major shopping malls, Atlantis and Jumeirah Beach. Lot of busy traffic around the hotel. Construction work around the hotel which disturbed the sleep. No alcohol is served. Nice breakfast.Try to get an apartment facing away from the constructions and be sure of what kind of breakfast you pay for and your stay at Tamani will be perfect.	
Nov 26 2009 	A éviter à tout prix		
May 13 2009 	Que du bonheur...		
Nov 19 2008 	Tamani Hotel Marina 5 stelle di buon livello		
