	Cheap and cheerful - very nice staff	The hotel is in a good location for downtown Deira, but many taxi drivers have not heard of it because it is small. The rooms are small but clean. The breakfast buffet is a limited choice but it is okay and changes daily. The metro station to the other side of the creek (Bur Dubai) is only 2 minutes walk - the Rigga road.	
Jan 21 2009 	Eureka hotel - absolutely loved this gem.	I arrived in Dubai having no clue where anything was but taxi's were pretty cheap, I went to Dubai purely because my boyfriend was in the navy and he had a week off, so i stayed for 5 nights i think it was. I flew out there not knowing what to expect. It was incredible flying in from London, Dubai looks absolutely beautiful from the sky, the lights are incredible. I've never been more in awe of anything. It was a manic, hot taxi drive into Dubai from the airport but it wasnt far, when we got outside the hotel it looked pretty nice, it had beautiful steps and a beautiful entrance hall. The rooms were nice, had a beautiful bathroom and bedroom. the view from the window was fine, it was of the city. the rooms got very hot so you would put the air con on but then it got too cold so you'd have to adjust the heat during the night. My favourite part of the hotel was something we found two days into the stay and i wish we found it sooner. On the roof was a beautiful swimming pool, it was small but there was a lovely sunbathing area and the views were incredible. The swimming pool was often empty and my boyfriend and I often were the only ones in it. it wasnt open until very late, i think about 6 o clock, which was disappointing when we got back late from shopping or whatever. Apart from recommending the hotel i would 100% recommend Dubai it was the most incredible holiday i have ever been lucky to go on. For a low star hotel i was incredibly impressed. if you want a cheap trip with a hotel close to everything then go for Eureka. I would definetely go there again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great little hotel	I stayed for two nights in October 08 with my wife and four children. Found the reception and concierge to be very friendly and helpful to my family. Of the 6 of us only my wife could hear the disco when we were on the 3rd floor. They moved us to a higher floor away from the discos without any problem next day. Other staff in restaurant were friendly also. Looks as though a lot of Russians stay here and so some of the staff are Russian speakers only.The free shuttles to airport, beach and markets are great especially for a large family. The hotel was good value compared with others we looked at in Dubai. Depending on why you are visiting the hotel is in a good spot for sight-seeing and shops. If you want to go to the beach every day you are probably better going to a new resort area as Deira can get clogged up with traffic and it may take a while to get there.There are no fridges in rooms but there is a shop across the road to buy cool drinks and snacks. The hotel has 2 lifts, not one. The decor is old but I found it refreshing, sort of old European with thick wooden doors, plush carpet and low lighting, rather than the sterile chain hotel decor where every room looks the same. The rooms are clean and quiet and if you get a room on the corner of a floor they are a lot bigger.The most lasting memory are the friendly staff. If you decide to stay here and have any problem make sure you talk to Yusuf the concierge, he will help you out.	
Oct 27 2008 	Love Dubai	This is really nice hotel, close to the airport. Stayed there already several times, when passing through Dubai. It allows 24 h check in, which is great, cause my plane arrived 3 am and needed early check in without extra charge. Its close by to great restaurants and malls. Dubai is fantastic.	
May 28 2008 	Pay a bit more and get a better Hotel	Stayed there recently while conducting business in Dubai.Lobby - probably 150 sq m2, very basic and not impresiive at all and there is bell serviceOver the counter - not great service but not rude eitherNightclub - one, unable to comment as it was during the month of RamadanCafe - under renovationThere are however, some shops allocated nearby, a laundry, a local coffee shop, a convenient store. Other than that surrounding were serviced apartmens, suites, and other hotels.Lift - one and only, basic and cleanCorridors - very small smell of smoke, with dark coloured carpetsRoom - small, but clean with an empty fridge, very basic not lavishly furnished, furniture still in acceptable qualityBathroom - clean, and very basicBasically did not expect too much at the price that we were paying, but we would want to pay slightly more for a better hotel next time.	
Apr 19 2008 	Eureka deserves more than 2 Stars	I booked this hotel in January after reading reviews on the Internet. As it was only for 2 nights, it was not so important if it was not a fantastic hotel, but what appealed to me was that one guest said that they were able to check in early, and as we were planning on getting there at 8 a.m., we opted for it.It was only when we were about to land that we realised that I had made an error with the booking, and my booking was for 2 days from the date I planned to check out.We explained to the front desk who told us the matter could be fixed easily if they received the confirmation from lastminute.com (where we had booked) and that we should check-in. In the evening when we got back to the hotel, we were told we would have to pay the rack rate (twice the price almost of the internet price) if they did not get the confirmation from lastminute.com. I was very displeased about this, as I had told them in the morning that if there was a problem our taxi driver could easily find us an hotel if there was a problem. I had to go to a phone booth eventually and managed to contact lastminute.com who sent a fax to them and sorted out the problem. I could then relax again. They could have tried to be a bit more helpful, even if the mistake was made by me.Nevertheless, I must say that we were very pleased with the hotel, our room and its location. We stayed in a 4 star hotel in Rome last year and this was much better than that hotel! We had a refrigerator, but no coffee or tea making facilities. We asked for a room on the top floor to avoid the noise from the discotheques and thus had 2 good nights of sleep.Breakfast was fine for the price.As an additional service to its guests, the hotel arranges a complimentary shuttle to the airport. Let the reception know what time your flight is, and they will try to accommodate your requests.Overall, I must say that it represents fair value for money and in a relatively good location for using public transport.	
Mar 8 2008	You get what you pay for	This is a budget hotel, and that's what you get. The reception staff are unhelpful, if polite with it. The rooms are very small, but not dirty (not sparkling either). The AC works, which is good, but no mini bar, kettle, safe or anything like that. There is a swimming pool on the roof about 10' x 6', but it's not a particularly relaxing place to be as the AC units are also up there, chugging away manfully. There are two nightclubs in the hotel but I have to say we never heard anything from them. Like a lot of hotels in Dubai right now, the Eureka is in the middle of a construction site. One night we had a delivery of cement going on until 3am outside our window. If you're a light sleeper I would give it a miss until July or so, maybe a lot of the work will be done by then. Another reason to avoid it at the moment is the amount of disruption to the Rigga Road, they're digging it up for some reason and it can take a while to get to and from the place.	
Sep 30 2007 	We Liked It	I was staying in Hotel Eureka with my husband last April for 5 nights , i liked the hotel , it's clean and quite although the room and bathroom are small , but we don't need a bigger one , coz we don't stay at the hotel much , we use it for a late nigt sleep after having a lot of fun in Dubai , or we use the bathroom as well for a quick night and morning shower , i liked the hotel and it's worth the money we paid, it's a cheap price hotel but it's clean not like other 2 stars hotels which is too bad ..this was a good one comparing to other and i recommend anyone who want to pay less and get a good hotel for a sleep to book this hotel , i will go back to it again if i visit Dubai ...thanks	
Sep 20 2007	Real value for money !	The second time I have stayed at this cozy Hotel with a family touch and I must say it gets better every time. Currently under reconstruction, the Hotel is being upgraded and shall soon get a new management.Clean, comfortable rooms well above the average 3-star standard of Dubai with a very accommodating and friendly staff to boot. The location near the busy Deira commercial district is another plus for anyone travelling on business.The food served is also quite good and definitely worth the price charged for it.There is a nice rooftop pool, which shall soon be fitted with a Sky BAR under a huge canopy. There are two clubs, one Indian and one Arab themed, which soon will also be refurbished.At less than 80 Euro per night including buffet breakfast adefinite bargain.	
Mar 3 2007 	Great Budget Hotel	I had to find a last minute inexpensive hotel for 1 night and found this hotel through Travelocity. After staying in other 5 star hotels in Dubai this was a change. It is a good deal and the staff is helpfull and professional. It is very small and if they would use some bleach in the bathroom to get rid of the mold I would have given it higher marks. Overall, I would recommend it for budget travelers. The room service is good. It appears they cater to a lot of Russian travelers. I will return.	
Jun 24 2006	Good	Me and my family stayed at Eureka hotel in May 2006 - I had stayed here before for a night in 2005 so I knew the standards and what to expect. From the moment we arrived, we were welcomed warmly and rooms given to us promptly. We stayed for a week and can quite safely say that we all enjoyed it really well!! Pool may not be Olympic size but was clean and private. The gym was rather lacking though and a bit bare. Rooms clean and tidy. Space was limited but not too much trouble after a liltle organising of clothes and luggage. Bathroom was clean, however, was a little rusty around the bath handles.At night, the in-house Indian club can be a little loud and floors 1,2 &amp; 3 definitely heard a thump of bass till 3am in the morning, so I suggest if you decide to stay here, try and get yourself higher than these floors.The staff became really good friends with us and always loved a chat when we came in and out from the hotel to the extent that I was even given a telephone number from the Car Park attendant to call him anytime the next time we came to stay in Dubai.Breakfast Bar - basic but enough to fill you up in a morning.Location: Literally 7mins from the Airport after timing myself. Close to the Clock Roundabout. Also is a 2min walk from Al Riqqa Road, which was known as 'The Place to be,' when Dubai began developing. Tonnes of restaurants and coffee shops down one side and shops down the other. Fantastic at night, though can be very busy with traffic at night. Next to the hotel is mini-market so dirt cheap food, snacks, toiletries, pots and pans anything and everything! Next to that is the Dry Cleaners and a 2min walk down the street will lead you to a post office, so great for sending post cards.Overall, we had a really nice time and if you're not expecting too much from a 2Star hotel and on a budget then this place is recommended - Also a very important note: On Wednesday 31st May 2006, the hotel was under new management who are expected to give the hotel a brush over.A great to place to eat is a breakfast bar called B2B that's open 24hours on Al-Riqqa Road - great coffee, huge variety of takeaway food and exquisite range of fresh fruit juices!	
Apr 5 2006	Clean budget hotel - don't expect any frills	I have to say this was an above average hotel considering the dirt cheap rate we paid for twin share. The reception staff were not particularly helpful (we managed to get away with giving them only a photocopy of our passports), but the room was clean and pretty spacious. Watch out for the bad shower curtain though which leaves a flood on the bathroom floor.The food available in the restaurant (very basic) downstairs was fine and pretty cheap. Breakfast wasn't too bad. There is some noise from the street/nightclub, but it wasn't excessive and we had earplugs anyway.Overall, it's definitely a budget hotel which is good value if you're looking for something basic in a pretty central location.	
Apr 3 2006 	Good Value	Stayed at the Eureka for a couple of nights after 6 nights in the 5 star JW Marriott &amp; found it to be good value for money. The rooms were small but clean &amp; the staff were extremely helpful. Passports were taken on arrival but returned willingly on request a few hours later.	
Nov 24 2005	Eureka Hotel Dubai - False Advertising as Luxury	I looked at the websites carrying this hotel and each one used the same wording as a luxury hotel with exquisite setting, etc. I could never get a physical address to give to the taxi driver from the airport and the service I used to book the reservation was absolutely useless but that's another review in itself. It so happens the taxi driver I took from the airport was familiar with this hotel and did not need the barely readable map I printed from the website. I asked what this hotel was like with enthusiasm but his distant look in the rearview mirror at me in the backseat along with a pause and sigh said it all. He finally answered, &quot;it's clean.&quot; Once arriving at the hotel it was nice on the outside but not nearly as large of a lobby as the online picture suggest and the room nearly made me cry. My first comment to the bellman was, &quot;it's really small!&quot; When I thought about it even the elevator was exceptionally small carrying 4-5 average size adults comfortably. It had an old closed up and slightly moth like smell to it prompting me to open the window and burn a scented candle. It was the middle of the night and changing hotels was not an option after a 22 hour flight. The obvious renovations would better be described as redecorations. The handles in the bathtub were rusted on each side, the shower leaked onto the bathroom floor. There was just under 2 feet of space between the tub and sink. You do better to bring your own soap products though they did provide small bars (extremelly small). The food was okay to good. The staff was nice and I have to say the bed was comfortable as far as the mattress but the pillows were too soft offering no support and gave me neck problems. When the housekeeper arrived I had to leave the room. There was not enough space for both of us at the same time especially if you have large luggage pieces.In all of my travels I have never seen a hotel room so small and I've been all over the world but on top of everything else they want to hold your passport. This was by no means my first trip to the Middle East and in particular Dubai and the front desk staff always take a picture of the information page on my passport for their records but I immediately receive my passport back into my possession. The Eureka staff wants to hold onto the physical passport until they receive clearance from the police you have no criminal record. I assured them they had my money and I was no flight risk but I will NOT be in this country without my passport in my hand. Finally they gave it back to me. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone and definitely not if you are looking for luxury. I assummed it to be a boutique hotel by the advertising, it is not. M.B.P.USA	
Nov 18 2005	Not so Bad	I just came back from a four-day, three-night stay in Dubai. I stayed at the Eureka Hotel, based on location and their internet site (not to mention price). I have to say, after reading the other reviews, I was feeling more than slightly nervous about my choice. Well let me tell you, the folk writing those prior reviews must have very high expectations of a two-star hotel. There was not a thing wrong with the place. Yes, the towels were a bit shabby, but the place was clean, the people were more than pleasant, and the bed was comfortable. I can't comment on the breakfast, because I didn't partake. Noise from the street? I haven't stayed in too many hotels where you don't get some street noise. There was absolutely NO noise from adjoining rooms, however. The mini bar? When I checked in, I was informed that the mini-bar was just an empty refrigerator. Hair dryer? I never travel without one anyhow, so it didn't matter that there wasn't one. Would I stay there again? Without a problem.	
Nov 11 2005 	Selective Welcoming Staff	I took the advice of the hotel booth operator at the airport to stay at Eureka Hotel. My experience with the front desk receptionist (who is a Filipino girl who is there during the early a.m. until afternooon) was horrible from the time I arrived until the time I left.I booked for two nights and ended up staying a third night. When I came downstairs to extend, she suggested that I go back to the airport to reserve my additional night and wanted to charge me a much higher rate.I got food poison from the breakfast and the toilets wouldn't flush properly, (so you can imagine the smell). I can go on and on, but the bottom line is that I would have been better off staying in the streets than staying at Eureka.Worst hotel I have ever experienced!	
Oct 11 2005	What a sad place	Sadly, we had already booked the Eureka before reading the other reviews. The place seems to have deteriorated further. Thin frayed towels, slightly greasy sheets, aircon that stayed on freeze, double glazing that didn't keep out the noise of construction site nearby. Breakfast taken in the 'Indian nightclub' - red carpet on the walls, dim, food difficult to see - probably a good thing. Worst scrambled egg I have ever seen. Avoid this hotel at all costs. Two well seasoned travellers.	
Jun 23 2005	Cheap budget hotel	This hotel is cheap budget hotel with i would rate as a 2 star and not a 3 star as stated when booked. Rooms were clean but the bathroom were terible and tiny however room was a reasonable size. It was also stated there would be a mini bar WHAT MINI BAR!! also stated there was a gym and swimming pool WHICH WAS NEVER OPEN!!! Breakfast is terible, not worth getting out of bed unless you are happy with toast and jam. Room service was ok but prices were like staying in a five star hotel! I stayed for 2 nights and the music from the night club on the ground floor was very load and could be heared from the 4th floor untill 3am! recomend you ask for top floor if you stay. On average if you dont want to spend alot of money then this hotel will be in budget and is ok. Its what you pay for is that what you get. Would i stay in this hotel again NO!!! I have visited Dubai again and i really suggest you stay in the Lotus hotel around the corner. This hotel was great and it lived up for its 4 stars!!!	
May 8 2005	This is not a 3 star hotel	I arrived in Dubai after a night flight from the UK, and I could not understand why the taxi driver seemed not to have heard of the hotel. Upon arrival at the hotel I understood, it is a small dingy hotel located in a back street. I went to check in and despite paying for a room from the night before, I had to wait half an hour until a room was ready for me. When I saw the room I could have cried. The room was miniscule, there was just enough room to walk round the double bed, that was until I put my suitcase and flight case on the floor as there was no where else to put them. The furniture was a total mish-mash of what looked like second hand items and the wardrobe concealed just 2 old wire coat hangers. There was no mini-bar, just an empty fridge and no hair dryer. There was just one electrical socket in the room and that was well away from the ‘dressing table’ area. Happily there was an extension lead so I was able to add to the electrical over load and plug in my own hair dryer. One problem – I now couldn’t see in the mirror. In order to see in the mirror and use my hairdryer I had to kneel on the bed. I decided to get some sleep and maybe once I was less tired things would look better. They didn’t. Following a shower and a day at the expo I had to attend my mind was made up. I had to find a different hotel. I managed to get a room at another hotel and checked out of the Eureka. I travel extensively all over the world and have put up with many different short comings but there is no way that I can recommend this hotel.	
Jan 25 2005 	Some bad experience	Me and my friend have just returned a week back from our tour of Dubai and while booking the hotel we were made to understand that the hotel pickup service is free and that we shall be picked up from the airlines bus stop, but no one was there to pick us up as all other hotels pickup busses were waiting for there passengers to up.Not just that, when we looked for the hotel details on the internet, we found that internet connection is available in the room, but on reaching there, we were informed that no such service is available here, further there was no Mini bar, hairdryer etc, as mentioned on internet, so all those who are traveling, may please make a note of this.Further the worst was that after checking out we asked for the taxi, the hotel staff at the gate was very generous to have arranged a taxi for us, but the worst was the destination charge for our place was only DHR.25 to 30, but the taxi driver in connivance with the staff made the bill over DHR.85, which was the worst experience, so never trust any staff in this hotel otherwise you may be cheated.The gym and the pool are non functional in the hotel and gym has only one machines and the pool can accommodate only two persons, so you cant expect this facility.However the best part was the breakfast, it was fabulous, and the sales manager was nicest person, i have all appreciation for them.	
Jul 29 2009 	Naja		
Mar 27 2006	Ein Klasse Hotel für den schmalen Geldbeutel		
