Jun 4 2009 	If you want to be looked after stay here.	The staff were wonderful and the service I received at this hotel was excellent. Nothing was too much trouble and there was always a friendly smile and a hello. I stayed in a one bedroom apartment on the Privilege Floor. It was certainly worth it.	
May 1 2009 	Great hotel but use your own kitchen	Stayed here two nights. Extremely clean comfortable and well equipped room. Very good value, close to the airport and great views. Diera shopping centre just a 5 minute walk which has everything you would need to eat or buy. Great facilities and staff very helpful. Hotel restaurant is horrible and not worth trying. Arrived very late and too tired to go anywhere. Only one other diner in restaurant...ominous. Food terrible, service apologetic. Warned about breakfast from lonely diner, but it was included in the price! Re-heated microwaved waffles are not pleasant unless you are into chewing lumps of cardboard, and how did they get that strong bitter taste into that watery coffee? But you do have a kitchen so you can make your own. They could be a little more generous with the towels, as one each was not quite enough. Get a new chef and it would be great!	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Rooms Service and Loction; Good Value for Money	My husband and i stayed at Flora Creek for 6 nights and we couldnt find much to complain about. From the rooms to the hotel staff and even the food, we were satisfied we got great value for our money; one of the best hotels we've stayed at in our frequent visits to Dubai over the last few years.Check-In:Even though we checked in at 8am, they quickly found us a room without fuss and even upgraded us for free to a one-bedroom because the studio we paid for was unavailable at the time.Rooms:Both the 1-bedroom and studio were quite spacious and each had microwaves, electric hob, toaster AND a washer/dryer combo. The rooms also had suitable cookware and tableware. The only was that the tableware was EXACTLY for two people i.e. two dinner plates, two forks, two knives, etc. Although I'm sure they would have had no trouble bringing additional items if we'd requested them, I just thought it was a bit sillyLocation:The hotel is adjacent to the mega Deira City Center mall so shopping is a mere 5 minute walk away. The DCC has a wide range of restaurants and food court options for convenient eating. Groceries can be purchased at Carrefour, also in the mall. You can also get free shuttles to many Dubai locations/areas at City Center, saving you money on taxis.Food &amp; Service:The breakfast buffet included in the room rate was more than adequate and had a good selection of hot and cold selections. There was also an eggs station where you could order eggs done your way. The lunch buffet at the Olive Restaurant costs 49AED and it's great value for money. Staff were always friendly and eager to help and nothing was too much trouble. The only negative here was that they made a bit of a fuss when I asked to have my breakfast packed to go instead of eating it at the restaurnt. They did it eventually but I just felt it really shouldnt have been that big a deal.Getting Around:The hotel is close to the airport (about a 15-minute drive). If you dont have a lot of luggage, you can take a bus (I think it's the C8 which goes to Zabeel Park via Baniyas Rd) from the airport to the bus stop in front of the hotel. It costs 2 AED and is MUCH cheaper than taking airport taxi which starts at 20AED. The hotel is a bit far (abt 25min walk) from the Abra (water taxi) station to Bur Dubai but again, you can take a bus from the stop in front of the hotel. Taxis are relatively easy to find and the doorman is always happy to call you one should you need it. Check-Out:Fast, efficient and no-fuss. The hotel provides a complimentary shuttle to the airport at the top of each hour and you only have to book a few hours in advance.Word of Caution:There's another hotel owned by the FLora Group near the property called Flora Park hotel and this is potentially confusing for taxi drivers who'll take you to Flora PARK instead of Flora CREEK. Also, there's no service lane off the main road (Baniyas Rd.)that passes in front of the hotel so cars have to take a fairly circutuous route to get to the entrance of the hotel. Most taxi drivers know the road but some do not so beware. Sometimes it's easier to just get dropped at the bus stop on the main road in front of the hotel and then cut across the grass to the hotel entrance.All in all we had a lovely time at Flora Creek and would not hesitate to stay there again	
Jun 17 2009 	?????????????		
