Nov 1 2009 	Well positioned : the Creek and Souks are close by	This hotel has received mixed reviews so we arrived with some trepidation. None was realised. The location of the hotel couldn't be better and the staff were most helpful. We had a spacious suite on the first floor where the whole appeared to have been recently refurbished. For us the disco was not an issue but could understand rooms higher in the hotel being adversely affected. The breakfast was adequate, hot and cold, but one was offered freshly cooked eggs. Restuarant decor is tired an needs attention.	
Apr 28 2009 	Perfect Location	This has been my 2nd stay at St. George, Deira Dubai, U.A.E. This hotel is located right in front of the Creek &amp; about 5 minutes walk from the famous Gold market of Deira Dubai.I had stayed here during my last visit to Dubai in Oct 2006. The best about this hotel is it's location. I am a Textile trader &amp; for me to visit my clients office without wasting time &amp; money is the priority.Gold market &amp; textile market of Deira is located just about 5 minutes walk from this hotel. Also incase you need to visit Bur Dubai, which is other half of Dubai, this hotel is the ideal place. Since the Abra (small boat) can take you to Bur Dubai at a very cheap price rather than spending DRS 10-15 by a taxi.Breakfast is included in your package, which is excellent. The tarriff starts from about $60 to $150 &amp; rooms are spacious &amp; has fantastic view of the creek &amp; market.It has a happening Bar &amp; Rest as the ground level. Good crowd &amp; amusement for business travellers.For any business traveller who has work in Deira Dubai, this hotel is surely a good option.	
Dec 3 2008	disaster hotel	that stay in St george was a nightmare experience..the staff was demonstrative in 'Hostility' not 'Hospitality'..the was obvious ethnic profiling n negligent attitude from the hotel staff n supervisors towards my Indian partner..the room service didn't work..we had to remind to change the bedlinen n towels every day, n those were always kind of washed out and smelly ..at nights there was a noise n stinky smoke was coming through the ventilation system from topfloor bars..we were charged for all the amenities which had been advertised as complimentary - for airport shuttle service..the stuff also lied to us that breakfast was not available..we intended to stay in that hotel for 7 days, but left after 2days..the price $200 they charge for a single room is definetely too high for what that miserable service which they offer..	
Apr 19 2008 	3 Star Hotel - Nice Location	Went to Dubai 11th - 16th April on Business.Did not want to spend too much on hotelBooked at $121 a night on hotelclub.comCreek View room.Was upgraded to a suite on 1st floor - Room 106Room was very big, fridge but empty, No kettle for tea. Picked this hotel mainly because of internet wifi access.On arrival there, I was told it was not free, had to pay $22 a day which I was disgusted about but had to do.Breakfast was nothing to write home about - Just Okay.No Airport Pickup, took a taxi 30AED each way - $8.00.Hotel was less than 10mins to Hotel. Please take Airport metered coloured taxi, they are much cheaperHotel had 3 night clubs on 10th floor, this did not bother me as my room was on 1st floor and I did not hear the noise.Please ask for a 1st or 2nd floor room if you have to stay here.The location is great, close to souk and you have the abra boat crossing to Bur Dubai right outside the hotel.Staff's were friendly, always willing to help, I can't fault them at all.In general, hotel was very okay for my need. Like I said, it's a 3 star hotel and yes, if I have to, I will stay there again.I loved the big size of the room. For me, it was a plus.Babs - London - United Kingdom	
Mar 4 2008 	A lovelyvalue for money week in Dubai	We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the St George and would like to agree with the review of Timothy and Brenda from Manchester. We found the hotel staff extremely helpful and friendly, the room was clean and spacious and we were upgraded to a suite at no extra cost as we arrived at 11am in the morning but they didnt have a room ready,as check in time was 12noon. The suite was on the 2nd floor and they did give us the choice of being on the 6th floor,but did warn us about the nightclub on the 10th floor. We were told that the 2nd floor was no smoking,and it was clean and fresh,no smell of smoke as some other reviews would suggest,and we were not disturbed by the noise from the nightclub. The room was serviced everyday with clean fresh towels,what more could we ask for £88 per night? We visited Dubai last year and stayed at the Dubai Palm Hotel in Deira,definately not recommended. We noticed the St George on our many visits to the Creek and decided to book for this year. Admittedly,we did book then look at the reviews afterwards,if we had taken notice of the reviews we wouldnt have stayed there,but for the price and location,it was definately the right choice for us. Yes,the bar and nightclub is frequented by prostitutes,but we found it quite amusing,but they didnt bother us at all. We are told that this is the norm in most hotels in Dubai,just a higher class in the 5 star hotels!! A visit to the restaurants at the Radisson hotel,a 20 minute walk away down the Creek, are a must,especially the Fish Market,fresh fish restaurant,and theres also a British Pub down there if you fancy a pint,but these are a bit pricey,but you do pay for quality. We had an evening at the races,which was fantastic,many visits to the Souks,walking distance from us,a tour of the whole area on the Big Red Bus Tour,and finished the week off with a dinner evening dhow cruise on the Creek. The Jumeirah beach park is 25drs in a taxi but much nicer is the Al Mamzar beach park,also 25drs by taxi (the hotel taxi will charge you 40,so catch your own taxi from the road). All in all,thoroughly enjoyable and would definately stay there again!!	
Feb 29 2008 	4 Star Brothel	I booked this hotel with booking.com from the 12th feb to 26th feb.When I arrived the room wasnt ready and I had to wait ,then I was going to be placed on the 8th floor .so I said I had asked for a room away from the disco on the 10th floor, When I said that I wanted to see the room before checking in I was immediately upgraded to the first floor .and found the room quite large .At 6pm I went to the TIVOLI RESTAURANT/BAR and was choosing from the menu when a girl came over and shook hands with me and asked where I was from .within a few minutes I was asked if we could go to my room for sex. I told her to go away, before I had finished my meal there must have been 20/30 of these scantilly clad girls arrived. The 2nd night I was there there was a tap on my door and when I peeped through the spy hole it was one of these women so I shouted go away .it happened again another night so I complained to the under manager called Joe and he told me they were russsian girls and they were a problem but were not allowed upstairs,but if you sit in reception you can see these girls sweep past the security guards and either get into the lifts or walk up the back stairs to the first floor and get the lifts from there,some of them stay over night and you see them leaving the next morning, The bar is open to 3am every night and when they leave there is a hell of a noise with there pimps picking them up tooting there horns .huge motor bikes revving up ,believe me this hotel is hell on earth.and god help the guests that are on the upper floors as the music is deafening and goes on every night until 3am . I could go on and on and kept a daily diary of different happenings at this hotel ,THIS IS NOTHING BUT A 4 STAR BROTHEL AND NOT 4STAR HOTEL and to take money from guests that stay there is disgusting and should be stopped. Also the hotel is in with these girls as every few days the girls take some paper to reception to have them renewed. THIS HOTEL/BROTHEL RUINED MY FIRST VISIT TO DUBAI	
Feb 12 2008 	Worse than the previous reviews illustrate	I don't want to repeat everything everyone else stated, such as the hotel was dirty, noisy, and had very poor service. A one star hotel. I have other complaints, but I just want to assure readers that the other comments here are accurate. Don't stay here if you can avoid it. This is the worst &quot;hotel&quot; I have ever stayed in, and I just wish I had read these comments before staying there.	
Jan 3 2008 	Value for money	I had made an online booking through the hotel's reservation portal and got farely good rates considering the peek season of dubai . the rooms are big and spacious with a great view of the dubai creek. My wife loved the location as gold and traditional spice souk surround the hotel and its nice &amp; pleasant walk in the evenings to stroll around the souks. The restaurents of the hotel are decent and serve multi-cuisuines so it was'nt a problem hunting for diners. I remember my trip to dubai in 2006 when i stayed at a hotel in bur dubai with pigeon nest size rooms and conjested roads and construction all over ,unlike that St george hotel was a refreshing change. all rooms have wireless internet and lobby has a business centre as well so that kept me in constant with office back home. Although the hotel is old but maintained well. I would advise staying there if you are looking for a good 3 star hotel and travelling to dubai for leisure and experience the true essence of the city.cheersTimothy &amp; Brenda JonsonManchester , UK	
Dec 28 2007 	Definately not a 3* hotel	This hotel is advertised as a 3 star hotel, but its more like a 1 Star. It is in a central location if you like exploring the Souk. I stayed here on business for three nights, only because it was a last minute booking and I could not find another hotel in Dubai with availability. The hotel is dirty, smelly and shabby and in desperate need of refurbishment. And yes, lots of prostitutes frequenting the lobby cafe/bar. It is probably ok for Stag parties, but i would not recommend it for anything else. I did not feel safe in the area as a young woman and stayed in my room each evening. Room service food was awful, but as you are not allowed to bring food and drinks into your room I had no choice but to use room service. For business travellers, there is a business centre at lobby level with internet access and a printer. Would not stay here again.	
Mar 26 2007 	Gold Souk Paradise	We had a room on the 2nd floor which was very noisy as on the 10th floor the hotel had three nightclubs open until 3am. I went to reception to enquire about the noise and was shocked that it was coming from the 10th floor, I asked to be moved and so at 1am in the morning we were located to a corner suite which was a lot quieter at the back of the hotel. The rooms at the George are a little tired and in need of refurbishment but the they were very clean. Breakfast was not so good as it was served in the room which was used as a bar at night and stank of cigarettes and food was not so good, though the choice was there. It was obvious the hotel had it's fair amount of prostitutes that had stayed over with guests but this caused no problems, it just made the hotel a little seedy. I would rate the hotel personally as a 2 Star. Have no great expectations.The location is excellent with the spice and gold markets directly behind the hotel and a great view of the creek. We paid £250 for three nights in the suite, which was a reasonable standard. If you don't smoke you will not enjoy any hotel rooms in Dubai so be aware.	
Jan 26 2007	4 NIGHT STAY IN ST GEORGE	We booked ST GEORGE HOTEL through our agent and paid 145,00 EUROS PER NIGHT . After searching on the NET for HOTEL PHOTOS AND REVIEWS we were prepared to stay in a 3 star hotel down town but wished it would be tolerable. The hotel is in DEIRA AREA and near the AIRPORT which is a plus, BUT THE HOTEL itself is worn out and in a desperate needof a renovation. We did not have any problems with the reception or the cleaning , the services were neutral . Breakfast was really poor ,NO CHEESE , HAM ETC... All in all we enjoyed our visit in DUBAI and the only reason we stayed in ST GEORGE was because it was just 1O days before our departure and we did not have a better alternative with the same money.The next available hotel costmore than 200.00 PER NIGHT, so as we had a month of vacation in other places as well after dubai, we decided not to spend more money . HOWEVER, IF YOU DO HAVE A CHOICE, AVOID THIS HOTEL. The place they serve breakfast in the mornings is used as a bar in the nightimeand honestly there is a gathering of prostitutes and lous music heard every night until late. HOTEL FLORA which is also in DEIRA Iis a loooot better .GOOD LUCK !	
Jan 5 2007 	Excellent location for Meena Bazaar	Ok so when I was looking for a 'decent' hotel around the most busiest time of year (christmas/NY) this was the only option we had. The hotel is a standard one which lacks the opulence of other hotels around Dubai but you get what you pay for. The rooms are a bit dated albeit clean the views are pretty good especially if your looking out towards the creek. What outstanded me were the services from the hotel staff which was second to none. room service was excellent. I couldn't want for anything with their hospitality but then again its pretty much like this wherever you go in dubai. The hotel has 3 clubs on the 10th floor which go on until 3am downside here is the noise (we were on the 2nd floor and still heard the music) Breakfast every morning was a mix of fresh fruits cereal and continental. I wish they could have provided more than the standars eggs beef sausages and arabic beans - leaves little or no choice for vegans although my wife stuck to croissants and fruit. Now, if you're anything like my wife who likes shopping then you'll love the endless markets located just behind this hotel. More prominently the spice market. As gold is relatively cheap (not that cheap compared with India) you have the Gold Souk around the corner. Getting around is easy as you have the Abras just up the road to take you across the creek to Bur Dubai where you can shop in Meena Bazar. Cost is 1AED for 2 people.Overall, this hotel is more like a 2.5* as the reader suggest, do not expect ornate furnishings etc as the other hotels are decord in but what you do get is extremely value for money on a tight budget.	
Jan 29 2006	Good location	An excellent location right on the creek with an abbra station just up the road to cross the creek. Also a few meter walk to the gold souke and the centre of Deira with all the shops. We checked in very early due to a quick flight (07:00) and the receptionist was more than happy to allocate us our room straight away. We even got a free upgrade to a juniour suit.Requested a high floor as a reasonably busy road outside, got floor 7, unfortunatly the disco unbeknown to us was on the top 10th floor and goes onto to 3am every day. Bit noisy but ear plugs did the job.The room was a little tired in its decour but not dirty even having a fridge. Bit odd really as the main rule to the hotel is that you are not allowed to take any food or drink inside. Overall probably a 2 1/2 star rather than a 3 but would stay here again for the location and request a lower floor.	
