Jul 18 2009 	" Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at"	This Hotel looks nothing like the photo's show, it is Dark, not much natural light enters, staff were not very nice apart from one Lady who helped us with regards to getting boiled water for our baby. Alot of noise from the night club very smoky. Luckly we only had one night otherwise we would 've considered moving to another hotel. The Room was small, bathroom could do with some renovations. Also the Pool is tiny and pretty much usless, looked a bit like a building site around the pool area.	
Nov 2 2008 	A decent hotel just a place to stay and sleep for few nights	Well, we were a group of 12 persons from DPI Co. (the company which I work for) who traveled to Dubai to visit GITEX exhibition on October 2008. It was an organized tour and paid by company, so I have no exact information regarding the price.The Orchid Hotel Dubai is a decent 3* hotel but in a good area. It's not acutually luxury; it's just a cheap (relational to prices in Dubai) place to stay and sleep for few nights. If you're on business in Dubai for maximum one week and you're looking for a budget hotel then Orchid is a good one.The noise problem that many users mentioned in this forum is still there, but mostly for the 2nd and 3rd floor. Our room (me and my colleague Maziar) was in the 4th floor and we could hear only a weak sound from night clubs in the first floor.The hotel serves buffet breakfast and lunch included in its price. The number of choices is not bad and foods are acceptable. The rooms are really small, but clean. The pool on rooftop is actually very small, not should call it a pool! The lobby is small in size and very decent.Taxi is a real problem in Dubai these days, and this hotel can't do anything for you too. But it has some regular van services to some shopping centers and beach that you can use.The location is good, in Deira and close to City Center and Al-Nasser sq. where many hotels are is sorroundings.	
May 30 2008 	Clean and Good Location	My wife and I stayed at the orchid hotel for 3 nights. It's a good hotel with clean rooms and good location. Our room was at the 6th floor and the night club didn't bother us, but one of our friends who was at the 2nd floor had some problems with the noise. So, if you want to rest at night, you can ask the receptionist to give you a room at the top floors. The meal is good but the restaurant is small and sometimes you should wait for a seat. The hotel is near to main roads and there are a lot of restaurants, fast foods, shopping centers and supermarkets around it.	
May 14 2008 	really Terrible	hotel reception was not polite .first night we could not sleep at all because of load disco sound . shower room was disappointing . breakfast was OK but lunch was terrible .we told them to change our room but they refused it !!! .i will never stay this hotel and i recommend to find another place to stay .	
Apr 5 2008 	What an experience	If you like russian prostitutes, dodgy bars with sheik-dressed man and if you don't fancy sleeping this is your place.	
Feb 25 2008 	The least customer service providing hotel I have ever visited	The customer service is very poor and indifferent, including in the reception. Though the hotel is centrally located, do not be deceived because there are hardly any possibility to get a taxi and hotel does nothing to mitigate it especially when it comes to arranging the drop offs to the airport. So, be ready to overpay 4 times for the private vehicle to take you to the airport. Breakfast was bad. Seems also the emails the hotel provided are just for the decoration, because you should not expect that anybody will bother replying to them. If you go to relax and have the vacation without the need to settle the issues, avoid this hotel, because you will get issues.	
Feb 23 2008 	diappointed.	my 4 day stay at Orchid was a nightmare which seemed never to end.tunfortunately i had to stay since i had prepaid .the service was bad.the reception was careless and instead of being helpful would try to bring excuses regarding the problems.the room was unclean..the food was not good at all.i felt decieved as i left this place.as i told the reception before leaving i would not recommend anyone to stay at Orchid.	
May 3 2007	Not a Bad 'un	Hotel staff were very, very helpful although hotel a little dated. Location was okay. Nightclubs were very noisy at night families to stay as high up as possible.	
Mar 20 2007 	scalding hot water from both taps	The first impression when you enter the reception lobby is a little alarming as you see giant posters of cabaret dancers. Especially when so many reviews mention the loud noise. And to add to your apprehensions, the lobby seems a little gaudy too.So I asked for a room as far away from the noise as possible and I got it without much ado. My room was nice and clean on the 5th floor, but the water was really hot so I turned on the cold water to neutralize it but to my surprise it was hotter, so I rang the concerned department and they switched off the boiler. I had to wait for an hour for the water to cool down.This exercise had to be done very morning and after a certain while I started feeling like boiled meat. It was certainly cumbersome to wait for the right temperature water to come so you could take a shower so inevitably risks had to be taken.Otherwise the staff was very polite and hospitable. The breakfast was very ordinary and it was a formality to have it, before you went out.My overall experience was OK!	
Feb 19 2007 	Do not stay here if you have any option unless you are an insomniac	I stayed at the hotel whilst in Dubai on business and unfortunately would have to say that the whole experience of my first visit to Dubai was overshadowed by the deafening noise from the disco which went on until the early hours of the morning on all four nights that I stayed at the hotel. Despite of the fact that my colleague and I asked to be moved after the first night, and were relocated to the 5th floor, the noise was still overwhelming. As there are many good alternative hotels available in Dubai, if a little expensive in the main, there really is no need to suffer the terrible noise at the Orchid. Avoid at all costs.	
Dec 19 2006 	Four Reasons	a) Disco everynight from 10 pm to 3 am shakes your room, b) losing room key will cost you 100 Dhs = $27, c) no hot water, and d) no non-smoking rooms	
Dec 1 2006 	Orchid - Basic not Beautiful	I picked the Orchid because it was close to the Al Bustan where I was attending a conference - but considerably cheaper! The rooms were basic but clean - which was all I was looking for. Don't expect a bell boy to assist you - there was one.....sometimes! Several night clubs on 1st floor - which is not unusual for 3 star hotels in Dubai. Due to my attending social functions which ended late, I can't comment on the noise from the clubs as they had finished by the time I returned to the hotel. The particular thing I enjoyed about this hotel is that they serve food until 4.30am in a small restaurant in the lobby - where there is a great mix of people. I particularly recommend the spicy beef and fried rice.....tasted great in the early hours - and sent me to bed satisfied!I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are trying to impress that special person in your life - but for the single business traveler who doesn't plan to spend too much time in it - it's fine and good value by the ever increasing Dubai price standards.I would return......but only for the spicy beef!	
Nov 23 2006	Value for money	Good location only 10 minutes walk from Bur Dubai, the souks and creek. Always a taxi passing the hotel or nearby main road every minute for longer trips away.The rooms are very basic, but clean. Just don't go on the balcony - we had to ask for a key to be allowed access to ours and then had to wade through several inches of sand and dust. Don't expect a romantic balcony experience here!The nightclubs are loud, going on until 2am each night, but thats part of the Dubai experience! The Filipino one was always good for a nightcap, the clientel was almost exclusively Filipino and the occasional Arab in national dress. Filipino bands playing covers of classic rock and pop tunes, the customers seemed very pleased to see a couple of westerners and made us feel at home. The downstairs club featured a Russian girl/boy duet called Tease, playing a mixture of Western and Russian pop covers, who were so awful we spent hours watching them each night! Try to imagine Arnold Schwarzenegger singing &quot;Mambo Number Five&quot; and you'll get the idea! Despite the unintentionally hilarious act, this club rarely had more than 10 people in it. The barlady was also very aggressive when I dared take a photograph of my friend in there, although I since learnt that using cameras in Middle East nightclubs is a big no-no, presumably the many Arabs getting sloshed on Budweiser didn't want their photos posting on the web. We also made the mistake of assuming the many Russian girls working there as dancers/singers did extra work in the bedrooms - wrong! They were insulted to say the least.The pool area was a joke, just about big enough to call it a bathtub (and unheated at that). The area around it, surrounded by air-con vents and kitchen extractor outlets, was just about big enough to accommodate 10 fat Russians - the clientel was very E European and most of these were hideous, milk-white, gold toothed, overweight, loud men who spent all day/night drinking cheap liquor by the pool. Atmospheric in a way though.Service was excellent, bar breakfast. Where at 10am the waiters would wait by your table and snatch your plates/cups as soon as they became empty. Arrive at 1001 for breakfast and there wouldn't be a crumb left. The breakfast wasn't too appetising either - lamb curry at 9 in the morning ? No thanks.Good for young travellers on a budget and who won't be going to bed until 2am, otherwise avoid.	
Nov 22 2006 	Horrible	My heart sank as we pulled up. Smell of smoke in the room and damp. No hot water, loud music all night.I booked it through the virgin website, looking for a fairly cheap long weekend.After two nights (I'm sure it was full of prostitutes at night) we ran screaming and blew all our cash on the Jumeriah Beach Hotel.	
Mar 2 2006	Won't Rush Back	A group of five of us stayed at the Orchid for 3 nights at the end of February 06. We had all been to a wedding in India and were looking for a few days to chill before returning home. We were a mixed group of males and females and of ages. We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. The hotel has 3 nightclubs all based on the First Floor and they are all open till the early hours of the morning. We had rooms on both the 4 and 5 floors and 4 of the party required ear plugs to ensure a good night sleep.The breakfast buffy is very basic and is served in Cindy's Phillipino Night Club. Interesting having breakfust under ultra violet lights and sitting with people in their night clothes.All things considered if you are looking for a hotel close to the airport for 1 or 2 nights then this hotel is okay. However we are sure that if you search the web you will find nicer and more reasonably priced hotels. Our rooms cost approx £90/night including breakfast.We intend to return to Dubai but will look for a better hotel next time.	
Oct 3 2009 	???????????		
Dec 18 2008 	A éviter		
