Nov 5 2009 	Beautiful Comfortable and Affordable	Having stayed in a few hotels in Dubai over the years and having lived in dubai for 5 years I feel I'm quite well qualified to comment on accomodation in this amazing city. Coral alkhoory Hotel apartments is the one of the best in the city. However as far as rooms and service goes it's excellent. The rooms and beds are very large clean and well serviced. My room had a huge walk in shower as well as a bath with a second shower over it. Also there were tea / coffee facilities, an in room safety deposit box and a good sized wardrobe. Internet access was included and worked without problem for the whole days I stayed at the apartment. The hotel is located in easy walking distance (10 minutes) of the Mall of the Emirates and is about a 15 minute walk from the Mall of the emirates METRO station. Also within easy reach of the hotel are supermarkets (there's one below the hotel),	
Sep 21 2009 	Definitely NOT a four star more like a three star	I stayed in the Coral Al Khoory for 3 weeks and my first impression was that I walked into a hotel built in the 1970s. The furniture colors were terrible shades of browns, yellows, greens. How can this be a new hotel?? The smell in the lobby reminded me of wet dog, however it seemed to get better rather than worse during my stay.The staff are your typical Yes Sir, Yes Ma'am sort of robotic types who were friendly enough, but unable to multi -task and check in took ages. During my stay I actually witnessed and argument between 2 of the staff which was quite very unprofessional. It also seemed like the Arabic guests got priority a better service than I did being a Western Male. The pool is new but fairly small. There are a lot of screaming children which made it difficult to read and relax. They gym is pretty basic and all in all everything is quite clean. I think for Dubai there are much better 4 star hotels, for example the Al Manzil in Old Town.The Coral Al Khoory should be a 3 star. Would I stay at the Coral again? NO.	
Aug 28 2009 	Coral Al Khoory Hotel Apartments is the best in dubai	Group work is very nice and cooperative, the rooms very clean and wide, close to shopping and entertainment centers, thanks .I hope to increase the speed of the internet inside the hotel it is very necessary	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Choice	This is a brand new hotel apartment in Dubai (open Jan 2009)It has studio, 1, 2 and 3 bedrooms apartments.It’s suitable for families.The location is good, near Emirates Mall.The rooms are spacious, and all of them have LCD TV in it.The hotel has a lot of facilities, like car parking in the basement, swimming pool, and gymThe only disadvantage is that the internet is available only for a fee.	
Apr 24 2009 	Perfect	I choose this hotel for the price and the location and it was a really good thing; the hotel is just few minutes by walk from the Mall of Emirates. You need to take the taxi (that you find very easily) to go in the city but it's really cheap (15 dirhams to go to the Burj Al Arab and 30 to go to Jumeirah Beach Park).For now on there is no construction around the hotel (on its block).The swimming pool is really nice and there is always someone to help you around.I had a studio which was very clean and big enough for a person.The employees are really nice to youJust that if I go back to Dubai, I would choose this hotel back without doubts	
Apr 8 2009 	Rooms clean was cheap enough but would not go back.	Check in &amp; check out was extremely slow but they were not busy. Breakfast was very ordinary, but staff tried by doing what they could. The rooms are very clean with everything you need. Breaky was included with our room &amp; despite it saying clearly in the rate we were charged for it &amp; took 5mins before the office person accepted they had made a mistake &amp; removed it. He just kept repeating &quot;but you had breakfast&quot; while seeing on the original voucher that it was included. It was good value, but go without the breakfast &amp; with the money you save order a club sandwich by room service instead.	
Mar 26 2009	Inside superb outside building site	Just had three nights at the Coral al Khoory Dubai, got to admit the hotel was superb and nothing was too much touble for the brilliant staff, so clean you really could eat off the floors, but outside was a dusty buiding site as is all of Dubai, a million cranes tower over as many unfinished sky srapers and the roads are clogged with gas guzzling 4 x 4's the shopping malls are pallatial in places and the cleaners walk behind you sweeping and polishing just incase you leave a finger mark on the opulent marble floors. How many malls have you visited with an aquarium as big as a three bed semi?!With out doubt I highly reccomend this hotel, as For Dubai I wouldn't waste a good holiday to come here, it really is home to the ugliest buildings on earth. Everything they build is very high made from glass and covered in sand dust, and they buld them in there thousands and squash them next to each other, Birmingham has a better landscape than this place. Dubai is not a destination for holiday makers	
Nov 8 2009 	sachliche Atmosphäre - freundliches aber inkompetentes Personal		
