	Average Hotel	Average HotelPros: Location,Complementary Breakfast, PriceCons: Cleanliness, Room service	
Sep 27 2009 	Average hotel (but not 4 star) with basic amenities	if you are looking for a hotel with 4 star amenities better find some other good hotel.. The best +point is the location.. very close to metro station (khalid al waleed - burjuman), zabeel park &amp; dubai creek (abra).. Worst part is the check in procedure... after travelllin by road from oman for 6 hrs we reached the hotel at 2.15 pm &amp; got the room keys at 3.05 pm , 50 min for the checking in .. pathetic !!! Room service &amp; housekeeping the worst !!	
Jul 9 2009 	very good hotel very friendly staff and very efficient.....	centrally located, good buffet breakfast very comfortable .....only if the nathroom size could be increased.......overall very satisfied.we flet we were in the heart of the city...................like home..........	
Jul 7 2009 	Business Hotel Located Next to Convenient Mall	Our five day stay at the Regent Palace was arranged by business associates who chose it because it is reasonably priced, located across the street from a large shopping mall with restaurants, and is close to business offices. I was satisfied with the hotel and would recommend it for business travelers.We had a corner room that included a separate sitting area. This gave us plenty of space. Ask for a room on the upper floors to get away from noise from the clubs. Water was warm but not hot. I'm probably the only one who wants hot water in the desert. Breakfast was quite varied and very plentiful with food suiting various cultures. The staff was helpful but limited in their knowledge of English. We were never able to get the Internet to work, and tech support couldn't come for days, but a few blocks down the street we found a free wifi hotspot with excellent croissants.Having a mall across the street meant we always had a cool place to go, important during a summer visit. There were several nice restaurants and a food court as well. I did walk to the Old Town from the hotel, but you could take a taxi for under $7. As a female alone while my husband was at business, I felt safe walking in the area.The pool was minimal, at best.While I have no complaints at all about the hotel, if I went back during the summer months, I would probably book a room at the luxury beach hotels (I mean the 6 and 7 star hotels!) instead. During the off-season, you can get those hotels for the same price. However, those hotels are not located convenient to the office areas so that would have to be your consideration.	
Jun 25 2009 	It was a great stay...	I was travelling for a business trip.I choose Regent Palace Hotel because of its location.It was my first time.When i arrived,the staff is respectful &amp; they are all smiling,greeting the guests.My room is clean and smells good.The bed is very comfortable and clean.It was really a relaxing stay.Everything was great and for sure i will go back to stay in Regent Palace Hotel.Thanks for the management for taking care of their guests.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fantastic.	beautiful hotel,beautiful location,wonderful and pleasant staff.mr sachin and mr alex really wonderful and helpful people.	
Jun 11 2009 	Loved the service !!	The hotel has very spacious rooms ..	
May 26 2009 	OK Hotel in Dubai	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Dubai. Location was great - opposite the road from Bur Juman (shopping mall). The room was fairly pretty with nice decoration and flat LCD tv. Extra bed was quite hard though (my sister akined it to a prison bed). Breakfast on the go (for those who check out early) was terrible, though the breakfast buffet was ok. Decent hotel all in all. Tours booked from this hotel are also pretty cheap.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good Hotel	It is good hotel, centrally located in Karama (Dubai) approx 30 min from airport. They provide visa services, i.e. if you book room, via email they get us visa within 4-5 working days and they charge on credt card. Its so flexible to get UAE visa sitting in on your own office. They provide airport pickup &amp; drop. There are two bars and two restaurants. Rooms are comfortable, need to buy internet connection. Breakfast - Indian veg. options are available in this hotel. It is near to a big shopping mall and they do have city site seening service every day in the morning.Across the road and behind the hotel, there are several good quality Indian restaurants (walking distance) in addition to hotel food option. Per night it was about 500 Dirhams, which might have gone down in this downturn. For visa service, they take 700 Dirhams per person.	
Mar 13 2009 	Loved Dubai never seen a worst 4 star hotel then Regent Palace	When we arrived there we spend 35 min for the check in .The girl on the desk was only interested to include the meal on our stay because was great arabic food and bla bla bla.On my experience I never include the meal to don’t get sucked with who knows what is great for them.The first thing I notice was the washroom so dirty and the water pressure was so little that I thought should be a problem with that, so I call the reception.After 1 hour a maintenance guy comes up and tells me this is normal for them.We stayed for 5 nights and they where not changing the sheets every day.If you do not put the towels in the floor they will not change them never.When we came back from a city tour at 6pm the room has not been touched at all , the service room came at 9.30 pm when we where ready to go to sleep.The hotel and restaurant team is so unfriendly that I could not believe .I have never been in Dubai or Middle East before and I don't know who in the hell has gave 4 stars to the Regent Palace Hotel.That hotel has no parking, no balconies, nothing that a 4 star has in western standards, let alone the behavior of the hotel team.I will never recommend this hotel to nobody I know	
Jan 29 2009 	Choose antoher place PLEASE	I have stayed in Regent Palace for 3 nights. Let me say that today which I'm back, I am suffering from 3 nights without sleep! The sound of music of this hotel bars are loud enough to be heard even in 4th floor until 3:00 AM. It is also good to know that if you have a room facing the street, taxis which stay at the front door of this hotel start to beep and beep and beep from 2:00 in the morning. Simply I can say you will have no convenient night up there. It's even worse if you have to wake up early in the morning to go to work. The staff also seem to act with a 'Don't Care' attitude. Whenever you want something, you need to ask ten times and wait long to have your request done. So please choose another place if you still have time.	
Jan 19 2009 	UNFRIENDLY UNWELCOMING @ The Regent Palace	This hotel is located very conveniently in Bur Dubai, close to many shopping areas, and best of all, right opposite the BURJUMAN SHOPPING CENTER. It's location is the only thumbs up it gets from me. I found staff to be unfriendly, unaccomodating and when you ask them any questions, it's like it's an effort to give you an answer. They don't always greet you when you enter/leave the hotel. The late shift (late evening, early morning) staff were different however, and much friendlier.The staff in the restaurant where you will have your buffet breakfast are just as unfriendly and unwelcoming. You have to ask for things like sauces, and they will get it for you with no smile on their faces. I have had to call waiters for tea/coffee as they don't always come to your table like they're supposed to.Their decor leaves much to be desired, the rooms are smelly like they haven't been inhabited for months, a smell that I can liken to Calamine lotion! The bathroom is tiny. And I have stayed in 2 star accommodation with better service!	
Nov 18 2008 	Do not stay there	We had booked a one nght stay and prepaid. We arrived at 10.00 p m, and were greeted by a surley and rude receptionist. She demaned both our passports, and then a credit card to cover incidentals. Both passports seemed unusual, and although the request for a credit card was not, the follow up request that I gave her my pin number was! Whe I refused, she gave me the machine, and asked me to enter it. I said that I was not happy, and she responded that if I wanted to stay there, I had to input my pin. She assured me that no charge would be passed.After some argument, I entered my pin, and as luck would have it, it was then declined. She then asked for another credid card. At this pojnt, I did refuse, and she then asked for a cash deposit! I refused, and said that they coould send the manager to see me when he was available.Eventuallly, we were shown to our room, which was pretty poorly furnished, and immediately a porter arrived to empty the mini bar!!!!Fortunately, we only stayed one night, which was very noisy, and left at 6.00 a m, vowing never to return.We learned on our return to UK that the hotel tried to take money from my credit card!	
Oct 26 2008	Not great	Being located opposite the Burjuman Center is maybe the only thing going for this hotel. Staff are incredibly rude, grumpy and slow and have no concept whatsoever of customer service. The decor was tacky as well as the evening entertainment. The pool was nice, I went swimming there a few times and the gym was OK, nobody else seemed to be using it though. Breakfast was mainly Indian fare, and was fine if you're used to eating a heavy breakfast in the morning and it varied very little from day to day. I wouldn't book any excursions with them because it's a rip-off, phone calls as well were extremely expensive, there are a lot of fast food restaurants nearby and a supermarket at the end of the road but in general the place is quite grubby and badly maintained.	
Oct 20 2008 	Never stay here. don't be fooled	I know is a long review, but PLEASE READ EVERYTHING.Only one word. Terrible. I stayed there in September, and (Lucky me!!!) the Rock Bottom Cafè and the other pubs were closed for the Ramadan. I booked through another website for a room on the Second Floor. When I arrived to my room, I noticed that everything was dirty and not-working: the TV and all the facilities were out of work, no complimentary as Water, tea and coffe that ALL the 4star hotel give u, NO toothpaste-toothbrush. NOTHING FOR a 4 star hotel, and for its rate.But... the best was willing to come.On the second day, I started hearing from the toilet such a terrible smell (i let u imagine which kind of smell) and little noise; passing the hours, the smell began to increase and so the noise.I called the reception maybe 4 or 5 times, and NO ONE arrived. After 1 hour and half, arrived a guy, who had no idea what was happening. He started to do some work on the ceiling of the toilet and.......... I hear a terrible noize, HE BROKE DOWN THE PIPING... and both the toilet and the poor guy were completely covered with .. i let u imagine what.So, i Complained with the reception, and after One hour!!!!!! they gave me a NEW ROOM...do u want to know the best??! They brought to the new room the TOOTHBRUSH i had bought the day before, completely covered by Sh... and pee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Absolutely AWFUL DREADFUL and TERRIBLE.NEVER EVER STAY HERE.	
Sep 1 2008 	Dont ever stay here!	This has to be one of the worst places I have stayed for the following reasons:1 - The noise from the two bars/nightclubs on the ground and mez floor till 3am every night of the week will keep anyone staying at the hotel awake. Not useful if you have to get up and go to work.2 - It was a daily battle to ensure the cleaners left any towels in the room3 - The DVD/TV did not work4 - When the DVD/TV was replaced and worked the batteries in the remote controls were always flat.5 - My room had pictures missing from the walls6 - Carpet needed a good clean7 - Staff on the reception had no interest in the problems and were very rude.8 - Quality of food in the hotel made the Pizza Hut down the road look like a good night out!9 - Internet was very expensive and when I decided I had to send some emails the reception had run out of vouchers so I could not use it!	
Jul 26 2008 	NEVER EVER EVER STAY HERE	I had the misfortune to stay at this hotel for work reasons for a number of weeks and I can tell you the following is shockingly true. Please read the entire review I know its long.1. Rooms are VERY VERY noisy due to two loud bars , rock bottom ( which is terrible ) and another phillipino bar both with bands and worse LOUD DJ's. This goes onto 3am EVERY night and any room floors 1-3 WILL feel it and hear it.2. They restored the managment offices for 3 weeks directly under my room and this was jack hammers at 4am , drills , hammering which of course travels nicely in concrete to the base of your bed . Ear plugs in , you can still hear it.They followed this with MORE banging in other parts of the hotel all day and most of the night.3. Buffet in the sea food resturant WILL give you diarear and / or make you sick as it did for me most days until I stopped eating there.4. Room cleaners are not bad , but are slow , and hardly ever use a vacume cleaner on the floors.5. Staff in most cases are grumpy and slow , totally disorganised.and don't care about your sleepless nights .6. In - Room internet is dial up slow and costs a fortune and when it breaks , it stays broken for 3 days until the useless tech guy decides he is ready to fix it.7. I was moved to the fourth floor during the noise , which simply meant I heard different banging from different parts of hotel , in addition the room was so damp there was condensation on the mirrors 24 hours a day .When I walked into the service stair well to see why it was so damp , all the floors above 3 had moisture dripping from the walls not good for your health.8, Management here are without question the worst I have ever seen , from lovely 2 star hotels in bali to 5 stars in Korea this makes even the worst of those look pretty good.9. GYM , the staff are just plain creepy. NOT one day of going to the gym was I not bothered by a female staff member coming in , turning on the big screen TV LOUD and sitting down and watching an Indian soap opera. On top of this ,imagine using the running machine and some guy comes in and cleans while you are excercising , spraying some cheap and nasty cleaning products directly around you , i didnt have to imagine that it happeneded more than once.My female co-worker also staying here reported the same female staff member attempting to walk into the female changing rooms to see her naked on a number of occasions.My advice . There are much better hotels in Dubai , and if you must visit here choose those hotels NEVER stay at this one or any other RAMEE run hotel.	
Jun 23 2008 	2 star hotel with 5 star rates	I found the Corrupt Indian porter demanding money for bringing overnight guest. For that it made my hotel stayed uncormfortable.They charged me $200 for calling a friend in Oman. It is a 2 star hotel with 5 star rates.I would not go to Dubai now, feels like living in a construction site, a small city with no history.Lots of corrupt taxi drivers... pakistanis and indians... Be streetwise out in Dubai.	
Jun 14 2008 	Good Value For Money	We ended up staying at this hotel when booking a trip through lastminute.com - its a great hotel well located for the price. Most hotels tend to be a little pricey, and you pay for your location. We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of April 2008 and enjoyed ourselvesThe room was very pleasant - reasonably sized and warm, standard facilities of television with satellite. Good double beds - although we were overlooking a busy road we didn’t hear anything. The rooms were clean The breakfast in the morning was very good - a standard hotel buffet type and the staff were very friendly and helpful when we needed them All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 9 2008 	Looking for Food Poisioning?	I travelled to Dubai with a friend in June of 2006 for a week and stayed at the Regent Palace Hotel. I would not stay at this hotel ever again for a number of reasons. Firstly, the entire hotel had this strong odour of cleaning supplies, that became noxious after 2 - 3 days. Secondly, my friend became violently ill with vomiting and diarrhea after eating at the breakfast buffet - a mistake we did not dare to make again. Thirdly, making tour reservations at the hotel was impossible, we had to take a cab to another hotel in order to make reservations. Fourthly, the plugs in the room didn't work, and I had to use a pen in order to plug the iron in. On the plus side, the room had strong air conditioning and a fridge and safe. Unfortunately, the safe stopped working and all of our valuables were locked inside for the remainder of our trip. All in all, this hotel was definately not worth it's value, and I would recommend not staying here. The other TripAdvisor reviews describe the hotel to the tee, while the staff can be friendly at times, the hotel is very loud and an overall poor choice at best.	
Feb 25 2008 	Short Stay 	First of all, i'd like to thank Mr. Basim Mahadik of Destinations of the World (Airport branch) for booking this hotel when i reached Dubai. 2 nights- Single room (Bed &amp; Breakfast) @ AED 1,93.18- The hotel's just in front of Bur Jurman so it's not hard to find food and no need to waste $$ on taxis 2 go shopping! Reached the hotel at 7.45am and had an excellent breakfast at the hotel's restaurant. Normal Check-in time 2pm!8.30am: Finished breakfast8.45am: Had a cigarette &amp; read the newspapers @ the cafe bar on the ground floor.9.00am: Paid Dhs 30 for 1 hour to use the hotel's internet. (optional, Dhs 100 for 24 hours in ya room but u need ya own laptop) 10.00am: Went out to have a walk around. noon: asked for my room but the reception to wait till 2pm. so i went out again and came back 1.30pm1.30pm: Told me to wait... and i ended up sleeping on the leather couch in the main lobby. 3.15pm: Woke up and was mad at that stupid counter attendant for not waking me up to fill up the check in form! 3.35pm: Finally got my room card (218) Went up to the second floor and when i opened the door... there were still other ppl's belongings. Went back downstairs and losing my patience!! 3.38pm: Yelled at the stupid unprofessional receptionist and got a new card (room 318) went to my room and tipped the bell boy Dhs 10-4.50pm: After a good shower.. preparing myself to have a good rest. Heard someone trying to open my door and came in a russian. That super stupid receptionist gave the wrong card again!!! I was so tired... that i didn't bother to complain.Apart from this incident, I don't really have much to complain and my stay at this hotel is rather satisfactory, the staff in general is very friendly and helpful. The room and my bed was big enough + a 32&quot; LCD TV &amp; had a great view of the Bur Jurman Shopping Centre and the busy street. Bathroom is clean with hot water and bathtub and strong water pressure.If you've got a &quot;sommeil fragile&quot; then i recommend u to get a room on the upper level because of the bass from the disco club!Noise from the outside (cars/ construction) shouldn't cause any problem if u close ya window.There are some restaurants behind the hotel. And U'll find a really cheap cyber cafe in a bookshop along an alley. It costs only Dhs 3 for 1 hour. I guess that'll be all.. if i missed out anything, please update. If u're single or a young couple and on a short visit, I would recommend u this hotel. Have a nice trip :)	
Feb 8 2008 	Less than expected	Due to ongoing roadworks in the area this hotel is unfortunately not as well placed as it looks on a map. While it is directly opposite a large shopping centre, it takes a 5-10 minute walk to negotiate the building works to actually move from one to the other. The hotel is also conveniently located for catching the airport bus although hotel staff have no information on the route.The room itself was large and comfortable, with a very large television, DVD player and a large bathroom. However: reception staff were slow and disinterested; the concierge was very slow; the mini bar price list was incomplete; the unhappy carp kept in underfloor tanks in the dining hall was in poor taste; breakfast was terrible, and the room suffered from noise and smoke rising from a bar on the ground floor.	
Jan 27 2008	Avoid this hotel at all costs !!!	I have to stay at this hotel because my company forces me to otherwise I wouldn't go near the place. A room at the front of the hotel has constant noise from the road construction outside (this has been going on for over 12 months) stay in a room on the 3rd floor or lower and you get booming disco and rock music until 3am. After 3am it's honking of car horns as the bars empty.Stay in a front room below the 3rd floor and it's hell !!Staff are totaly unhelpful and indifferent to any request you make, in fact they lie to you constantly.I left my room at 10am every morning returning after 2pm to find that my room still had not been cleaned , despite putting the &quot;clean my room please&quot; sign on the door. The room boy turns up around 6pm offering clean towels instead of cleaning the room.The facities are a joke, a swimming pool on the roof.....it's a kiddies splash pool. Poor quality TV picture with a lack of english language programs. Take a look at the way the electrical equipment is plugged in......overloaded sockets, really safe NOT!No security, anyone can walk in off the street and access any floor of the hotel. The rooms do not have peek-holes in the door or any sort of security chain on the door. Be prepared to be accosted by drunks looking for their mates.I waited for 30 mins to try and get a taxi outside the hotel, the bell boy was supposed to do it for me. He just gave up and walked away.Avoid this hotel if you possibly can, it will ruin your trip!!!	
Jan 21 2008	TOO noisy	After having read several reviews I thought the noise coming from the disco bar or call it hard rock club could not be so terrible, but when you try to get some sleep after a night flight, then this is definitely not the place to go to, especially not for this price.Also the rooms could use some renovation.For the rest food was ok, but in general price for a room is not in comparison with what you get. If this hotel would be located in Western Europe, then it could not survive.	
May 18 2007 	ok place	Me, my wife and my 7 year old son stayed here going to australia this year and on the return trip,after reading numerous reports on here about the hotel we were very dubious about stopping.When we arrived at the hotel the staff were extremely freindly and very helpful,the food in the restaurants was excellent,and the rooms wer very comfortable as well,the swimming pool leaves a lot to be desired it reminded me of a frog pond!.If you do stop atthis hotel i would definitely recomend the american diner the food is fabulous and the service is second to none.All in all we had an excellent stay in dubai and would go back to this hotel again.	
Feb 20 2007	Needs a shake up!	Stayed here 5 times in 2006 and just got back from last visit a few weeks ago. The staff as ever are excellent and always make me feel at home. A few niggles including very poor service at breakfast but the Restaraunt Manager sorted that out. It has had a revamp on the 5th floor but the rest of the hotel could now do with some improvement as decor very 'tired'. Spoke to the General Manager who implemented a few changes whilst i was there so all credit to them for that. As a tourist hotel its a no go but for business is ideal. Traffic in Dubai gets worse by the week so a central location is a must. They are now putting in the new metro but that will not be finished until 2008. The work outside the hotel doesnt help traffic flow. As my office there is a 10 minute walk away its convenient so will probably go back as nothing else very local for me. Rates are creeping up - as they are everywhere in Dubai - so maybe an idea to shop around, also you can haggle with prices if you deal with the hotel direct!	
Jan 10 2007 	Noisy place	Stayed at this hotel between Christmas and New Year 06 on route as part of a package holiday to Aus. The hotel has a good location opposite a large shopping Mall and you can walk to the Creek. The hotel itself is fair but there is a serious problem with noise at night (9pm-3am) due to the Club on the ground floor which is open to non residents.We were on the third floor and so were many floors above but the atrium hotel design seems to funnel the noise upwards. This noise occurred one one of our two nights, but other reviws I have seen indicate it is a regular problem. I would not go their again.	
Nov 14 2006	Avoid at all costs	Under no circumstances, no circumstances whatsoever, stay at this hotel - unless you like thumping, deep base, dico music throbbing through your bedroom all night. The disco music runs through to something like 5.00am in the morning. The disco clearly has no proper noise insulation and ths staff don't care.And if you ask for a room change the conversation will go like this. &quot;I would like to change my room because the music kept me awake all night&quot; Recepionist &quot;I know&quot; Me &quot;OK so please change my room&quot; Recepionist &quot;No sir we cannot change your room&quot; Me &quot;Why not&quot; Receptionist &quot;We are full - change is not possible - may be possible at 4.00pm come back then&quot;. Same conversation at 4.00pm except that it is finite - no change.In addition the rooms are shoddy with the hands free phone running our of power after 10 seconds, no in room tea or coffee and toilet seats of a quality that a landlord wouldn't put in a student's bedsit.If you want an internet card expect to wait 45 minutes for the cashier to return as nobody else has permission to give you one - even when the cashier returns don't expect too much attention from him - as clearly an internet card is not a priority.If this is the only hotel with a free room in Dubai - sleep on the street. It'll be quieter. And if this hotel is 4 star, as it claims - then.....	
May 8 2006	What a shocker	Stayed in this hotel for a few days . What a shocker. Disco music from 6pm until 3am every night with taxis picking up patrons outside honking horns and police sirens at the end of each session.Staff unhelpful and not understanding the Do Not Disturb sign on door. Would not stay at this hotel if it was the only one left in Dubai.Diane	
Jan 31 2006 	Regent Palace well not quite a palace.	Like all your reviewers, needs a bit of a refurb but great staff, good location, good for convention centre - not too far away 15 dhms by taxi, lively bar, but only go in 'Bombay Nights' restaurant/bar with ear defenders on. Never stay under third floor level and enjoy the rooftop swimming pool, excellent gym and sauna/steam room. Remember Dubai is 'Footballers Wives'crossed with 'Dodge City' plus hotel prices are being hiked 15%+ in 2006. Enjoy.	
Dec 12 2005	Excellent Location	We're regular visitors to Dubai and the Regent Palace Hotel. Centrally located, it's very close to major attractions and a hop across from Burjuman Center. The service is EXCELLENT, very friendly staff always willing to go out of their way. We would'nt rate it a 4-star by international standards but it is good value for money.	
Jun 25 2005 	Great Value and Location	With the skyrocketing room rates in Dubai, the Palace offers very reasonable rates, nice rooms, and a perfect location. Burjuman is across the street, and everything else is within a short cab ride. Numerous bars in the Hotel. If you want to be pampered----stay somewhere else. If you want a nice, safe place to stay---in a central location----then the Regent Palace is for you.	
Feb 28 2005 	Sleepless nights!!!	Firstly, let's start with the good. The hotel has an excellent location, right opposite the Burjuman Shopping Centre, which offers a good selection of normal and high-end shops and a food court.Now with the not so good. We arrived at the hotel and were checked into room 124 on the 1st floor. On closer inspection we noticed that the door of the balcony did not shut (and I don't think the balcony had probably been cleaned for years judging by the number of cigarette butts on the floor). After several feeble attempts to fix it, we were moved to a much nicer room on the same floor and things started to look better. That was until we went to bed that evening. The hotel has a bar called the 'Rock Bottom Cafe' (some might say appropriately named!!!) on the ground floor which has live bands playing every evening till 3am. All that is seperating the noise from the bar and the main hotel is a door (that is not sound-proof) and as the rooms are built around an atrium, noise travels fairly easily throughout. Anyway, all we could hear that night till 3am was the band (and I mean you could actually hear the singer and the words to the songs) and the room vibrating. We complained the following morning and were moved to the 4th floor and at the opposite end to the bar. Although the noise issue was much better you could still hear a very faint noise from the bar and also high-spirited people who congregated in the hotel atrium.The hotel staff were indifferent. One day on returning to our room we found it had been cleaned (as it should be) but that no bath or hand towels had been left. The hotel has obviously long since given up on customer feedback/satisfaction because in all three rooms we stayed in there were completed customer feedback forms from previous guests that had not been picked up and seeing as some weren't exactly flattering, makes you wonder why they even bother.The hotel is touted as a 4 star but I wouldn't rate it any higher than a 3. The reason it probably has the higher rating is because it has a swimming pool and gym. The gym was quite nice but the pool is on the roof and not very big or nice. If you are thinking of booking this hotel, I would advise and strongly recommend that you look to book elsewhere as I'm sure there are nicer hotels for the same value. If you have the misfortune to already be booked here, make sure you don't get room 124 and ask for a room on as high a floor as you can get and at the opposite end to the bar - or be warned that you may not experience many peaceful and restfull nights!!!	
Feb 15 2009 	Einladung zu 1001 Nacht		
