Nov 5 2009 	SOME BREAKFAST!	Although a continental breakfast was included in the tariff, when we entered the &quot;restaurant&quot; we were surprised to see an extremely basic selection of cereals (boxes), bread and condiments, apples and a hot water urn with coffee/tea sachets. Having just spent a month in Europe we were stunned at the difference in the quality, variety and quantity of the spread compared with the extensive and luxurious breakfast offered in hotels there. To top it off, while we were eating the cereal a staff member entered the room and informed us that the so called continental breakfast only covered bread/jam etc and instant coffee. It did not include cereals or fruit and that as we had already opened the cereal boxes we were told we had to pay for the cereal and apple (which we returned). These &quot;extras&quot; involved approx AUD $10 each.The reception people were helpful including upgrading us to a nice large clean apartment and we would recommend it if you want to organise your own breakfast which can be prepared in the apartment kitchen. There is a supermarket nearby with a reasonable range of foodstuffs.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good price for an excelent apartment	I think this is a good hotel apartment, cause in low seasson is very cheap and the neighborn is very confortable and quite. Very secure and not too far of center (4 o 6 km in this city is very close).I recommend for a families or long stays	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Hotel And Location	after looking after long time, i found Arabian dreams the most convenience to me and the family, since i came for business and they have to go round for shopping and enjoy Dubai,,the Hotel staff helped us a lot to find the best location to discover Dubai and do great shopping plus safari also,, the hotel rooms is so large and better than small room in the hotels, since mife start to cook same as home,,,, and the kids enjoyed the pool very mush..it is very closed to World trade center and very quiet out of traffic areaI really recommend it to all who is having family and business trips	
Apr 21 2009 	Centrally located clean comfortable and good value	We stayed for 8 nights with 3 children at Arabian Dreams hotel apartment. It was our first time in Dubai and we were really pleased with our choice of accommodation. The rooms were clean, large with high ceilings. We had the Deluxe suite which was very comfortable with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with an additional cloakroom. Obviously, we had a large sitting room and a fully fitted kitchen. Every room had a balcony and airconditioning worked really well. We were surprised by the convenience of ordering groceries, food at any time of the day and it was delivered within 10-15 mins. There is a supermarket and few restaurants at a walking distance. Staff were very polite and helpful. Taxi's can be hired outside easily and every place in Dubai was easily accessible. It is on an inside road so there is not much noise which was great.Negatives:1. Breakfast can be improved. Only tea/coffee/juice, toast and a few cereal boxes (extra pay) were provided. We were happy with bread'n'butter, so didn't bother that mush. More over it gave us an opportunity to sleep late and wake up late.2. There are no stunning Dubai views from the windows but we didn't care that much as we were out the whole day anyway.Overall, we were really pleased and will stay again at Arabian Dreams.Hot Tip: Call the hotel directly and ask for a better deal. You will be surprised.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nothing special with only a stale croissant included for breakfast.	The Faulty Towers of Dubai!We found Arabian Dreams to be overpriced for what it was: a standard apartment in a fairly unattractive area with lots of messy construction going on around the hotel. The room itself looked to have been renovated in the last few years although was still shabby in some areas. Our bedside lamps had no plugs on the end, just torn cables, and the bath had not been replaced, so was scratched with old with dirty, mouldy grout around the tiles. The bathroom also smelt. Take your own pillow too as you only get one thin one! The towels are also thin and a bit grotty.We had no hot water and when a member of staff was unable to fix it we had to be quite firm in order to get moved to another room. They did in the end upgrade us from a studio to a one bedroom apartment. This apartment also had a bad smell in the bathroom, which we think is due to a faulty ventilation system as this is where the stink was coming from in both rooms. I notice other reviewers have had the same problem.Breakfast is included but BEWARE! This only means a stale croissant in a plastic packet, and a glass of juice. Everything else you have to pay for: it was approx £6 for two bowls of cereal and a piece of fruit. I thought this was really misleading, as when we booked we were happy to pay a bit more for this hotel than others as this one stated breakfast was included. For a really geat breakfast, or just a coffee, and free WI FI you can walk a few mins to The Daily Grind just around the corner (turn left out of hotel and then turn right around the front of the big round building at the end). Although only a few KMs to the airport, the traffic is appalling so be aware it can take nearly an hour at peak times to get from the airport to the hotel and vice versa. It's around £8 (40 dirhams) to get to the airport in a taxi.There is a small pool but it was closed for contruction. Classic!	
Feb 26 2009 	More a 3 star not a 4 star pleasant no frills accommodation	We stayed for 8 days in total, 3 of us sharing a 1 bedroom apartment. Staff was friendly and efficient, however rooms were a bit of a letdown. For a 4 star place, the furniture was quite old and cheap and there were cracks in the walls, kitchen outdated, with only enough cutlery (and towels) for 2 people! The beds were comfortable though, and the doonas were supersoft!We were woken every morning at 8am to someone talking in a megaphone down the end of the alley! Every day but Friday! Also the mosque next door has speakers in their 2 towers and chanting can be heard several times a day. We were also woken up twice in the middle of the night because the fire alarms went off!If you go anywhere, remember the street address as most taxi drivers have no idea where this hotel is located! The hotel is located in the old Bur Dubai which is charming, near a shopping centre and the New Gold Souk, also close to the airport.Pool was clean, although the pool area is very basic with sparse furniture. Has steam room and sauna. This place is good for those travelling on a budget who just want a comfy bed, located in Bur Dubai. Clean, basic accommodation.	
Feb 13 2009 	Loved the hospitality cleanliness location almost everything	Arabian Dreams is a wonderful place to stay with family. Its a home away from home. Staff is extremely helpful and responsive. Location is very convenient and central. You get total value for your money.	
Jan 12 2009 	Hard to recommend	We recently stayed at the Arabian Dreams Apartments for 6 nights over the New Year period, I would find it very hard to recommend these apartments to anyone. While the rooms were nice and the staff were pleasant, the walls of the rooms were so thin you could hear everything that was going on in the next apartment. Also it is very close to a mosque that woke us at 5.30am EVERY morning, not much of a restful holiday.	
Aug 27 2008 	What more could you want ??	After reading some of the reviews I was a little apprehensive about our stay but how wrong I was! Arun and his staff were extremely welcoming and attentive on our arrival - nothing was too much trouble. A smooth check-in and breakfast made us feel very at home. The two bedroomed apartment was enormous with wonderful, large bedrooms with crisp white sheets. The rooftop pool was lovely - we even had this to ourselves!Arabian Dreams makes a very central stop-over for the airport, the beach, shopping malls and sites of the city. My initial doubts are now a distant memory and I will defiantely be recommending Arabian Dreams to as many people as possible - we will definately be going back, hopefully for longer next time.	
Aug 13 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	After an exhausting flight to Dubai my family and I luckily came across Arabian Dreams Hotel Apartments (ADHA). We generally prefer to stay in Hotel Apartments because the rooms tend to be a lot larger than normail hotels - and to our surprise ADHA had massive rooms. Our two-bedroom deluxe apartment had 2.5 bathrooms with a fantastic view and lots of closet space. The beds were very comfortable and the full kitchen had clean utensils for us to use.The kids had a blast at the rooftop pool area which also had a jaccuzi. The view from the pool was amazing and there was even a steam and suana in the changing rooms. I highly reccomend this property for all long and short-term guests because it is so close to the center of Dubai and the airport - especially because for the same rate at other hotels you get much, much larger rooms at ADHA with even better services.	
Aug 7 2008 	A wonderful and memorable stayover	We were stopping over in Dubai for 3 days enroute to Pakistan. We were kind of dreading the journey, what with 3 kids under five including a 6 month baby. We had about six suitcases of luggage for the month long stay in Pak, which lay ahead of us. But this hotel was truly an Arabian dream for us. Such a warm welcome despite arriving at 3 am. The guy loaded all of our luggage on a huge trolley and swiftly, without a frown transported it to our room. The 1 bedroom apartment was so clean, comfortable, roomy, with a sep lounge area,exactly as the pictures showed on the internet. 1 bathroom, 1 shower room. (2 toilets) The kitchen was fully equiped with the essential things you'd need travelling with young kids. a microwave, a kettle (for feeds), a washing machine, a toaster. It was truly a home from home. I did about 2 loads of washing and they even gave you a clothes horse! There was also a little shop downstairs for essentials, and a Mosque just across the road ( which was like a taxi stand after the prayers, with taxi drivers attending the mosque!. Location was peaceful, about 15 min from airport and quite central to everywhere we wanted to go. The staff were friendly and very helpful.We loved our stay and the stay over was the perfect refreashing break we were not expecting. 4 star treatment and we paid £96/night Would definatley go back and definatley recomend to young families!	
Mar 13 2008	somewhat troubling stay	I found this hotel shortly after arriving in Dubai and ended up staying for 3 months. It was, in many aspects, a pleasant time but the place had a distinct Fawlty Towers feel to it. They had a fairly high staff turnover which was symptomatic of the way the the staff were treated. The air conditioning in our room was very loud. The washing machine broke down on a regular basis. In fact, all the appliances were quite cheap and nasty. The alarm would go of at all hours. There was also an incident involving the theft of money, which the hotel management tried desperately to hush up, rather than warning guests to keep their wits about them. I probably stayed too long. The pool area was lovely and the staff were very, very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 28 2007 	Simply awesome	I have stayed in many hotels in Dubai and spent loads of money but never came across this place until a friend recommend it to me. This is almost a brand new service apartments/hotel and not yet on expedia or other online hotel booking sites, I guess that’s why most people don’t know about it. Honestly speaking, you will NOT be disappointed, their quality of service was simple astonishing, and being a new hotel they tried everything to make their guests happy as possible. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this Hotel and I will be staying here again in Oct 07.I booked it over the phone and didn’t pay anything until I arrived (this may have changed since I last visited, simply because many people just book rooms for visa purposes and cancel their reservation at the last minute). I was offered 550 AED (£75) for a studio apartment and 1 bed suite was 750 AED (£101) a night which was very reasonable for 4 stars serviced apartment, and you really can not go wrong with it.Prompt and accurate checkin/checkout, rooms were extremely well presented. The kitchen was fully equipped with utensils which was a big plus point for us as to cook our own breakfast, free Wifi access and the gym (we didn’t use it). The pool area was peaceful and never too busy. You can see the whole of Dubai’s skyline from here – simply amazing to see how quickly this region has changed. We took taxi everywhere and this place is around 10 min from the world trade centre, Bur Dubai Museum and Bank Street.	
Aug 28 2007 	Besser als unsere Erwartungen		
Jan 31 2009	Bon appart hotel		
