	Friendly staff!	hotel staff made our trip very good and was wonderful.the food and service was excellent.it is right opposte the dubali mall which was very convenient for shopping and dining.As we had an option to come and relax whenever we chose to.good locationNice traditional arabic style courtyard..was nice to chill with a little bit of shisha	
	Wonderful Authentic Arabian Hotel	When we arrived our room was not ready so they invited us to take a complimentry lunch and in the middle of lunch (which was excellent) we got our key to the room. the room was excellent, clean and very comfortable, with a glass bathroom in the middle of the room, which was very unusual. We also has a shower cubicle and separate toilet. Our room overlooked the Burj Dubai. All of this area is typically Arabian style. Very close to The Dubai Mall - within walking distance and every night there is a musical water fountain display at the Burj which was excellent.There is a lovely pool area where they also serve lunch and attached to the Hotel is a shopping mall. Each night they put Chocolate Almond Dates on your pillow which is a nice touch.We had a wonderful 5 nights here to celebrate my birthday and would not hesitate to recommend to anyone.	
	A really nice hotel with very friendly staff	A very friendly welcome on arriving. Excellent breakfast, although service a little bit slow for bringing tea on 2 out of 3 mornings. Had to wait a further 5 mins each time for the milk to arrive. Small points but a bit annoying and very easily fixed.Very nice rooms indeed, liked the cool idea of the bath in the middle of the room, although not sure if that would suit everyone!A little pricey (but that's Dubai I guess).Overall though a very nice hotel indeed and I would definitely recommend it to others.	
Nov 26 2009 	All we hoped for!	I made very last-minute plans to go to Dubai and did a very quick search on TripAdvisor to see what everyone was recommending. Incidentally, if you look at my other reviews, I have stayed at the Burj, Al Qasr, and the Ritz while in Dubai. So I have a little bit of experience in Dubai hotels, but not a whole lot.We wanted to go to the Dubai Mall. No where else, really. We though we might like to take another trip to Emirates Mall for a comparison (which we did and there was really none- Dubai Mall has it beat imho), but the real reason was simply to visit Dubai Mall. I saw that Al Manzil Hotel was listed in the top 10- maybe even top 5- in the list for Dubai hotels- and it was the cheapest by a far margin. I booked it and off we went.In short, it was amazing. I'll give three short reasons.Atmosphere. The room is so uniquely set-up that we fell in love with that as soon as we got in. It's small, but didn't feel cramped. But the layout was so non-traditional that it felt...just right. It was very comfortable, with a HUGE tub and nice, separate shower. The atrium restaurant was also very nice. The food was excellent and the atmosphere and service were very good. Nothing over the top, it was comfortable and therefore not stressful.Location. We were about an eight-minute walk from the Dubai Mall. In the summer, eight minutes will feel like eight hours, but as the winter months are just beginning, so it was very nice. Also, as soon as you step outside and look to the left, you can see the Burj Dubai. Great view.Cleanliness. Of course the room and hotel were immaculate, as you would hope for and expect. But the streets and buildings were just as clean which is important.Overall it was a wonderful experience and I highly recommend staying at this hotel.Incidentally, we took a taxi to the Emirates Mall and it was about 15 minutes. Also, we were about 15 minutes from the airport.	
Nov 24 2009 	More than met all our expectations!	All the staff were unfailingly polite, friendly and helpful. Our room had a wonderful view of the Burj Dubai tower &amp; the city skyline. It was exceedingly well appointed with a large luxurious bath in the room itself and a shower and toilet each in a separate room. We found the location ideal (no noisy building work) and a free shuttle to the beach area. The newly opened Dubai Mall is close by with a smaller shopping area actually adjacent to the hotel.We liked everything - particularly the friendly reliable staff and there wasn't anything that we disliked except, perhaps, the slightly over-priced hotel car back to the airport.	
Nov 22 2009 	Best Service Great Staff	Me and my family were guests at this great hotel for one week, The location is perfect, the Staff were very helpful and serving the guests with all their effort and with a nice smile on their face from the Concierge and the front office personnel till the room service.My stay was really unforgettable and I really enjoyed this place. It deserves to be a 5 stars hotel and not only a 4 stars.The food was really delicious and the only issue was less variety of choices in the room service menu. I have to mention few names and I wish I could mention all names of the people working there: Simba at the Concierge, Walid and Taha and Imane at the Reception and Jay-R at the main restaurant, .....etc, those are few among the rest. I appreciate all the fantastic treatment to me and my Kid who was very naughty and running all the time, but the staff really helped me and showed great love during my whole stay. Thanks to the management who cares for the guests, and thanks to evreyone I met during my stay, if I am in the city, for sure I will return again to Al Manzil Hotel. The shuttle bus was a good idea and the rooms are well maintained, clean and with great views. The hotel lobby is very clean all the time, the main toilets are wonderful and having a shopping center with a bank and super market ( Dukkan Al Manzil) even a small one next to the hotel is a very good idea. Well I can't say enough about the hotel except that you have to try it in order to feel these things yourself. All the problems I faced were solved to my satisfaction and this what really makes me thinking of returning there again.With all my sincere and best wishes for the management and the personnel working in this wonderful hotel. Thanks again. Mrs. Hani Salama	
Nov 20 2009 	Great hotel and amazingly friendly staff with young baby	We stayed here for 3 days and we have a 1 year old baby. From the moment we arrived the staff were great with our baby. From taking him off our hands while we were checking in to wheeling him around the restaurant while we ate breakfast we could not have wanted anything more. They put a great cot in our room and there was more than enough space for all of us. The room layout was great with the bath featuring as a center piece and with the amazing view of the worlds tallest building this hotel was an absolute gem. Very close to the Dubai mall for shopping and some great restaurants in and around the complex. Taxis are so cheap that even visiting the palms/burj or the markets in town is very affordable and close. All this coupled with the reasonable price which as anyone knows who is looking for a hotel in Dubai is hard to find I could recommend more highly. If I ever go back to Dubai even for a stopover I will go back there.	
Nov 20 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL	We have just returned from our first trip to Dubai. We selected the Al Manzil hotel after reading reviews on trip Advisor and we have to say that this Hotel was the perfect location for us. Just a 5min walk is the Dubai Mall which has everthing you could possible need. One tip is to cross the road and walk through the Palace hotel to reach the Mall rather than head to the mall itself. The Al Manzil is a 5 star Hotel in every detail, the rooms are large and sapcious with the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. The staff are first class and a special mention goes to Syjel who worked in the restaurant in the evening and could not have been more freindly and curtious. On our arrival we were given coffee and allowed to have breakfast as our room was not quite ready and this was the start of the great service we recieved from all the staff during our visit. The courtyard in the evening is a great place to relax with the sports bar offering all live football and rugby matches if you want it. This was really a great holiday and we will definatly be returning to this hotel. My only complaint wuold be the taxis outside reception. We took a taxi to the gold and diamond centre and the driver took us on the long route around Dubai eventually charging us 50 dhs. The trip back in a taxi which we flagged down in the street was just 20dhs. I feel that the hotels porters who call the taxi to the front of the hotel should make sure that the taxi drivers do not try and overcharge there guests. I would rather tip an honest driver as the taxi are very reasonable.	
Nov 20 2009	Don't book anywhere else!	We stayed for 3 nights at this lovely hotel and honestly could hardly fault it. The staff are all delightful and none of them walk past you without asking if you are OK or need anything. The room was lovely with great views and the position is fantastic, right across the road from the new Dubai Mall from where you can get the 27 bus down to the Gold Souk for a few dirhans. The breakfast is excellent and there is a mall with supermarket, cafe and a few shops on the other side of the hotel. We got a great deal here and found Dubai itself wonderful. Expensive for people from the UK but safe, clean and easy to get around.	
Nov 19 2009 	OUTSTANDING...a great experience	This was my first trip to Dubai and after reviewing several hotels settled on Al Manzil. I made the correct choice. The staff was very attentive and professional and meet all of my needs. The food and atmosphere was great and location couldn't have been better. I owuld stay here again without question and would highly recommend this to anyone coming to Dubai. Thanks to everyone at Al Manzil for making my initial visit a memorable one. GB	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel by All Standards	My friend and I have stayed in this hotel for 2 nights based on Trip Advisor's recommendation as it truly deserves all the recommendations.This hotel is a 4 start but you will feels as you are in a five star hotel in term of service and cleanness. The staff are very kind and so helpful.The buffet breakfast is rich and delicious.The location is more than great... In couple of minutes you will be in Dubai Mall and in Souk Al Bahar.If you are planning to visit Dubai you should go to Al Manzil Hotel and definitely you won't regret it at all.	
Nov 13 2009 	Super location and super staff	Excellent hotel with super staff. The sports bar is great with excellent staff and great food. Opposite Dubai Mall. Really enjoyed the courtyard in the cool November weather.Will come again.	
Nov 11 2009 	The Perfect Package.	The location, amenities and service are by far this Hotels strength.Waiting Staff, Houskeeping and Pool Staff faultless.Senior &quot;Suited Staff&quot; slightly selective in who they communicate with, should take lessons from all the above.Al Manzil Health Club, Starbucks on the doorstep, Supermarket downstairs and Sports Bar all a big plus only down side is almost seven pounds for a Pint of Guiness in the Sports Bar was a total &quot;Rip Off&quot;, everything else reasonable.My advice to Al Manzil - &quot;Dont Change, you have a winner&quot;.	
Nov 10 2009 	GREAT LOCATION! 5 mins walk to Dubai Mall!	I have to say that the location of this hotel is PERFECT! It's only 5 mins walk away from the Dubai Mall &amp; Souk Al Bahar where you can get all the food you want! It's so convenient even you can get the Bus 27 (From Dubai Mall) to tour around Dubai and then Gold Souk for AED 2.5! What a bargain! We only stayed here for 1 night (Thursday) as the rate was a lot cheaper than any other nights @ AED 660 (inclusive of taxes and service charges). Just to experience a more authentic arab hotel really. Staff there are amazing- everyone is so friendly, courteous and they all seem to be very proud of working at this hotel. :) I'd love to stay here again for longer next time if I can afford it!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Attention to detail and service and great location makes this Hotel 5*	Myself and three friends stayed at the Al Manzil for three nights and enjoyed ourselves so much, it woudl be the first Hotel on our list when we return to Dubai. Great location, professional friendly staff, attention to every detail, fantastic rooftop pool, a courtyard for meals that transports you to another time, beautiful rooms and the most comfortable beds...........I just can't say enough about this Hotel. It deserves a five star rating. Special thanks to the night managaer, Frederick Paiva, for his help and assistance and genuine interest in our stay. A special thanks to the morning gardener who keeps the courtyard/pool area looking so beautiful, being a keen gardener myself, we struck up a conversation very quickly....keep up the good work.	
Nov 5 2009 	Five star hotel at four star price	The Al Manzil is a first rate hotel in the heart of Dubai old town (the city's biggest shopping mall is on the doorstep). It is spotlessly clean (we even saw a bloke polish a plant) and wonderfully equipped. The rooms are quiet, a good size and furnished with huge, unbelievably comfortable beds. There is free access to broadband, a sizeable plasma TV with every channel under the sun as well as a well-stocked mini bar. The staff are also very well-trained and always at hand to offer help and advice. The fabulous breakfast is the icing on the cake. In fact, the only downside is it's a 10-minute taxi journey to the beach, but don't let that put you off.	
Oct 30 2009 	Very good location	Very nice pool and quality rooms and service. Short walk to the mall. Food was only OK but Dubai is not great for food in general.	
Oct 29 2009 	Perfect just perfect :)	We stayed 5 nights from Oct 6 and booked this hotel purely on the recommendation of Tripadvisor reviews. We were not dissappointed - our stay was absolutely wonderful aided to no end by the wonderful hotel staff who looked after our every need.I celebrated my 50th birthday whils in Dubai and the staff presented me with a suprise cake just as I finiished my breakfast. Brakfast was superb with an endless selection of food to pick from. They really do cater for every need.Our room (no 539) was extremely comfortable and cleaned every day with new sheets &amp; towels added. The concierge booked (on my request) an evening dinner for us at the Burj Al Arab for a once in a life 50th birthday meal. A luxury limo was arranged to transport us to one of the most wonderful hotels in the world.The Al-Manzil's location really is super. You are within walking distance of the worlds tallest building as well as one of Dubai's newest shopping mall. The Address hotel is also nearby where you must have a drink in the bar on the 67th floor with wonderful views over Dubai. Absolutely gobsmacked when you see the scenery from so high up.All in all Al Manzil is ,a great hotel to stay in and I cannot praise it enough.My thanks to all the staff who made our stay memorable.	
Oct 29 2009 	Outstanding Value excellent hotel 	We have been to Dubai before but as we were only stying one night we thought we would stay somewhere closer and more convenient. We had checked out Tripadvisor as we always do and thought we'd try it based on the comments.It was outstanding value! The layout of the rooms is a little quirky with the bathtub in the centre - but hey wot fun!All the staff were so helpful and obliging. It was Ramadan so dining options were limited but that wasn’t a problem, the hotel provided excellent information on choices, what to expect and the common courtesies that people like me might not know about.The breakfast had to be one of the best we had on our trip and worth going to Dubai for alone. (Ok - so I like my breakfast!)While we were there we went on a Desert Dune Safari with &quot;Beyond The Dunes&quot; - this was a fantastic experience and as it was the start our holiday set it off with a big bang!Ahid collected us in a huge brightly coloured Hummer - we were it! We weren't stuck in the back of a Land Cruiser with lots of other people we didn't know. We drove to the Red Desert and dune bashed - watched the sunset over the desert and listened to the sounds of the call to prayer drift to us over the sand. There was no belly dancing and fake &quot;Bedouin camp&quot; (for one am happy about that!) Instead we set up in between some dunes on a rug, with drinks, a Shesha and a charcoal grill. Talking, listening to the sounds of the desert and having an outstanding time. A highly recommended experience. Ahid’s contact details are: [--]	
Oct 22 2009 	Highly Recommend. Deserves another Star	After reading previous travellers comments on Trip Advisor we chose to stay at Al Manzil 3 nights on route to Malta. It was a great choice. The location, hotel presentation and ambience and wonderful friendly staff and service were a perfect introduction to Dubai. The buffet breakfast was delicious,enormous fluffy bath towels appreciated.. A delightful hotel experience. Worthy of a 5 star. Hopefully, we will be back.Christine &amp; Graeme Perth West Australia	
Oct 20 2009 	A lovely hotel and great choice for value service and location	We booked this hotel on the recommendation of our travel agent. We had trawled through trip advisor trying to find the best location and got thoroughly confused so sought the advice of someone who had been. We were not disappointed. The hotel is half way between Bur Dubai (where you find the creek and old Dubai) and the Palm and Jumeirah properies. It is situated in an area called Burj Dubai - a new development set out like a Moorish town which looks and feels very authentic. The hotel is in a great location for the Dubai Mall, the Burj tower, the dancing fountains, the Palace hotel and also the Address Hotel - all within walking distance. The hotel is very clean and comfortable and has all the amenities you'd expect from a 4 or 5 star hotel.. The level of customer service from the staff is better than some top notch hotels we've stayed in around the world - they just can't do enough for you! My husband mentioned our anniversary and in no time the staff came and presented us with a cake and congratulations - we were almost in tears. Everyone speaks English and genuinely seems willing to ensure you have a nice stay. The breakfast is excellent with every taste catered for (no pork bacon though, muslim country) . The Courtyard at night is a great place to relax and unwind with a meal and a sheesha pipe (if you want it). The manager came round to meet guests during our stay and welcomed us to the hotel - nice touch. Dubai is expensive for alcohol and we found the only things much cheaper than in the UK are petrol, taxi's, cigarettes and tobacco. The shopping is great but not really cheaper than the UK although every designer brand has a store there. Plenty of jewellery shops if you fancy Gold and diamonds. Duty free is available on arrival at Dubai airport and worth a look for cigarettes, although as I said, alcohol and perfumes are cheaper in the UK. Dubai is very safe for tourists with little or no crime. Revealing clothes in public are not a good idea for ladies as a mark of respect for local culture but beachwear is fine by the pool. The desert safari is a great trip and the dhow dinner cruise is a nice way to spend the evening. ATM's are plentiful and easy to use. Taxi's are cheap and metered, best way to get around but beware of traffic jams at peak hours. I'd recommend the Al Manzil to anyone - it ticks all the boxes for us and doesn't have the heavy price tag of some of the other famous properies. Go and Enjoy!	
Oct 16 2009 	Wonderful Hotel with great Value	We stayed at this hotel in the month August 2009, Excellent welcome on the reception. Staff ready to take care of you, The rooms are designed very well and the space used to its best. Location wise - it is right opposite Souk Al Bahar (a 'traditional UAE souk) and a short walk to The Dubai Mall, we will come back soon to AlManzil, sure this hotel to be recommended.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent facilities 	I stayed at this hotel on a couple of occasions in May 09 &amp; was very impressed. What I like is that it offers a high-standard of facilities, is very comfrotable, and isn't one of those hotels which is monstrous or totally impersonal. The rooms were excellent, with high quality furnishings &amp; an interesting design with the shower/bath being in the middle of the room. It's handy to have a small souk next door, particularly the small supermarket for essentials. The Al Manzil is in a great location for the Dubai Mall, which is walkable (when it's not too hot) and also for the bar at The Adsress!. I liked the sports bar which was offered the chance to kickback, have a couple of beers &amp; watch a whole host of sports. Service at the hotel is good too, and nothing is too much trouble. I'd definitely recommend &amp; would happily stay again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent service above average	We stayed at the Al Manzil during Ramadam period and were generally speaken very please with our stay.The best thing for us is the incredible service of all staff members. All of them are extremely helpfull and friendly. This is certainly above average and I cannot even remember a hotel where I have ever experienced such a great service. Thumbs up, guys !I would like to give a couple of hints for future travellers :1) If you want to take a swim, visit the nearby Al Manzil Club. (free of charge). This swimming pool is much bigger then the one in the hotel. Even more important, the pool in the hotel is cooled off too much which makes it really unpleasant. I saw that many guests struggled to swim in the hotel pool since it was really too cold, especially with a outside temperature of 40 degrees Celcius. I am sure in the Al Manzil Club it is at least 5 degrees Celcius hotter. I wish we discovered that before since the hotel is not really actively promoting the Club.2) I recommend to use the official taxis. A clerk outside the hotel is often promoting the Al Manzil Taxis but they are generally speaken more expensive. If you still use it negotiate a price before you leave and don't accept the first offer.Some &quot;constructive&quot; comments to the hotel owners or points that could help other guests :1) We were a little bit surprised that our hotel room was visited at least 5 times a day by different staff members. This was a little inconvenient as we were often our room to change clothes, refresh a little bit or prepare a trip. There are separate persons for cleaning the rooms, refilling the minibar, changing the cookies &amp; chocolates, checking once more if the room is OK... At some point I was a little bit irritated by the constant knocking on the door. (especially on a day where we rested a little bit in the room due to illness) It's an excellent service at the Al Manzil but don't go too far. Apart from a cleaning period I don't think it is strictly necessary that different staff members stop by during the day for very limited tasks that could take place during the cleaning. It would be better to group the responsabilities.2) In our room (617) there was a already a lot of light starting of 5 AM. Blinding the windows is not really excellent in this room. There is also a big hole under the door which gives a lot of light an noise from other guests. The construction works outside were also bothering us until 0.00 AM on a certain day. I don't think that these works should be taking place during night.	
Oct 4 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and Staff	I only had 2 nights at this hotel and from the moment I arrived until I took the limo back to the airport I enjoyed every minute. Really nice quiet location in the old town just across the street from the Souk Bahar and 5 minutes walk from the Dubai Mall. Probably not for those wishing a beach holiday but just to relax and be made to feel special it is perfect.	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfect stay at Al Manzil	Al Manzil has a great location across the street from the Dubai Mall. It will be an even better location once the Burj Dubai is complete. We found their service to be outstanding with EVERY staff member being very helpful and friendly. We stayed during Ramadan (low season) so the price was a steal. My only complaint is that the breakfast buffet was very expensive (almost $30/pp for breakfast) so we did not dine at the hotel apart from minimal room service. They have a beautiful pool and two gyms.High speed internet was free of charge, plug-in at a desk in the room as well as wireless in the lobby.	
Sep 28 2009 	Fab start to Honeymoon	we picked this hotel for location, only 5 minute walk for Dubai Mall, not only is the location perfect, but everything about this hotel was perfect. Even though we stayed during Ramadan, the staff were so understanding, and went out of their way to make sure we had a wonderful stay. If ever in Dubai again we would not stay anywhere else...dont worry about bath tub in middle of room, not an issue for couples.. Top Class......	
Sep 27 2009 	Great hotel excellent service fab location!	We stayed at the Al Manzil as friends lived nearby and recommended it - we were a little wary of the seemingly cheap price, but the hotel was fantastic. From the moment we arrived the staff couldn't do enough for us and our little 5mo daughter (who they doted over!). The room itself was lovely and rather spacious (particularly given we were on our way to Europe and all rooms there are so tiny!) and breakfast was delicious. The proximity to the major shopping malls was excellent, and also to the souk across the road where there are many restaurants etc (although it was Ramadan while we were there so we were unfortunately limited in our choices of dining, but not to worry).Can't recommend this hotel highly enough - we really enjoyed our stay!	
Sep 26 2009 	Lovely hotel - is it really only 4-star? Definitely will stay again.	I really liked this hotel, and would definitely stay here again. It met / exceeded all expectations and we had a very relaxing stay. I especially enjoyed the breakfast and clean modern decor and overall ambience. Staff was friendly and helpful.ServiceGood friendly and efficient service from front desk staff through to restaurant staff and concierge. Welcome letter was very handy explaining ramadan opening hours and including the shuttle schedule. RoomRoom was lovely and spacious (partly helped by the lack of bathroom wall) and well-equipped. Enjoyed the complimentary water and cookies to go with our cuppa. Comfortable king-sized bed with the crispest, coolest white sheets and comfy pillows which were so nice to come home to. Decor was modern arabic (I think) and was lovely. Free broadband in the room was very handy. Lots of storage space in the wardrobe too.I had requested a quiet room on the booking form, and we did get a nice quiet room on 5th floor overlooking some apartments and a little bit of construction (not that we ever heard it). Room was always meticulously cleaned. Not sure what the turn-down service offered as we always seemed to be in the room when they came knocking and generally feeling too lazy to get up. But the housekeeping staff were always very attentive and happy to make sure we didn't lack for anything.BathroomI loved the idea of the open bathroom as it adds a lot of space but this could be awkward for shy couples or non-couples. Not a lot of privacy, as although the shower and toilet cubicles were enclosed in frosted glass you can still see silhouettes. Sink area had lots of space to layout toiletries as well.Restaurant / BreakfastBreakfast was included in our room rate and I was glad I had chosen this - we visited during Ramadan so this was about our only opportunity to eat something before sunset (although room service was still available). I would select the breakfast option again anyway - it was great, from freshly-baked pastries (you can see the croissants baking) to continental fruits, cereals, cold cuts, lebanese dips, through to the hot selection - including congee and noodles, baked beans tomatoes etc and the egg-bar. I particularly liked the omelettes that the egg-chef made. No real bacon (but wasn't expecting it) but there was enough other food to fill up with. Breakfast was supposed to finish at 10:30 but i saw plenty of people come in after that time and there never appeared to be any attempt to reduce service after that time - great! This was our first time in Dubai but I have to say the breakfast selection compares with other 5-star hotels I have stayed in around the world.We also enjoyed the iftar buffet one night - lots of food, but the ouzi and some of the arabic desserts were particularly enjoyable. Not sure if it was our tourist/foreigner status or we were just too late (8pm) but we had trouble getting into the iftar buffet across the road at The Address and Wafi Gourmet. Price was 145 AED all inclusive of drinks and taxes.Probably the restaurant staff were the staff we had the most contact with - they were always super friendly, efficient (your finished plate would be gone without you noticing).We didn't try the sportsbar or the cafe. HotelDecor was lovely and I liked the 'boutiqueness' of the hotel - we did wander through the two 5-star hotels across the road - got lost in the Old Palace (although lovely grounds - one would get quite fit just walking to breakfast, I'd imagine) and the Address just looked like another huge luxury hotel. This hotel is small in comparison but very nice.The courtyard did always seem busy in the evening (Ramadan-induced?) but it was never bothersome and made for a nice atmosphere. Not sure where the hotel souk was as it wasn't obvious.Hotel is classed as a business hotel but it's fine for leisure as well. LocationLocation was great for us - i had selected the hotel for its proximity to the Dubai Mall as I was expecting Dubai to be hot (which it was) and expensive (which it partly was) so my thinking was the mall would provide some cheaper food options (which it did). The big issue we had was lack of pedestrian access to the mall and the hotels across the road via airconditioned shortcuts - footpaths were great but once you got to where you were going it was pretty hard to find the entrance unless you went via the carpark. But I guess those places were designed for driving to rather than walking. And the heat just made everything feel like it was taking twice as long. We used the hotel shuttle service once to go to a mall - note that the shuttle only goes a couple of times to most destinations - once to drop off and a return to pick up, so plan your day accordingly. Wouldn't recommend the Ibn Battuta Mall as it looks old and tired compared to the Dubai Mall across the road - and it takes about 40 mins to get there. Would be good if the shuttle service went down near the creek area.PoolUsed the pool a couple of times - it's on the small size but fine for laps and cooling off. Note that the pool was cooled when we visited - making it quite a lot cooler than expected at night, but very refreshing during the day. Pool area well maintained with very helpful lifeguard, and plenty of loungers and umbrellas. Didn't use fitness facilities.Reason for choosing this hotelChose this hotel for location to Mall, and other trip advisor comments, and price. Was the cheapest (by far) of the top 6 hotels in Dubai (at the time I booked it was #6), but I would definitely say very good value for money - couldn't fault a thing. Being my first trip to Dubai I don't have a lot to compare it too - but it would definitely be on par if not better, than 5-star hotels in Singapore and NZ that I've stayed at. Didn't want to come home!	
Sep 17 2009 	i could not fault one aspect of this hotel	i'm very rarely moved to review a hotel, but had to pay kudos to the al manzil for an outstanding hotel experience. even though the property is listed as four-star, it was five-star all the way - and we got such a good value package. special note for the breakfast buffet, which was the best i've ever enjoyed. rooms were impeccable, ambiance chic and service A1. if you're every visiting dubai, make sure you consider al manzil hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	We found this to be an outstanding hotel in every way. So impressed with the staff, the facilities, our room, the food, the handy location. When we went on the sand dunes trip at night our driver told us this hotel was superior to many of the 5 star hotels in Dubai and that seemed to be true when we spoke to fellow tourists staying elsewhere about their hotels. The attention to detail was excellent, e.g. staff recognising us at breakfast and using our names; giving us a bag with towels and bottles of water to take to the beach [not recommended at this time of the year but we had to check it out!]. We just picked this hotel out of dozens in the tour book and really had no idea of the various areas in the city. It turned out to be an inspired choice!	
Aug 25 2009 	nice hotel nice area would i stay here again ? no	we stayed at this hotel for four nights area and hotel looks lovely and new. However you have to go further a field to see the real dubai .Had to wait over an hour to be checked in which was a poor start. However room looked nice but unfornately for us we had a room on the lower floor which is NOT good as every night we heard construction so if you can a room above 5th floor is ideal hotel fully booked so was not moved.Seemed more business travellers used this hotel. As a leisure trip i would not recommend this hotel as there is not much to do around except malls. a country sush as dubai with excellent weather the aim is to be outside catch a tan , see the country and experince the culture,cant go anywere without a taxis so budjet for travel costs we spent about £30 a day . dubai is lovely some areas abit pricey but overall the construction around dubai becomes a eye sore	
Aug 22 2009	Amazing Hospitality	I stayed here with my mother when we went on a 3 day shopping trip to Dubai. Emirates holidays arranged our trip and I have to say that it was the best value for money and the best service I have experienced for a long time. We were picked up in a plush car from terminal 3 and were greeted at the door by the politest most charming porter who took our luggage and took us to reception. The receptionists were absolutley charming and check in was very efficient. Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the pool and it was more than we could have expected. Two good sized extremely comfortable beds, with great pillows, fabulous shower and an interesting feature of a glass encased bath in the middle of the room, mum's seen it all before so I did not mind!I highly recommend this hotel for its personal touches, location and staff, all of which I would have working for me any time :)	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent	My first time to stay in OLD TOWN. Execllent location- very near the Dubai Mall. Easy access to city &amp; marina. Very good service, rooms- free parking.Would stay there again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great quality hotel in perfect location	This was actually my second stay at this hotel this year. We liked it so much the first time that we booked again for our next exhibition in Dubai. This is a really good quality hotel (I think it is officially rated as a 4 star) a walk away from the Dubai Mall (a ten minute walk to be exact). Wired Internet is free (a total plus). You can usually get good deals online when booking. Breakfast is great, room service is decent, the rooms are clean and well maintained. However, the second time around something peculiar dawned on me, namely the whole room setup; the bathroom is open onto the bedroom area. At first it seemed smart and gave the whole room a spacious feel. But I was just annoyed on my second stay; I would have rather had a private regular bathroom with a door that can be closed. Just something to watch out for if you don't like this kind of design. Otherwise, recommended.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect Stopover on the way to the UK	We travelled to the UK via Dubai with our 11 month old and wanted a good hotel for a one night stay. Al Manzil ticks all the boxes. Pick up from the airport was on time and the driver very polite. The hotel is an easy 20 minute journey away. The hotel itself was excellent.. We arrived at 7a.m on the outward leg and the return leg. On both occasions we were given our room immediately even though check in wasn't until much later in the day. That was a godsend with a jetlagged baby. The restaurant and cafe are excellent and there is a very busy bar tucked away at the back of the hotel. There is also a very good supermarket on the premises. The staff made the difference though. Nothing was a problem. They were happy to heat up all our baby meals in the microwaves, they provided toys and even took my son for a walk around the restaurant to keep him entertained whilst we had breakfast.. The rooms are small but clean and plush with excellent showers and beds. It was the perfect place to get rid of a bit of jetlag and prepare for the next leg of the journey.....and we got a very good rate off dubaishortstay.com	
Aug 17 2009 	Quality service for a very good price	Great hotel, looks much better than on the photos. It's a very nice sensation to have receptionists, waiters and room cleaning maids addressing you by name when you have never even introduced yourself. Also one of the best breakfast buffets I've seen in a hotel.I rate this hotel as excellent considering that the price was only 80 euros per night. I like trying different places but will definitely try to return here at some point.	
Aug 3 2009 	Not bad...	Hotel is quiet, room was not bad. Bed was cozy.Private dining provides 24 hrs fast service.	
Jul 30 2009 	Best value for money	Great place to stay: excellent service, staff polite and skilled, rooms big, clean and very well equipped, three very good restaurants and pubs that are one of the focal point of the &quot;movida&quot; in Dubai, very near to the Dubai Mall, prices totally aceptable.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent value for money	We, a couple, stayed at the Al Manzil hotel for two nights in July. The staff were pleasant and helpful, the room well presented and the facilities good. No hesitation in recommending it - all for less than AED 500 per night. Top value in Dubai.	
Jul 17 2009 	Nice hotel in nice shopping location....	nice and clean hotel with clean and modern rooms. the pool is small but its a really nice and quiet in the pool area	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel	everything about this hotel is great the location is excellent next to 2 malls and the tallest tower in the world. the staff are very friendly , the rooms are very clean everything is like brand new, the rooms are well designed and equipped,there several coffee shop at the hotel territory including Starbucks, a supermarket ,several shops, 2 swimming pool and free internet in the room ..... i hope i didn't forget anything.	
Jul 10 2009 	Best business hotel in Dubai	I've stayed at Al Manzil a couple of times over the last two-three years since it opened, and I have never been dissappointed. John de Canha and his team run a world-class operation here and the mix for a business traveller is perfect: quick and easy check-in at 03:30 AM, comfortable, well designed and equipped rooms, free internet in the rooms, good room service, great pub, a surprisingly good breakfast (the dreaded buffet), great well-trained staff and a convenient location. Don't bother spending extra money staying at &quot;smarter&quot; hotels nearby - stay at Al Manzil or the sister property (Qamardeen) - I will.	
Jul 7 2009 	Fantastic hotel for the right price	We decided to book the Al Manzil after reading other reviews on tripadvisor - and I'm so happy we did! This is a great hotel with lovely rooms and very attentive staff. The staff really deserve a speical mention and were a pleasure to deal with throughout our stay.As many others have noted; the bath tub is in the middle of the room! So probably not the best if you are travelling with parents etc. but great if you're away with your partner... we really liked the layout of the room ourselves.If you're looking for some middle-ground in Dubai then this is the place to stay. You will have a special experience at the Al Manzil without breaking the bank! I will certainly be staying here again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Clean comfortable modern interesting rooms and good location.	A very good 4-star hotel, meaning that I didn't pay for the stuff I didn't need that a true 5-star would offer. I got a good rate through lastminute.com (USD 133 for bed and breakfast).The hotel - bedrooms and public areas - are all clean, well-maintained (I think the hotel is about two years old) and with comfortable furnishings.Sure, the bedroom lay-out is a bit unusual and, yes, it might be a bit uncomfortable if two friends are sharing a room and one wants to take a bath while the other is sat on the bed watching TV - or watching her/his friend taking a bath through the sheet glass! The shower cubicle and the toilet are both fully surrounded in well frosted glass so privacy should not be an issue there.As others have noted, the breakfast buffet is pretty impressive in its variety and quality. That said, I did have a problem with a confused chef from whom I had requested two poached eggs. He seemed bemused that the eggs broke apart and would not cook, even when I pointed out that his water was barely hot, let alone simmering! He also had no clue how to prepare an omelette. Thankfully, the restaurant manager handled the issue well and the eggs appeared ten minutes later from behind the scenes.The pool is big enough but not spectacular. I used it once, early evening, with only two other guests.Finally a word on location. Dubai is a widely spread out city. As a tourist, no one hotel is going to be very close to any more than a handful of the sites you will want to visit. You need a car to get around or, as I did, to make use of the excellent, cheap, clean, modern, metered taxis. All that said, the hotel is just across the road from the vast shopping, restaurant, lakeside, hotel and office development centred on the very-nearly-completed Burj Dubai tower (don't miss the free evening light/sound/music shows on the water) and attached Dubai Mall. I cannot think of any better location to be, unless you really want the full beach-resort set-up.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fantastic hotel great value	We had 24 hours in Dubai breaking up our trip home to Australia from Paris, and booked the Al Manzil based on the reviews on trip advisor. Our standard room was just beautiful and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in. The pool area was also nice for a morning swim. We arrived at about 10:30pm and were greeted by very helpful staff and a welcome drink at reception. We asked about the restaurants and decided on the courtyard then headed upstairs to freshen up, having been told it was open until 2am. When we came down about 11pm we were then told there was at least a 30min wait for a table, and guests were not being given any priority. Apparently they are very popular with locals and expats. We waited as we really wanted to be outside for some fresh air after being on a plane all day (no interest in room service) but were a bit surprised that we weren't told there would be a wait when we checked in. If we were warned we could have put our name down before freshening up and it would have made the evening much more pleasant. By the time we had got our table and had dinner we were exhaused and slept well in the fantastic bed. The room service breakfast was great and promptly at the time chosen. It was a bit of shopping and sightseeing the next day then back to the airport and home. We would love to come back and would happily stay at the Al Manzil again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Definately coming back	I only had a one night stay at the Al Manzil but would definately go back.The room was fine though unless you kept the blind down was overlooked by apartments opposite. It was comfortable and clean and having the tea/coffee making facilities was great.Though I didn't use it, the pool - though small looked nice (and clean) and there was also the opportunity to use one at a club nearby. There is a bar downstairs - and a courtyard which fills up quickly.The staff, though, are what made my short break - they were professional yet so friendly I felt a lot more than 'just another guest'. Thanks guys!!Location wise - it is right opposite Souk Al Bahar (a 'traditional UAE souk) and a short walk to The Dubai Mall. If you dont want to walk they'll drive you round or you can get the free shuttle bus offered by the Mall itself.If you're a smoker, you should be aware that the inside of the building is non-smoking - though think there might be smoking bedrooms available. It does mean that you can't smoke in the bar and have to go outside. One more word of advice - don't keep your room card next to your mobile, I had to get mine changed which wasn't a hassle I wanted after an frantic afternoon shopping.	
Jun 5 2009 	Amazing the standard rooms have a bath is in the middle of the room!	Great value for money! There is a wicked courtgard in the center of the buliding, if you're staying over the weekend you need to book as gets very busy with the local's! The area is very safe, they biggest shopping mall in the world is just over the road about 5 mins walk and also the water fountains which run for 15 mins every 30mins until 12 mid night! The standard rooms are amazing, you have everything you would ever need and more. The rooms are designed very well and the space used to its best, you have a bath in the middle of the room, separate shower room and a massive bed with the most amazing pillows that you're head sinks into it!	
May 25 2009	Delightful!!!	I have stayed in the hotel at May and I really enjoyed it. The word &quot;professional&quot; can be translated in the name of this property. From where do I have to start? Excelent welcome on the reception. Staff ready to take care of the luggage even before your exit from the taxi. Complimentary drink and hot towels on the arrival. Perfect room, very clean. The whole building is lovely designed and decorated. Breathaking views of the tallest building of the world out of your room window. Lovely breakfast with everything you could wish. Vey beautifull pool area. Property of the hotel is a small shopping centre with a great gallery of quality souvenirs called Al Jader. Very nice cafe next to smoke sisha with different kinds of taste (we call it nargile in Greece).Just few steps from the Dubai mall, and really near to the importants sites of Dubai.Taxis are really cheap in Dubai and you can easily go everywhere with very few moneyand exeptional service.Only con is the glass bathrooms, so for the persons they want to keep their privacy in the bathroom or toilet from the other person in the room need to know that the walls of the bath, shower and toilet in the room is glass..so you can easily been seen inside. However If you are traveling with your parthner, is more a con than pron.Al Manzil can easily teach many hotels around the world. With arabic style and high modern amentities, with style, quality and professionalism Al Manzil it really worths a stay.I will be back for sure in a next trip to Dubai.	
May 25 2009 	Brilliant	I stopped in Dubai for a few days travelling from Europe to Australia and stayed here based on trip advisor reviews. I was not let down. It is great value relative to other accommodation in Dubai and would easily rate 5 star in Australia or anywhere else. The staff go above and beyond to serve you. I arived from my flight at 6.30am and, despite check in not being until 2pm, was provided with a room immediately (without further charge). Further, my check out was extended to suit my travel without further charge. The rooms are clean, modern, well equipped, and spacious. The staff will do absolutely anything to assist you and make your stay more enjoyable. Location wise, the hotel is great. It is relatively close to most places a tourist will want to go (which is difficult in a city as spread out as Dubai) and there are always taxis waiting at the door.	
May 20 2009 	Like at home	I have stayed on and off for a few month in Al Manzil and felt like at home! In a city where the hype is for more stars, more money etc. this is the place to be:-). Modern &amp; Arabic design, excellent service, reasonable prices and good location, though as almost everything in Dubai in the middle of a constriction site. I can highly recommend this place, especially if you are looking more for a small boutique hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Nice arabesque hotel	This is a nice hotel with arabesque interiors. We loved the beautiful open bathroom design, although it may me awkward for friends or family sharing a room. The toiletries are of very good quality and are wonderfully scented. The only con is the in-room dining which we tried once; the food was cold and almost tasteless.	
May 8 2009 	The Place to Stay in Dubai	I stayed at the Al Manzil when attending a Trade Show in Dubai - after long and extremely tiring days it was a pleasure to return to the hotel - it really felt like a 'home from home'. The staff were welcoming and my room comfortable. Free Wi-fi meant I could catch up on emails whilst enjoying a drink and resting after a day of rushing around and the hotel's central location meant I never had to travel too far to get to an appointment. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone travelling on business it offers the best of everything you need - connectivity, great food, fantastic service - most importantly they made everything easy so I could focus on the busy day ahead,	
May 5 2009 	Way beyond all our expectations	All the staff at this hotel go out of their way to be helpful, have all the information at their fingertips and are incredibly warm and friendly- when my parents asked for directions to a pharmacy, the staff initially offered to go and get us what we needed but as we needed to browse they actually escorted us to the pharmacy and back rather than just give us directions. The location, in the centre of Old Town is also excellent as you can walk everywhere and there is also a regular shuttle service to the malls, beach etc. There is also a small mall attached to the hotel for when the weather gets too hot- useful having a supermarket/coffee shops etc so close. The breakfast is served till late and is a lavish spread. The beautiful courtyard is a real Dubai hotspot with people clamouring for tables to smoke shisha and have drinks till late at night.The rooms are very modern and spacious, with free internet access-(or else you can use the well equipped business centre) although admittedly, the large bath with glass walls which is part of the design of the room might prove slightly disconcerting. There is however a seperate, sealed off shower and loo. I would definitely recommend this hotel- good value, good service and a great location. I cannot imagine why it has a 4 star rating (perhaps because there is no spa? But you can use the Palace's spa nearby); definitely 5 star all round.	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect Hotel to stay inn!	Me and my wife stayed in Al-Manzi hotel for a week. And loved everything from the lobby staff to room service. Its build quality is very nice and so is the pool. Dubai Mall and Burj-Dubai are across the road and within walking distance. A bit on the expensive side but worth a chance.	
Apr 16 2009 	Really liked the Al Manzil	We stayed for three nights after spending a week at the beach in the Al Qasr (see separate review). We were a little worried before arriving that the Al Manzil would feel disappointing after the wonderful service and facilities at the Al Qasr but this was all quickly forgotten. The staff were a real delight and very friendly, I thought the breakfast was great, high quality with a wide choice and good smoothies and juices made to order.The Courtyard was very lively of an evening and seemed to be a haven for local Old Town residents. The bed was very comfortable, okay the open plan bathroom might not suit everyone but for us it was fine. Room was very quiet with no noise from neighbouring rooms etc. Free internet access from four terminals in the business centre and complimentary wifi in the rooms. I also loved the location and if your wondering whether to stay here or at the Qamardeen I thought the location of the Al Manzil was much better, closer to the Dubai Mall, Souk Al Bahar (Hive bar was great) and The Address (do visit the bar on the 64th Floor!).I would definately return.	
Apr 14 2009 	Ideal location and incredibly friendly service a lovely hotel	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Al manzil. The staff were fantastic, always ready to open a door, or ask you how your day was. The hotel really refelected the culture of the Emirates as well, which I was pleased about as I hate visiting standard boring chain hotels. The Oldtown/Burj district where the hotel is based is so nice to wander around, you can chill in a cafe, grab a bite to eat, pop to the mall, saunter around a souk. It's been designed brilliantly with the water and the walkways. We also took a trip to the Dubai Marina and Jumeirah areas, and didn't like it - too much construction and noise, we much preferred where we were staying. The food at the Al Manzil was great and the service was spot on - small things like the waiter remembering where we sat in the restaurant the night before, make a difference. I would absolutely recommend this hotel, and will be going back.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great hotel - depends of cource on what you want in Dubai!!!	I booked this through booking.com who had a great offer at USD 130,00 + taxes. Really good value, and when I tried to book i a week afterwards again price was USD 230,00 !!!Had a standard room - was quite large and new and great looks. Has a bathtub with glasswalls around it inside the room - and seperate shower and toilet, Pool area nice and it's just a quick walk to Dubai Mall and the old city of Dubai. Dubai Mall is the biggest mall in Dubai at the moment. At USD 130,00 - breakfast not included. There is free transportation to several malls and locations and pickup at specific hrs. Might be a little away from the biz area or the marina, but taxi is cheap and easy and most knows the hotel.	
Apr 5 2009 	Perfect location perfect serice 	We stayed at the Al Manzil Dubai for 9 days at the end of March, and it was a great stay. We arrived at Dubai International Airport terminal 3 and was promplty met by Al Manzil staff to take us to there car to be taken to the hotel, soon as we were greeted I knew the service was going to be good. We did not have to do anything nor carry anything as they did this for us, and sat us in there lovely air conditioned 4WD.Upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted with smiles everywhere, check-in was very good and fast, they presented us with drinks and towels and directed us to our room, where the staff brought our bags straight up to the room. We were lucky enough to get a nice room located on level 4 looking at the Palace Hotel and the Burj Dubai Tower.Room was very clean and modern, with bottled water and chocolates supplied everyday. Some people may find the room setup a little strange with the bath in the centre of the room, and no where really to get changed without being seen if your travelling with a freind but its managable.The location was perfect only a 5 minute walk to Dubai Mall which is nearly complete with plenty of shops and eateries, the Aquarium is a definite must do! it will cost AED 50 dirhams per person for the whole experience.Breakfast is good at the hotel with pretty much everything you want they got, or if they dont they will make, buffet dinner is very good too they didnt have any steamed rice to go with a curry but someone over heard me say to my girlfreind they dont have any rice, and then this gentleman told the chef to please get some rice for me which he did straight away, so thankyou to who ever that man was.The coffee shop is good, however im still not convinced that they can make a good cappacino but they are getting better. We also ate at the Nessaaussie bar/restuarant this was a great place and the meals fantastic! a pint of beer will cost you around AED 30 dirhams which with the exchange rate at the moment a little pricey, but hey! your on holidays!In the eveining you can sit in the courtyard and smoke shisha and have a drink or a meal, this was pleasent and very busy in the eveinings. The hotel is connected to the souk which has a variety of shops and a supermarket which is good for the little things like soft drinks etc if you dont want to pay the AED 14 dirhams for a can of coke, go to Spinneys and get a 6 pack for half the price.Across the road is the Palace Hotel where they have another souk connected to it, with lots of shops and restuarants and cafes, this also connects you o the Dubai Mall, no need for a taxi if you enjoy the walking around.Swimming pool is nice, however i did not go in the location is good with a bar outside and plenty of deck chairs. In some of the other reviews they have said there is allot of construction going on, yes this is the case but you will not even notice it, trust me!This hotel is rated 4 star, i have to say they need to rethink this as its 5 star all the way, I usually stay at they Hyatt in Dubai or the Jumeriah Beach Hotel which are all 5 star, but the service is the same if not better than the above mentioned. I guess you pay for beach location but the Al Manzil is located 100 times better than other hotels its central and a happening place, to go anywhere in dubai with a taxi will cost you no more than AED 40 dirhams, if you was at either of the other hotels it would cost a lot more to get around.Overall a excellent hotel, excellent staff, excellent room. Do not hesitate to stay here you will not be dissapointed!ErolMelbourne Australia	
Apr 4 2009 	Would definitely come back..	Excellent value hotel in a nice area in Dubai. Great service and seemed cheerier than at other hotels we checked out. Lovely courtyard for outdoor eating and great food in hotel and nearby at the Dubai Mall. Rooms very clean. Pool area relaxing, bit tricky to get sun lounger later in the afternoon though. If you stay here go up to 63rd floor of the Avenue Hotel nearby for a drink and fab view. I have not actually stayed in another hotel in Dubai so difficult to compare this hotel but if you are looking for a good location albeit not at the beach, a hotel that is a ne size and not too large, a variety of eating options in hotel and within a short walk, clean modern rooms, good value and friendly staff then you cannot go wrong here. This area is one for the future as the tower and Dubai Mall and park are completed.	
Apr 3 2009 	Lovely Boutique Hotel	Was really pleased with our choice of hotel.Lovely fit out throughout. Great room, with everything you could possibly need - apart from an iron which housekeeping will gladly provide. We were on the 3rd floor and had a view of the pool.Breakfast had a great choice. The smoothies were to die for.Pool loungers go fast as the pool area isn't huge. You can always try the sister hotel next door if it's busy.There is a small mall attached to the hotel which has a little Spinneys supermarket for snacks and drinks. Hotel is walking distance to the Souk al Bahar, The Address, The Palace and you can't miss the Dubai Mall !Ate at the Nezesaussie sports bar at the hotel which had good food and a great atmosphere.Customer service at the Al Manzil is miles apart from anywhere else we've ever been. Excellent.I just hope the prices remain reasonable then we can return.	
Mar 31 2009 	4* hotel but 5* quality ~ a total gem in the old town	Just returned from a 7 night stay at this fabulous central hotel. We selected it on price for an early break and we were not disappointed.The rooms are really cleverly designed and made to feel spacious, the open bathroom wasn't such an issue for us being a married couple, however if you like a bit of privacy then this may not suit you. The shower and toilet are enclosed, but still not very private.Breakfast was relaxing and very substantial, the staff are very pleasant, friendly yet professional. Concierege and desk staff are a credit to the hotel (as indeed are all staff including housekeeping). We used room service a couple of evenings and the meals were really good and very reasonably priced. We celebrated birthdays whilst there and they hotel sent a delicous cake when they saw the birthday cards on display, which we thought was a lovely touch as we did not tell the hotel, about our birthdays.The sports bar does lovely meals and drinks. Prices are a bit steeper than we are used to but this is Dubai and the current exchange rate means we are paying more that we used to.The pool is not huge but considering it is a city hotel then it is adequate, the loungers are very nice, however there are not many, and whilst other reviewers have said that they never had a problem getting one, that was not the case when we visited. The gym is just beside the pool (door next to the toilets )and they have a water dispenser in there, the staff didn't seem to mind everyone helping themselves to much needed top of water bottles.We used the business centre a couple of days, one to find out a place we wanted to visit and another to check in on line for the flight home. The internet use is free of charge.Sadly the weather was a bit iffy when we stayed, and we had quite severe rain a couple of days, and even huge hailstones one night, but this didn't spoil the holiday, we just had to hit the shops and spend more money. The Dubai Mall is a sight to see, and not completely full of shops yet, but the aquariam is fabulous. It is walking distance. The tallest building the Burj Dubai is breathtaking and photos cannot do it justice. We would definately go back to Al Manzil, and probably will sometime in the future	
Mar 24 2009 	A little piece of luxury in a perfect location	Just got back from two nights at the Al Manzil where I stayed with my wife during a weekend escape from the chaos of Karachi. From the warm welcome Mohammed gave us to the upgraded room from Ritu we felt looked after from the moment we arrived. The room was lovely with a view over the pool and despite the building going on around (and where in Dubai is that not happening) it was quiet and relaxed. Apart from the hotel, the biggest attraction was its proximity to the new Dubai Mall and the Old Town. We were able to amble through the Old Town complex and had a fantastic array of restaurants to choose from, all without jumping in a taxi. If you're coming from Abu Dhabi its also close to the transfer bus stop that Etihad use. Great value, great staff, great stay and GREAT Bathrooms!	
Mar 24 2009 	pefect holiday hotel ..	I very much like this hotel. The location is very posh.. Burj tower is very close to it. We had a room with view of Burj tower. The rooms are clean and housekeeping is done very well. The staff is wonderful .. Always helping and smiling. That makes the place more pleasant. The breakfast was very good. It was healthy with lots of options. The quality of food is very good. I like the open plan bath. May be not suitable for family living in one room. I did not carry my laptop but I can do internet from business area at hotel. Finding taxis was very easy. They are always at the hotel. We booked the dessert safari from hotel. The staff was helpful. We had airport pickup. It cost £20. Our flight was late still the guy was waiting for us on airport. Dubai mall is walking distance. We went to Atlantis Lost Chambers. It cost AED 100 p.p. Atlantis is open for anybody. So if u do not want to spend money just visit it. You will see the aquarium window from public viewing place. Dubai is lovely place to visit specially Dessert Safari.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel Perfect Week Away in Dubai	The Al Manzil hotel is a perfect hotel for business or pleasure.Location is central in Dubai- have a look at a map before you leave- however would have been nicer to be closer to the beach but the free shuttle bus service will take you there and many other loactions in Dubai regularly throughout the day - usually from 9am -5pm which is perfectJumeriah Beach Park is great for a day out and is 4 dhs (just under £1) for entry, and is a beautiful, palm tree lined, white sandy beach - not necessarily busy on weekends - food and toilets on siteHotel is very close to the Dubai Mall and Burj Dubai - both great and definately worth a visit - lots of nice places to eat - try the California Pizza Kitchen (lakeside) around 5-6pm and watch the sunsetHotel pool is large for a 'rooftop' style pool and poolside is never busy, always easy to find comfy sunloungers and umbrellas, kept clean at all times and is really relaxing - no traffic noise whatsoever which is rare in DubaiStaff are really friendly and helpful, extremely courteous and are great if you need any advice during your stayRooms are immaculate, shame some people dont like the layout- however i could see this being a problem if you were travelling with a friend or colleagueRoom service food is really nice - worth it after a long flight - try the Al Manzil burgersFood in the hotel is overall ideal, lots of choice at breakfast and staff will make wonderful juices, smoothies, waffles, pancakes and omlettesIn the evening the courtyard can get quite busy as it is quite a hot spot in the area for locals - shisha is free of charge and the overall atmosphere throughout the hotel is calm and relaxed. However there is the sports bar which is a bit more lively and also serves food and drink however the drinks are a bit more expensive (£2.80 for one bottle of water) - expensive especially considering 2 bottles are left in your room each morning free of chargeTaxis and hotel cars are readily available and are reasonable compared to UK fares - approx £15 to the Palm Atlantis which is probably the furthest you will goAny further questions dont hesitate to ask! We really did have a great stay here and would recommend it highly for both business and pleasure - Al Manzil is in a great location and I honestly couldnt think of a better place to stay in Dubai - it has it all and the prices are the lowest they will ever be because once the Dubai mall is complete along with the Burj Dubai, hotel prices will definately soar! Get it while its really good value for money and enjoy your stay!!	
Mar 23 2009 	Very relaxing stay; Absolutely No Complaints	Friendly welcoming staff; in-room safe large enough for a 15&quot; laptop; complimentary broadband in room, good peaceful ambiance and atmosphere; an established hotel - no problems getting a meter taxi to or from the hotel which is important since in Dubai nobody walks anywhere. I chose this hotel on the basis of trip advisor reviews. I was not disappointed. Booked through Asia Rooms for good rate. Excellent stay.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great hotel in great location! (but i didn't like the bath!)	We stayed here for three days last february. The hotel is located in Burj Dubai, also called“The Old Town” , that despite the name is a new area; nearby there are many restaurants, shops, a souk (called Souk al Bahar), an artificial lagoon, the tallest building in the world (the Burj Dubai - still under construction) and the new Dubai Mall (in February most shops were closed, inside there is also a nice acquarium) . I really like this area because you can exit from the hotel and take a walk, the architecture of the area was also nice .The Creek and the old Souk, Madinat/ Burj Al Arab and Palm Jumeirah are all far away, about 15/20 minutes by car, but we have never had problems with the taxi.The room(standard king) was clean, well equipped and well decorated with Arabic touch, there was a desk with complimentary high speed internet access , the bed was comfortable, nice skyline view out of the windows. The “original” bath (sink , tub and shower ) was in the centre of the room surrounded by clear glass walls and in the middle there was the flat screen TV.Another shower and the toilet were in two cubicles separated by an opaque frosted glass wall.I didn’t like that “layout”, I like to have more privacy…The breakfast was excellent, with a lot of choice, the food was good and well presented; we ate once at “Contemporary” restaurant and food were delicious.The Staff were very friendly and attentive.The hotel has a lovely pool area with umbrellas and comfortable loungers, and a very nice courtyard.We spent a wonderful and relaxing time at the pool, I think water was temperature controlled.In conclusion, we had a great stay!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Hotel and Fantastic Locaton	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and thought it was fantastic value for money given the sky high room rates in Dubai. The hotel is clean and very confortable, I'm really picky about beds and I've had the best nights sleep I've had in ages. The hotel is located within 5 mins walk of the Dubai Mall and the Burj Dubai which will be an amazing place to visit once completed. The fountains aren't yet operational but are testing at 8pm each day so worth a look. We've come from the Al Qasr which is an amazing hotel and one of my all time favorites, that said the chef at the Al Qasr should pay the Al Mazil a visit on how to lay on a breakfast buffet as it is all fresh, varied and it a credit to the hotel and the chef. My only slight negative is that the rooms have blinds which let in quite a bit of light but apart from that this hotel is a 4*+ hotel!	
Feb 24 2009 	Great value ideal location and very good staff	I was a little skeptical to start with when arrived since I stayed there because I was joining my cousins who were staying there aswell for a family holiday. I was pleasantly surprised that they let me check-in really early (11am) without a fuss and got a glass of fresh juice and wet towels as a welcome drink. Staff were very friendly throught the trip and made the extra effort to organise our day trips. Taxis were always available outside through the day and both the largest mall-Dubai mall and the tallest building-Burj were walking distance from the hotel with plenty of eating options around the hotel. The italian restaurant in the adjoining mall was superb-Manzano, Mango Tree-Thai in the nearby souk was outstanding + plenty of bars nearby to choose from. My personal favourite was the 63rd flr bar at the Hotel Address next door. The bath tub in the room with a revolvoing flat screen tv made it really enjoyable aswell! the pool is mid size and the gym very well equipped with access to the club house next door where we hired rackets to play a game of squash. All in all - highly recommended hotel	
Jan 24 2009 	Service with a smile	I stayed at Al- Manzil for 3 days with my husband and baby son in January, after finding a great 3 nights for the price of 2 deal online. We were made to feel very welcome at check in, which was very fast. As soon as they saw I had a baby, they offered to bring a travel cot to our room for no extra charge. Having the bath in the middle of the room made the room look smaller than it is, but otherwise it was clean, and nicely decorated, there is plenty of cupboard space and drawers, and having a safe was handy too. The rooms are sound proof, I never heard any of the construction going on outside, or anybody in the hallway.Breakfast was amazing. The staff were very attentive, and there was a wide variety of food available. Dubai mall is 5 minutes walk away, (although walking there is not easy with a pram, as there is no pedestrian foot path, so you have to risk walking along the taxi route)I used the shuttle serice which goes to Mall of the emirates, Ibn Battuta, the diamond and gold souk, and a few other places. I cannot fault the staff, they were always extremely pleasant, welcoming and helpful. Overall, a brilliant trip	
Jan 17 2009 	very good service odd bathroom layout	we had good computer service, the hotel was very user friendly, the staff attentive. the location was nice, next to the mall and the tallest building in the world. (its not complete and it won't be done till maybe dec 2009). we had a flat screen t.v. and the closets were nice with house shoes and bathrobes. for the price i would highly recommend this place.	
Jan 15 2009 	OK hotel	An average hotel and reasonable service, but we could have done without having the bath in the bedroom. Even with the air con the humidity made everything damp...and we were there in the dry season! The lighting for makeup application was well off the mark, however this is common in hotels where rooms have been designed by men (practically everyone I ever stay in!). At least there was a mirror in close proximity to the hair drier! And another common problem....not enough coat hangers for 2 people!	
Jan 13 2009 	Cosy Hotel in Good area	Although almost a year later I will review my stay at the Al Manzil now that I have also just recently been to 5 * The Address Hotel which is diagonally opposite. The Al Manzil is part of the South African Southern Sun Hotel Chain and one of 2 in Dubai. ( Qamardeen close by).I stayed here for 3 days late January whilst attending a conference in Dubai .The location of both hotels are superb , just a short walk to the Dubai Mall, Souk Al Bahar and Burj Dubai lake area.Although rated 4 star, the Al Manzil is very pleasant, with lovely rooms, appealing decor and comfort . Being smaller, it may not possess all the opulence of a fully certified 5* hotel but can surpass many as far as service goes. Rooms have an open plan bath area and this was suitable for me as I travelled alone . Some may find this set up not too private but I am sure couples would not mind. There was also a nice work station tucked into an alcove and overlooking the bathtub. Apart from a lovely breakfast, I am unable to comment on the other restaurants in this hotel and adjoining small souk, but I believe they are all good and popular. I had a short stroll into the adjoining shopping arcade which has some nice restaurants and shops.Taxis were easy to come by and the hotel also provided a free shuttle service to the conference venue which I attended .Service was really very good and it was a nice surprise to be greeted by the lobby manageress PUSHPA whom I recognised from the Elangeni Hotel in Durban . It felt like home.Whilst the Address is more luxurious , larger and 5 star, the AlManzil is smaller, less conspicuous ,but excellent value for money . Both hotels , together with the Qamardeen, and The Palace are situated in what will certainly become one of the most popular areas in Dubai for leisure, shopping and staying in the near future. So if u looking for ultimate luxury, try the Address but if you still want a very good hotel at a lesser budget,, then you cannot go wrong with the Al Manzil. I can see myself returning in the future.	
Jan 10 2009 	Al Manzil at Christmas	The Al Manzil was rather nice - 4 star - excellent location for me, right next to the Burj Dubai (tallest building in the world) and the Dubai Mall (biggest in the world) - literally across the road. My pal found it - he's got a nose for a good hotel. We flew overnight and arrived at 8.30 a.m. local time. Hotel car met us at the airport (£20); once in the car we were offered cold towels and soft drinks. It's about 10-15 minutes to the Hotel where there were plenty of staff to open doors etc. First impression on arrival is very good. On entry to the hotel all the reception staff where lined up behind the besuited manager who welcomed us personally with hot towels, drinks and chocolates (and similarly so when we departed). We were allowed to check in that early too - which is a nice change from those hotels that only allow check-in sometime after mid day or so. It's tasteful, quiet, relaxed and spacious; relatively new, everything is just right but not stuffy. Other reviews mentioned noise (source unspecified) but it was all quiet when we were there - although it was the last week in December (if that makes any difference). Most of the local structural building is complete and at the stage of internal fitting out e.g. the nearby Burj Dubai.The 4 lane road (2 in each direction) by the side of the hotel was quiet all week, but I was told it gets very busy at other times (traffic congestion normally in dubai is said to be a real problem). The hotel is part of a mixed use development which includes residential properties, medium sized 'tesco metro' type supermarket (C store for our American friends), coffee shop/bakery, medium sized restaurants etc. Of course, over in the Dubai Mall the choice is much more extensive. The footway surrounding the hotel is clean and extensivley tiled with tiles that would not look out of place in a posh bathroom. Did the 1st floor roof top pool every day and the ground floor bar at night. There are no changing facilities by the pool or gym so you have to wander to and from your room to the pool in your swim wear - its not a problem, the room provides gowns and flip flops should you wish to wear them - otherwise its perfectly acceptable to wander down wearing modest swim shorts (but maybe not speedos (which are way uncool anyway - so I'm told)) and a T shirt. Use of the pool is only allowed when the lifeguard is on duty (7 a.m. to 7 p.m). It's only about 1.5 metres deep so no diving allowed but perfectly adequate for swimming lengths. I dont think its temperature controlled but it was certainly pleasantly warm at 10 in the morning.  Across the street there is a separate Al Manzil Health Club - another open air pool, sauna, steam room etc - again, free for guests (collect a pass from reception). The room was nice; 6th floor, overlooking the front of the Hotel; a reasonable size, very clean and fresh and the beds were nice and comfortable - nice skyline view out of the windows. Other reviews have mentioned the bath; bizzarely, the bath was in the centre of the room surrounded by clear glass walls - its all the rage for some reason and not just in the Al Manzil - a bit surprising for a country that generally requires some modesty. (There's a picture in the gallery on the hotel's web site). Some people like it, others not. The separate shower and loo are both frosted glass. So when one of us wanted a bath the other went and surfed the net in the business centre (free for guests, open 24 hours), went swimming or (in my case) to the hotel's large, laid back sports bar (£6 for a pint of Stella - but then other things like taxis are cheap, so it mostly balances out). Didnt do much else in the hotel - was mostly out seeing the rest of Dubai. It's 15-20 minutes to Jumeira beach by metered taxi - cost about £4 (12/08)	
Jan 8 2009 	Fantastic hotel and great value. Can't recommend it enough.	My partner and I decided to save some money and not splurge on one of the well known 5 star chained hotels. We booked Al Manzil as it looked good in the photos and seemed excellent value for money, and we certainly weren't disappointed. The hotel was far better than a number of 5 star hotels that we have stayed at.Staff were fantastic throughout our stay. All extremely helpful and went out of their way to look after us. One duty manager did us a huge favour. We'd checked out and went on a desert safari but left our bags at the hotel. We'd spent the day in the dunes and rode camels, so weren't feeling too clean and had a long flight ahead of us, and the manager on duty very kindly arranged for us to take a quick shower before our flight, which we really appreciated.Our room totally exceeded expectations. Beautifully decorated, designed and so clean. Loved having the open plan bedroom/bathroom. Separate doored cubicles for shower and toilet, so great if you do want a bit of privacy.Breakfast was delicious and so fresh each morning with a huge array of treats on offer.Only slight issue with the hotel is the location, as it's not very central but we didn't ever have problems with getting taxis. The area around the hotel is a building site (like much of Dubai) but we weren't subjected to any noise and once it's all complete, the area will be far more attractive and won't feel so isolated. A shopping centre was being built over the road, along with a number of other buildings, so I'm sure the area will be great come 2009.It really is a perfect spot to just relax and unwind. Pool and outdoor areas were beautifully kept and we really enjoyed relaxing in those areas.We will definitely return and recommend Al Manzil to anyone we know who's heading to Dubai. Thank you to all the staff for an amazing stay. You really made our trip.	
Jan 7 2009	Simply Pleasant	My husband and I stayed five nights at Al-Manzil.Our bedsheets were changed everyday and the entire atmosphere was great. Every employee we encountered, was nice and extremely helpful.It was such a relaxing place, I always looked forward to being in bed. Oh yeah, the entire room was always clean, from the bathroom, to every corner of the room, just exactly what I wanted.Also, if you love shopping, Al-Manzil is within walking distance of Dubai Mall and the hotel provides a shuttle to other malls in Dubai.I will definitely stay at this hotel again during my next trip.	
Jan 5 2009	Absolutely Loved It	This hotel was just fabulous, from the time we checked in til the time we checked out!! The room was gorgeous..and totally spotless...The staff friendly, the food delicious, the location was great, right across from the new Dubai Mall and other Souks.Loved the Sheesha bar and the pool was so inviting and not crowded..The architecture of the area was so nice and the streets and Palm trees ever sooo nice..Lots of restaurants in the area on the way walking to the mall.After walking through some of the larger hotels in Dubai that were sooo crowded and impersonal, we were so happy to come back to Al Manzil...We are definately going back!! Infact after travelling around India and Jordan...it was the best hotel of the trip and possibly our favorite hotel ever!!I should mention that we had a problem with our bathtub the first night..and they promptly fixed it and also bought us a beautiful bouquet of flowers for the inconvenience and apologized to us continuously!!Anything we wanted, they were at our service in a very friendly manner..	
Jan 5 2009 	Pleasant surprise in Burj Dubai	I stayed at the Al Manzil for one night on short notice because my return flight to the US was delayed. Moving from the 5* Address Hotel next door, I was a bit concerned about downscaling, but very pleasantly surprised with the actual experience.The Al Manzil is a mid-size hotel located in the new Burj Dubai development area, and has been open for two years. It is walking distance to Dubai Mall, the Burj Dubai tower, and across the street from the Palace Hotel and the Souk al Bahar shopping mall.Checking in was very efficient and friendly. I was welcomed with a warm towel and glass of juice, and was provided with brochures of the hotel facilities and Dubai Mall.The rooms seem to come mostly in one size and standard. My room was spacious, well equipped, and featured an “integrated” bathroom, which contributes to the spaciousness. While I liked the openness of the room, some may be concerned about the resulting lack of privacy. The hotel has a smallish pool area, and a very nice courtyard, which is perfect for evening drinks or dinner. There are several restaurants, a coffee shop, and a bar right inside the hotel, and a lot of additional choices in the adjacent malls.Overall I found Al Manzil to be a very comfortable place to stay at a good price, and I would not hesitate to return.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good hotel pity about the location...	Firstly, the hotel is away from the beach/tourist areas so you will need a taxi to get around. The hotel is situated just 500yds from the Dubai Mall (which is only 50% open as of Dec'09). The Burj Dubai (world's tallest building) is a mere half mile away but will not be ready until end 2009. The hotel is superbly appointed, even if the rooms are somewhat oddly designed, with an open-plan construction. Beware, prices for food and drink at the hotel bars/restaurants are expensive (but this is Dubai after all). The hotel has a very good supermarket in the lobby. A typical beer in the very good sports bar will cost 30 dirhams which equates to GBP6.00 in the UK. The hotel also has a Starbucks coffee shop. If visiting Dubai for a few days then this hotel will not disappoint as it's only a 10-15 mins taxi ride from the airport. I would definitely stay here again, even if it is in the business district area of town and away from Dubai's main attractions.	
Dec 7 2008	Hotel was fair but nothing spectacular	I brought my mother to Dubai for her birthday. We arrived at the Al Manzil and were not tremendously impressed. The architecture was beautiful and the staff was great. Our room was the size of a postage stamp (or smaller) and to make matters worse the bathroom sink AND tub were LITERALLY in the middle of the room! The shower and toilet lacked privacy as well because BOTH opened directly into the sleeping area! The only thing between the shower, toilet and bedroom was GLASS!!! Nice touch IF you are travelling with your spouse but not if you're travelling with a friend or other family member! As soon as you walk out of the shower you are in your room so unless you plan to dress in the WET shower you have NO privacy! I have been to Dubai before and stayed in SUITES for much less. The food was delicious but extremely overpriced, but that's Dubai! There were some nice shops in the hotel and it's not far from Emirates Mall which is an absolute &quot;must see&quot;. It was also not too far from Abhu Dhabi which is 1,000 times more luxurious than Dubai will ever be! Be prepared to hire a driver or taxi because you will feel as though you're in the &quot;middle of nowhere&quot; due to all of the MAJOR construction which LITERALLY SURROUNDS the Al Manzil. Incredibly, we heard absolutely none of the construction noise!	
Nov 22 2008 	Mixed feelings	There is no doubt that this is a luxurious hotel. Our room was gorgeous, loved the open bathroom ans swivel TV. The food was excellent and the staff friendly. The location of the hotel is okay however if I returned to Dubai I would definately stay near Jumeirah Beach as there is more activity, bigger choice of restaurants and a great beach. We did have a couple of disappointments. 1. Breakfast for two was $88 Australian dollars which is a rip off in any establishment. 2. As our flight departed very late at night we asked about shower facilities that we could use prior to departure and there wasn't any available, not even in the gym.	
Oct 27 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here for 4 days with my sister.Building work was ongoing but hotel was really nice. Brand new hotel, excellent service, really clean.I was surprised to see that there was a bath in the room rather than there being a separate bathroom.Excellent fittings and finishes. No expense was spared on this hotel. Internet service was free and wifi in room. I would def stay here again.	
Oct 18 2008 	Weekend in Duabi - Birthday surprise by the staff	Excellent hotel, perfect location and the staff were very friendly and true assets to the property.I had travelled overnight from London Heathrow to Dubai via Doha for the weekend. The hotel allowed me to check-in early. The check-in staff member, Reva was very friendly and wished me happy birthday as she realised from the passport details. The Duty Manger came over and welcomed me to the property. I was very impressed by the room, it seemed quiet large for a 4* property as I've stayed in smaller 5* rooms. What made the room unique and large was the bath area which the right side of the room whilst the left side of the room was the bed area. This was unique as the bath was literally in the same room. It was ideal for me but not sure if it would suit couples or friends sharing a room. As the bath did not have any curtained area. Although for the shy the room did have a separate which had a frosted glass door as did the toilet area.Bath was good, big enough for two. The bath ameinty's were nice. What was nice was how the TV stand (mini-bar) revolved so I could watch CNN whilst enjoying the bubbles.The location was ideal, it was right in the middle of Old Town Burj Dubai, which is infact the new part of Dubai. The hotel is next to Dubai Mall which is due to open soon so it will be ideal for those that wish to avoid the crowds of Jumeirah. As the Atlantis- The Palm only cost 50 Dhirams to get to by taxi. Which was great as I had pre-booked the Dolphin Bay experience, which allowed me to swim with a dolphin and gave me access to the Lost Chambers and Aquaventure. On my return I decided to open my fast at the cafe in the hotel where I had a nice strawberry milkshake. On return to my room, I settled down down to watch TV. I got surprised when a I heard a knock on the door, went over to open the door where Hazel and 2 other staff members came in singing Happy Birthday and brought me a cake. Which was delicious. Have never been so impressed in my life. It was brilliant, it was my first birthday away from friends and family. They later e-mailed me the pictures.I later decided to sample the room-service menu. Ordered the watermelon juice and the Al -Manzil Burger which came with a really nice BBQ sauce. Later on in the night I had another knock on the door, the hotel had sent me a gift. Again another example of the hotel staff going over and beyond. This hotel is a true star and really deserves to be recognised as a 4* Plus property with 5* services. What I liked was the personal service by the staff which is usually not found in larger 5* properties in Dubai.	
Oct 4 2008 	what a hotel	stopped in many hotels around the world from 5 star to 2 star and this has got to be the best i have ever stayed in4 star hotel never 5 star + and it soon will be when the dubai tower and dubai mall are finishedcheck it out now before the 5 star prices start	
Sep 20 2008 	Uniquely different despite developing location	My wife and I have always stayed at the Movenpick Hotel whenever we visit Dubai (we now live in Bahrain) and this is our first time at Al Manzil, as per recommendation by my boss. Whilst the location is nowhere near as good as Movenpick (as it sits between Wifi, Ramsey, various little shops and restaurants, and the airport) as Al Manzil situates in the middle of Dubai's development zone and takes an average of 30mins to go wherever you wants to go (e.g. airport, Mall of the Emirates, Gold Souk, Burj Al Arab, etc, etc); the room (open plan bathroom is unique), the decoration (mix of Middle Eastern with contemporary), the view from the room (Burj Dubai if you are lucky), the pool (a bit exposed though), the services (always with a smile) is streets ahead of Movenpick! So I guess it's up to you whether the location or room/service is your cup of tea...	
Sep 16 2008 	Wow!!	Dubai is the home of bling so it's refreshing to see a hotel taking its own route! Al Manzil really stands out with a genuinely contemporary style that is imaginative, different and atmospheric.I guarantee you won't have ever stayed in a bedroom quite like it. Kind of open plan with a bathtub at the foot of your bed, flanked by various cubicles and a curvaceous TV stand full of drinkies and snacks. Very cute lighting that creates an instant mellow feel and a really beautiful vanity sink lit-up like a Moroccan lantern. It's really peachy.As a business hotel there were some issues. It is quite new so maybe they are still working it all out. Sorry to say the Dubai internet curse was in full flow. No wireless connection in the room at all during my time here. That's a serious problem. &quot;Sorry Mister Soft the wireless is down&quot;. So I decamped to the business centre, which had working internet but a non-working printer. It got fixed but the duty manager clearly had zero knowledge or training in IT support.Only after leaving did my colleague casually mention that his room wireless worked fine throughout. Hmm, it was all a lie then.Anyway aside from that an absolutely splendid and quite beautifully styled hotel that would fit the bill perfectly for a groovy young couple or romantic getaway.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great hotel in a developing area	Stayed at this hotel twice for business during April 2008. Love it. Stunning rooms, ultra modern with large flat screen TVs that you can watch from the bath if you wish. Lovely swimming pool. Is attached to a supermarket and a suk (small shopping centre). Fabulous restaurant where you can eat outside or inside with a la carte or delicious buffet. Breakfast is great. Service INCREDIBLE. The location is the old town which is actually a brand new area close to the Burj tower. 10 minute taxi ride to the business area (Sheikh Zayed Road) and about 25/30 mins to the beach.	
Sep 3 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We chose to stay in Al Manzil while in Dubai - having been in the Maldives for the first 9 nights of our holiday the beach wasn’t a priority for this stay. The hotel is absolutely fantastic! The rooms are a good size with a king sized bed, a glass-enclosed bathtub, separate toilet and shower cubicle. Free bottles of water were given every day and there was also coffee and tea making facilities.The food was fabulous, a great selection of hot and cold choices at breakfast and dinner.The hotel isn’t city centre but is only a short taxi drive from all the attractions.This hotel wouldn’t be what it is without the staff – they are brilliant, so friendly and helpful and they couldn’t do enough for you!	
Sep 1 2008 	Fantastic hotel in the Old Town	I stayed in this hotel for a total of 5 nights at the end of a 2 month holiday in Europe. The hotel was absolutely beautiful. The staff were very friendly and would help in any way they could. The breakfast was more than adequate and the service outstanding. The bedroom was very spacious with an open plan bathroom with bathtub and a separate shower. The bed was very comfortable and turned down each night with a chocolate left on the pillow. I would definitely stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone travelling to Dubai	
Aug 26 2008 	Geatfun:)Loved it!!!	the stay was a very nice experience.its clean,tidy by all standadsa 4++++ hotel.its practical nice roomlayouting.great breakfast.the staff are really nice and helpful. i would definitely come back.i was there for business and it was a very fruitful trip thanks to all facilities here..	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved the Al Manzil	We stayed for 5 days and found the all of the staff without exception to be very courteous and extremely helpful when called on. It was a pleasure and we would not hesitate to stay with them again or recommend Al Manzil to friends planning to visit Dubai. The breakfasts are awsome and the rooms modern and well appointed.	
Jul 19 2008 	4 Star!!? I Give This Fantastic Hotel A High 5.	I knew I made the right choice the minute I stepped into this hotel's Arabian-inspired lobby. I was given a refreshing cold apple drink and a cold towel while waiting to be checked in, and then shown to my room. It was big with a huge king size bed, a fantastic glass-enclosed bathtub, separate toilet and a separate shower cubicle. The amenities were top-notch and numerous and free bottles of water were replenished every day and there was also free coffee and tea facilities,as well as chocolate covered dates every night at turndown!!The swimming pool was also fantastic overlooking Burj Dubai, the tallest building in the world and the temperature was just right. I met with smiles at evry turn and really wished that my stay was longer than 2 nights.It just shows that 4 star hotels in Dubai beat most 5 star hotels in almost every other city, Dubai is overwhelming with its malls, buildings,nightlife etc and this wonderful hotel was a haven of tranquility in quite a wild city!	
Apr 30 2008	Style 	Our tour operator (Friendly Planet) booked us into the Al Manzil Hotel. We were greeted with juice &amp; coffee as we waited for our key. The staff went out of their way at every turn to make sure we had what we needed throughout our stay and were given help with our plans, including transportation to and from some of the malls. (Hazel was especially wonderful)The breakfast buffet, which was included, was fantastic, with local specialties, fruits &amp; yogurts, waffles, omelettes, and many other hot and cold items. How about 6 types of juices, including mango or watermelon juice? And they served plenty of good coffee, that we Americans really needed to start our day. (although there is a Starbuck's adjacent if you are a serious coffee junkie)Our room was in perfect condition, and our view was of the neighborhood and some of the skyskrapers under construction. You might think looking out on construction is a bad thing, but it was fascinating, considering the size and scope of the project. Looking out on the world's tallest bulding is amazing! The design of the interior had a slight &quot;W&quot; hotel vibe to it, with an Arabic twist. The beds and pillows were very comfortable, and there was a great mini-bar, big flat-screen TV, writing desk, free internet service and robes and slippers. The glass-enclosed bathtub was more of a novelty for us, and the shower was a glass enclosure, as was the W.C. I wasn't sure I would enjoy this room design (when we previewed the hotel on the website) but we found it to be unique and enjoyable. Turn-down service included a chocolate covered almond-stuffed date and there was a complimentary plate of chocolate truffles when we arrived.The pool was small and quiet, and we were able to enjoy a cold beer or lunch brought to us there. We visited the beach hotels, and I found that they were more or less like going to Disneyworld. Huge, beautiful, but filled with tons of kids, and sunburned tourists, lots of shoppers, and they were just too crazy for me. I'd stay at the Al Manzil any time, and since taxi transportation is so inexpensive (and hotel shuttle service is free) I would choose this location again, even though the area is under construction. When the construction is complete, this hotel will probably be out of sight, price-wise, so stay there now, while you can afford it!	
Apr 21 2008 	Love this hotel!	I loved everything about this hotel, the rooms are modern, big and comfortable, extremely clean and fresh; they have a beautiful outside area where people can eat, smoke shisha or just have a nice time out, also good selection of restaurants and a very good breakfast.The Business Centre is complete and they also have free internet access in every room, the staff is friendly and helpful and made my stay at the Al Manzil very pleasant, probably the location is not the best to know the city, this hotel is perfect for business people looking to relax after a long working day, I will definitely recommend it and would love to go again!	
Mar 30 2008 	Good hotel for a short break but not near the beach	We stayed at the Al Manzil hotel as part of a two-centre holiday to the Maldives and Dubai. We spent 4 days here and really enjoyed our stay, although we didn't spend much time at the hotel itself. First off, the hotel is in the new area of &quot;Downtown Burj Dubai&quot;. This is really hard to find on a map, cos it's so new and generally most of it is still under construction. It's near the World Trade Centre and Emirates Towers area of the city. Location wise, the hotel is well situated for a few days break in Dubai, as it is within a short taxi ride of all the major malls, beaches, sightseeing tours etc. (taxis are really cheap in Dubai). However, if you want to spend a lot of time at the beach, you'd be better off booking a hotel at the beach itself! The hotel itself is great. Good room, good food, great staff and we really enjoyed our stay. We didn't have time to use the pool, but it looked nice. The hotel is really geared mostly towards business travellers, but was fine for tourists.	
Mar 29 2008 	Best hotel in Dubai	Still new and clean.... not worn out like some of the others... modern and arabic mixed together in lovely way. Bathtub in the middle of the room! Great food at the restaurants.... loved every minute of the stay. Friendliest staff of any hotel.... will bend over backwards for you.	
Jan 25 2008	Al Manzil Well worth the money!	We just returned from a trip to Dubai and stayed at the Al Manzil.Everything about this hotel is perfect.The rooms are well equiped and comfortable.Added touches like a beautiful stationary box and easy access keys make this a Deluxe experience. The breakfast buffet was very nice and the staff were the nicest of any hotel I have stayed in. Concierge service was excellent as was the Housekeeping services.We ar independent travel agents and would definetly recommend this hotel	
Jan 14 2008 	Very nice hotel in new area of Dubai	I stayed for five days in this wonderful hotel and enjoyed every minute of it. A very nice hotel with great staff and beautiful rooms. Also, the restaurant is very good and offers a high quality range of Middle Eastern food. The outdoor pool area is perfect and the hotel is centrally located in Old Town behind the Burj Dubai. There is a lot of building construction going on around the hotel, but it never really bothered us. A highly recommended hotel for those, who want to enjoy a couple of days in luxury with out having to take out a mortgage for it. By the way: Make sure and book your room online, which is half price compared to directly through the hotel.	
Jan 4 2008	The Name Say it all......	&quot;Al Manzil&quot; the Arabic word for &quot;Home&quot; where you feel exactly like your at your home,Located in the heart of &quot;Burj Dubai&quot; district just off Sheikh Zaid Rd. &amp; few steps from his sister hotel Qamardeen. Coordinate at N 25 11 30.6E 55 16 40.3A 4 Stars hotel Furnished in Arabic, north African western mixed design.I stayed 3 nights with my wife in a business / leisure tripConstruction around the Hotel a bet disturbing but once its finish will be a great benefit; it is projected to be the modern new expected Dubai down townParking is available under the hotel no worries her.Reception was super fast organized and mot important with a big smileMy room was standard non-smoking room booked by travel agent with a rate of $214 per night including taxes B&amp;B basis.We loved the room so much thought a little space, you will move around easily and every thing is fit perfectlyBreakfast served at the main restaurant &quot;Conservatory&quot; until 10AM and a bit longer on weekends, food is great exceed (quality &amp; variety) what you may get on 5 stars Hotels in DubaiOther restaurant &quot;Courtyard&quot; we liked this out door restaurant so much mainly at night where they have these small electrical candles, great food and Shisha ‘hubbly bubbly’ for the ones whom like it.Concierge service is out-standing every one want to offer the help and they do it very will especially the Moroccan Staff.To avoid rush ours and &quot;Salik&quot; charges why not to park the car and use the Emirates free shuttle bus (both directions) but remember to be there at reception on time the bus will stop only for few minutesAlso, why not take a peek to the new mall next to hotel and many recreation attractions planned and already just openOver all I found this hotel great for both work and moderate Arabic style leisure and defiantly I will go back again and recommend it to others.?Aboaziz	
Dec 31 2007 	Great for business rubbish for leisure	The Al Manzil was nicely decorated having just had a make over - the staff were great and helpful.Rooms were nice though the bath in the bedroom was a bit odd.As it is situated in an area that wont be complete till next year getting a taxi means having to order one or pray someone is being dropped off at the time you want to go out.Its nicely situated between Dubai and Jumeirah so taxi fares are reasonable for Emirates Mall and City Centre.Nice sheeshah bar in the evening that seems to be a local hotspot.	
Nov 18 2007	Excellent 4 Star Hotel	The Staff was wonderful and the services was excellent. Yes I admit the location is really not in the City center however I dint really have to travel much and spent most of my time at the hotel. The Facilities are good and Internet is free everywhere in the hotel and in the rooms. The rooms are nice and since I had requested for a higher Floor I got the room at the 8th Floor which had a Beautiful View Of the old town residential area ( I have posted a few pics and you can have a look at them ). Well the food…Hmmmm The food was not bad, but I guess they can make improvements. I should say the Snacks &amp; Desserts Were really good!Among the 4 Star Hotels I have stayed In Dubai , This is the best &amp; Also much better than some 5 star hotels that I have stayed in Dubai!	
Nov 7 2007 	Fabulous	From the moment we arrived we were very impressed, the hotel is beautifully designed, with really great rooms (the ability to turn the television round to watch it in the bath located in the centre of the room was definitely a novelty). The staff were extremely helpful - and the buffet breakfast amazing. We also had dinner in the Sports Bar which was extremely good value. Location wise, the hotel isn't the most central - however, the taxis are so cheap we didn't feel it mattered. Once all the building work (which you are not aware of once inside) has been completed around the hotel, it will be a 5* hotel with prices to match, so take advantage now.	
Sep 16 2007	Good Place	Good Hotel,Rooms are clean, staff is very kind, breakfast and bufet may be improved.	
Sep 9 2007 	Loved it	We stayed two nights (wished it had been a bit more!) in this gorgeous hotel and it was a delight. The staff were superb in all senses: warm, professional and ready to help at any point. We had our 4 year daughter with us and they were very attentive with her and her needs. Breakfast buffet is fabulous. It is true that it is not so close to the center, but Dubai is pretty spread out, so perhaps it's good to stay one/two nights in Deira and then move out to this hotel. There is a free shuttle service to the beach and to two of the most important malls (Ibn Batuta and Emirates) if you are planning to do some shopping, which is what one does in Dubai (not much more to do after you've seen museums/Gold souk and the like) don't hesitate to enjoy this little jewel of hotel.We got a very good deal booking through [--] Enjoy[--]	
Aug 11 2007 	Wow	hFirstly get the construction out of the way, leaving SZR at exit 51 and taking the construction road toward the Burj Dubai, through roads with new builds either side. Not your cup of tea? Ignor it as it is worth the wait.Greeted with a cool drink and frozen hand towel upon registration just comenced what was an idillic week. The reception is peaceful and cool, with staff who are pleasant and appear very genuine. The room was Ab Fab. A bath took centre stage so take your bubble bath and loofa. Views of the Burj Dubai that are second to none.The pool is quiet and although there is a great deal of construction in the area, it was not intrusive.Buffet breakfast is well worth the 70 or so dhs and the evening buffet was excellent the nights that we used it.Booked through hotels.com the hotel was more than affordable, however, this will not last. Once the srea is completed, the tarrif will be at least four times what I paid, so get in while you can.I cannot praise the staff or this hotel enough. Look beyond the construction and go get a unique view of the emerging Burj Dubai.	
Aug 11 2007	great hotel	stayed here for a few days and liked the hotel,great sports bar	
Aug 3 2007 	Excellent value	I stayed here for just over a week and wasn't dissapointed. The rooms were modern, clean and had everything you could want. I liked the arabic designs throughout the hotel and the staff were always very helpful. The pool isn't large but certainly big enough to swim. They also have a nice gym and good food restaurants. There is a sports bar and a nice terrace to sit out in in the evenings.The hotel is dead opposite the Burj Dubai, which you can see from the plane, and although there is construction going on as they complete the &quot;old town&quot; it won't disturb you. Good location for Sheik Zayed road and there is a daily shuttle to the beach, malls etc. Good location for business meetings, all in all very pleasant stay.	
Jul 20 2007	Beautiful	I spent five nights at the Al Manzil, and am now completely spoiled. The building is beautiful, rooms are very comfortable and spotless, and the service is the best I can remember at any hotel. The courtyard/bar is perfect, a great place to hang out. Drinks are expensive, but that's the case with just about every hotel bar on the planet. And this level of service for around $130 USD a night is an absolute steal in my opinion.Of course, the big drawback is the massive construction site around the hotel that stretches as far as the eye can see in every direction. I wasn't bothered by noise, but you can't really leave the hotel at all without a taxi. Now, Dubai is by no means a walkable city, so I suppose that's fairly common, but it would have been nice to be able to walk somewhere. On the bright side, taxis are fairly cheap in Dubai.Of course, when all the construction is finished, Al Manzil will have a fantastic location right between the world's tallest building and the largest shopping mall outside of North America. I'm sure that the rates will go through the roof, and justifiably so. But for now, it's a terrific bargain if you're willing to put up with a slightly inconvenient location.	
Jun 30 2007 	Relax in the courtyard	I used the reviews in Trip Advisor when choosing this hotel and was not disappointed. Rooms are superb if you like a modern layout. On arrival a cold apple juice and ice-cold towel is accompanied by an Arabic coffee. Nice touch. Pool and fitness centre are clean and pleasant. The bar is lively and the food (S.African influence) is very good. The burger was my best ever. People obviously come from miles around for an evening at this bar or in the courtyard. With a mass of shisha pipes, lush plants, gentle fountains, chill-out music and wonerful staff, this is the place to wind down and spend a few hours. The atmosphere is just right.The staff are so accommodating and genuinely friendly. The only drawback, common to Dubai, is that you can't go for a stroll out of the hotel as it is surrounded by a seriously large building site. One day, when the mall and the tower are complete, this hotel will be out of reach of normal mortals...	
Jun 28 2007 	Disappointed but perhaps things will improve...		
Jun 15 2007 	Great little hotel		
May 7 2007 	Faultless hotel		
Apr 13 2007 	A Bargain		
Apr 9 2007 	Impressive find		
Apr 2 2007 	5* Quality at 4* Prices		
Mar 8 2007 	Beautiful Boutique hotel over looking the burj Dubai		
Nov 17 2009 	excellent !		
Nov 16 2009 	Einfach TOP		
Nov 12 2009 	Perfekt		
Nov 11 2009 	Ennivrant		
Oct 25 2009 	?????????		
Oct 12 2009 	Absolutamente perfecto		
Oct 8 2009 	Genial!!!		
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Rapport Qualité Prix		
Jul 19 2009 	???????????????????????????		
May 21 2009 	Féerique		
May 8 2009 	Una bella sorpresa a 5 stelle!		
Apr 8 2009 	Hotel le mille ed una notte! Altro che quattro stelle!!!!		
Mar 30 2009 	????????????		
