	Great Hotel	We stayed in the Westin during November 09 for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon to also Cape Town and Mauritius. We arrived 8am in the morning, and the check in staff were very polite and fast. The room, as expected was not ready that early, but they advised that we could leave our bags and take breakfast or relax by the pool and they would call my mobile when ready, which they did a few hours later.The room was huge, modern, with a great view of the palm and the Atlantis Hotel, and the bathroom was the size of our bedroom at home!The only restaurant we used in the hotel was the Blue &amp; Orange for the buffet breakfast, which even though it was quite expensive (£20pp if you don’t have B&amp;B deal) it was the best variety of any breakfast I have ever seen by a mile! Everything you could imagine from all over the globe, you could eat Sushi or curry if you fancied.The hotel location is very good, right on the beach, and close to the palm and also the 'Walk' near the Dubai Marina, where loads of reasonably priced restaurants can be found.The pool and beach area is brilliant. The area is kept extremely clean, and there are lots of life guards on duty at all times. There are always plenty of sun beds available both near the pool and on the beach, and bar staff are always on hand to get you drinks if needed.The hotel itself is very plush and impressive and all the staff we met were always very attentive and nice. One nice touch, which you wouldn’t really expect from such a large hotel, was when the Blue &amp; Orange manager (Hansen I think his name was) asked our names on the 1st day during breakfast and remembered my name when we saw him the next day and asked after my wife, remembering her name also. Little things like this help to make this hotel and our stay so great.I would also def recommend a day at the Aquaventure water park at the Atlantis hotel while you are there, very good fun!Overall - Hotel Service 9/10, Hotel Facilities 9/10, Hotel Location 8/10, Beach 8/10, Pool 9/10, Restaurants 9/10	
	fabulous westin!!	what more can i say,the wonderful westin has delivered!!upon arrival there were plenty of staff around to check you in ,cool towels and drinks waiting for our arrival,and our luggage was the transported straight to our rooms, the rooms were very large with an enormous balcony overlooking the arabian gulf and the palms,perfection!!!we used most of the pools and enjoyed a few of the fabulous cocktails on offer,and if it isnt on the menu,nothing would be too much trouble to make it for you..we had room service a couple of times,the food what spot on,and the service was fast and reliable and delivered with a welcoming smile.all the staff are really humbling they all are more than welcome to go out there way for you ,with out you feeling it is too much trouble for them,the location of this hotel is excellent right on the beach and ideal for all the shopping and sights dubai has to offer,barasti beach bar is a must,we enjoyed our stay so much,we are planning a return visit in april,looking forward to our repeat stay	
	Outstanding	Can't fault the Westin. Everything was excellent. Someone previously described it as soulless and also surly service, don't know how they arrived at this conclusion. Service was the best I have experienced anywhere and I have stayed at a few 5 stars. The hotel was a true 5 star and very elegant. Rooms are spacious with 2 queen size beds which are the most comfortable I've ever slept in! Flat screen tv and walk in wardrobe and shower.The hotel is on Jumeirah beach and sea view rooms look out over the gardens, pool and bars/restaurants and beach towards the Palm and Atlantis. You obviously cant see the layout of the palm from the rooms but Atlantis is visible on the horizon.Nothing is within walking distance except the hotel next door, Le Meridian, but taxis are very cheap and the hotel has complimentary shuttle bus services to local Malls. On site there are 4 restaurants and 4 bars, although more are located at Le Meridian.Breakfast was excellent and plentiful. Located on the ground floor with an outside area to dine with a view of the beach, pool and gardens. A buffet style, anything is available from english, indian! to Chinese. The staff will also cook anything you cant see. And again excellent service. The ground floor breakfast room doubles as a restaurant in the evening, again a buffet style but has 6 cooking 'islands' serving a variety of dishes including Sushi, indian, chinese, italian, and european. Prices where AED190 per person for as many courses as you need! Bottle of wine started from £25 Leave space for desert as the selection was vast I had to go back twice to try everything! Other restaurants where Hunters for a great steak but expensive at around £35. Cheapest bottle of wine here was £25. Another cheaper option is the pizza restaurant. Located in a separate open air building opposite the main hotel (about 10 yards away) overlooking the main pool and beach. You can also walk down to Le Meridian (about 5 mins) for more choice but more importantly Barastis bar. This bar is famous among ex-pats and very western, located almost on the beach its prices for food and drink are similar to UK prices and the food is pretty good. It does get very lively at weekends though often with live music and if staying at Le meridian I would think the noise would be very noticeable. There are also a few glof carts driven by hotel staff that provide free transport is you are less mobile or in my case drunk.Walking out of the rear of the hotel which is surrounded by small water fountains you initially come to a garden area with block paved paths that lead in different directions through the gardens and pools towards the hotel next door and the beach. Moving away from the hotel the first pool is recangular and is' laned ' for lessons, surrounded by sunbeads and parasols. (free towels and no charge for sunbeds anywhere) Past this a couple of step down to the next pool which is free form and meanders through the gardens, under wooden foot bridges for about 300yds and has a swim up bar at each end. Beyond the pool a little more garden and then the beach. The beach is only about 20yds wide but has plenty of loungers and waiter service for drinks and food. All immaculately kept. There is a designated swimming area off the beach and life guard cover everywhere. Towards Le meridian there is a water sports centre, sailing, water skiing, canoes, wind surfing etc. but no dive centre.DIving is not good on this coast but very good on the East coast. It is however a 2 hour drive to get there. The dive centre is good and very professional. EAD350 for 2 boat dives. Worth a visit;The Gold Souke. but get your taxi to drop you on the opposite side of the creek and get the water bus across costs EAD1 (20p) each way but you get a great view. The souke is very arab and women should cover their shoulders and knees, but very safe and atmospheric. Expect a little hassle but a polite no thanks is all that is needed. Also expect to haggle if you want to buy. I paid EAD80 for an item that started out at EAD175.Dubai has 2 malls the biggest has the biggest indoor aquarium in the world (i'm told) the smaller mall also has a massive indoor ski slop. Prices are similar the UK in both malls. Temperatures during our stay where lowest 26 max 30 degrees C very low humidity so was never uncomfortableOverall a great 5 star relaxing luxury beach holiday, limited activities away from the hotel and can be expensive. But if you are happy to stay at the hotel perfect.	
	Excellent location	The sea facing room that we stayed in was very nice and quite; you can hardly hear the construction noise. The beach and the swimming pool area is very nice. Walking outside the hotel to nearby hotels or to the Marina walk is not possible; you have to take a taxi. The only restaurant that we liked is Bousala. We liked the restaurants in the nearby hotel One&amp;only Royal Mirage. For the price we paid breakfast should have been included. Overall, if you are there to relax, it is great hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Beautiful!	I visited last year with my family and we were very impressed with the Westin. It's pretty much brand new and very beautiful, feels rather luxurious in an understated kind of way (for Dubai anyway). The amenities are fab. The pools are brilliant and we had a fab view across the gulf towards the Palm. We stayed for New Year and the gala dinner was a fabulous event laid on by the hotel with all the stops pulled out. Food was sublime. Blue Orange is nice. Breakfast buffet was lovely. We had access to the upgraded facilities and this included the breakfast. Staff are so lovely.Even spotted a famous English footballer now commentator/bar owner/crisps spokesman in the Spa!Westin we love you and can't wait to come back soon.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful Westin..........!	The Westin Dubai is absoloutly beautiful. It is 5 star perfection without being to big an inpersonal like alot of the other hotels in Dubai can seem.I have worked in the travel industry myself for 8 years now and can honetly say this was one of the most wonderful hotels I have had the pleasure in staying in.We picked the hotel for the excellant location, being right next to the Marina, close to the new monorail system into the Palm Jumeriah, shopping etc. We also knew wanted to be cose to 'Barasti Bar' which is renowned for being one of the best bars in the world. This bar is attached to the sister hotel next door which you have full access to. At night they even provide a golf buggy ride down to Barasti which provides you immediate access which beats waiting in the very long ques.We found the service from the extremly friendly and proffessional reception staff to the waiters, bar staff and room service to bee nothing but exceptional. I honestly could not fault this is any way what so ever so to see bad reviews on any aspect of the hotels is quite hard to believe.The breakfast was lovely. Everytjhing that you could ever want was available.I cannt comment on the other restaurants in the hotel as we did not eat there but we did speak to other guests who raved about them. We ordered food to the room on 2 occassions and which was excellent. It was brought to us within 30mins where a small table was set up in a room to enjoy.The hotel hosts a ladys night every Tuesday which is renowned in Dubai where ladies recieve free drinks vouchers upto 9:30pm. It pulls in a huge crowed of people and is an excellant night which i highly reccomend!!The beach is really nice and clean and never seemed over crowded. Service around the pool was also excellent and there was always someone on hand to take our orders.And now to the room.............................WOW!!! We had a deluxe sea view room which was nothing short of perfect. There was 3 aduilts in a room but it was lovely and big so we never felt cramped. The bathroom was huge wth luxurybath, huge shower + toilet. I would definalty pay for a sea view room as its well worth the extra money if not only for the amazing sunsets and sun risings.I honestly cannot rate this hotel highly enough. It isnt on a huge scale like the Madinet or the Atlantis. It is a luxurious personal hotel which i will be recommending to all my customers that are looking for a 5star stay in Dubai.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at this hotel together with my wife from November 10th to November 15th for our wedding unnivesary. We liked the hotel very much - spacious and modern rooms, nice restaurants, very good pool &amp; beach. Some moments I want to mention:1) Construction - yes, Marina area is still under construction. But noise level is very low and starting from Day 2 we didn't hear it at all (especially at the beach).2) Service - there are several comments that service quality is low. Absolutely incorrect! Every member of staff tries to give the best service in every occasion. Some people just WANT to see problems...In general we really enjoyed or stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for high quality beach resort in Dubai.Also I would like to use this opportunity to say &quot;THANK YOU&quot; once again to Nora Pope, Guest Relations &amp; Executive Club Manager .You couldn't have done your job better!!!Alexander	
Nov 12 2009 	5 Star Hotel - 1 Star service	Yes, this hotel has the most of the amenities that you should expect from a 5 star hotel, but if it really wants a 5 star reputation, then the overall package must improve.My family and I visited this hotel in October and we received service that would not look out of place on Fawlty Towers! Having arrived at the hotel early morning, we had to wait until after 3pm for a room. No major reason to feel aggrieved here, unless you realise that we had a sick child that was crying and distressed from 9am until check in. Despite the pleas for a room from desperate parents, we were the last family to have a room allocated. This was totally unacceptable, consider we were the only ones with young children and more over that one was particularly ill. We complained many times, but all we kept hearing was that they have this problem every Friday and Saturday (not reassuring at all!). We were never even offered as much as a glass of water for the 6 hours that we waited.The reason why we went away was for my 40th birthday and my wife had kindly arranged a surprise cake for me when checking in (9am). At around 9pm, my wife called the kitchen to ask where the cake was and they advised that it had only just be handed to them by reception. As such, they advised that they would be unable to do this until the next day (ie after my birthday). Strangely, the kitchen phoned our room at 10.15pm and spoke to me to confirm the cake would be with me in 15 minutes. I thanked them on behalf of my wife for ruining my surprise and for waking me up and politely told them what to do with the cake!A really bad start to the holiday. but there were positives :-1. Good Room Sizes2. Nice selection of restaurants3. Pool Area4. Clean5. Doorman was particularly nice and helpfulUnfortunately, the service never really improved. The service in the restaurants was slow and they seemed understaffed and this was fairly typical of the hotel in general.Would I go back to this hotel ? - definitely not, nor would I recommend this hotel to anyone who has young children or is celebrating a special occasion as they simply are not geared up for this.If I ever return to Dubai, I would probably like to stay at the Atlantis or Jumeirah Beach, both of which looked spectacular.We visited both the Wild Wadi and Aquaventure water parks and would say that Wild Wadi is far better for families with young children with the Aquaventure appealing to the more adventurous. Both were very enjoyable. Taxi's were very cheap, having used both Hotel and standard cabs. The Hotel Taxi to Aquaventure was 35 dirhams (c £6.25) and 30 dirhams (£6) to the Emirates Mall. The standard cabs are about half this price.We went half board, so cant really advise of food costs, although the millkshakes at the hotel were around 28 dirhams. The buffet dinner in the Blue Orange would have been 390 dirhams for 2 adults I noticed.Staying at this hotel is risky and other reviews seem to support this view. Sometimes, you will have a very enjoyable stay, but it should not be simply down to luck. You are right to expect much better from a 5 star hotel and therefore this hotel has a big thumbs down from me.	
Nov 6 2009 	great hotel	Went half term week of October 09 with an 8 year old and 2 year old. Arrived Sat 24th with Virgin morning flght. Had to wait 2 hours for room. This is definately a five star hotel. The staff try very very hard but you can see they need more training, especially in the restaraunt where simple things like removing plates quickly or bringing your drinks qucikly don't always happenThat aside the rooms where great, very clean and modern. The food was fabulous and the hotel was immcuately clean. The hotel has a very friendly feel to it. And yes we too thought Fred the doorman was &quot;the man&quot; if you wanted to know something about dubai and where to go etc. Although he had a &quot;double&quot; called Robert (I think)One other point I would make. Our 8 year old was slightly bored. The hotel needs to decide if it really is going to cater for families with kids and arrange some sort of area with xboxes and pool table (Westin - go to Sandals Beaches to see how they do it if you want some tips)Have the afternoon English Tea - fabulous Would definaltey go back but would have to consider if my lad would be bored.I'll end with one great thing that happened. My little girl was messing on the high back chair and fell backwards headfirst to the floo. The passing waiter grapped her by the ankles thus diverting dissaster. Might not be qucik on bringing my wine but boy was he quick with his hands saving my daughter from smashing head in marble floor	
Nov 3 2009 	Westin - the good the bad and the ugly	We arrived for our 3rd consecutive October half term holiday at Dubai having previously stayed at the Jebel Ali Hotel - good and the Palm Tree Court - excellent but very expensive. Having three teenagers is not good for the wallet but all the kids enjoyed this break and particulaly the weather which was brilliant. The traffic was a great deal less than previous years and the roads were nearly all completed around the Marina, Palm Jumeirah so we arrived early at the hotel from the Virgin 8.00 am Heathrow flight. The rooms were not ready as we expected but we were welcomed and shown to breakfast. The main restaurant was rather mixed with ok food but some poor service off badly trained staff with a lack of good management.The other restaurants we went to were also ok but the lunch time beach restaurnats were a total rip off and the poor food was carried from kitchens many minutes away.The hotel is in a lovely position on the edge of the Marina and has great views.Fred the Doorman was a star and was the best staff member we found - where were the management!! Certainly not helping!!Very modern and clean but still looked the part - rather let down by a lack of soul and high prices - not much for teenagers in way of organised sports - but good kids club.Great beach and sitting areas and very helpful watersports guys - well doneRoom service ok but not a patch on Palm Tree. Pizza Retaurant good but too expensive £200 dinner for a family of 5 with a few drinks and 2 courses seems alot - expect half that for lunch - try kids menu which was beter than the adult lunches. The main restaurnat was good for lunch but did not want to be inside for lunch.All in all it was good but lacked soul and Family feel - is it a family or business hotel - it is not quite sure!Service left a lot to be desired - poor management and training I think. Very inconsistant staff service.	
Nov 2 2009 	Poor Service and Food	Don't stay at the Westin if good food and service is important to you. The only competent member of staff at the check-in counter seemed to be the surly supervisor who thought she was doing us a favour by checking us in. If you go to Hunters restaurant (I wouldn't recommend it), stick to the Steak. We had the tasting menu and I'm afraid the chef had seriously over-extended himself and the results were almost comical. The breakfast was also a bit of a disaster - not a staff member in sight! The rooms themselves are lovely and the pool and beach areas are nice. The beach at the Westin is a little too close to The Palm so the water isn't exactly clean and the lack of water circulation means its a bit muddy under foot.	
Oct 30 2009 	Not a 5* Hotel	Having stayed at other Dubai 5* hotels the Westin doesn't compare. The location and complex are fine but what lets it down is poor service and food. From check in (advised room would be about an hour it was actually available after 2 hours but only when prompted) to check out (breakfast ordered for 6am for a 6:15 pick up it arrived at 6:15) This is not what a 5* hotel service should be. Pool service was inattentive and slow with the life guards finding waiters for us! The food variety in the restaurants was poor and one dish was undercooked but no real apology and that summed up the staff attitude they really gave the impression they don't care!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Elegant and Fabulous !	One of the most beautiful views in the Gulf. Fabulous room, spacious and well appt. Excellent service, terrific day spa (can't say enough about their staff). Multiple restaurants, great in room dining options or local restaurant lists. This was an unexpected stop on my trip and turned out to be the best hotel along the journey. Great prices and above and beyond service. Can't remember the name of the individual that checked me in, but his service was on mark and above par.	
Oct 22 2009 	Can't wait to go back. Marvellous!	We had such a fantastic stay here that I don't know where to start. The hotel is located on the beachfront just after the road out to the palm and before the start of Jumeirah Beach Residence Walk (JBR) and the Marina. It is not a tower block hotel as so many of the hotels are and is quite original and beautiful. It is very elegant, cool and luxurious inside. We booked the executive package as transfers were included to and from the airport, this was wonderful as we were greeted in the car with cool evian and towels and didn't have to worry about taxis etc. Also included in this was breakfast in the executive suite and snacks and soft drinks throughout most of the day. We went up there for breakfast most days as it was quieter and the high tea was a small treat to keep us going until dinner. The staff up there can also help you with any info you require or booking trips etc and there is a business suite there too.The rooms are very spacious and luxurious, not sure quite what was going on with the beds though, they were supposed to be extra comfy but I felt like I was sleeping in a hollow all week dont know if it was the mattress or the comfy bit on top but it was the same in the other bed we had had. (we changed to a sea view on the second night after realising we had not booked a room with a view, this does cost a bit more...) There is a large flat screen TV, good mini bar and huge baths and showers. The cot we arranged for our son was great. The whole thing appears to be able to go in the wash so it was spotless! Which is something you can never be sure of. We were always greeted so warmly by the staff and not in a fake Disney way, they all seemed genuinely happy. Upon arrival my son was given a couple of welcome packs, such a great idea, containing socket covers, sun hat, plasters, antiseptic cream and wipes etc, cudddly toy, book, pens, rubber duck. We needed to use the services of the nurse whilst we were there for an eye infection our son had picked up from a day at a water park, she was prompt and efficient and within the hour the cream we needed was delivered from the pharmacy to our room!The pools are lovely, a nice winding pool with pool bar and a large section where children cannot go, which is just what those without children may appreciate. There is also a lap pool and a covered kids pool with a slide. The beach is lovely too, with buckets and spades supplied. There are always plenty of lifeguards around and waiting staff to take your drink or snack order or bring you an iced towel or adjust your sun umbrella!The restaurants are fantastic, we ate 3 times at the Spice emporium because the food was so good, we also tried Hunters steak house and grill and blue orange. The food could not be faulted, or the staff, and the childrens menu is also pretty good. Room service was also excellent. In busola the pizzas are nice but we didnt eat downstairs in the pasta place as we could not see a lot on the menu that we liked. (due to our fussiness not the menu..) It would have been nice to be able to have some pasta in the pizza place but they do not mix and match. The hotel is only 10 minutes away from Mall of the emirates, Wild Waddi and the Atlantis hotel. I will say though, perhaps not to bother doing the Big bus tour from the hotel as the transfer to the first stop takes forever (this is not the hotel but the Big Bus tour service), better to get a taxi to the creek part and do that or arrange a tour by private taxi. I cannot fault this hotel, it was so good. Everyone goes out of their way to make sure you have a great holiday. It would be ideal for a romantic trip but it was just as great for us with our 1 year old. I wish I could live there.......	
Oct 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Just spent a week at the Westin (12th to 19th). Arrived at the hotel at 08:00 and was offered a room on the 1st floor immediately or a higher floor if we wanted to wait. (we were not told about a lounge that we could have washed and changed in before a room was ready) so we went for the lower floor sea view room. nothing wrong with the room but a poor view of a generator!The room was huge the TV gigantic and the bathroom had a walk in shower that could hold a football team! There was a problem with the light in the shower (it fell out leaving live wires exposed) but it was dealt with immediately without a fuss. Two complaints re the room the AC was not up to the job the minimum you could set it to was 18c but it never got close to that and the bedding was suitable for Alaska in mid winter not 28c min! Secondly (very petty) all the light controls were on a panel on the bedside cabinet. I need to use reading glasses and coming into a dark room having to find my glasses so I can see the control panel was a real pain!The restaurants were all good, Breakfast was good with an enormous selection (coffee delivery and refills could have been quicker). Hunters was fantastic (pricey) but the steaks fantastic. Spice emporium superb. The pizzeria was better value if you are on a budget. Baristi great for beer and a lively time. There were a couple more options we didn't get round to trying.the grounds were well kept, and there were sunbeds always available, Friday and Saturday afternoons (the local weekend) was more difficult as the place is swamped by the locals. the team in the grounds were attentive and polite and nothing was too much trouble from finding a second umbrella,to serving food and drink, we didn't move all day!There is some building work going on behind the sister hotel (meridian) it can be heard but to be honest it's everywhere and if you go to Dubai (i've been going for ten years) you have to expect some noiseI have been a regular business traveller for over 20 years and have high standards especially if I have to pay for the same for the hotel rather than my company and overall no serious complaints re the Westin and I am planning to return in October 2010	
Oct 17 2009 	Not Five Star	If you love Dubai and love it for the serivce this is not the place for you. Staff clearly have had no training and therefore offer poor standars. Food was servied cold, late and some time not at all. The rooms and grounds are nice, but nothing could make up for the poor service. If you want to enjoy Dubai at it best stay at one of the main good hotels it has to offer and not the Westin.	
Oct 15 2009 	Spacious elegance	Went for a short break with one other couple and the place was divine. Booked online for an offer than included all the Executive Club features and it was well worth it. Picked up from airport and arrived about 08:30 - escorted up to the dedicated executive check in and received fabulous service. Went in to the executive lounge and had breakfast - at no extra cost, considering we were very early checking in. Rooms were ready for us straight after and they are beautiful too. The whole of the hotel complex is very spacious and the atrium lobby adds to the feeling as a lot of rooms are on to open internal balcony corridors.The beach and pool facilities were perfect with something for every one on plenty of everything. The exec club was opened most of the day, with short closures to move from one meal type to the next. All this was complimentary including a two hour 'happy hour' at the bar from 6pm to 8pm. Service was first class and made the economics of the package options a no-brainer.It was a wedding anniversary treat for us and the hotel recognised that fact in spades. I can't image how the whole experience could have been improved upon - we felt very pampered and special at every moment.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel Superb Pool 	I arrived at this hotel after staying 2 nights at the Address in Burj Dubai, and 2 nights at the Emirates Palace at Abu Dhabi. So as far as I was concerned, the Westin had a lot to do in order to reach the high levels of service, interior design, elegance and feeling of grandeur I had become accustomed to. The hotel lobby looked pristine and uber clean, and it seemed as though you could see the shine on the tiled floors. The check-in process was super quick, and we weree taken to our room and shown around.We had a balcony room facing the beach and it was superb. At around 7 or 8 when it began getting dark, you could see the sun changing colour from orange to fiery red, and it looked beautiful and romantic. The room itself was impressive. Comfortable Bed, LCD TV, and all the standard facilities you would find in a modern 5 star hotel.We ventured out to the pool area to see how good the facilities were. They had 3 pools, but we were mainly at the 1 nearest to the beach, with a swim up bar and the arched bridge. The pool was usually busy but I always found a nice spot for a sunlounger.The beach itself was nice and there were always sunloungers available if you wanted to tan and tone.I was staying on a half board basis, and the breakfast was pretty good but not up there with the best I had in Dubai. We usually went for evening dinner for the half board option at the Blue-Orange. It was really good, there was always a mix of different cuisines, and an ecelectic range of flavours and food on offer. There was an indian food stall, sushi, thai, and anything from pizza, chips, fish, steak, depending on the day you want. The desert section was pretty good and I got to know the guy behind the stall quite well as I always turned up for my daily scoops of ice-cream, lol.The hotel itself is not too far from the MoE and provides a shuttle bus to and from there. The Royal Mirage hotel is only minutes away by Taxi and I did to to the Arabian Courtyard restaurant there for shisha, food and drinks which was good.There's no nightclub in the hotel itself but there is a bar which seemed popular. Also, you're entitled to use the internet facilities free of charge for 30 minutes a day.I stayed at the Mina Seyahi earlier in year, and this is so much better in comparison.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Choice	We were booked into the Le Meridien but were upgraded to the Westin. This was a pleasant surprise as Le Meridien looked tired and dated for a 5* hotel in Dubai. The Westin was a huge improvement, it had a beautiful foyer and we were escorted to a lovely room complete with a huge bathroom, flat screen TV and large balcony. The hotel itself met the same high standards with lovely restaurants, shops and pools. I do agree with some comments about the service it did vary massively. The pool attendants weren't very attentive and service in Blue orange was slow. I do have to say that however that these are minor faults and overall we had a lovely stay and would definitely recommend it to family and friends.	
Sep 24 2009 	Wonderful location Great hotel highly recommend!	We were mean't to be stopping at the sister hotel next door but we were upgraded to the Westin.We stopped for 7 nights half board.We had a beautiful room with everything you need. A little disappointing we didn't get a balcon/Terrace but I don't think we would have used it as it was very hot, even in the evening.The bed was exceptionally comfy and the room was well looked after by housekeeping. The Restaurant 'The Blue Orange' had a great selection of food, Chinese indian italian, etc. The chef's at each station were more than to cook anything you wanted. For a large complex outside the waiters look after you very well, drinks iced towels... much appreciated!My hubbie did the skiing thing at the Emirates Mall, and we highly recommend booking with the concierge the Skybar on level 26 at the Burj Al Arab (7* hotel).The staff in the reception were not overly helpful, we asked about a couple of things and they weren't really interested in helping. We also had a couple of issues with the bill but they were quickly rectified. Overall we really enjoyed the hotel and Dubai and we highly recommend it.	
Sep 23 2009 	I agree - not that great !!!!!	I totally agree with the last review........... it isn't that great !My partner and I just arrived back to the UK after a 10 day break at The Westin. The hotel has the potential to be fabulous but it doesn't have the atmosphere and the customer service really needs improving. We booked a Deluxe room and asked for an upgrade when we arrived but were told &quot;no&quot; as the hotel was fully booked. However when we arrived in our room &quot;we think&quot; it was an Executive room as it was on the Executive floor but this was not explained to us. Reading a previous review if this was the case then we could have taken advantage of the Executive facilities. We didn't as we weren't made aware.Our main concern with the hotel was the number of times incorrect charges were added to our bill. We had to constantly check the bill via the TV as meals and drinks were being added in error nearly every other day. We had to ring 4 times to complain about the mistakes and to get these removed. You really don't need this stress when on holiday. We were asked daily in the Blue Orange Restaurant if were were on half board but even though this was asked meals were added that shouldn't have been. The hotel needs a different system to be able to identify which customers have meals included and which don't as the current system just doesn't work !Some of the staff were great and can't do enough for you like - the guy who cleaned our room and the ice cream guy in the Blue Orange restaurant.We stayed at The Royal Meridien last year and although this is an older hotel they really know how to make you feel special and they go that extra mile.I was extremely disappointed at The Westin as I expected it to be bigger and better............but it wasn't. The building and the grounds are fabulous but there is something lacking. They just aren't organised and I would have thought that after so many errors we would have been offerred at least a free drink.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great visit to the Westin will definitely return	Stayed as a couple in the Westin Mina Seyahi early June and as we normally stay in the city when we visit Dubai (6th trip) this was a welcome change to be by the sea.The weather as usual was fantastic and the setting is very good. It looks across to the Palm area and at night time you can see the lights twinkling in the houses across the bay. The Atlantis Hotel is clearly visible also.The Hotel is very modern and we opted to upgrade to a suite on arrival (we had already booked an executive sea view room). The room was very large and we got a corner suite. They showed us the room beforehand so that we could make our decision which from their perspective is a good idea as we thought it was fantastic and we never would have opted to go back to a smaller option. The staff at the lounge reception were particularly helpful and friendly and could not do enough for us. They even sent us a very very large basket of fruit and some chocolates another day because they kept forgetting to deliver our newspaper each day to say sorry (it was also an anniversary for us so could have been for that also)The room consists of an entrance lobby, then a large lounge area with working desk, lots of couches and large TV, separate bathroom with toilet and sink attached. Then moving into the bedroom, large king size bed with large TV, table and chair etc. Moving into the dressing room then with large walk in wardrobe, safe, seated area and then into large bathroom with double shower, large bath, double sink and toilet.What more could you ask for? You will notice I use the word Large a lot as everything seemed to be big…..Could not fault all the services, cleanliness etc within the room or hotel. We both enjoyed the pool facilities every day and there were plenty of beds available and lots of space around the different pools. We used the adult pool and it was nice and quiet. Drinks service was quick and you could always find someone to take your order.Food – restaurants are all good – we enjoyed the Steakhouse (Hunters) the best, service was excellent and portions were very good. I decided to opt for a glass of red wine but was disappointed with the size I got only a quarter glass full and when we queried it we were told that the amount relates back to the number of glasses they need to get out of a bottle to cover the overall cost of a bottle!!! We felt they would have got double the amount into a glass and still been able to cover the cost but our server - she was not having any of it so we left it as the food subsequently was very good.The Italian (Bussola) was ok, not great portions and a bit stuffy but might suit others. We also tried the upstairs Italian which was more informal with only pizzas available, also good and reasonably priced, staff friendly and helpful.We also eat in the Spice Emporium (outside) and it was also great, lovely staff and well worth a visit if you are staying there. Exec Lounge was excellent with the service brilliant. Enjoyed the canapés in the evening with the free drink. We took advantage of the lovely barman offering to make us a different cocktail each evening and like some other guests did feel the effects when I stood up to leave! We had breakfast there also each morning as we tried the main restaurant and hated it. Full of hoards of people and not laid out well. Bread in one section and butter/jam miles away in another. Asked for tea 3 times before I finally got up myself and got it, never went back as a result. It’s much more civilised and calm in the lounge. We used the gym facilities also which are very good, we did not try the spa at all.We did not use the hotel cars for travelling into the city as they were too expensive in comparison to the ordinary taxis, if you are there on business am sure the cost is irrelevant but most of the people we saw there were on holidays and we resent paying over the odds for the same service, I know they are air conditioned and have a lovely driver in a uniform but double the cost of a normal cab is too much to ask your guests to pay. They will need to look at this costs going forward otherwise their drivers will be unemployed. The concierge was not happy with us whenever we asked for a taxi and after about 3 days he would ignore us when we came out as he knew that we would not take the car! In fact once he tried to get us into a car when the shuttle bus was there waiting to take us to the mall of the emirates which is where we told him we were going (our first night). The shuttle is fine going in as it is direct but on the return journey, be warned it is not direct and you take a roundabout route back to the hotel via a number of other hotels!! All in all a very good 8 day trip and we would definitely return as it is in a good location with excellent facilities and customer service is great.	
Sep 22 2009 	Not that great .....	I have used most of what a previous guest has entered due to the fact that they seem to be consistent and delivering bad customer service.The Westin hotel is really beautiful, it is had very well appointed large luxurious rooms and the Blue Orange restaurant that serves the buffett breakfast was fine with a variety for breakfast. However the thing my friend and I found disappointing was the lack of customer service.We arrived early at the hotel at 12.30 and our rooms were not ready, which we understood as check in was not until 3pm, we were told by the check-in person that our rooms would be ready at approx 3pm, he duly took my mobile number and advised he would call us when the room was ready. He advised us that we could use the pool, however no directions we given! By 15:00 we were still not called so we decided to continue with our holiday and enjoy the sunshine, we waited till 17.30 and as there was still no call we headed to reception to ask for an update on the room, keys were there waiting (no apology was offered for not calling) . We would expect a hotel of this calibre to make it's guests feel welcome, and give accurate information, we do not feel it is acceptable for a guest to be advised that they would receive a call and not deliver. On the note of the swimming pool, although the temperature in Dubai can reach over 45' the pool temperature is sub zero. It is so cold and with only 1 depth you have no choice but to go for it and freeze!We were also very disappointed at the over inflated prices that were quoted to us for the airport transfer at the end of our stay, we knew that a taxi transfer from the hotel to airport should cost in the region of AED 60 to 75, The Westin advised the charge would be AED 200, when my friend insisited upon using a regular taxi and not the hotel taxi , we were then offered the hotel taxi at AED80, a AED120 reduction on their original price, we just felt a little ripped off.The hotel is a substantial size, but in some ways it lacked some soul and atmosphere. Previous to my stay at the Westin, I had 2 nights at the Atlantis and to say there service is amazing does not give the credit! I have booked my next trip and will be going back to the Atlantis. We have stayed at other hotels in Dubai which even though were smaller, had a real friendly, customer focussed ambience about them which the Westin sadly lacked. Overall the hotel has a 5 star feel to it, but I have to admit I would be reluctant to return as I feel the customer service was greatly lacking, there were other things that were not quite right, such as in the restaurant where we were ignored when arriving at the desk and then told to stand in the corner until a table become available, although we could see many empty tables. Staff tried to take our food plates away before we had finished and I went to get some desert and when I returned my napkin and drink had gone??!! At breakfast we were asked if we would like tea or coffee which we did but had to go and ask for it again. We also noticed whilst at check-in that several guests were offered a small glass of drink and a cold towel, we were not offered a drink at check in, just a cold towel, the hotel was celebrating some sort of event by giving guests a black goody bag at check-in, we were not offered this. All these things that I mention , although small, make up a bigger picture of inconsistent service, which leaves me with an overall disappointed view of our stay here, and I would seriously question whether I would want a return visit there. If The Westin could focus some attention on a pro-active, consistent style of customer service where attention is paid to the smaller things, they could have an award winning establishment in my estimation.	
Sep 20 2009 	Wonderful stay!	We stayed here for 9 nights and i could easily have stayed another week!If it's relaxation you're after then this is the hotel for you. While we were there they were 95% full but you'd never know it. It was so peaceful! Check in: We'd booked a club executive room so were entitled to a free shuttle from the airport. This never turned up so we had to get a taxi. If this happens to you make sure you get a receipt as they cannot refund you without one! A slight downer to the beggining of our holiday but it all soon changed.Nadine checked us in at the dedicated club exec reception. We had a pot of tea while she sorted out all the formalities and gave us the info for the hotel. Our room wasn't ready so she showed us to the lounge were we had a much needed and delicious breakfast. We spent a few hours by the pool and by 12 we had a call to say our room was ready.Rooms: The first thing i said when we walked in was 'wow, look at the size of that bed!' They are huge and the most comfiest we've ever slept in! The rooms are perfect. We were on the 7th floor and had a large balcony with a sea view. Despite the heat we did sit out most nights with a drink watching the sun go down. There's a huge 42 inch TV on which you can read your messages and check up on your room bill. Air con could do with being a bit cooler. We had it on the lowest setting but were still hot at night. Bathrooms are amazing, the rainfall shower is huge as is the bath. The toilet is also seperate to the rest which is good. Toiletries are the Westin's own make and smell gorgeous! There's a mini bar stocked with soft drinks, wine, spirits etc. We bought our own from the supermarket as the prices were silly! We had a problem with glasses not being restocked and had to phone down a number of times for them to be replaced. The service express system is very good. One number for all your needs, Laundry, room service, reservations etc.. very handy.There's a hairdryer, iron, safe, shoe shining kit everything you would expect of a 5 star hotel really.Restaurants: We had breakfast most mornings in The Blue Orange as there is more choice than the exec lounge. Lovely breakfast, everything you could want. We had to wait a few times for a table though despite it not looking that busy. It seems the waitors spend most of their time serving tea, coffe and juice. Perhaps if they left the pots on the tables and had orange juice with the self serve juices it would give them more time.Hunters: Absolutely perfect steak! Ate here twice and on both occasions we weren't disappointed. Nanu served us both times, he is a credit to the restaurant. Very knowledgable.Spice Emporioum: Fantastic! Our favourite of the hotel reastaurants. A cross between a chinese and a Thai. Try the satay beef skewers, they're delicious!Bussola: Italian. Beautiful setting, right next to the pools. Food was ok, nothing that special. I had salmon which was lovely but the potato it was served on was way to salty for me.The club exec facilities are brilliant! Free soft drinks all day, (it was ramadan so that may include alcoholic drinks after this time), snacks between 12- 2, afternoon tea 3-5 and free alcoholic drinks and canapes 7-9. We made good use of this having afternoon tea most days and enjoying the free sparkling wine in the evenings. If you sit by the bar your glass will get topped up almost as soon as it's empty. Be careful though i left a few times feeling quite squiffy! :)Beach and pools: Never once had a problem getting a lounger despite the hotel being so busy. Pools are chilled to perfection! Sea is very warm at the moment and luckily we didn't see one jellyfish. Watersports are good, went out most days on the kayaks.There is a problem with ants around the loungers on the grass. Got bitten a good few times!Spa: I had a heavenly massage, hubby had a butterfly effect. Mine was total relaxation hubby's was more of a workout which is what he expected. Despite him feeling a bit bruised the following day he said he's never felt his muscles so loose in all his life! Gym looked well equipped and the jacuzzi area was fab.Go for the tour as you will get 50% of any treatment you book!Overall a lovely hotel, with very good facilities. Would we return? We're already looking for next year!If anyone has any questions please don't hesitate to ask.	
Sep 19 2009 	I didn't want to leave!	I stayed in the Westin, Dubai for one week in early September 2009 (during Ramadan) and simply loved it.I had chosen the hotel due to the pools, watersports and beach facilities as i was planning on spending a lot of time in those areas. There are three pools, a kiddies pool with covered sheet to protect from the sun and a little slide, the is a lap pool and alos a lagoon style pool which is very large with a couple of little 'islands' in it, this pool also has little pool bars at either end where you can order food/drinks.The beach is super and in the afternoon the water was so warm it was like stepping into the bath - lots of lifeguards everywhere and perfect white sand.The main lobby/atrium was great with loads of sitting space with wireless internet (this was at a cost - and i really hate having to pay for internet - it cost about £70 for the week) - there are two nice bars and several resturants (blue orange being great for buffet lunch - at about £30). Staff were very attentive and polite rooms were excellent, large with great bathroom (separate shower and bath), good balcony and view.It is located about 25 mins from the airport and 10 mons from the mall of the emirates.This hotel is not cheap but you definately get what you pay for - I would not hesistate to return. Only wished it was part of the SPG program to get additinal benefits.	
Sep 11 2009 	Average ... depends what you are looking for	I stayed here for 4 nights and then I went to Grover's House. There was a big difference between staying at the Westin and GH, even though the price difference was not that significant.After having 2 flights that were each over 7 hours (plus airport wait time) the only thing I wanted to do was relax. After arriving at the hotel at 10pm my room was not fully clean. I had to wait +30 minutes for them to clean it. I was going to leave but I decided to stay since I was so tired. Upon my initial 12 hours my AC was not working (had it on 18C and the room was blowing warm air). After complaining 3 times they finally moved me to another room but the improvement was not that significant (they were really busy so it took them a long time to find me a new room). Overall I think this hotel has an AC issue since my other room's AC was okay (had it on 20 and I usually sleep at 23/24). Also I did not have soap in my bathroom, so I'm not sure who's responsibility it was for me to have an unfinished room. The next day after coming back to my room, management apologized with a fruit basket and chocolate, so I thought that was sincere. I also left this in my comment card, so management knows about this.I thought the room was good. I booked a king bed but received 2 queens, so that was disappointing. The bed is very comfortable and the bathroom was very large. I liked the interior but GH was much nicer. The service was also good, but GH was better. The pool is very long and I liked the environment on the beach. It had a tropical atmosphere, which was nice. I wanted to do some water sports but did not have time. The only thing that disgusted me was the bug issue at the pool. I've never been to a pool that had ants crawling all over the grounds. Also no one gave me a menu while at the pool. I usually arrived at the pool at 5 so I'm unsure when there restaurant closes. But the workers were nice in setting up my chair at the pool. I had lounge access and I usually ate breakfast there. I thought the food was good and fresh. They had a great variety. I had lounge access at GH and I enjoyed the atmosphere a lot better than Westin's. It had more of an elegant atmosphere to it. Plus you can see the Palm and Atlantis hotel from the lounge and from the room (33 floor). I only used the lounge in the mornings so I can not describe the other events.I did not spend a lot of time at the hotel. I had family that took me out to see the city. I went to the restaurant buffet and the food was good. I enjoyed the variety of food. Everything was good besides the pastry's. The appearance was excellent but the taste was average. Initially I thought I enjoyed my stay but after going to GH it made my Westin stay average or just below it. In my opinion it depends what you are looking for. If you are a family or enjoy going to the pool then this hotel would be perfect. I enjoy more of an elegant atmosphere and that is why I enjoyed GH more than the Westin. I thought the appearance of the hotel was nice. There was a lot of crystal, but the atmosphere was not pleasant (lobby). The entrance had a giant glass chandelier, which was very nice (very impressed). GH did not have any service problems, but my Westin stay had a lot. When booking, I wanted a new hotel (therefore cleaner rooms). Room was great. I think it was by chance my service experience was poor at the Westin, but I do not think they are always like this. Dubai has so many hotels that you can stay at one each time.	
Sep 8 2009 	little piece of paradise	wow what can i say ,this hotel was fab from start to finishcheck in ........very quick and efficient , we were in our room within 10 minutes , cold drink and towel on arrival at reception the room ...........very very clean , well furnished and lit , huge &quot;heavenly bed&quot; was just that , very high thread count linen , was about 6-7 foot wide , we had a delux sea view room , lovely viewsbathroom ...again very very clean , well appointed bath and seperate shower and toilet , the bath was huge it has a shower attachment on it as well , good if you want to wash your hair , the shower .had two types , one rain shower and one power shower ,both fab , toiletries replenished every day , clean towels every day housekeeping .........very good , there is a make up room button on the console so you can choose your time when you want the room done , all always done when required , the balcony ......sliding patio doors from the room , very good at keeping noise out , had two wicker chairs and a small table on the balcony and a light , very hot to sit out in september , we did though ,great views of the pool area and atlantis in the distance, looked lovely at nightroom service .......very quick , reasonable prices and nice food , good choice on the menu, the trip was for my birthday and i got a lovely card and cake from the hotel , lovely surpriseblue orange for breakfast.......lovely spacious very clean room , good food choice ,the only gripe i had was hot food went cold very quickly , thought they could have done with a plate warmerhunter steak restaurant ......never had a steak like it , it was like cutting butter ..fab , lovely setting , bit pricey but worth it senyar bar .........again lovely room , great service , fab cockails , like every where in dubai alcohol is pricey , again worth it thoughpool area ..lovely grounds , very very clean , pool is freezing cold , you'll get a shock ! loads of sun lounges and umbrellas , be aware the sun is strong , make sure you use a high factor if you need to and wear a hat , it does help, got a swim up pool bar , milk shakes are to die for ,cold towels given out as well the beach .......once again very clean , the sea is hot like a bath , quite salty , great views life guards ........they are every where , very friendly and helpful , credit to the hotel the staff .........very helpful and friendly , always smiling , again credit to the hotel the spa .....beautiful setting , hubby had a massage called butterfly effect , never seen his skin like that in all the years i've know him ..smooth as a babies , did the spa tour so got the massage half price .......bargain check out ......very swift was done in 5 minutes , had pre booked airport transfer , was ready on timeall in all a great stay , the only thing i would change is , i would not up-grade to executive level , the bar had no atmosphere , so we only went once the hotel has a free shuttle bus to shop at the MOE and the dubai mall itself sends a bus round also free of charge , just ask for a time table , well worth going to see the fountains ,they are stunning this a fantastic hotel in an amazing setting , book it now ........i'm already looking to book for next year	
Sep 2 2009 	Cannot fault this place	A true 5 star experince rooms a amazing roomy,clean, Heaven bed that is very hard to get out of, service is amazing fresh complimentary water every few hours. Check in best yet,conceirge great in organising a night out. Everyone that works in this hotel a amazing! Really cannot fault this place highly recommend it..	
Aug 30 2009 	Wonderful wonderful wonderful!	After looking at many different hotels I decided to go with this one after reading Trip Advisor. One of the main reasons were the reviews about the beds &amp; oh my gosh they weren't lying the beds are divine!!!!On arrival, which was around 3am Dubai time, we were greeted by friendly informative Reception staff. We booked the holiday with Expedia &amp; even though our hotel transfer did not show at the airport the hotel happily paid for our Taxi. We upgraded our executive suite from a landview to a seaview at an extra £20.00 a night. A small price to pay to sit on your balcony &amp; look at the wonderous Arabian Gulf &amp; Atlantis Palm Hotel. It is worth doing Executive as we didn't know that as well as breakfast you could use the Executive lounge where at various times of the day you could sample the various sandwiches, salads, scones, petit four etc etc for no extra cost. Soft drinks were also served all day yet again no extra cost. The room was a joy, Almost like your own little studio within the hotel. The room was very spacious &amp; the bathroom wonderful. Walk in rainfall shower etc. The toilet was also housed in it's own little room complete with bidet. The bed was amazing wish I was still laying in it now.The beach was a short walk from the hotel. It was very clean &amp; beautiful. It was also quiet, this may be down to the fact that it was Ramadan, but believe me it didn't matter as the hotel still fully operated. At first we thought this may affect our holiday but it didn't. Alcoholic drinks were served between 7.30 &amp; 9pm but it was too hot to drink anyway.I was lucky enough to be taken to the Burj Al Arab, the 7* star hotel by my wonderful partner ( I have to put that as it was expensive.... HA, HA.), for lunch. The restaurant was on the 27th floor surrounded by glass overlooking the Arabian Gulf &amp; Palm Island. What can I say it was around £170 each for a 3 course al carte menu with tea &amp; coffee, but it was worth every penny. It was a great life experience.There is so much to write, but it would take to long. In short the hotel was great. The hotel staff are wonderful. In particular Nadine, Moses &amp; the Executive Lounge Staff were wonderful. They couldn't have accomodated us any more. They really made us feel special. We are not the type of people to go back to the same hotel again &amp; again, but we may make the exception this time. We highly recommend this hotel it was great.The only moan that we have was in the airport, maybe because we both have dreadlocks they searched my partner once &amp; then in another part of the airport they wanted to search him again. It was like they wanted to catch us with something. However, we protested about the second search &amp; were left alone. In the grand scheme of things we were lucky not to be cavity searched like Lily Allen &amp; her crew were. SMILE. x	
Aug 28 2009 	Yes Yes Yes	We stayed in the Westin for 9 nights from the pick up to the drop off we had a great time at the Westin. The food, service,gardens,pool area and the Staff fab.We would go again tomorrow !!!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Heavenly bedHeaveny hotelHeavenly stay!	My partner and i stayed here for 8 nights &amp; i will try summarise everything to give people a good idea what to expect..Here goes...Check in: I can understand the review which is entitle &quot;mixed feelings&quot; because our check in was a bit like hers. We arrived very early after a very pleasant flight with virgin atlantic.I had emailed ahead to request a check in at 8.30am but when we arrived at the hotel it was all go at reception. There was only 2 people manning the reception desk and they were swamped. We waited 10 minutes before being greeted by a very nice receptionist called Moses, no cold face clothe or cool juice which we are used to receiving in hotels in Dubai (Kempinski &amp; Palm Tree court both had a much better check in more appropriate for a 5 star hotel in Dubai!!) I think the explanation for this is purely due to the early arrival &amp; business of the receptionists because we passed by reception a few times later in the evening and saw people checking in,being served juice etc.. No big deal though &amp; Moses escorted us to the breakfast room &amp; informed us that as we were leaving early on our last day we could take our breakfast on arrival instead. We really appreciated this &amp; though they were full the night previous they very kindly got us checked in 2 hours later.Breakfast: One word EXCELLENT.Its served in Blue Orange which is the best buffet I have seen in a hotel yet.Great choice both for breakfast and dinner.Dinners: We ate in Hunters which is excellent. I dont eat meat but there are fish &amp; vegetarian options.Its expensive.We spent about €150.00 for 2 starters,2 mains &amp; 2 desserts,1 g&amp;t &amp; 2 soft drinks.Service impeccable &amp; the waiter proudly informed us that it was voted the best steakhouse in Dubai by time out mag.Only sorry we didnt have the time for a return trip. Bussola also very good (genuine Italian) but the pizzaria was closed :( Never mind we had pizza in Cirros Pmodoro over in the sister hotel the Le Meridien.Great cheap and cheerful! The asian in the hotel was also excellent but could have done with a bit more variety.Also expensive.We drank most nights in the Atrium and loved the big comfy sofas and cakes &amp; fresh juice.Reasonable value too. The poolside bar lacked atmosphere and always had ants crawling on the counters which put me off it.I know its outdoors but needed to be cleaned waay more frequently. Room service incidently is alot better than other hotels Ive tried.Its food from blue orange &amp; arrives quickly.Yum.Beach: Lovely and quiet.Never too busy.We spent all our time here rather than the pools which were busier &amp; 2 of them closed for maintainance. The main pool is huge and well tended.Towels provided &amp; all the staff at the pools/beach very warm &amp; welcoming.Spa: Small &amp; expensive but very intimate &amp; luxurious surrondings &amp; i had the best massage of my life..called the butterfly effect &amp; it certainly was worth the price. I got a card for a 40% discount which meant i only paid about €75.00. Look out for these off staff!In conclusion I had an excellent stay &amp; on check out we ordered a taxi &amp; were asked would we prefer a hotel car or regular taxi which was good to have the option. There are buses to the malls etc..and taxis are cheap. We would both recommend this hotel strongly. The surrondings are beautiful &amp; central,right next door to the royal mirage and with views of the atlantis and Burj. There is building going on around but it never intrudes on the beach or in you room. We stayed in a seview delux room and it was a joy to wake up and sit on the balcony. The hotel rooms are excellent by even the fussiest persons standards. The hotels new so everything is new &amp; all the rooms have large kingsized beds and are large in size with all the mod cons.The cleaners will clean the rooms any time &amp; always are around working hard but they all have time to greet you &amp; smile which makes the difference in a hotel. I would urge anyone thinking of staying in Dubai to stay here particularly if its your 1st visit. It will not disappoint!! In terms of location &amp; amenities it would be hard to beat! We are already planning our return.Thanks to all the staff who made it such an enjoyable 4th visit to Dubai!	
Aug 26 2009 	The best of the best in Dubai! 5-Star all the Way!	We stayed at the Westin for three days/nights before going onto the Maldives. The Westin was rated a 5-Star - it defintely was! Elegant, pristine, comfortable, with all the amenities you could want including a luxurious bathroom, giant king-sized bed, and views! Very generous sized rooms. We had a sea view room with a full balcony on the eighth floor. It was very hot in August - 106 F - but the room was extremely comfortable.The pool has an area stricly for kids and another section for adults only. The staff couldn't do enough for us or any of the other guests.	
Aug 24 2009 	amazing stay	When i first checked in i was given a room with no seaview because it was on the first floor, but the room was huge!! I asked to be moved to a room higher up to have a view of the ocean a couple of days later and was moved to a room that was a bit smaller but had a beautiful view. The room was clean and housekeeping tidy up your room any time of the day which is great because we were quite messy and woke up pretty late loolThe Blue Orange restaurant has amazing food but it's a bit pricey..Room service is great and quick..The pool is great with plenty of sunbeds. The sea was a bit closed off.Regarding location, it's pretty close to Atlantis and costs about 20-30 dirhams to get to the malls.Overall i spent 10 amazing days at this hotel and would recommend it to everybody.	
Aug 24 2009 	Amazing Hotel	From the moment we arrived we were impressed with this hotel and its staff. One of the best holiday's I have ever had , i just had a hard time getting my beer cold .. the mini fridge in the rooms is just not cold enough!!!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2009 	Absolutely Terrific	I always like to check out reviews about hotels before I stay and I did the same with the Westin. Most of the reviews I read were very positive so I decided to stay, well i certainly was not dissapointed. From the minute we landed and were picked up by the hotel transfer I knew I had made the right choice. The customer care of the staff at the door, reception and in fact the whole hotel was superb. We arrive at 11am but were still able to check in early which was a nice touch considering the long journey. We stayed in the Executive Suite with a lovely sea view. The grounds of the resort are excellent and has everything you need on site. The pools were great and the staff that were working around them were so helpful. There was an excellent gym in and outside of the hotel and my partner made full use of the spa facilities. What I really liked about the hotel was the effort the staff made to remember your name. Considering how many people they see it was a nice personal touch. I honestly cannot complain about anything to do with the hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	So relaxing	Second visit to this hotel and just as good if not better than last year.Stayed here for five nights after two nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Both hotels are very good but the Westin experience this year was great. Our 20 year old daughter chose this one as her favourite of the two. We arrived at noon and got our lovely room straight away. Check in guy was lovely and welcoming. We chose this hotel as we were getting free half board but when we arrived we were given complimentary full board (buy your own drinks)in the blue orange restaurant. This made our holiday as it meant we could relax around the hotel for longer during the day. You only need a small lunch anyway after big breakfasts.Food was just as good as last year.Think I prefered our room with two queen size beds this year as there is a better layout of the room with large mirror above desk for doing hair etc.There are a lot more tall buildings being contructed around the Westin this year but it did not spoil anything. I like the Westin as you can be on the beach beside the sea and still be close to the chilled pools to dip in for a swim. Did not really go in the sea. The sea was much hotter than last July - too hot to be refreshing and after seeing someone stung by jelly fish, I stuck to the pools from then on. There could have been warnings regarding jelly fish right beside the water as there was at Jumeirah beach Hotel. The only negative thing we experienced was that we ordered an early room service breakfast at reception for our last morning as we had an early start but it never arrived and we had to leave without any. When there are three adults in a room it is a bit annoying when only two bottles of water are left in your room and only two dressing gowns.Staff were all lovely and friendly, the buildings and grounds are beautiful and I would recommend this hotel for anyone.	
Aug 12 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	We arrived back from The Westin yesterday after a blissful 14 nights. We were on holiday with our 2 children aged 4 &amp; 6 and we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay.We have been to Dubai twice before and stayed at The Royal Mirage next door. We were a little worried that The Westin wouldn't be as nice, but there are pros and cons to both hotels and overall we were very pleased!The hotel staff especially the lifeguards were brilliant with the children. Mary in Blue Orange always had a smile for them and most of the Lifeguards knew their names by the time we left!The cost of food and drink was pricey, but we expected that, although it was the equivelent of £5 for a slush for the children round the pool, which could add up as they were brilliant at cooling us all down!We ate at all the restaurants and The Hunters was definately our favourite even though my husband doesn't eat beef! We had a 3 course meal with drinks included so got a bit tipsy for a change, given we didn't have to pay! The only downside to the hotel is the choice of kids meals which is the same menu in every restaurant (except Blue Orange buffet) day and evening, which meant our children got a bit bored. The Royal Mirage is much better as it offers childrens versions of the adult food so there is a bit of variation. Rooms are spacious and always clean and every member of staff we encountered was very friendly. We will definately stay there again!	
Aug 10 2009 	A really mixed view !	The Westin hotel is really beautiful, it is had very well appointed large luxurious rooms and the Blue Orange restaurant that serves the buffett breakfast is absolutely brilliant with an amazing variety for breakfast. However the thing my friend and I found disappointing was the lack of customer service.We arrived early at the hotel at 07.30 and our rooms were not ready, which we understood as our flight arrived so early, we were told by the check-in person that our rooms would be ready at approx 11.30, he duly took my mobile number and advised he would call us when the room was ready. We had breakfast in their restaurant, changed into our beach wear and headed to the pool. By 12.30 we were still not called so we waited till 1.30 and as there was still no call we headed to reception to ask for an update on the room, the same check in person advised that the rooms were being inspected by the room supervisor and it would be another 10-15 minutes (no apology was offered for the previous wrong time lines that he had advised) . We stayed in reception area, and a further 25 mins passed and no one advised us that the room was ready, so we once again headed back to the front desk to get another update, at which point another check-in person gave us the room key, once again no apology was offered for keeping us waiting. We would expect a hotel of this calibre to make it's guests feel welcome, and give accurate information, we do not feel it is acceptable for a guest to be advised that their room would be ready at a certain time only to have to have a room assigned 2.5 hours after the time they had promised. (also the hotel was clearly not full so why we could not be assigned an alternate room earlier we could not understand) We were also very disappointed at the over inflated prices that were quoted to us for the airport transfer at the end of our stay, we knew that a taxi transfer from the hotel to airport should cost in the region of AED 60 to 75, The Westin advised the charge would be AED 200, when my friend insisited upon using a regular taxi and not the hotel taxi , we were then offered the hotel taxi at AED80, a AED120 reduction on their original price, we just felt a little ripped off.The hotel is a substantial size, but in some ways it lacked some soul and atmosphere. We have stayed at other hotels in Dubai which even though were smaller, had a real friendly, customer focussed ambience about them which the Westin sadly lacked. On the staff's name badges, it displayed their passsion - look out for these as it was a quirky but nice touch. Overall the hotel has a 5 star feel to it, but I have to admit I would be reluctant to return as I feel the customer service was greatly lacking, there were other things that were not quite right, such as in the restaurant my friend had a cup of tea, then asked the waiter for a cup of hot chocolate, he had forgotten her order, so when she asked again for the hot chocolate, he poured the hot chocolate into the same tea cup that still had the dregs in it from the original cup of tea ! We also noticed whilst at check-in that several guests were offered a small glass of drink and a cold towel, we were not offered a drink at check in, just a cold towel, the hotel was celebrating some sort of event by giving guests a black goody bag at check-in, we were not offered this. All these things that I mention , although small, make up a bigger picture of inconsistent service, which leaves me with an overall disappointed view of our stay here, and I would seriously question whether I would want a return visit there. If The Westin could focus some attention on a pro-active, consistent style of customer service where attention is paid to the smaller things, they could have an award winning establishment. in my estimation.	
Aug 9 2009 	up there with the best	2nd visit to this hotel and its getting better and better - What we like about this hotel is the choice of restaurant outlets - the Asian restaurant was fantastic- one of the best Asian meal I've ever eaten. The Italian restaurant is suberb - one night we also ate in the upstairs pizzeria. My only criticism is that it would improve by increasing its choice of pizzas and starters as the menu is quite limited -although outside setting beautiful. The main restaurant Blue Orange is consistently good with a wide choice of food that changes nightly. The main highlight ironically was the only restaurant we never ate in on our last visit. Hunters Grill provided a fantastic setting and a great choice for carnivores - so good we went 2 nights in a row - the manager recognised this and came over with a complimentary glass of champagne - a lovely touchWe had booked a club room and on the first evening (even before setting foot in the lounge) we passed one of the lounge hosts in the main hotel corridor who stopped us and welcomed us back - considering the number of people she must see in and out of the lounge it was again a lovely touch and made us feel welcome - I think this person's name was Lalu.The lounge service was intuitively good - we never had to ask for a drink refill - there was always one being prepared - the only thing and it is a small thing - the canape selection consisted of too many sandwiches and not enough &quot;bites&quot;overall a great hotel and will be back	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful	Excellent hotel. I stayed for a week in May.Comfy beds. Beautiful surroundings. Great restuarants. Excellent staff. The list goes on. Everything about this hotel is perfect. Small point about the executive lounge, not much on offer in the way of snacks.Other hotels of the same calibre offer a much better selection and quantity of food.Not sure if I would bother to pay the extra again for this facility if I was not using the buisness centre.However I will return and I would urge you to pay the Westin a visit.	
Aug 1 2009 	Little paradise on earth	There is only one thing to say about this hotel - it is simply fantastic. We spent alot of time on the property. The hotel grounds were perfect for lazy days in the sun with the occasional dip in the pool. Staff was excellent and did everything to make the days perfect. The rooms are very nice. The bathroom nearly has the size of rooms in other hotels! They also have a nice balcony, where wWe really enjoyed breakfast in the morning and a drink in the afteroon. Perfect place for a romantic getaway. What my partner said when we when we checked out sums it all up: &quot;Bye little paradise on earth&quot;...	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel in April for three nights. I liked to much I have booked to come back in September for 15 nights. If you are thinking of booking this hotel, I would say go for it.The staff and service are excellent. Food is great. Pool are and beach are beautiful.Breakfast is great, with everything you could ask for on offer.My only negative would be the executive lounge. After paying extra for this facility I was a little disappointed by the snacks that were offered compared to other hotels of the same standard. I would like to see much more choice on offer, maybe crackers and cheese ,crisps and fresh fruit etc. Also as I am vegetarian I would like to see more vegetarian options on offer and for the sandwiches to be labelled to avoid me picking a meat option. Otherwise the lounge was great, lovely atmosphere and excellent staff.Don't let this put you off, as it was the only complaint that I had. You will definitely enjoy this hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	The service is truly impressive!	Having stayed recently at this hotel and enjoyed the Club Lounge facilities, I have to commend the butler staff, they are very professional and provide excellent and thoughtful service.The Huntsman Restaurant serves brilliant food and we were impressed by the selection of salts, (and the memory of the waitress!) you have to go yourself as words as not enough to describe this amazing experience !The Champagne dinner on Sunday evenings is well worth it too.But again and again it is the comfort of the beds that would keep bringing us back to the Westin again, you know what they say....................heavenly and it's true, the bed and linen are fabulously comfortable, the good 'sleeps' were very welcome.	
Jul 23 2009 	The 5-star experience!	This was our best holiday ever. We stayed in this magnificent 5star Westin resort for a week and we experienced most incredible service and facilities. All the staff in the hotel was very helpful &amp; well trained. The hotel was spotless, the restaurants beautifully designed. Room service superbe. The food in the hotel restaurant was surprisingly delicious. The experience was second to none. The spa ambiance was gorgeous but lacking trained personal. Also a bit disappointed on the beach front, the beach is closed in, water was poluted by boats and building works.	
Jul 21 2009 	A 5 Star hotel	Thi is a 5 star hotel with super location. Just return from a 10 days stay with my wife and one 7 years.We hade half board so we only eat at Orange restaurant. If you stay 10 night like us you will get little bord with the food becuse it is 85 - 90% same food every night. The pool area i super, kids pool 30C and the main pool 27C.The room was big and clean. We took a safari trip booked at the hotel, it's very funny but the Adventure Tours wasen't good at all(call Orient tours they are better). After 1h drive we stop at a gas station for 35min braek then after 10min drive a stop for picture for 20 min. After that the safari started. Watch out for the Hanna tattoo she can't draw. They say that we should be back at the hotel 20:45 but we arrive 22:15.I got sick(high fever) i called the hotel nurse and after 1h i got my medicine(super).They hade a very good kids meal at the pool.They even hade a adult only section at the pool witch is very good.The bar prices are low for a 5 star hotel in Dubai, last year we stayed att Habtoor Resort and it's was much moore expensive.Overall it's was a very good stay.	
Jul 19 2009 	How some things can change on year on!	This was our second stay at the Westin, having stayed there on our first ever trip to Dubai last July. We travelled with Virgin holidays transfers to the hotel at 7am went smoothly and we arrived shortly after 8am. We were welcomed with cold towels and lime juice at the front desk. We had booked a land view deluxe room and had hoped that as return guests to the hotel, starwood preferred guests we would have been lucky to be upgraded to a sea view. However the front desk were very stand offish and requrested a considerable premium for this. We kept the land view glad we had not paid the premium room located above main enterance - some road noise at weekend with cars racing however generally undisturbed. We were also travelling as virign frequent flyers in which benefits from virgin holiday ie: vouchers and free bottle of wine be provided on arrival. None of which was done - needed to request fortunately we took the brochure with us to confirm). The rooms remain well equipped and have heavenly beds, coffee machine and 42&quot; plasma, bathrobes and slippers, ironing board, safe mini bar ( which we requested be emptied to allow space for our own drinks). Our large balcony was filthy with sand and dust and some of the furniture was beginning to show wear and tear - chips on the dark furniture and some engrained stains on the shower and bathroom marble floor. The bathroom is fantastic very spacious rainforest shower towels changed twice a day. Our room was ready early however and given the hotel was much quieter than last year I would have been dissapointed had it not been after reading many other reviews.No free wifi internet as per previous year. Visited front desk again to request cleaning of balcony and enquire about internet. Staff again very stand offish particularly regarding wifi and we were promptly informed that we &quot;shouldn't have got free wifi last year either!&quot; and told to use business centre (30 minutes free access per day). Still waiting for staff to providing information requested about kids club - ended up accessing this ourselves the following day.Half board basis - excellent value although choice of seafood at a mealtime far less than last July. All tastes catered for . No individual bottles of fruit juice at breakfast. Water free at breakfast but 18 dirrham at evening meal. Service generally good although could be slow in serving hot drinks at breakfast. Fabulous facility at friday bruch - kids own area within blue orange - catered for separately. Also the provision of candly floss and pop corn! Arts and crafts, playstation, wii etc available to use allowing the adults to enjoy lunch- real bonus - special thanks to Mary inthe resturant and jonny for his pancakes. The package allowed us to choose either lunch or evening meal only in the blue orange. However speaking with other guests they were issued a letter advising them of credit for additional resturant (italian).Pool - Great location with plenty sun beds, towels and many many lifeguards who watche d everyones move making you feel very safe with children. Two swim up bars - one adults only. As per last year ice cold cloths were handed out twice daily however the fruit slushes were no where to be seen for the entire 10 days we were there. Lunch at the north pool bar was very overpriced for a light lunch but served everything from burger and chips to lovely salads which if you wished could be delivered to your sunbed. Drinks pricey as you would expect large beer 32 dirrhams and slush 25 dirraham. (expensive although in speaking to guests at other hotels in the area - reasonable).Desert Safari - We booked this through the hotel would recommend and cheaper than booking through virgin holidays. Discount offered. Collection and drop off at hotel, dune bashing, bbq, belly dancing, henna tattoos for the kids (or adults).Penguin Kids Club - WOW this made our daughters holiday and ours! The staff here are so attentive special thanks to Sam and Elizabeth and Naxima. Our daughter accessed this on a daily basis meeting lots of new friends. Children 7 years and over were offered watersports in addition to other activities- speed boat round the palm, kayaking, banana boat, waterpolo. In all cases Sam (animator for the club) took the small group of children out with a lifeguard. They even organised an additional banana boat ride as our daughter was travelling home before the timetabled one. Well equipped play ground connected to kids club. Many other activities available here too - movies, play station, arts crafts many of the girls had their hair braided. Snacks are provided for children who attend. The staff here go the extra mile for them.We had a very enjoyable holiday however some aspects of the Westin let the accommodation down, primarily Front Desk attitude It was disppointing that some things had changed from the previous year ie: lack of free wi fi. It is disspointing that you stay in a 5 * hotel and have to access a business centre for 30 minutes a day to use the internet or pay a huge premium and yet you can go to MacDonalds and eat a burger and surf the net free! There appears to be no consistency from front desk staff in their approach to clients whether they are offered upgrades or not. Some people were offered free upgrades from B&amp;B to half board on checking in, othered offered credit for other resturants and some who were booked into land view rooms given seaview. We we go back to Dubai - definately, would we go back to the westin? mmmm maybe try one of the other hotels in the same area next time.	
Jul 10 2009 	Beautiful hotel...wonderful holiday	This was our fourth trip to Dubai and we decided to stay full board at the Westin after hearing excellent reviews. We booked via NetFlights and we go an excellent deal to say the least!The hotel reception staff were very helpful on arrival, greeted with ice cold towels and lime water. We checked in quickly and were soon led to our beautiful sea view deluxe room (we only paid for non-sea view room)The room is spacious with an excellent bathroom including shower products etc. The beds were wonderful and the sheets so soft! The channels on the Plasma TV were excellent, and we did enjoy the electronic control panel for the lights etcBeing on full board we could eat as much as we liked in the Blue Orange restaurant. The food cannot be faulted, and the chefs were very friendly. However i would point out the number of times we had to ask for our drinks order...this did get a little annoying as by the time they brought out the drinks we had finished eating!!! Mary was very friendly :) The beach was wonderful with plenty of sun loungers. The service here was good although on occasion i did find myself having to walk around looking for an attendant to get me some ice but i may be being a little picky!The only negative aspect of the beach would have to be the notices regarding jellyfish. My cousin was badly stung by the jellyfish...which resulted in her being room bound for the next few days. At one point it looked as though she needed to go to hospital. The reason why i think this is an issue is because there is a TINY notice saying there are jellyfish, and people need to be made more aware. If we had known we NEVER would have gone in the sea. I know the hotel cannot &quot;scare&quot; people from going in the sea but we all agreed that the hotel should have made guests MORE aware.Apart from that i cannot fault the hotel and would definately return!!!	
Jul 8 2009 	"Heavenly" and thats not just the beds.	We stayed for the last week of June on a half board basis with our 16 year old son. We arrived at the hotel 8am thinking we would not be able to check in until later that afternoon but a room was available immediately. The room was spacious with a lovely large bathroom. Everyone from housekeeping down to the pool attendants were so friendly and just couldn't do enough for you. Food in the Blue Orange was exceptional as were all the staff. Prices in the hotel were very expensive - almost £6.00 for a small beer. Very well located for the shopp malls and water parks and taxi's are so cheap A 20 minute taxi ride cost around £8.00. The only negative point is that we booked through Virgin and our booking stated it was a honeymoon but there was no mention of this at the hotel but we didn't mention it because eberything else was so wonderful. Would definately stay again without hesitation.	
Jul 6 2009 	Affordable Luxury	I really couldn't fault this hotel. The rooms are spacious, the staff are brilliant, the food's good and pool and grounds are delightful. Drinks are expensive but they are everywhere in Dubai; you'll be paying around 6.50GBP for large beer.It was nice to walk out from the hotel towards the pool area and be met a member of staff who would run off and get your beach towels and come back and make up the sunbed for you. In the heat of the day (and it was hot!) the staff would come round handing out ice cold face cloths and then, later on, iced sorbets; wonderful!The front of house staff are very helpful in getting taxis or hotel cars and think nothing of standing in the oppressive heat trying to flag down a taxi.We got a good deal which included half board, just as well, because the main restaurant, the Blue Orange, charged around 40GBP each for dinner. This restaurant is self service for breakfast and dinner. It's clean and there is a huge variety of international dishes available every night.No fault of the hotel, but there was nowhere to walk outside; a bit like America, everyone drives everywhere. (And you wouldn't want to drive in Dubai!) Taxis are fairly cheap though and a half hour ride to the main shopping mall, the Dubai Mall, would cost around 8GBP.Our room looked out over the Jumierah Palm. We could see the Atlantis Hotel through the heat haze/builder's dust but not much of the Palm as this is just too far away and huge. The room has everything you could wish for; 40in Plasma, tea &amp; coffee making, king bed, great bathroom and nice towels (We had a job to get them in the suitcase! Only joking!)Dubai itself is just one big building site! Tower cranes everywhere and building work going on 24/7. Surprisingly, it didn't disturb us; sat around the pool, the speed boats were only things we could hear.There are some bargains but overall, Dubai is expensive. Expect to pay around 20% more than in the UK. Alcoholic drinks are available in the hotel complexes and the golf club (Emirates) but the prices are stupid!The new Dubai Mall is the biggest shopping centre in the world. Something like 1,300 shops. Outside it is the Burj Dubai, what will be the tallest building in the world, and a lake which, at night, has fountain shows similar to the ones at the Bellagio in Vegas (not as good though). The Mall of the Emirates (400 shops) is also worth going to. This has the ski slope inside it. Another Mall, or Souk, was the Medinat Jumierah. This is a modern version of a Souk built between two superb hotels. A maze of little one-man-band shops, but they don't hassle you like they do in the old town. It is here that you can take an Abra ride around the two hotels which overlook the Burj al Arab and see some real luxury! There are bars and restaurants here too.If you can get a good deal, the Westin is a great place to stay.	
Jul 5 2009 	Amazing	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for three nights this April, the only down side was that our stay was not long enough. I loved this hotel. Possible the best hotel I have ever stayed at. Decor is gorgeous. Breakfast is out of this world with many foods on offer. From reading previous reviews about the food being cold, I can honestly say that I never experienced this. Rooms are beautiful,very roomy and luxurious. The heavenly beds ensure the best sleep possible. If you are considering this hotel I would definitely encourage you to book. I myself have booked to return this September for two weeks.I can you assure you that you won't be disappointed with this hotel. Enjoy.	
Jul 3 2009 	Not quite 5* facilities	Overall this is a great hotel.Lovely, spacious room. Great food. Large pools. Friendly staff.But some aspects can still be improved. Our flight on to Maldives wasn't till very late, yet check out was at midday. In the hotel guide book in our room we read about shower and changing facilities available to guests on the 2nd floor. However, when we enquired about them at reception, 3 managers assured us this was not the case - so a 5* beach resort doesn't offer its guests with late flights changing facilities... very odd! So we had to use pool showers and public toilets to change - terrible experience!Also, restaurant service can be improved. Restaurants were never more than 30% occupied, yet sometimes we had to remind staff about our drink orders several times! And eventually drinks arrived after we've finished eating.Although it's a Westin, this hotel is not part of Starwood rewards program and as Gold members we didn't get any benefits.Also, this was our honeymoon and this was stated on our reservation. However, it wasn't reflected in the hotel's system when we arrived. Eventually they did bring us a bottle of red wine - not as special as other hotel offers to honeymooners.Also, hotel doesn't offer free internet access - it's quite expensive. Normally, access is free at hotels of this standard...Overall, it's a solid, American-style 5* resort. But don't expect any special touches. Staff are polite, but nothing else. Next time we will stay in a more traditional local 5* hotel, where staff really go out of their way to make you feel special.	
Jun 30 2009 	To put it very mild: Pleasantly surprised	Since January I am located in Bahrain and after a few weeks we decided we couldn't enjoy the weekends in Al Manama and decided to go to Dubai for the weekend and after that we went every weekend. Since my stay at Westin a week ago I have seen many, so called 5 stars hotels in Dubai. From Habtoor Grand, to Ritz Carlton, to Grosvernor House, Madinat Salam and Atlantis to mention a few. This time I booked through via Internet at Westin and I regret now that didn't find this hotel earlier.Despite I stayed in a lot of the so called 5 stars hotels in Dubai, we were afraid that this hotel was a downgrading. Our experience was the opposite and some hotels against twice the room rate should send some undercover guest to Westin to experience to exceptional professional attitude of the personal at the Westin. It doesn't matter who it was, the frontdesk manager, the pool boy, the guy that was cleaning in the middle of the night; all were very friendly, very help full and very polite. Never we experienced a person that was not happy to do his job in this hotel and every time we felt we were trully welcome.I was quite surprised by the front desk. I already encountered problems at the car rental at Dubai airport with my credit card (skimmed to the max) and explained this during check in. This was no problem for the hotel. They accepted the situation, checked me in and gave me a warm feeling that everything would be alright and that I could pay later.The rooms are already described in previous reviews and they are big compared to other hotels I stayed and very well equipped (complementary Nespresso machine), high standard of finishing and a superb bathroom.The poolside is beautiful and as the rest of the hotel, very clean and very well maintained. The odd shape of the pool is nice and different of what I have seen before in Dubai. The water is cooled down and is much cooler then the sea. This is fantastic and some hotels can take this as an example.The best service I encountered at the poolside at the side for the adults. We were laying down at the grass and the environment encouraged me to pop the question at my girlfriend that she was probably (for sure) was waiting for since a long, long time (for the curious people: her answer was yes). I will never forget this hotel anymore for the rest of my life. Especially that the barman at the pool allowed us to open our own bottle of champagne and he took care of the glasses and the ice. I know, this is very exceptinal and I am very great full to him that he allowed it.Of course this hotel has also a minor thing. Extension was not possible against the internet rate and I couldn't book for the next weekend in the hotel for the same reason. But this is minor issue and coming weekend we will be in this hotel again for sure.Thanks to the Westin and especially the people working there that made staying in this hotel an unforgettable experience.	
Jun 21 2009 	great hotel	have just returned from the westin, rooms clean and large , food good, we were on half board , meals are very expensive as are drinks a burger was £15 and bowl of chips almost a fiver, ton at the pool is great puts out your towels and moves beds for u , also brings cold towels, all the staff are friendly and helpful, we arrived at 8am and one of our two rooms were ready unfortunately there was a problem with the second room, and we did not get our two rooms then until 3pm, the hotel is in a great location and we couldnt fault it at all.	
Jun 14 2009 	Westin Hotel look no further for a fantstic hotel	I would just like to say that if anybody is looking for a really good hotel in Dubai the Westin is it, the staff are fantastic the hotel is exceptionally clean and the beds are the best I have ever slept in, in a hotel, it is situated right on the beach, I am going back again this month and this will be my 6th time at this hotel. I book with Alasdair from Destinology for all my holidays, he advises all the hotels that meet my criteria and he has never let me down yet, I always get a fantastic hotel for the best price so thank you Alasdair	
Jun 12 2009 	Absolutely Top Rate	Just back from a week at The Westin 01-08 June, after two nights at the Atlantis......This was our second trip after going last June too. We booked a full board package via Netflights, expecting it to be all meals in Blue Orange. When we checked in we discovered that our package actually enabled us to eat in any restauarant and included drinks with our meals(house wine &amp; spirits, draught beer and softs). We ate once in Hunters and had the most amazing steak with all the trimmings, a really top quality meal, twice in Spice Emporium......short rib green curry, jumbo prawns, beef satay, chicken parcels....ah wow wow wow. Once in Bussola again which was great and 3 nights in Blue Orange which I also think is excellent. We are still not sure if the package of dine round &amp; drinks was an upgrade or a mistake, but when I queried the bill several times in the week items charged where removed when queried, so top marks to the hotel for honouring.The resort is really good, lots of space, a sectioned off adults only area, a covered kids pool with small slide and two lifeguards. The beach is immaculate and has buckets and spades for the kids which is a nice touch. The sea is crystal clear and calm and at this time of year sooooo warm.Inside the hotel the granduer of the atrium and lobby is really smart, a pianist plays 7pm - 9pm adding a touch of serenity.The staff are really good too, especially Johhny the pancake man in Blue Orange, always smiling and happy, Raj the Bar Supervisor for North &amp; South Pool Bars, Kennedy the lifeguard.Anyone considering this hotel, i would strongly recommend it makes your shortlist, its a great property and we will no doubt return again.	
Jun 12 2009 	FANTASTIC - Hotel is just brilliant	Stayed at this hotel 2 weeks ago for 10 days and it was way beyond our expecatations. Our Executive Club room was spacious, clean and everything we would want. The Club area was just fabulous and a big thanks to Nadine and Armad who were so very helpful in booking restaurants/knowledge of Dubai/general requests that we had. The evenings were so peaceful and relaxing in the lounge. I would highly recommend it.Hunters Bar &amp; Grill - superb restaurant, fantastic menu, and even myself whom is a vegetarian they still catered for me whilst my husband enjoyed the steaks which he said were fantastic.Room Service - we had this twice and both times, the food was fantastic, the menu catered for our every need and was presented so well.Overall very impressed with this hotel and will definitely be returning again.....hopefully in December.	
Jun 12 2009 	Weekend in Dubai	This hotel is modern, spacious and has beautiful bedroom suites with stunning views. The staff are attentive and eager to make your stay as perfect as possible. We have stayed here twice for 2 weekends. Baristi Bar is a 3 minute walk down the beach in the sister hotel the Meridien Mina Seyahi which is on the same complex. The wine bar is lovely to chill out in and listen to live music while nibbling on a cheese plate that compliments your wine. The Pizza restaurant outside is relaxed and has a buzzing atmosphere with delicious pizzas. The pool is long and meandering and best of all has an adult only section! Lounge chairs on the grass under a tree and an umbrella are the best. Table service is also very good here. Dubai can be a bit bland with shopping malls and scorching sun but this hotel offers a great selection of bars, restaurants, and amenities including a lovely gym and spa. It's in a great location too - beside the Madinat souk, 10 minutes for Mall of the Emirates and 20 minutes for Dubai mall. I'll be back for another weekend break soon!	
Jun 9 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	The only hotel I’ve stayed in on previous trips to Dubai was Mina a’ Salam in the Madinat Jumeriah resort and have always had an amazing stay so was slightly nervous at what felt like down-grading to The Westin. I needn’t have worried. Our stay at The Westin was fantastic. We stayed for three nights over the Bank Holiday weekend in a Sea View Executive Club room. We arrived early Saturday morning and were greeted at the airport by a member of staff and taken to the hotel in a huge Mercedes car. We checked in at about 9am and unfortunately no room was available at that time. We had breakfast in the lounge and read the papers and were in our room by 10.30am. As mentioned in a previous report the room was very American but we expected this as it is an American brand so were more than happy with it. It was a good size with plenty of places to store clothes and a lovely huge bed. The view was fantastic over the hotel pool area and out to the sea with the Atlantis in the distance. The bathroom was exceptionally clean and the shower was perfect – you get both the waterfall shower head and a normal one. The only thing that was annoying was the light system. There’s a central control unit on the bedside table and you had to turn that on before you could turn the bathroom lights on. We nearly called reception to say we thought a fuse had blown! The pool area and beach were vast!! You could sit around the pool, a little further away on the grass area or on the beach. We particularly enjoyed the fact there was a separate area for adults which was more peaceful than the other side as it was fairly busy. We didn’t have any problems with service around the pool and the staff often brought around cold towels which were gratefully received. The executive lounge was very good. The breakfast was very well stocked – the pastries were amazing! We didn’t bother with afternoon tea so I can’t comment on that but the evening happy hour was much better than expected. They serve Processco rather than champagne but that isn’t a problem for us and every other drink was also available. Be warned about the Bellini’s though as they’re served with Archers rather than peach juice so are pretty potent! The evening snacks were also very good and it was difficult to not over indulge in them. The staff were exceptional, particularly Jay in the Executive Lounge. Each member of staff we encountered was very friendly and very helpful. We ate in Spice Emporium and Hunters while we were there and both served very good meals. If you go to Spice Emporium have the tasting menu – you wont be disappointed although you might find it difficult to move after. Sadly we went to Hunters on our last evening and had to rush off to the airport but the Australian Hanger Steaks were cooked to perfection. There were a few things that you could, if you’re a particularly hard to please person, be disappointed with if you wanted to. You were given your towels at the pool entrance and had to set up your beds yourself rather than an attendant fussing over you and doing it for you. The turndown service was only water and chocolate rather than added little “treats”. You are served Processco rather than champagne in the Executive Lounge. Overall we had an excellent stay and found the hotel far exceeded our expectations. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to friends and will definitely consider returning on our next trip to Dubai.	
Jun 5 2009 	Best holiday ever	This was the best holiday EVER! The hotel was amazing, the room was lovely, the bathroom was massive and the beds were really comfortable and big. We went on a half board basis which i would recommend as the food and drink is expensive. You can eat in any of the restaurants if you are half board and the food was out of this world, lots of selection and all cooked in front of you. The swimming pool was lovely and really big, it also has an adults only area which is good. The staff are very friendly and helpful and gave a very good service. I would recommend this hotel and we would certainly return.	
Jun 4 2009 	Returned to see a 5 star hotel not the one we attended last yaer	Returned to the Westin for 5 nights with a sea view and on half board thanks to the management taking our issues on board last year and asking us to return at there cost.The changes are as I would have expected, the standard of an exceptional 5 star has been achieved.The Westin has alot to offer, as you drive up it looks fantastic and when you walk in you get the feel of being somwhere special.The rooms are great, spacious and with great views over the sea, the heavenly bed is to die for. The thing that stood out for us this year was the level of care by the staff, I am sure that our room staff and the management were told to make our stay considerably better than last year which they did, but it was the staff that are not front line that made our holiday for us. Anatha and Hari down by the pool area, Kennedy the life guard who was attentive to everyone, Tun who I have got to say is one of the most amazing employees a company could have.. it was 48 degrees and that guy did not stand still he was always looking after everyone,and it wasnt like he was expecting a tip.. he never stayed stil long enough to take one. Johnny on the pancakes never stopped smiling and was always pleased to see you, the most incredible thing was alot of the staff remembered us from last year and were pleased to see us back... take time to speak to some of these people they lead very interesting lives and enjoy the chance to speak to you. This year was a breath of fresh air after the awful service we got last year, so I thank the Westin managment but especially the staff who are an asset to this hotel for making our 5 nights back at the Westin such a pleasure.The Westin is not cheap but you dont get quality for nothing.we will be returning and I would recommend this hotel.No visit to Dubai is complete if you dont do 2 things 1/ a visit to Caras jewellers where all the uk football stars go and Gary Linekar was in there the week before ask for Mayur he does some great deals, I bought a diamond ring for £1300 and have had it valued at £6500 and 2/ the sundowner jeep safari.. it is a must!!! Love Dubai and now love the Westin Mina Seyhai............	
Jun 4 2009 	Stunning hotel with great staff and amazing suite	My wife, child and I stayed here and after having stayed in a lots of true 5 star plus hotels were very pleased with it. We paid for a one bedroom suite which was absolutely gorgeous, clean and luxurious throughout. Dubai is expensive as was this hotel - but the child focus was quite surprising in a very positive way. The pools, beach and grounds are quite special...Only downside is location in my mind - Jumeriah Residence Walk was a lot of fun - but the hotels there are not as new.	
Jun 3 2009 	Amazing hotel	From the minute you step out of your transport you are greeted like someone special, the staff are efficent and very friendly and there never seems anything that they wouldn't do to help.The whole hotel in wonderful, we stayed in a deluxe room and what a room, extremley large and has everything that you could possible need for your stay. When you walk in the rooms you feel like you have booked the executive room because that's what it feels to stay in these rooms.The pool, the beach, the loungers, the staff are fantastic and I would recommed anyone to stay in this hotel.We stayed on a Bed and Breakfast board but did eat at the Italian restaurant on site and would go as far to say that this was the best meal we had in Dubai (and we ate at some very nice places).The staff are wonderful, the hotel is wonderful.Look forward to stopping here again. :)	
Jun 2 2009 	Loved the Westin............	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Westin and we loved every single minute of it!!!!!We arrived at the hotel at 8:30am so we weren't expecting a room to be ready for us, so we were quite pleased when we were told that they there was one available. However, we were advised that we may not want the room that was available as it was a ground floor room with no view!!!! As we had paid for a sea view room, Mahmood (Not sure if I've got the name quite right) obviously suspected that we would decline this room, but he still gave us the option anyway which was good. We declined the room and had a wait of a couple of hours until we got a fantastic room on the 5th floor, to which he showed us to personally. 11:00am wasn't bad considering check-in isn't actually until 3:00pm.The room was truly fantastic with everything we could possibly want - the Heavenly Bed, the Nespresso machine, mini bar, dressing gowns, slippers, superb bathroom and a balcony with a fantastic view out to the Palm and the Atlantis. In addition, there were always fresh bottles of mineral water in the room which I particularly liked - I think we were getting about 6 bottles a day!!!!The service throughout the stay was excellent from the staff at reception and concierge, to the staff in the restaurants and by the pool.The pool and garden area are amazing. We particularly liked the sunbeds on the grassy area as there always seemed to be a nice breeze. The winding pool was great - it would take us about 20 minutes to swim leisurely round it and there were never more than 10 or 15 people in it!!!! The waiters by the pool were very friendly and we never had any problems finding anyone to take our order. There was also a good supply of cold flannels coming round too when it got a bit too warm!!!! The prices by the pool weren't too bad - about £3 for a large bottle of water which came with ice and about £2.60 for a Diet Coke.The food in the Blue Orange buffet restaurant was fantastic and as other reviews have stated there was so much choice. Breakfast included omelette stations, a pancake station, cold meats, cheese, a huge bread and pastry selection, cooked breakfasts, both indian and arabic food, waffles and plenty of fruit and bottles of mineral water to take away. In the evenings there was the same amount of choice - pasta station, japanese noodle station, cooked meat and fish to order as well as indian, arabic, chinese and a fantastic dessert selection.Whilst we were there there was an offer on at Hunters steakhouse for 3 courses and unlimited champagne for about £70 a head. It sounds a lot but I thought it was well worth the money. The menu wasn't really restricted - I think the only things missing from the normal menu were lobster and a couple of the steaks (there were still about 7 cuts of steak to choose from). In addition, we also got about 8 glasses of champagne each during the meal which was far better than we imagined. Both the food and the service were excellent and I would really recommend the restaurant especially if the champagne offer is on!!!! We also ate at Bussola one night, which although it had a fantastic view, I would say it was average for the money - 2 courses each a bottle of wine cost us £75. Just a couple of tips to consider about the Westin and Dubai:- Our booking with Trailfinders included complimentary half board. When we checked in the hotel had no record of this and it was only because Mahmood mentioned about our rate being bed and breakfast only, that we queried this. As you still have to sign for dinner in the restaurant, I would recommend if you are on a similar deal to sort it when you check in. I'm not saying that the hotel wouldn't sort it upon checking out, but I think it would be more hassle!!!- Keep an eye out for promotions in the different bars and restaurants. You can get some good deals especially in May when went. For instance, we took advantage of the champagne meal in Hunters, Oeno at the Westin had a promotion on a Tuesday night whereby all women got 3 free glasses of champagne and there was a Sol lager promotion on at the Barasti Bar at the Meridien whereby it was half price.- If you're staying at the Westin or the Meridien, watch the sunset from the Barasti Bar. You can recline on the day beds or sun loungers listening to the DJ playing chill-out music and watch the sun go down over the Marina.- We booked through Trailfinders who arranged a transfer from the airport with Arabian Adventures. I think this cost about £70 for a return transfer but was well worth the money. We got met at the airport by a air-conditioned Audi which was fantastic following our less than luxurious BA flight!!!!! It was more expensive than a taxi but I wouldn't hesitate to do it again especially arriving early in a morning.- Make sure you go to Dubai Duty Free at the airport and buy some alcohol!!!! The drinks are pricey - £7 for a beer and about £10 for a cocktail, but there again, you could pay that easily in London or other places in Europe. As we had a balcony with a sea view, it was actually quite nice to sit on the balcony with a cold beer following a taxing day by the pool!!!!!All in all, we would recommend a stay at the Westin and to be honest, I don't think I would contemplate staying anywhere else!!!!!	
May 23 2009 	wonderful hotel for whole family	I've never bothered to leave a review about anything before as I'm chronically short of time but just felt I had to in this instance to show my appreciation to all the staff who took such good care of us when we were there for 6 nights over Easter. I was recommended this hotel by our travel agent (Paul at Dreamticket) and I'm really glad he did as we went to several hotels in the area and this was definitely one of my favourites. Very attentive, cheerful and polite staff all round from doormen to reception to concierge including waiters and general cleaning staff. Unfortunately I can no longer remember the names of individual staff I would have liked to single out except I think ? Raoul at reception. Special mention to the staff (especially Dilan and Elizabeth) who ran the children’s club as my 2 kids (aged 8 and 5) enjoyed it immensely despite initially refusing to go. My older daughter particularly enjoyed the snorkelling lessons and water sports. I don't think the pictures of the outside of the hotel do it justice as it's actually more impressive in real life. The public areas were generally beautiful and very clean with some impressive light fixtures. I'm particularly keen on hotels having nice, well maintained gardens and these do not disappoint. I far preferred the exterior to that of Burj al Arab which did nothing for me! Our room was lovely, particularly as we were upgraded from a deluxe seaview to a corner suite on our arrival which we all loved. Wonderful views from the balcony over the water and at night you could see the Atlantis hotel so worth the extra supplement. The shower in particular was wonderful, encouraging us to have 2-3 showers per day. Little nice touches such as bottles of water supplied twice daily and special Easter chocolates and assorted nuts and the children's activity packs were a useful distraction while the adults unpacked. The espresso machine provided great quality coffee!We stayed on a bed and breakfast package and greatly enjoyed the buffet breakfasts in the Blue Orange with enough choice from healthy to indulgent to suit adults and children alike. Also had enjoyable dinners at The Spice Emporium and Bussola although we also ate out at other hotels in Dubai. My one criticism would be the paucity of waiters around the pool area as I usually had to go to the bar myself to get drinks/snacks. Meals and drinks are quite expensive but this is normal for all the hotels (and indeed Malls) in the area. Only cheap drinks were in the souks and I would definitely recommend a trip out of the tourist areas to get a feel of local life. The pools were great and my daughters each had their favourite - the lap pool for my 5 year old as she could stand up in it and winding pool for my 9 year old. The pool loungers were adequate in number and we were always able to find at least 3 together even at mid-day. The beach was lovely although the sea was never as warm as the pools and you could occasionally sea little fish swimming in the shallows which greatly pleased the kids.	
May 18 2009 	Just great!	Because the hotel we initially booked was not finished (Amwaj Rotana resort at Dubai Marina) we rebooked to The Westin Dubai. We payed more for our stay in this hotel but we did not regret it for one minut. Ofcourse, there are always some things to complain about but the Westin is by fare the best 5* hotel we have been to. Staff is very friendly and helpfull. The breakfast is just great and we did not no where to start (international, english, arabian, indian ands lot's of fresh fruits etc..etc.) The rooms are clean and very comfortable with a nice boxspring bed and a nespresso machine. Garden, beach and pool are big, very clean and safe. One part is for families with children and the other part of the garden and pool is for people above 18 and is nice and quiet. Prices of dinner in the hotel restaurants are not always in balance. Same for the drinks, 1 small bottle of heineken costs 7 euro? We payed roundabout 9 euro for a cocktail at the poolbar but it tasted great and was served by a very very friendly Indonesian waiter!! There was just one part we did not like and that was the amount of Russian guests. They are loud, unfriendly and do not respect the hotels dress code. The Westin looses glamour because of these guests. For the rest......JUST GREAT. The hotel lays 5 minutes drive by taxi from Dubai Marina.After staying 2 weeks on the Seychelles we had a very nice stay in Dubai.And for shore we will go back.	
May 18 2009 	Getaway at Westin	We had gotten this hotel as a gift for our weekend. I had an amazing getaway with my family, probably the best ever in the last couple of years! The services provided were unbeatable.Apart from the neat ambience, crystal aura and luxurious interiors, the hotel also had many other facilities at our disposal such as state of the art rooms, steam and sauna facilities, wide variety of restaurants and cafes.Must say that if you are planning a holiday weekend to a hotel or a resort, Westin serves as more than one!!!JetPrivilege Membership No. 137434581	
May 11 2009 	Could do better	I had the misfortune to stay at the Westin shortly after it opened. I would mirror most of the comments made around that time. Staff poorly trained, desk staff quite rude, and did not really care that we did not have a good time, restaurants were apalling, and I think the least said about the rugby scrum for breakfast in the morning the better. This is NOT a 5* Hotel. To be fair to the Westin, although we had paid for the executive level rooms (for the sole reason of not being subject to transport café style queues for breakfast in the morning) this was not available when we arrived. Would have been nice if they had mentioned that before we travelled.On the plus side, the rooms were nice, however nothing would tempt me to return.	
May 6 2009 	Excellent as a 4 star hotel	Stayed in a standard sea view room with my spouse for 1 night in December 2008Positive points:-Great location in Dubai's scenic Mina Seyahi beach.-Attractive prices for a 5 star hotel.-Room spacious, modern, clean with nice terrace and view.-Great facilities such as pool, spa, fitness and business centres.-Good selection and value for room service menu.Negative points:-Rooms too standardized/modern and business-like. I expected a more traditional/classic touch given the hotel's impressive Arabic styled exterior architecture. It's comfortable but if I'm in Dubai, I'd rather go for one of their many classic themed hotels for a change.-Reception and other staff were not very helpful.-The lobby and shopping areas seemed dead and the hotel lifeless. Corridors almost like a hospital.	
May 4 2009 	Stylish beach hotel with fabulous beds	I only have to hear the word Westin to think &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;. Starwood's trademarked Heavenly Bed - umpteen layers of happiness (7 I think) - is a massive draw for me. I never sleep so well as in a Heavenly Bed. So when my boyfriend suggested the Westin I didn't have to think twice. Yes Please. This is a very chic and comfortable hotel; I really loved the bold design. We had a fab sea view room with a lovely bath and walk-in shower; very similar to the bathroom at the (more expensive) Madinat Jumeirah on my previous stay, in fact. We only stayed two nights (during the Comedy Festival which was taking place across the road) and spent one whole day cruising the beautiful &quot;fjords&quot; in Oman, so the only F&amp;B elements we sampled were salads by the pool (fine), and room service (great, especially the burger) plus some fantastic pina coladas at the swim-up bar. I would LOVE to have tried the Indian restaurant and the wine bar, in particular, but there simply wasn't time. The ladies' loo near the wine bar is gorgeous and has a full-time loo attendant (I always think this is a benchmark). The freeform lagoon-style pool is lovely, and there's also a lap pool for swimming lengths. My boyfriend was slightly irritated by the swimming lessons that were taking places while we lounged nearby, but we could easily have moved. As usual I regretted not having time to take advantage of the spa and gym facilities.Before arriving at the Westin I had noted comments on TripAdvisor regarding service at the pool. It took us a wee while to summon a waiter, but once he arrived he was totally brilliant and very attentive, considering he appeared to be the only one on duty. Our one major cavil with the Westin was that we were going onto Bab al Shams, so when the porter came to the room to collect our luggage we gave him the car valet tag and asked him to make sure the luggage went straight into the car. We arrived at Bab al Shams to discover this hadn't happened. We had no luggage (silly us for not checking). Luckily Bab al Shams is less than an hour's drive from the Westin, who sent the luggage on in a car (this took some considerable persuasion on the part of my charming and persuasive boyfriend). Had it been a three hour drive or longer, our stay at both hotels would have been severely marred. As it happened, we had some lunch, played croquet, had a massage (already booked) and then returned to our room to find our luggage there, so it was no big deal.	
May 2 2009 	AMAZING - absolutely worth every one of its 5 stars!!!!	Spent an AMAZING 7 nights at the Westin in April-09 on Easter holiday. Firstly, before I start can I say that the hotel is absolutely worth every one of its 5 stars. I totally disagree with previous reviews that say the hotel is not quite there - BELIEVE me it is!!!We are reasonably well travelled and have stayed in some of the 'leading hotels of the world' (the One and Only Reethi Rah Maldives and the Banyon Tree in Bangkok to name but two) and the Westin experience is certainly up there! We also stayed at the Jumeriah Beach 3 years ago (in an executive room) and in our opinion the Westin was superior on almost every level!We booked our Westin executive room on Expedia (receiving 40% discount) and certainly were not disappointed. The merc limo transfer (inc cold towels and water) that picked us up at the airport set the tone and standard for the week.Check in at the executive lounge was extremely efficient as was the service we received throughout our stay. We enjoyed the complimentary afternoon tea most days and certainly made the most of happy hour (6-8) every evening! The bar staff made sure the cocktails were free flowing and were quick to ask if another drink was required. Rooms are very large, well appointed and spotlessly clean. We enjoyed a seaview room with balcony that overlooked the Palm. Only minor gripe was no ipod dock facility to play ipod in room.I concur with the previous reviews about a QUALITY breakfast - so will not repeat how good this was - but will add this was the most extensive breakfast menu we have ever experienced.We ate in the Westin at Bussola and the Hunter's grill - quality of food and service was excellent (if a little expensive) but certainly no different in price to other 5* establishments we visited.We also ate at Pai Thai (Madinat Jumeriah) Timeout Dubai's 2009 most romantic? - overrated in our view but did enjoy the abra boat ride to the restaurant.We did enjoy an excellent meal at Frankies (Frankie Dettori / Marco Pierre White establishment) at the Marina. It is true that a couple of courses and a glass of wine will set you back c.£100 in each of the above - but there was no doubting the quality at Hunter's grill, Frankies or Bussola.The wine bar and cocktail bar attracted a young &amp; hip crowd on Wednesday and Thursdays with the godess promotion night and 2 for 1 offers. Clearly the Westin is one of the places to be seen for the discerning locals!Most days were spent at the pool (adult only area) and there was no issue with the availability of beds either by the pool or on the beach - space is not an issue at the Westin resort and it never felt overcrowded, even at full occupancy. Pool staff were polite and courteous and were eager to move beds and umbrellas when required. Would I recommend this hotel to others? - DEFINITELY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If / when I return to Dubai would I stay at the Westin again? ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 1 2009 	Relaxing 	Stayed for five nights in a deluxe sea view room with wife and two kids (9 &amp; 4). First impressions of hotel were very good with the grand reception area and a nice welcome from the boys on the door and the reception staff. We arrived at 8am and therefore our room was not yet available but were invited to take breakfast in the Blue Orange restaurant......great choice of all sorts of foods (including porridge to make us feel at home and lovely homemade smooothies). Special mention to Mary from Kenya who was very friendly and helpful.Room was ready by 1pm and we were very impressed with it. Nice entrance hall, two big double beds, huge flat screen TV (this had access to some internet pages (eg BBC news, sport), lovely big balcony looking out towards the Palm and the Atlantis Hotel in the distance and a nice big bathroom leading on to a big walk in shower which provided plenty of hot water. Bottle water provided on daily basis as well as chocolates. My wife especially liked the little espresso machine. Towels were replenished on daily basis in morning and sometimes also in evening if required. Nice spacious room and I would point out that this was only meant to be a standard room in the hotel.Facilities at hotel were great with both my wife and I using the gym in the hotel on regular basis. This was a well equipped gym with views out to the sea. There is also the Mina Seyahi Club which provides classes and a bigger gym at the far end of the Meridian which we only visited on last day after checking out of room to get a shower etc.The pools were great and the kids loved them. Tended to use the long snaking pool with the pool bar but there was also a nice lap pool and kids pool with shaded cover. Plenty of sunbeds in the grounds and a nice feature when the cold face towels were brought round every so often.Beach was nice also as very sandy and smooth and at this time of year not too hot underfoot. Sea was just a nice temperature. Again plenty of free sunbeds on the beach.Kids visited the Penguin club a couple of times and there was plenty to do there especially for the younger ones. Had both outdoor and indoor areas and so did not feel cramped at all.We generally ate out of the hotel as we were on a bed and breakfast rate although there are plenty of restaurants on site that all look very nice. Did try the buffet in the Blue Orange one night and it was fabulous. Having stuffed myself with curries and asian type foods I only then realised that there was a station where you could choose individual fillet steaks to be cooked.....heaven!!! Heaven for the kids was the desert section with wide choice of ice creams and all sorts of sweets and treats to put on the top.Only thing about eating out of the hotel was the lack of alcohol in restaurants not attached to hotels but that is the custom of the country. Had a couple of nice meals at a local restaurant called Reem al Bawardi on the Jumeriah Beach Road. Taxi from hotel about 25 dirhams (and restaurant on right hand side of road).The only negative about the hols was how expensive things were. Cheapest bottle of wine in hotel was £30 and soft drinks were about £5 each. Spirits were nearer £10. However this is partly down to the poor exchange rate (the dirham is linked to the US dollar) and from what I believe prices are similar in most of the hotels of similar stature to the Westin.All in all we loved our stay at the Westin and I would definitely choose it again if we were coming back to Dubai. Would think about a half board deal next time to take advantage of restaurants in the hotel.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great family holiday	Stayed at the Westin having watched it being built last year, when we were at the Mina next door. The two resorts work well together, allowing guests access to facilities from both hotels.We got a complimentary upgrade to the Executive Club, which was a nice touch. This allowed us free wi-fi, afternoon teas and a happy two hours from 1800-2000 which was an excellent way to start the evening. Hats off to all staff in the Exec Lounge for their attentiveness, with a special thank you to Mario.I would say that all staff members are enthusiastic and keen to help, but in line with other posters on the forum, I would say they are still on the learning curve to get up to 5-star status. Fortunately, they are doing the right things and it will come. The hotel has employed some excellent people who will lead by example and bring the Westin up to 5-stars in good time. Tips:Going fully inclusive plus was a smart move, given the recent hit on the exchange rate. As a guide, with lunch, dinner and drinks, we were signing off around £300/day for a family of four - this is not a cheap place to stay without a little upfront research.Food - Blue Orange is a great all-rounder and a big hit with the kids, who can eat as much or as little as they wish, of whatever food they wish. Our youngest lived on aromatic crispy duck for two weeks, with no ill effects. Special mention goes to Hansel, the Asst Restaurant Manager who is an absolute credit to the hotel. His attention to customer service was exactly what this hotel needs to encourage - truly excellent. The Blue Orange manager, Rita, was really helpful too.All the other restaurants within the Westin were well worth visiting. Spice Emporium and Hunters were great for adults - we would feed the kids at Blue Orange then have a later meal at one of these. Upstairs at Bussola was great as a family meal, with downstairs being a little more upmarket for the adults. The Dhow served great fish, but need to cut back on the starter portions. I had the most fantastic salmon as a starter, but there was just so much of it (easily 8oz, 250g) that I felt guilty at leaving half in order that I could still eat the main course.Facilities - The wiggly swimming pool is apparently the longest in UAE - I estimate it to be 250m long. It was a great pool all round. The beach was clean and lifeguards keep an eye on the sea and the pools. We took a speedboat ride around the palm to to the Burj-al-Arab which was a big hit - 700 DH for the four of us. The gym was good too, though I preferred to take my exercise in the pool.Rooms were large, very clean and kept that way.Overall, we had a great time and can honestly recommend the Westin to like-minded people. They are still working up from 4-star to 5-star but I believe they have the right attitude and the right people in place to make it work.	
Apr 17 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL - You will not be disappointed	We stayed at the Westin for 7 nights. I was travelling with my mother who is disabled and everyone at the hotel exceeded every expectation possible! From the moment you check in you feel at home, there is a very warm atmosphere and the staff are incredibly helpful and enhanced our stay.We had a sea view room with a balcony an upgrade that is well worth the money! Loved the idea of the adult area by the pool. Breakfast was fantastic with such a huge range of food it is difficult to decide what to eat! We had dinner included in our price and although we planned to dine out on a couple of evenings we found that the Orange Restaurant was so good that we dined in on every night. The selection of food is fantastic you can watch everything being hand made by the specialist chefs, who are also most helpful with their vast knowledge of food and very friendly! The hotel is immaculate rooms very spacious and spotless. Can I find fault, no, would I recommend this hotel absolutely! Thank you to all of the staff for their hard work who made our stay very special.	
Apr 16 2009 	Wonderful experience	Stayed in the hotel with husband, daughter, son-in-law and granddaughter aged 3 months. Friendly and thoughtful service, particularly for my daughter with her young daughter. Spacious bedroom, well appointed. Great location, and beach.	
Apr 13 2009 	Best Hotel!!!!!!	We stayed at the Westin Dubai for our honeymoon in August 08. It was beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Service was impeccable, the rooms were outstanding, the food was so tasty....it was great great great!	
Apr 4 2009 	Cold Welcome	The hotel is beautifully decorated and well taken care of. The room was lovely with a generous balcony and lovely sea view. The main problem was the welcome. We arrived with another couple, one of whom was our travel agent. We had prepaid for our stay and had the voucher with us. The woman at reception could not find the record of our reservation and treated us like criminals. She offered us no where to rest and said we would have to wait until she could find our reservation and said it would probably take several hours. She asked for a mobile phone number and said she would call when she located the reservation (she never did). I would have left but the romm was prepaid and was quite expensive. We went to the club floor, paid an additional $100 a night and by 5 pm they were able to assign us a room. The staff in the executive lounge is helpful and professional but the front desk is impossible. They have never apologized in any way but have sent us notice two days in advance to be sure to vacate our room by noon as any extension must be paid for. Most international flights leave Dubai after midnight so some sort of accomodation would be well apreciated by all guests. Also, although the fact that the hotel is a Westin and that is advertised from soap to robe to all literature, they do not participate in the Starwood points program. I would never stay here again as I prefer to spend my money where they appreciate my business.	
Apr 2 2009 	Good all round hotel great beach location. Service could be improved.	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 7 nights in an Executive room in March 09. Having stayed in the Grosvenor the last 3 years, it was with some intrepidation that we chose the Westin. Overall I would say that the Grosvenor wins hands down in terms of service, however the beach location and pool area being in the the sun all day probably swings it for us as we tend to use this most of the day.The pick up at the airport was a little confused. In previous years we have been met on arrival by someone, however there was noone to be seen and it is only that we knew where the Merdien desk was that we knew where to go. It seemed like they had no record of our arrival, desk having emailed the hotel directly. Having arrived early in the morning we were hoping for an early check in but this did not materialise and we checked in at 3pm which I guess is the official time. The room was lovely - spacious and with its own Nespresso machine for a great cup of coffee. As a previous reviewer has siad, the shower did seem to run hot and cold at times. The Executive lounge was great but I will be picky here (as I can only compare to the one in the Grosvenor) - evening drinks did not include champagne/sparkling wine and the &quot;Light Snacks&quot; between 12 and 2 consisted of a small glass of raw vegetables and a couple of bowls of M&amp;Ms and peanuts. If I were the hotel I would scrap this option as the Afternoon tea at 3-5 was great. Hats off to Mario (?) int e Executive lounge who was extremely attentive and helpful.The pool area was great - adults only part of the pool especially appreciated. Only down side was that the service around the pool for drinks was a little sporadic and you had to really make an effort to get someone's attention.We ate in Bussola (upstairs) a couple of times which is a great place for a relaxed pizza - much better than the pizza place in the Meriden next door. Gym was good - one in the Meriden looked even better but the Westin one did the trick!Overall, a good hotel, not quite the service you get from the Grosvenor but I think I would retrun to the Westin because of its loaction.	
Mar 30 2009 	Beautiful beautiful beautiful	My husband and I spent 9 days at the Westin Mina Seyahi in January. I have stayed at Westin's around the world and have always had pretty average experiences, but this hotel is OUTSTANDING. Our room was very roomy and clean, wonderfully comfortable bed, gorgeous spacious bathroom, great t.v. and dvd set-up - all in all - perfect. The grounds of the hotel are amazing, with great pools, comfy lounge chairs and excellent poolside service. The pool area was actually very tranquil and relaxing (which is rare in Dubai!) and has a great view of Atlantis and the Palm. As the hotel is new, everything is very modern and clean and in excellent condition. The restaurants are varied, but (as with all hotel restaurants in Dubai) pretty pricey. Tea and snacks in the main lobby are very good and it's a great location for people watching.Dubai is not a city that's set up for walking, so expect to take taxis everywhere from the hotel. Thankfully, taxis are fairly inexpensive. However, make sure you take a regular taxi and not the hotel cars, as they are about double the price.Other than the hotel, the highlights of Dubai for us were: sunrise hot air balloon ride over the desert, Ski Dubai, and tea at the Burj Al Arab. We loved Dubai and would definitely recommend it!	
Mar 23 2009 	Not quite 5 star	We have just returned from an 8 night stay at the Westin, which is a beautiful property. We stayed in an executive club room which was excellent, spacious and extremely comfortable beds and pillows! The staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful, the pool areas and grounds of the hotel are excellent, one of the pool areas is adult only, which is great when you aren't travelling with kids. The restaurants in the hotel are superb, although expensive, but the whole of Dubai seems to be expensive at the moment, so I don't think the hotel is any more expensive to eat in than any of the other 5 star hotels. We particularly enjoyed 2 meals at the Spice Emporium, the chef here is quite amazing in our opinion.The service around the pool area for drinks was a bit hit and miss, sometimes someone would walk by and ask if you wanted a drink and other times there would be no-one around for hours. The biggest negative for us were the bars. After dinner there was literally nowhere to go for a drink unless you want to listen to loud thumping music. The Wine Bar, the Martini Bar and the bar above Hunters all cater for outside visitors and not guests in my opinion. The Westin and Le Meridien next door share the same grounds and Le Meridien has a huge outside beach bar which, particulary on Thursday and Friday nights is heaving with youngsters, who were quite literally staggering around the grounds of both hotels. They also frequent the bars in the Westin before going next door to the Meridien. This is not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. In the past we have stayed at Jumeirah Beach, Mina S'Alam, Habtoor Grand and Royal Meridien and all these hotels have an ambient, relaxing bar for guests, especially if you want to sit outside, which is what we enjoy. Music I don't have a problem with but I don't want to feel like I'm having a night out with my 24 year old daughter!The Westin is a super hotel but this is something that I feel needs to be addressed. Several staff members that we spoke to did say that management were aware and were going to create a new bar area for guests .... I hope so.	
Mar 6 2009 	Truly Outstanding Property 	I struggled whether to give the Westin 4 or 5 Stars. It is definitely a step above 4 stars, especially in terms of the rooms and grounds, but service is not quite up to 5 stars yet. Hence, I would have given the hotel 4.5, but gave it the benefit of the doubt at 5 stars as 4.5 was not an option. We booked for 9 nights in February with our two children under 7. We had an executive room with two queen beds. Pick-up from the airport was ok. Most of the other 5 star hotels in Dubai had people waiting inside immigration for their guests or at least at baggage. For the Westin, you had to take your bags and go to a Meridien Mina Seyahi desk outside of the baggage area -- this was not clear to us when making our pick-up booking and the signage at the Dubai airport was not clear either. Once there, led to our SUV to take us to the hotel. The driver was good.Check-in at the executive lounge was excellent and quick -- less than 5 minutes. We were given very good tips about the property and about Dubai. The executive room was outstanding. It is modern and spotless clean. The two queen size beds were fantastic. The views from the balcony were great. Wifi worked flawlessly.The grounds at the hotel are truly outstanding. Very well maintained. We spent most mornings at the pool and beach and we loved them. Our 4 and 6 year old children liked the kids pool and the other two pools. They went to the kids club one day for a couple hours and liked it -- very good staff -- just so much to do in Dubai that we didn't let them go back even though they asked every day to go. Breakfast buffett was very good in executive lounge and downstairs in Blue and Orange Cafe. My only problem is that did not have some fresh fruit like strawberries, blueberries, and cut kiwi (you had to cut it yourself) that I would expect and is normal at other 5 stars. However, did have good Middle Eastern breakfast foods. We also at dinner at the hotel once and it was good. All meals and drinks were pricey , but in line with expectations at a 5 star hote. Service at breakfast and in the executive lounge was uneven. My guess is that they will have 5 star service in 6 months, but not quite there yet. Same for the pool lounge area, we often ordered lunch there and the service was ok, but not quite 5 star yet. I believe overall service is where the hotel needs to improve. I could give you loads of examples from not getting times correct on when different museums, etc. were open to mistakes on bills. The people seemed to be trying hard, but often didn't get it quite right at least not at 5 star hotel standards.We plan to go back to Dubai in February 2010 and may stay at the Westin. The property was unbelievable -- well designed and maintained. We will be visiting tripadvisor over the next year to see if they continue to improve the service. If the Westin does, we will stay there again. If not, we will try another hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great rooms great pools VFM questionable?	Just returned from a great week in Dubai, staying at the Westin with our son and two friends. Have been to Dubai before and was startled at the rapid changes to the skyline in just a couple of years - and also to the prices there. Think this may have been more to do with the sterling exchange rate.Found the rooms at the Westin, and the staff servicing them, excellent. As were the Business Centre staff. For the rest...let's say variable. Have to single out Duty Manager Nick as someone very helpful who tried to put both the requirements of the guest and the hotel to the fore.Due to the exchange rate, we found VFM lacking in the cost of the restaurants, and opted instead for the fab food to be found in the food courts of the Emirates Mall, and others.With the three of us wanting to go to Wild Wadi (and with our 6yr old being charged full adult rates), my tip would be to book into the Jumeirah Beach for 2 nights and gain free access to Wild Wadi and then transfer to the Westin. Surely the JB cannot be more than £120 per room per night more expensive?	
Feb 26 2009 	Some niggly problems but good overall	Having holidayed in Dubai off and on since 2003, this was the first time we stayed in a hotel that wasn't part of Jumeirah International's empire. We usually stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel but in order to travel with certain family members we had to go during half term week, so we decided to try The Westin as a (slightly) cheaper alternative to the JBH. We had eaten at Hunters Restaurant at The Westin during a recent stay at JBH (October 08) and had been impressed by what we could see of the hotel and the restaurant.So the 'niggles' for us were: the electronic control panel for the lights, air-con, etc in the room. What a palaver! Bring back good old fashioned switches please! I won't bore you with it all - suffice to say it's an unnecessary bit of 'boys-toys' gadgetry! Only 1 out of 3 telephones worked in the room for a few days, although these were eventually fixed. I know this isn't a great problem for most but there were 6 of us in 4 different rooms so there were times when we did need them and running to the loo (the only room with a working phone) was a bit of a pain! A member of our party also needed fast, reliable, internet access which was intermittent at best in his room, although the hotel did recompense him for this and let him plug his own laptop into the business centre system.Our shower had that annoying habit of running hot and cold during peak times. Come on Westin, this is a new, 5* hotel and if hotels much older, such as JBH, can work it out, how come your engineers can't?! The room... (I want to say chambermaids but as they're all men I can't really! What is the male equivalent of chambermaids anyway?!) ... staff were friendly and helpful but seemed to forget to refresh the silly little things like cotton wool. I know this sounds petty, but...Some of the female waiting staff in the lobby and Blue/Orange buffet restaurant were a little unfriendly and unhelpful. One waitress in Blue/Orange was very arrogant; almost as if our presence was a bit annoying, and the lobby waitresses were slow and didn't bother to let us know a certain item we'd ordered wasn't available. I don't think there were enough lobby staff on duty. I also caught lobby staff flicking each other with dusters. I'm all for mucking around but it's not the sort of impression I'd have thought the Westin would want, especially with the 5* hotels in Dubai fighting for business, particularly the potentially lucrative corporate business.The pool-side restaurant was good, although we did have to wait 45 minutes for one meal and it really wasn't busy. We got a bit annoyed that beach staff would just walk through our little enclave of 6 loungers in order to reach their destination slightly quicker than walking around us. Again, just a little touch of common courtesy here would do the trick.The beach and pools were great. The biggest, hugest plus for us was having part of the grassed area between the beach and pools (and part of the pool itself) being for adults only. There's nothing worse than itching to chastise someone else's screaming, whining, badly behaved kid is there?! We didn't have children with us and because of this nice touch on Westin's part, we didn't have the urge to discipline other peoples' children! Jumeirah could certainly learn from this. So to summarise; staff not quite there but friendly and helpful in the main, good food, niggles with rooms (equipment and refreshing of some items), quiet pool and lounging area great. And so to the BIG question... Would we go again? Yes! But with the pound weak and Dubai almost pricing itself out of the market (even Karama was expensive!), it's not going to happen in the near future.	
Feb 25 2009 	Beauty and the Beast	Almost acceptable location, if you don't mind overlooking the half completed 'palm'.Nice sandy beach, pretty clean sea.Obviously a lot of money has gone into this new property.HOWEVER:It has a totally lost identity.Neither a business hotel, nor a resort.Tries to be 'posh', but treats guests as if they were cheap package holidaymakers.Service at its two bars is pretty fine. But you would expect it at these prices.Restaurants try to be fancy, but totally fail in service, and the food quality is at best average.Non-caring service seems to let the whole experience down.On one occasion, our table was not cleared for so long, that we had to move tables!We also had the unfortunate experience of being there during an outside event rund at the hotel. It was most awful. We were left strangers in the hotel we were paying good money to stay. Unwelcome at some restuarants, and unable to move around without being harassed by over-aggressive guards. Talk about being made to feel unwelcome!Finally, if you are a Starwood SPG member be warned. You can't accumulate points, nor can you use your tier benefits. (Apparently, 'not an SPG hotel'!) Yet you get the SPG video loop in your in-room TV!!!Could be acceptable at a lesser location, at a much lesser price (esp food!).However, n a nutshell, not our top choice in the price/comfort/service band in Dubai!	
Feb 3 2009 	Incredible service beautiful hotel perfect location amazing food	We stayed with our 2 young children and simply could not fault this hotel. From the moment we checked in we were all made to feel welcome. Our room was large with two king size beds and very tastefully decorated with high quality furnishings. Believe the hype of the Heavenly Bed - not sure what the secret is but our children have never slept so well. Food and service at BlueOrange were amazing. The buffet food was easily the best of any similar 5* hotel that we have stayed - fresh, imaginative and cooked to perfection. Best of all was the service at the beach and pool - the staff (of which there are a lot) simply couldn't do enough for you and anticipated your needs in an unobstrusive way. Once the Westin Kids Club opens in the autumn it will be the perfect family destination. Can't recommend it enough (and I actively look for faults !)	
Jan 31 2009 	Beautiful Hotel!	I have just come back from our stay at the Westin and having read the reviews before I went I felt I should add my say!!We have been to Dubai several times on family holidays (staying at the Jumeirah Beach - our favourite, One and Only and Le Royal Meridian). We booked through Virgin and got a half board upgrade which made the holiday more affordable!All in all the our stay was very comfortable - the beds are by far their best feature (I'm currently trying to find out where I can purchase their pillows)!! The hotel is very new and contemporary with beautiful rooms and fabulous food - my husband is a chef and he was very complimentary of the buffet in the Blue Orange!Having stayed at hotels at the top end of the market - this hotel was slightly more reasonable - but did lack in great customer service and some of those little extras that would exceeded your expectations. We were not greeted with drinks and chocolates on arrival (there seems to be a little inconsistency here). They even messed our rooms up on check-in and late with our luggage.Once settled in everything was great. The kids club facilities were super - we have a 4 year old who went several times - he loved the bouncy castle!! The staff were very friendly and really did try!One thing I was very surprised at was the cost of everything!!! A pint of beer was over £6.00 and a glass of champagne was over £30 - boy have prices gone up in Dubai!! We luckily picked up lots of duty free which saved us a couple of hundred pounds!!I really do recommend this hotel as the building is stunning. We finished our stay at the Royal Meridian which looked a little tired and old fashioned compared to the Westin. Maybe in a year or so they will finally get the service right and it will be a truly a fantastic place to stay.	
Jan 30 2009 	WOW Amazing	WOW what amazing hotel i loved the city. Beautful views ovelooking jumeriah beach palm and the atlantis!Wonderful hotel its a very new hotel the rooms are impressive with an expensive mini bar but it is 5* Hotel. The restuarants were great choice and you can use the sister hotel next to it to try a fusion meal like heston type!I can recommend the excursions dune bashing, meal on the boat, sightseeing, the souks.The hotel is very clean and opulent i would definately go back with out a doubt.	
Jan 27 2009	Fabulous hotel	We stayed at the Westin Dubai Mina Seyahi beach resort. This hotel is only approximately 6 months old. We have stayed in Dubai before and stayed at the Jumeriah Beach, (The wave). The Westin is certainly on par with The Jumeriah Beach. The staff were very friendly and all extremely polite. The service was second to none.The food was absolutely fabulous. There were quite a few restaurants and the buffet restaurant, if you did not eat at the buffet restaurant and eat a la carte in one of the others you were given an allowance of 130 dirhams per person off the bill. To be honest the buffet was so good, so much variety you did not really need to eat elsewhere, although we did try the Dhow, which was really expensive, and not as good as the buffet.Although there was quite a bit of construction going on, we did not really hear much noise. Eating out was expensive and the cost of most items had vastly increased since our last visit 7 years ago but it was still enjoyable and will remain one of the best countries to visit for us. They really know how to look after you and cater for almost anything.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent Choice	I recently stayed in Dubai for a week and managed to get a really good deal on the Westin. I have stayed in nearly all of the hotels along the beach and found it to be very nice in deed.I had a nice delux sea view room which was very nice and better than most of the hotels looking for the same type of customer, ie Royal Mirage, le Merriden etc.The staff were faultless and food very nice in deed and not too expensive for Dubai hotel prices.The only problem i had was i had booked for 4 nights and wanted to change it to 6 once there, which they were unable to do at the same room rate, which was to increase from £300 to £800 per night! So i moved into the Burj, silly me ah!All i would say is if your looking for a 5 star lovely hotel and can get a decent rate you could not go wrong with the Westin.10/10 for the place.And to the manager if you read this, you should have let me stay 2 more nights!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed at The Westin recently, This was quite simply the best Hotel I have ever stayed in.Check in was quick &amp; friendly, Check out was even quicker.Customer service was excellent &amp; there was a superb variety of food on offer.The rooms were massive &amp; had everything you could want for a comfortable stay including 42&quot; plasma tv, bath &amp; separate shower area. the beach was very nice &amp; the pools were very clean with lots of lifeguards on duty.An electronic pad on the bedside table allowed you to operate lights &amp; air con at a touch of a button.I would not hesitate in reccomending this Hotel to anyone thinking of staying in Dubai.	
Jan 20 2009 	a little hotel with a lot of luxuries	We stopped here for a week at the beginning of January and it's a fabulous hotel.From the moment you enter the hotel you are treated like royalty. We were met by friendly staff who checked us in with ease and gave us lots of useful information on Dubai, places to see, visit etc.We did arrive early but this wasn't a problem. We had to wait about an hour so we had a walk around the grounds.The room was spotless and huge with excellent views of the Atlantis Hotel and harbour.The only down side was the bathroom. Event though it was clean and well stocked with towels, toiletries etc it could do with an update. I hate shower curtains, i think they are unhygeinic.The night porter who comes round with the towels and chocolates is a really nice touch. Also are the 2 bottles of water that are left every day once the rooms has been cleaned.If you are staying on half or full board the food is excellent. Everyday everything was very fresh with excellent choice. The sweets were to die for and i've left with an extra few pounds.You must try the cocktail bar in the Westin they're fab, pricy but well worth it.All in all a first class hotel that we will definatly be staying at again.Keep up the good work and superb standards.	
Jan 19 2009 	Service still needs some improvement	We stayed at the Westin for one night in late November. We were slightly nervous about it, as we had read the numerous negative comments about service quality on Tripadvisor. Although we didn’t have any major problems, I think it is fair to say that the Westin still has some service improvements to make.The limo pick-up at the airport went smoothly, and the courteous driver offered us cold towels and a bottle of water each. He was also thankfully a very safe driver, and the Mercedes people carrier was comfortable and immaculateCheck-in on arrival at the hotel seemed a little slow compared to other 5 star hotels but it was not a big issue. We were not offered any refreshments or even a seat, yet when we were checking out we noticed another newly arrived guest receiving such courtesies, so we are not sure why we didn’t receive them.The hotel itself is impressive in its construction, with plenty of high ceilings, marble etc., and in our view it is tastefully decorated. We were staying in a beach view 1 bedroom suite, and a member of the reception staff escorted us up to the suite. The suite was lovely and we were happy with it in every single way. It was spacious, nicely decorated and furnished, and finished to a high standard, something that has often been sacrificed in Dubai in the race to throw up buildings and hotels as quickly as possible. There was a lounge area with a dining table and balcony, a large flat screen TV, DVD player and surround sound system. A nice touch was the toilet off the lounge area. Doors led through to the large bedroom with a balcony. There was a flat screen TV and DVD player, coffee machine, a huge and ridiculously comfortable bed with decent linen, plus a bedside clock that doubled as the controls for the lights in the whole suite. Off the bedroom there was a wardrobe and dressing area, and off that was a very large bathroom with segregated shower and toilet rooms. The shower has a double head and was great, and the bath was fantastic, with tons of hot water and lovely just to soak in. There was one strange thing though – see the photo of the towel ring. We didn’t use any of the restaurants so cannot comment on them, and ditto the pool and other facilities. We arrived in the evening and were pretty tired, so we just ordered room service. We ordered the New York burger (huge and delicious) that came with fries and coleslaw, plus a side salad. The food was promptly delivered and was very nice. It was big enough to share quite easily.All of the above is good. Now for the service problems.In our experience, when you are shown to your room on arrival, the hotel staff normally make some effort to show you around the room and point out where everything is, how to operate things etc. The lady at the Westin literally said “Here is your suite” and walked away after about 10 seconds! This rather abrupt treatment didn’t seem a big issue until later on when we had hunted high and low for a hair dryer for my wife after a bath. We were forced to ring the hotel service line to find out where it was – it is hidden (literally) in a drawer in the housing of the bathroom sink. There is no handle on the drawer, and the design and contours of the wooden unit make it close to impossible to spot there is actually a drawer there – we had already looked in the bathroom. There is also no sticker or anything to indicate a hairdryer is there. Also, the TV in the lounge came with a Bose surround sound system, but we could not get it to work, and we were not inclined to call someone about it as we had sound from the TV. However, it seems pretty pointless the hotel spending money on such high-end items if the staff make no effort to show guests how to operate them. You expect more of an effort from staff in a 5 star hotel, especially with the higher than average number of gadgets there.We were expecting a parcel to be delivered to us on the evening we arrived, and we rang the service line to advise them. The lady, who proclaimed herself “delighted to help”, told me I needed to speak the concierge, and then cut the line without even offering to put me through. I spoke to the concierge who said they would check for the parcel and call me back. They didn’t call back. I called again and was promised another call back, which I got. Eventually we got the package OK the following morning.The final poor service issue came at check out. Again the process seemed slower than we have experienced at other hotels, and that was before the problem arose. The room and hotel transfer was pre-paid, so all we had to do was settle our incidentals bill. I told the receptionist this. Despite this, we were given a bill for the incidentals plus a 1050 Dirham charge for an airport transfer. At current rates this is about GBP 195 or USD 285, pretty steep for an airport transfer which we understand normally costs AED 150, which had already been paid for and which I had already told the receptionist about! To resolve this, the receptionist made a couple of phone calls and took 15 minutes. It’s a good job we weren’t in a hurry! The receptionist also managed to give us incorrect change when we paid for the incidentals in cash. He obviously wasn’t having one of his sharpest days. Summary – the hotel is impressive, the décor is tasteful, the suite was lovely, the mattress and bed were out of this world, but the service was not what is expected in 5 star hotels. These are just simple basics that are not difficult to get right with the right attention to detail, training and staff. With the global economic downturn, it is predicted the number of visitors to Dubai will drop. No doubt tourist and business visitor numbers will recover over time, but while times are tough, hotels are going to have to fight for customers. Customers look for a combination of price, facilities and service quality. The Westin is expensive, has great facilities and needs to improve its service standards somewhat. Our night there was complimentary. I doubt I would stay there again based solely on price, but the service niggles are an extra reason to think twice.	
Jan 17 2009 	Outstanding hotel	We booked this hotel through Virgin Travel on a B&amp;B basis and recived a free upgrade to Half board which was a bonus. We arrived at the hotel to be welcomed with a drink, cold towel and chocolates as we feeled out our room registrations etc. The decore and views of the reception and lobby were to a high standard and very impresive.We were taken to our room 302 which was a sea view deluxe room with balcony. We was absolutly amazed at the standard of the room. Equiped with a 42&quot; plasma tv, mini bar and draws full of snacks and aminitys, at a cost of course ! very high cost to be exact. i.e £9 for a jar of nuts.... A coffee machine which was free to use. The bathroom had 3 rooms, one being the show room with traditional shower and also a rain shower. Then the second room for the W/C and the main room with a sink and deep bath. The bedroom itself had a Heavenly bed and pillows which was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Balcony was large with a lovely view over the hotels pools and looking out to the sea with the atlantis hotel in the horzon.As we were half board and upgraded free, we was not expecting much for this, however I was extreamely suprised!! we was only allowed to eat in the one restraunt (The blue orange) but there was a excellent range of food to choose from, Thai , indian, griled meat counter, sea food ....... and deserts ..... well just look at my pictures.	
Jan 7 2009 	Hotel Exterior fooled me.. dissapointing	the hotel provided me with a nice sea view at an expensive price, i stayed there with my wife on Jan 1st for 1 night, just to try it out.. the room seemed pretty adequate, not really worth paying 3000 Aed nothing special about the bed nor decor and bathroom.Bathroom lacked ammenities, such as toothbrush shower gels etc.You cannot switch on the bathroom light unless you switch it on from the remote by the bedside table which is a really stupid thing when you wake up in the middle of the night.last but not least, check out time is at 12!!!! now this is a real down fall in service, they call you up to evacuate your room which is rude and un proffesional. we have stayed in many 5 star hotels around the world and never ever we have been faced by such appalling service.i wouldnt recommend the hotel yet i would recommend their beach its nice.then again go next door its got the same view at half the price,	
Jan 6 2009 	Cannot wait to go back!! Great hotel.	I took my wife &amp; two sons for a relaxing break and that is what we had. A great hotel very helpful and friendly staff, our room was big and very clean.The various pools out side were not overcrowded and well supervised.I was advised by the travel agent to go club executive it takes you up to half board and gives you a better standard of ammenities and proved to be great value for money.I do not normally take time out to do reviews but felt I had to let other people know how good this hotel is!PS.Thankyou Anand &amp; Nadine if you read this review may we all thank you again for making our holiday so special.Kind regardsD.James &amp; Family	
Dec 25 2008 	Fruit sushi for breakfast	We have just returned from 8 days in Dubai, of which we spent the first four at the Westin Mina Seyahi. Not to be confused with the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi next door; our taxi driver from the airport did not know the Westin was called &quot;MIna Seyahi&quot; as well.We is me, my wife, and our 2-yr old son.We arrived in the middle of the night, were welcomed with a refreshing towel and a drink and upgraded to a mini-suite (room 735). As far as I could tell, all rooms are sea-facing.One small glitch was that we were sure to have booked a package (Taste of Dubai) which included breakfast, but the lady at check-in denied this. We could not convince her, but made our way to our suite quickly to get some sleep.A spacious room, larger than we really need, as we would never book a suite normally. Large bathroom with bath and separate shower (of the &quot;rain-shower&quot; type). The suite had two large digital televisions, but we did not use them. We have read in an article on the Westin that you can supposedly operate the lights (and the curtains?) from your tv set...There was fresh fruit in the room every day, fresh chocolates, and attentive service throughout the day. We did not hear any noise from other guests, only faint music from the restaurant in the evening, but nothing that kept us out of our sleep.All rooms have wi-fi connectivity in principle, but the signal was weak in the room itself, so I had to put the computer in the lobby in order to have good reception (I was in Dubai for work as well as pleasure, so I needed a hotel with internet connectivity).The breakfast in the Blue Orange was great! Our room number was asked at entry, but no-one told us whether the breakfast was included or not. So we assumed it was...Really great buffet selection of hot and cold breakfast, eggs made to order, fruit sushi (see photo), waffles, really everything. The only thing we could wish for was a larger selection of cereals. Our son was treated really well by the staff, high chairs were available, juices and coffee served at the table.We spent the mornings at the pool and beach with our son. Lifeguards on duty from dusk till dawn. Various pools, including one area for adults only, a kids pool, and a lap pool. The pool was heated, which was great, because December in Dubai can even be a bit chilly when the sun is behind a cloud and there is a little wind. The beach does not really have any surf. It is a pity that the Palm Jumeirah (the artifical palm-shaped island group in the sea) also has high-rise buildings. You can see the Atlantis hotel on the horizon (what a ghastly design) and there is high-rise construction work going on closer by. But, you cannot hear the construction work, and it is not that close that it bothers you while at the beach or pool. All three of us loved the pools. The lifeguards and pool attendants were very friendly and helpful.One thing that surprised us throughout Dubai, and thus also at the Westin, was the mediocre quality of the food at lunch and dinner time. Quite bland taste and little creativity. We had a cod burger with wasabi mayonaise at the Westin for lunch, ordered from the &quot;grill&quot; section of the menu. The bread was indeed grilled (but cold), the cod was deep-fried (not grilled) and the mayonaise did not even have a hint of wasabi. Mind you, this is not particular to the Westin. We have had such disappointments throughout Dubai. Perhaps the Westin could differentiate itself by becoming one of the few hotels with tasty food...We had lunch at the Westin every day (because our son takes a nap in the afternoon) and we had dinner once, at the Italian (pizza) restaurant. The pizza was fine, although the waiter mixed up the order because there were two pizzas with similar names. For the other nights, we had dinner at the Mall of the Emirates, which is closeby, and once in &quot;old&quot; Dubai.The &quot;heavenly&quot; beds were good, service was great, we felt very secure at the hotel. At checkout unfortunately, we had another discussion about the breakfast which appeared on our bill. We settled it with a manager, who confirmed that it was indeed included in our package. What a pity that we had to argue about this both at check-in and at check-out.All in all, we had a very good time. This is one of the most expensive hotels we have stayed in, but it was a very relaxed stay with more luxury than we had wished for.	
Dec 23 2008 	5 Star but....	We stayed recently for a week.The staff were excellent pretty much all the time ; as a frequent global business traveller I can state that the rooms were kept in an immaculate state - the bathroom was spotless.That said a few things let the hotel down at $ 600 plus a night.The restaurants such as Hunters served the best fillet steak ever - beats Mortons any day but costs more at around £ 28 approx! A glass of wine in Senya (chardonnay which was almost undrinkable was £ 12 and on complaining to the duty hotel beverage manager wasnt taken off our bill....a small gesture would have gone a long way it wasnt about the money - the house wine was cheaper by 50% and better).There was a lack of signage for the desks on arrival in the lobby and generally you were left to find you own way around the hotel eg even the coffee shop in the main reception didnt have a sign so you were left to guess it 'was 'a cofffee shop -especially as coffee was £ 4 for a small take away cappucino - we arrived with jet lag and hated the sound of classical music from the main hall till 10pm - we are music lovers too and wondered why the hotel didnt close the double doors on every landing in front of the guests rooms.......... the chinese fusion food in spice emporium was very good and we ate there 3 or 4 nights......we didnt like the fact that the facilities were shared with the hotel next door and guests whod paid less 'enxt door' drifited into the Westin (better) beach area... nor the fact that the hotel had no shared beach for jogging etc (there were guards preventing us from walking into the next hotel's space)....the french manager in blue orange was 6 star and went out of his way - he is a star.the rooms are very good and spacious vv RC or Fours Seasons,Hilton.All in all we will return..... other small things... charging for Wifi is silly given what we paid for the rooms it should be free.....one of the bars were closed to guests for a private event with no notice,the half board menu was removed without notice and reverted to a credit per person per day - we d enjoyed the half board menus --- in Hunters one night the service was very poor and the manager apologised and said he was a hotel management student and his senior manager had been asked to manage a private function in the hotel...does this mean the paying guests are second class we thought...? Some of this is negative but the hotel is very good and will get better - the staff really get it and are fantastic.....thank you we will come back.	
Dec 23 2008 	King of the Castle of Resorts	I have been to Dubai many times before and stayed at all the hotels along Jemeriah Beach. The Westin opened in May 2008 and the additional features of the hotel opened 1st December 2008.The Hotel is very new with a modern / Venician feel to it. All rooms have fridges, 40&quot; Tvs, large bathrooms and tea and coffe e factilities.It doesnt matter whether you have a sea or land view as either is engulfed in Building work (not instrusive ) though.At presnt time the hotel is till on a soft opening and many offers are going around with netflights and destinology including free HBThe food is amazing in the main restuanrant which is buffet style for breakfast lunch and dinner. there are three other restaurants. Italina, steak house and Chineese. thesea re a little more pricey but again well worth the money.Yes the staff in all areas need a little polish but push them hard enough or ask what you want and you will get it.The beach arae is very nice, yes there is building work going on but thats Dubai for you !The beach has got better in the last 5 years with the building of the palm and has got alot bigger and wider. you can walk both left and right through to Le Meridien and One and Only resorts about a 500m stretch.The boat hire is current 700 DHS per hour and will take 5 people if you wnat to tours the Palm etcCoke, tea and soft drinks are £3 each in hotel.There are free newpapers in the hotel every day 3 are local to UAE and then there are English ones printed every day look in the attrium lobby area for theseThere is also free DVDs for hire from the business centre for your DVD/CD player in the room. There is internet in the business centre £10 per hour or free if you are &quot;quick&quot;There is free water bottled in the room 4 bottles a day but can also be collected at breakfast.There is a smart/casual dress code in the restauarants. just no swimwear reallyThere is a mini supermarket and pharmacy just outside the hotel though and there is a hotel FREE bus to Mall of Emirate and NEW Gold Souk. Here there ots of shops and supermarkets.Alcohol and cigarettes are alot cheaper in DUbai there is duty free at arrivals and this is best place for spirits and wines. However cigarettes are alot cheaper (£4 per 200) at the supermarkets.There is a double decker tour bus like the major cities of the world. This is £35 per 24 hours and includes free dhow tour and there are two routes a goo option to see all of Dubai at onceThe weather has changed alot in Dubai in the last 5 years. there is alot more rain/cloud since the hevay building work going on so expect cooler temps in the evening Gold is very expensive in Dubai at the moment (poor currency and credir crunch) it is 100 DHS per Gramm (including artists fee)Horse racing is on a Thursday night (free to watch ) or 70DHS for dedicated seat only, then 100DHS upwards for drinks and buffetI can tell you lots more about Dubai itself, weather, money changing, airlines, airports etc if you email meinterested20046@hotmail.com	
Dec 17 2008 	Luxury but at a price	The Westin is an impressive and luxurious place to stay if in Dubai for business or pleasure. Entrance and public areas are designed in a contemporary style and have a feel of real quality.Rooms are also very comfortable - in this case executive rooms - with a nice view of the hotel pools, beach and the palm mushrooming additional accommodation (can a palm mushroom?).Food in the hotel was excellent standard but pretty expensive all things considered.In Room internet access excellent.Staff friendly and efficient but not overly welcoming.One slight complaint was that some of the corridors felt out of keeping with the rest of the hotel - just not up to the same standards but nothing that would interfere significantly with the overall experience.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great start to our trip.	My girlfriend and i started a trip to Dubai, Thailand and the Maldives by spending the 2nd November to 6th November at the Westin. We'd originally booked to stay at a different hotel in the Deira area but changed to the Westin, at extra cost, a couple of months before we started our trip and we're so glad we did!After a long and tiring journey to Dubai overnight we arrived at 8a.m. to the grand and very impressive lobby area of the Westin to be checked in which was very swift. We'd booked a Deluxe Sea View with a kingsize bed but as it was so early one wasn't available. We were told that a room with 2 queensize beds was available right away so because my girlfriend was tired we decided to take it. The room we got was on the ground floor and was on the corner of the building and very impressive upon entering with excellent facilities and decoration and all the electrics were operated by a control panel on the telephone. When we opened the doors to the patio area we were slightly disappointed though. There were no boundaries to our outside area and no seating and after a few hours in our room we decided to contact reception to see if we could change rooms, especially when i noticed 2 hotel workers using our patio area to lie on some cardboard and shade from the sun! There was also building work going on down the side of the building near the room which also helped us decide to try and change rooms. This room must be available all the time because i can't see anyone being happy with it and the hotel must also see it as a thorn in it's side.It took over an hour and 3 calls to reception to finally get moved to a different room. I think we were forgotten about a few times but as it's still quite a new hotel i guess some of the staff are quite new too.Our new room was 632 and was miles better. Kingsize bed with excellent sea view with a private balcony with table and chairs.All the hotel facilities are fantastic. The breakfast's were always fresh and delicious and the staff are all friendly and cheerful especially the lads who go round the beach area on the golf carts with drinks. We had a meal at the Hunters Grill restaurant and it was superb!I know Dubai is an expensive place to drink etc but i think £7 for a bottle of beer while you're on the beach is still a bit steep and i noticed the price for a tub of cashew nuts in the room mini bar was touching £8.On our last day we were to check out at 12p.m. but we were not getting transported to the airport until midnight so we asked if we could have a late check out. We were told that to keep the room until 6p.m. would cost the equivilent of just over £280!!! Nearly £50 an hour!!! Obviously if i was on my own i'd have never considered paying this for the use of a room for 6 hours but because i was with my girlfriend and women like to have nice hair etc i was talked in to paying this quite extortionate ammount. I felt that the Westin were trying to drain me of even more of my hard earned money even though i'd just spent 3 nights there. Or maybe i was just stupid to pay it!?All in all the Westin is a fabulous hotel and can only get better the longer it is open but in my opinion it doesn't justify top marks purely through value for money.	
Nov 26 2008 	Seriosuly good!	Just back from 7 nights at this stunning hotel. Overall it is a great 5* hotel with all of the amenities you would expect. We were very concerned about the negative reviews prior to our stay so I emailed the hotel and was satisfied by the hotel manager that we would be well looked after. He gave his personal assurance and I am so pleased we trusted him. We had a fantastic break. Pros1. The rooms are a good size, superbly furnished and very clean. We were upgraded to a suite (room 735)2. Excellent wardrobe space with plenty of real coat hangers (not the annoying ones which are hooked on to the rings in the wardrobe). 3. Tea and coffee making facility in room. (Although we didn’t quite get the hang of how to sue it – all a bit too hi-tech for me)4. Fantastic large bathroom with full size bath, double sink, great power shower. Nice toiletries (Aigner) and plenty of them. I forgot my mouthwash and they gladly provided it . 5. Foyer - just amazing! WOW! Very luxurious and will be lovely place to sit down, read the papers, have a coffee once the work on Blue Orange finishes 6. The bars are great – Oeno has fantastic range of wines by the glass and a cheese room! 7. Breakfast was in the executive club lounge. Good choice of very well cooked items. 8. Restaurants – we ate at Bussola and Hunter’s Room &amp; Grill – both excellent with good service. (Must say we also tried to eat at The Spice Emporium but they mixed things up, my partner got stroppy so we left) 9. Very helpful concierge &amp; reception staff. I know a lot of people have found the reception staff particularly unfriendly but we never experienced that at all. 10. Comfortable ‘heavenly’ bed which was about the size of many hotel rooms!11. The swimming pool – just amazing. The photos do not do it justice. 12. Staff – everyone we met was friendly, polite and knowledgeable. Special mention to Leilu (hope I have spelled that correctly) in executive lounge who looked after us tirelessly and if they could bottle her enthusiasm and customer service skills – I’d give it to most of the customer service staff in the hotel industry in the UK. As for the senior staff, they are amazing – Ulrike and Mandy made our stay feel very relaxed – giving us tips where to go and going out of there way to get us further information and had it delivered to our room. Many thanks to them both. Cons1. The bars and restaurants are expensive – but I think provide good value when you consider the cost of building the hotel. Be prepared to spend a lot and you will not be disappointed. 2. The guests! This is not a criticism of the hotel really although I do think they could do more about it, but some of the guests are amazingly rude. The way some people treat the hotel, its staff and other guests was just appalling. The executive lounge is supposed to be adult only after 6pm (cocktails) and quests simply ignored the staff’s request for this to be upheld. Children were on roller skates, picking up canapés and then putting them back for other guests to eat one evening which was just unacceptable. I have mentioned I think the staff could do something about this but I think more particularly, the management should insist upon it. We had a meeting with the manager of the hotel about it because we felt our enjoyment of the facilities had been compromised to such a degree. The lounge is a fantastic bar and wonderful place for pre-dinner cocktails. Guests should respect that and not try to turn it into a playground. We have stayed at Grosvenor House (which is owned by the same group) and they would never have tolerated guests arriving in beachwear in the evening, children roller skating around etc in their club lounge. Finally, special and sincere thanks to Ko (Hotel Manager) for his time, his patience and his efforts to make our stay truly memorable. He succeeded admirably. Would I go back? Absolutely. Already looking at May 2009 but have to see if the £ holds up as it is getting pretty expensive over there!	
Nov 22 2008 	Excellent but not quite five star yet!	We are frequent travellers to Dubai and usually stay at the Jumeirah Beach but decided to sample the Westin for our trip in October. For the most part the hotel was excellent and gave five star service in many areas although I feel that it doesn't quite live up to the standards expected from some of the other hotels on Jumeirah Beach.We arrived at 2am and our check-in was processed extremely efficiently and we were allocated a sea view room which was large, clean and with all the facilities required for an enjoyable stay. There were some little 'niggles' which did become annoying as the week progressed such as our drinking glasses were removed each day and we had to contact housekeeping to bring new ones each time we wanted a drink!The staff were excellent and we couldn't fault the service, the beach/pool was first class with sunbeds readily available and the hotel facilities and general ambience create a feeling of serene calmness as soon as you enter. We ate in two restaurants in the evening, and although the food was excellent I felt that in comparison to other hotel restaurants, they were rather expensive (although this does take into account the changing exchange rate).I did miss some of the little touches that we have become used to at other hotels such as ice lollies around the pool, the hotel newsletter delivered each evening and the free newpapers in the morning. We greatly enjoyed our stay at the Westin and I would return again in a few years. On our next trip to Dubai we will be returning to the Jumeirah Beach as we prefer the location and also the access to Wild Wadi. When we were at the Westin the Blue Orange Restaurant was closed so there didn't appear to be a great choice for breakfast as we have been used to on previous trips to Dubai - the food that was available was of good quality but the service was a little slow.Overall, the hotel is stunning in appearance, spotlessly clean with very friendly staff however I feel that it has not yet reached the five star standards of some of the other hotels in the Jumeirah Beach area.As an addition, we also used Dubai taxis rather than the hotels own which were far more expensive however we had an early flight and had to book from the hotel at DOUBLE the cost of a Dubai taxi!	
Nov 20 2008 	FABULOUS HOTEL	We visited the westin for our annual childrens holiday and i can honestly say we had a fabulous time the hotel was beautifull service was excellent ,food was out of this world,the blue orange restaurant is something else just class,we have stayed @ the mina seyahi loads of times and always enjoyed fabulous times there staff are superb and nothing is to much trouble for them which is why the mina is one of our favourites mike scully and his team do an excellent job with customer care,we visit dubai 3 or 4 times a year for a relaxation break we have just returned this time we choose to stay @ habtoor grand mainly down to price i can assure you they need to take a leaf out of mike and his team on customer service !!!.you certainly will not go wrong staying @westin nor mina seyahi.Luigi F	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Rooms beach location.	Great hotel. I loved the spacious rooms and the bathroom is to die for! I wish I was back there :)	
Oct 26 2008 	heaven on earth	My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Westin Hotel Dubai recently due to his work .From the moment we boarded the plane I knew things were going to be great, but I never expected to be so totally overwhelmed by the whole experience when we arrived at the Westin Hotel.This is certainly the best hotel and resort we have ever stayed in and as we live in Spain we are used to the more relaxed way of live but it will never reach the standards we have found at this hotel.The staff are so friendly and helpful I almost wanted to give everyone a big hug to say Thank You!Hope one day we can go back and really appreciate it all again.FANTASTIC!Jenny Paling	
Oct 24 2008 	Loved it! Wish I was still there!	Stayed at the Westin for a week right at the end of September / beginning of October. 3 years ago we stayed at the Royal Meriedien and in March 2008 we stayed at the Meridien Mina Seyahi - both of which were very nice indeed BUT this is better than both of them! We noticed that a lot of the best staff from the Meridien Mina Seyahi (who we met in March) are now working at the Westin. The foyer is very impressive as just beyond reception there is a large light and airy Atrium with a glass roof. Everything is marble, there are comfortable chairs and sofas tastefully arranged around the edges and there is even a library of the latest books which guests can borrow. From about 6 till 10pm they have two ladies - one on the violin and one playing a baby grand piano providing lovely classical music.The whole hotel is opulent but tastefully designed - it's not over the top and garish like some of the hotels in Dubai.The bedrooms are large and luxurious and the bed is heavenly - crisp white cotton linen and light fluffy down duvet and pillows. Massive flat screen TV (I think you can also hire or borrow DVDs but we didn't bother). The bathroom is gorgeous - beautiful marble with proper bath and large separate shower and toilet behind glass doors (frosted on the loo).I read a review where someone complained about the food - are they mad? It was excellent (and I don't say that lightly - read my review on Ranveli Maldives - by the way don't ever go there!) The main buffet restaurant (which is called the blue and orange restaurant) was closed - not sure why it's taking so long to re-open) but we could either eat at the buffet in the conference rooms or have a set menu in Hunters Grill or The Spice Emporium or Bussola Italian restaurant. The set menu at Hunters was fabulous - had the most amazing tender beef for my main course that melted in the mouth. The Spice Emporium was lovely too - more Thai than Indian I would say. The service in both of them is excellent. Didn't try Bussola as couldn't get a table - it's so popular. I would book it at the beginning of the week next time. The conference room buffet had the most amazing array of choice - everything from sushi and dim sum to beef wellington (cooked to perfection and that's not easy) to beautiful whole baked fish, any sort of pasta you might like (cooked on the spot) and an array of hot dishes containg all sorts of fish meat and vegetables. It changes every night. There is also a varied collection of salads and different types of breads as well as a mind-boggling selection of fruit and puddings in tiny sample dishes so you can select several at once. I'm sure even a coeliac vegan would find something they liked! A bottle of wine is a bit pricey - cheapest is about 25 quid but very drinkable. (Cocktails in the Atrium funnily enough are quite reasonable.)The good thing about it being split between 3 of the conference rooms is that the rooms are quiet and civilized - I imagine the Blue and Orange restaurant will be quite noisy as it's large and open.My only complaint is that guests at the Westin may also eat at Waves (the buffet restaurant next door at the Mina Seyahi). We went there one night as we had enjoyed the food there very much in March. However we had a shock when we got there - it was more like Benidorm than Dubai! It seemed to be full of people (mostly German and Russian) in scruffy t shirts and shorts - there were even a couple of pushchairs with screaming kids in them. They had cut down drastically on the selection of food on offer - the sweet counter was about half what it used to be. The service was not good at Waves. Whereas the waiters used to pour the wine for you - this time it took them forever to bring it and then they just dumped it in an ice bucket and ran. There were a couple of members of staff that we recognised from last March who looked harassed and depressed and were gamely trying their best to manage what looked like new inexperienced staff. Awful. We really wished we hadn't bothered - we certainly stuck to the lovely Westin the rest of the week. It's certainly put me off ever staying at the Mina Seyahi again - even though we had liked it last time. I just thanked my lucky stars that we picked the Westin this time - and it was only a little bit more expensive. (We booked through BestAtDubai and got half board and a sea view room included in the deal).So yes I would definitely definitely DEFINITELY go to the Westin again - BUT only if I can get a good deal - because I have a feeling as it goes along it will be out of my price bracket.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fantastic 5 Star luxury	Travelled out for 4 nights late September, the hotel was very impressive, we had a seaview room with a balcony and it was one of the best rooms I have stayed in. The heavenly beds were fantastic and I had the best nights sleep. The bathroom was spotless and massive. The location was great, I travelled around and visited other hotels in the area ( was on a working holiday) but the westin was the best overall. You could always get a sunbed on the beach and the water in the sea was the warmest I have ever been in. The sales manager for the hotels was a really nice guy (russell) and was very helpful. I would definately recommend this hotel for couples and families, and I will be taking my family back there next year, as the weather is great. The shared facilities at both hotels were good especially bar barsi in the evening and not too pricey either. Will be recommending this hotel to all my customers, as could not faultstandard, food, rooms and location.	
Oct 19 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Just returned from a 10 day stay at the Westin with my husband and 9 yr old son on a bed and breakfast basis. After reading mixed reports on this site I was a liitle unsure what to expect, but we were absolutely amazed when we arrived at the hotel. Absolutely stunning hotel visually. We were met by very friendly staff who provided ice cold water, chocolates and a cold flannels on arrival. We were checked into our room very promptly but they had forgotten to put in an extra bed for our son, but apologised and swifly brought one to the room. The room itself was very spacious even with the extra bed, very clean, bottled water and ice in an ice bucket provided. We were on the 6th floor and our balcony looked out onto the pools, beach, palm etc. The bathroom had bath and sperate shower cubicle and toilet cubicle with marble everywhere, dressing gowns &amp; slippers provided. There is a free coffee maker in the room and chargeable mini bar and snacks which appeared a bit pricey! They will remove the contents of the mini bar on request if you which to use the chiller for you own drinks/snacks which we did.Each evening more complimentry bottles of water, ice and chocolates were left in our room. Half way through our stay my son was left a complimentry 'Westin Camel' on his bed.The Blue Orange restaurant is still closed sot he breakfast was either in the Spice Emporium or Hunters Grill, both served the same food, all very good buffet selection. One morning the food was a little cold though. We did eat most of our evening meals out, but did try the Hotel's Hunters Grill which served very good quality food and the most huge steaks! It also has a seperate kids menu for the younger ones or those kids who are fussy and prefer the nuggets or burger and chips!Travelling with a child we found that we could not drink in the hotel bars in the evening in the Westin. We could obviously have a drink in the restaurants with a meal, but were a bit restricted after. Although we could have perhaps ordered more drinks after our meal, and there was absolutely no pressure to leave our table, it didn't seem right to sit at a restaurant table just drinking. The only place we could have a drink was in Le Meridien's Barasti bar on the beach, which is really great from Sunday to Wednesday with big bed seats looking out to sea and suitable to take children as they can play in the floodlit sand. Be warned it is heaving and so busy Thursday to Saturday you have to fight your way through (drunken brits mostly I'm ashamed to say) to the bar and not really the place to take small children on those days.The location of the hotel is great. Only a 5 minute cab ride to the marina, which cost between 8-10 Dhs, and cabs where readily available. The Hotel has it's own private beach and has several swimming pools. The facilities of the westin and Le Meridien are shared so you can wonder between the two. Our son preferred the infinity pool in Le Merdien because it starts shallow and progresses deeper, whereas the long winding pool at the Westin was the same depth all round which was up to my neck when standing and well over my son's head which is fine if you are a confident swimmer. Both the Westin and Le Merdien have shaded childrens pools but it is more for toddlers and babies. There are pool bars serving both drinks and great food for lunch and early evening and swim up bars. You can even order food &amp; drinks sitting round the pool or even on the beach. Ice cold flannels where brought round the pool area a couple of times a day or more. If your feeling energetic you can hire sailing boats, kayaks, sail boards etc from the beach. The kayaks are free for half an hour. You can go water skiing or take an hour speed boat trip around the palm which I would definately recommend for 700 Dhs for up to 6 people. (you can take some great photos of Atlantis, Burj al Arab, coastline etc)The Westin kids club is still not open but my son joined Le Meridien kids club which is based between the two hotels. There were not many kids at the hotels when we were there but never the less the club still ran. I must say it was wonderful. The staff were extremely good and well trained, I felt completely happy leaving my son in their care. All staff were very frinedly and attentive with the kids. So many activities they can do from football, basketball, table tennis, snorkelling, sailing, banana boat to creative model making, dvd's even playstation! My son was the only child wanting to try snorkelling one day, so Sam &amp; Dillon took my son and even my husband joined the kids club that day and they took him! All in all a fantastic hotel and holiday. All the staff where great and we were waited on hand and foot, we couldn't even put our own beach towells on the sun loungers! I would definately recommend this hotel, and will be going back next year.	
Oct 15 2008 	Not a 5 star experiance	First trip to Dubai and first stay at a 5 star hotel so was really looking forward to the whole experiance. Dubai was fantastic but have to say was disappointed with The Westin as i was expecting 5 star treatment.LOCATION: Took us about 30mins to get there from the airport, the hotel is opposite the Media City in Dubai. I must say i was very impressed when we drove up to it, it definiatly has the wow factor on entrance.STAFF: Arrived early and got checked-in ok, thought staff were pleasant enough at front desk. Must say that nearly all the staff always had a smile on their face and would greet you with a hello which was nice. Also the staff who worked down at the poolside were very nice always making sure you were ok for drinks etc..Room service staff were abit hit and miss as twice they delivered us the wrong order which was fustrating.ROOMS: Was on the 3rd floor and had a balcony view over the pool &amp; the bay across dubai towards the Palms. They were big rooms with plenty of space and the bed's were very comfy. Nice bathroom as well with a big walk in shower and bath. The bathroom had toiletrees but i was abit disappointed as i expected something luxurious (being a 5 star) but it was just wee bottles of the Westin's own brand which were not very pleasnt. There was plenty of storage space for clothes etc.. Large screen tv but they had about 59 chanels with not much on, although they did show premiership football so i was glad of that. Laundry was changed daily although one of the dressing gowns we got was stained and we left it out to be cleaned but for some reason it was just hung up again still dirty so wasn't very happy about that.AMENITIES: Visited the gym which had all the basic equipment and also a jacuzzi, steam and sauna rooms. The hotel also had a spa but me or the girlfriend never got round to using it. They also had free internet access on about 6 computers in the business centre which came in handy. The pool area was very nice as there was an adult only section so you could stay away from any screaming kids and chill out, also for the hotel backing onto the beach it was handy for a dip into the sea if you fancied it.As for the bar's and restaurants we only ate twice in the hotel, once for breakfast which was ok except for the very watery scrambled eggs and then on our first night we had a buffet diner in the ballroom lounge which was terrible. The selection was poor and the food not very nice. I think the only thing we enjoyed were the sweets.To sum up the Westin is impressive when you arrive i could definatly state that but the time my girlfriend and i were their it was certainly let down by quite a few factors. We'll be looking to return to Dubai sometime propably to another hotel and will be anxious to see what that 5 star experiance is like.	
Oct 14 2008 	Amazing....WOW!	My husband and I have just returned from a 10 night stay at this most amazing hotel. We booked our holiday through Virgin Holidays (they were not to helpfull over the phone in the 'uk'), however from setting off from Heathrow Airport we could not fault their service. Good flight. A representive was at the Dubai airport even before we went through custom's. I didn't think things could get much better. Well I was so wrong! Private transfer was waiting for us once we collected our bags which was very quick. A pleasant journey to the Hotel.On arriving at the 'Westin'....WOW...WOW. factor. When you look around the Hotel it has to be a TRIPLE WOW! Just simply an AMAZING Hotel.Check in was quick and easy, however our room wasn't ready but we knew it wouldn't be. We used the Spa and within 1hour of arriving to the hotel our room was ready and to our delight we got an upgraded room due to the fact it was our 20th wedding anniversary. Again WOW!Im not going to go on to long and bore you with every small detail but what I will say is.........This hotel is a 5 STAR . We can always pick and find faults in anything we buy or do.....So I suggest don't look for them, 'We are all supposed to be on Holiday'. I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and this one BEATS THE LOT OF THEM.The food and all members of this team are just fantastic. The staff are truely there to make your holiday or short stay as perfect as possible and they really want 'US ' to be happy.Little touches, such as putting your beach towel on your sun lounger which they have carried for you to your selected area either around the poolside or on the beach to cleaning your sunglasses while you lazily sunbathe. Heaven!I viewed the Trip Advisor reference this Hotel many times after I paid for the holiday, and I was very very dissapointed with the remarks of others. I so wish I didn't waste my time worrying what the holiday was going to be like.....Because my Husband and I have just had the' Most Amazing and Best Hoilday EVER'!Sit back and just ENJOY..	
Oct 13 2008 	Fabulous room	Went to the 'Westin to celebrate my partners birthday. The room could not have been better, large balcony, beautiful bathroom, great views over looking the palm and the Atlantis Hotel in the distance. We had booked on a half board basis and when we arrived we were told that the Blue Orange restaurant had closed so we could either eat from a set menu in one of their other restaurants or walk to the Hotel next door for a buffet dinner. This all went well until a conference party booked into the hotel after which it seemed that communication between the staff really broke down. A couple of mornings we were told we could not eat breakfast in a particular restaurant as the conference party was there, and had to move to another one and on our last night after booking into Hunters restaurant, we were told that the set menu was off and that we would have to order from the al a carte menu but they would give us an allowance of 100 dhs per person against the cost, (not exactly what you would expect when you have paid for half board). Only other niggle was the taxis, we soon found out that the private taxis at the hotel cost around three times as much as the state taxis but they were happy to find us a state taxi once we refused to travel in theirs. Apart from this, the hotel is excellent, staff great, location perfect. Would not book half board there again though	
Oct 9 2008 	Staff were fantastic !!!	Me and my husband wanted to go somewhere special for our 10th Wedding Anniversay and decided on The Westin. We arrived at the hotel at 0300 hrs and we were greeted with a smile, cold towel and a cool refreshing drink. We were quickly shown to our room and given a quick tour of the room. I didn't think I would beable to sleep as I was so excited... the room was amazing, the bathroom was particulary luxourious, but as soon as my head hit the heavenly bed I was asleep!!!We were a bit unsure of where we should be eating our breakfast as the Blue Orange was closed, but we followed another couple (who were also a little lost) and we managed to find our way to The Spice Emporium. The breakfast here was ok, but I found the room a little dark and not very inviting for breakfast.After breakfast we made our way to the pool...the lifeguards and pool guys are excellent. The pool guys ensure you are comfortable and that your towel is straight! and the lifeguards make sure the the kids don't stray into the adult pool - very handy if you are looking for some peace and quiet.We were staying half board so we were told we could eat at Hunters, so we made our way their and we were shown to our seats and served a set menu. Ithought that we would be charged for this, but we wasn't, because the buffet was not available on our first day, however on our 2nd day there were signs directing us to the meeting room...it seemed a little strange to be having our Dinner in a meeting room, but the food was excellent!I am very well known for being a pudding queen and I was not disappointed !All in all I would say that the staff are very friendly and attentive without being intrusive and the food is excellent.I also like the fact that when you are by the pool, they bring cold towels, shot glasses of fruit slush, cucumber for your eyes, and ice cold bottle of water to spray on your face.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great hotel rude staff	Facts: We booked two rooms, one with king and other with 2 queens connected by a common hallway. Really comfortable beds and rollaway was even comfortable. Bathrooms with separate tub and shower, beautiful heavenly bath towels. Room service was fast and nice and I think they have one of the best kids menus in the city and nicely priced. My daughters got a huge bowl of mac and cheese and couldn't eat it all. The swimming pool and beah facilities are great with a lazy river pool, lap pool and children's pool. Beach and water sports - my daughter went on the donut ride for an extra 140 dhs and she had a lot of fun. Beach looks onto the palm island. Spa: booked a massage with the spa and then they said there was no appointment and manager was quite rude and ended up walking away. As a whole the staff was rude, untrained and it seemed they didn't like their job: from the front desk to the hostess for breakfast. But the hotel itself is amazing and I will definetly return hoping they train their staff better. As my husband said he won't return and pay that much for a room until their staff treats him as a valued customer.	
Oct 3 2008 	not 5 star service by a long shot	returned from the westin on 25 september having spent 5 nights there - first trip to dubai for myself and hubby and i would say the last - while we certainly did enjoy the time we spent there it is not a resort i would return to - the hotel itself looks fantastic both from the outside and also the common areas and rooms are fabulous but the staff are lacking that little bit extra with the exception of birendra in senyar who we have already made a booking with to take us trekking in nepal ( his home country) next year!!!We have visited most major far eastern countries and the service we have received in hong kong and singapore far exceeds that which we paid for in dubai - in fact you could almost say we feel ripped off - the food in the hotel was nearly always cold, restaurant staff were incapable of setting tables or remembering orders for coffee or butter - we had the misfortune of having dinner in waves at the meridien next door on the thursday night and the duty manager there should without question be sacked - she was taking bookings for tables and making people wait while her waiting staff simply led people straight to tables who had just walked in - i actually overheard her say she didn't know what she was doing and things were out of control - believe me the restaurant was busy but not exceptionally so!!!I feel that for the prices the westin expect people to pay they are overcharging an extortianate amount - if i had made a booking here with hindsight i would change if it was possible to do so but if not just go and enjoy yourself bearing the above points in mind.	
Oct 2 2008 	Wow loved the westin dubai	First time in Dubai, and was not sure if I had picked the right hotel after some of the reviews I had read on this site. But surfice to say, myself and hubby had a great time at this hotel. From the hotel car picking us up from the airport and the driver handing us cold water and cold towels (much appreciated), to checking in (smooth as you like), to being escorted to our room and given a quick mini tour of the room. The very friendly staff (pool/restaurant/housekeeping/and yes reception, all went out of their way to help and advice if needed, always with a smile). Although the Blue Orange Restaurant was closed due to the floor being relaid, The breakfast in the Spice Emorium, was great, a hugh choice from fresh made pancakes/omlettes, to a full english breakfast! and the usual contintental breakfast.While in Dubai we visited other hotels, where we had friends/family staying, and looking at their hotel pools, I can honestly say, I think that the Westin has one of the best beach/pool area. The pool staff are lovely and although always on hand if needed they were never intrusive. We found the pool/beach area so relaxing that we never wanted to leave the hotel in day light!.The room (on the 7th floor) also was just right, we had a hugh balcony (I would say 10ft x 10ft square) which over looked the beach/pool area, turndown service every night. Bathroom great a lovely deep bath and a seperate rainforest shower.All in all I think I made the right choice picking this hotel, and would recommend the hotel without a doubt.	
Oct 2 2008 	Really nice 1 night stay	We're starwood privilege card holders and received lowest rate for 1930 dirhams for each room and we booked two connecting rooms, 1 king and the other with 2 queens. They are not connected directly but through a private common hallway double doorway which closes in addition to the room door. My husband slept on a rollaway in the 2 queen beds with my two teenage daughters so they would be safe, while my youngest and I slept in the other bedroom. Quite high tech rooms wiith universal remotes and nice flat screen tvs. Bath and shower both in bathroom and separate. Westin beds are great as usual and rollaway was quite nice and they didn't charge extra for it. Their swimming pools and water sports are excellent. My daughter did the donut ride, which cost an extra 140 dirhams and later on swam in the huge lazy river. They also have a lap pool., a nice baby pool. The beach looks onto the palm island jumeirah, which is a man made island in the ocean that is in the shape of a palm tree. The amazing Atlantis hotel you can see in the background. We also ate a nice room service lunch before venturing out to the beach. Huge portions for the children from the children's menu, which was really the most reasonably priced kids menu I've seen. My daughter has a massage booked with the spa tomorrow and I saw that paraffin hand and foot treatments were only 50 dhs, which is a really great rate. The staff is obviously new and they need a while to be trained but all in all we had a really great time here and will definetly come back.	
Oct 1 2008 	Loved The Westin	This is a great property, with very friendly staff. The food is fabulous and the half board buffet fabulous. The rooms are very spacious and the heavenly beds are very comfortable.The security in the hotel was at a high standard, we felt very safe and knew our children were safe. The kids club was great and other services were too.	
Sep 28 2008 	Fabulous..............	We have just returned following a 5 night stay between the 20th and 25th September.The holiday was booked as a &quot;girlie&quot; trip for myself and friend who are celebrating our 50th birthdays this year.This is the first visit to Dubai and won't be the last! We booked this hotel as it was new, and the previews inmpressed.As we were visiting during Ramadan, I did email the hotel before our trip as I wanted to check on local customs. The hotel replied immediately with some helpful information and some do's and dont's, which we found very useful.On arrival, the hotel is very impressive and we were greeted with a warm friendly smile.. Check in was straight forward. As we had booked on a half board basis, we were informed prior toour stay that the Blue Orange restaurant would not be open, ( I had also checked the web site)We were provided with information as to what restaurants would be available, all were to a high standard, with no complaints. Plenty of choice was also available at breakfast.The staff are a credit to the hotel, we found all of them to be pleasant and helpful. All had warm smiles and were friendly without being overbearing.Nothing was too much trouble.The pool area and beach is immaculate, with lots of lifeguards around the pool and beach.There are plenty of sunbeds available.The only slight &quot;niggle&quot; are the lack of &quot;taxis&quot; from the hotel, we decided to visit &quot;The Mall&quot;, about a 15 minuite journey away and cost 35 dhirams( without tip), in a private car, we got a taxi back and was charged around 20 dhirams,To be fair ,the following evening the conscierge did offer a waiting taxi as he said they would be cheaper, perhaps we were fortunate that one was available at the time we ventured out.The cost do vary considerably. Just something to bear in mind.........All in all we had a fantastic time, and felt totally spoilt, we would certainly not hestiate to come back to this hotel.We would like to say a big thank you to all staff for making this a truely memorable and enjoyable experience.On the first day of our holiday my friends only complaint was that I had not booked for long enough!!!!!!!!!!! Can't argue with that. We will be back.	
Sep 25 2008 	not five star yet	12th - 21st sept. Flew out with Emirates - great, half empty plane both ways could sleep across a row of four. will use them again defo.Check in efficient but a little cold. Taken to room (Sea View Deluxe) looked really nice. Was surprised no welcome pack in the room (fruit etc) as with most other five star hotels (have stayed at Jumeriah Beach Hotel previously) the only welcome were two WARM bottles of water! Which became a theme EVERY time you asked for water even in the restaurant - where are they storing this stuff because it isnt in a fridge!Housekeeping - very good. But you may need to bring a kettle if you prefer Tea as the Coffee maker in room dispenses luke warm water.Pools- good lifeguard attendance, watch children near the large pool as it is 5ft deep and not very well signed.Restaurants - now where do I start. Blue Orange was open for our first three days. Floor was an accident waiting to happen. Breakfast was stone cold, have never tasted a sausage so cold before and sometimes evening meals were strange combinations Moved the breakfast &amp; set buffet meals from then onwards. Breakfast in hunters, need to train staff - tables half laid, having to constantly ask for things. would ask if you wanted Tea or Coffee on seating then forget to provide. No butter- had to ask, tea spoons missing. became a game in the end to see if we would get a fully set table. Evening buffet was served in the Ballroom (omg). some nights there were four/five groups sitting in the corridor outside waiting to be seated. Same problems again with service also noticed they didnt provide any typ of food for children? asked for two fosters, waiter brought us two bottles - no glasses we had to send him back for glasses. by the end of our holiday I couldnt stand this anymore. restaurant service was a nightmare and the food became monotomous. the evening before departure you get a letter from service centre explaining that your checking out the next day and to please complete the customer questionaire (not enclosed) and they couldnt find one when requested. had to write everything on hotel paper. I will add here that they did call me once I got home to apologise and confirm that they had received my feedback, but next time I will be staying at Mina A Salam. Westin needs to up its game because once all the new hotels are finished they are going to have to compete for the business at the moment they don't quite deliver. P.S watch your room bill carefully and keep checking it with reception, took two days to resolve a charge which was for another room could you imagine what would have happened if we had left this to the last minute.	
Sep 22 2008 	great stay at the westin	just got back from 14 nights at the westin eighth time in dubai at different hotelsfound this hotel to be really good with no problems at allok the blue orange was closed our second week but they tried there best to make sure there was plenty of decent food in the other restaurantsas for the staff they were spot on everyone of them we saw give us a smile and how are you dont no why people are moaning about them its probally the same ones that treat them like slaveswould i reccomend this hotel deffinatelycheers geordie	
Sep 21 2008 	The Westin needs to up it's game	We stayed between 14 - 19 Sept 2008 staying in a Deluxe Sea view room. We arrived early morning on the 14th and we were delighted to be given our room straight away. This was definately a bonus as check in was not until 3pm. Our check in experience was brisk but we were not given any information about the hotel/HB deal.ROOMImpressive. The room was a modern twin, very clean, spacious and a large bathroom. The complimentary toletries were not great and were not replenished once during our stay. There was NO turn down service during our stay which was very dissapointing.HALF BOARD DEALWhen we checked in, no details were given so we had to find our own way on this. Breakfast and dinner were initially served in the Blue Orange restaurant. We only had 1 experinence of the Blue Orange as on the 15th the restaurant closed for refurbishment. The food at the Blue Orange was brilliant and all kinds of food were available. The restaurant was in quite a poor condition though with the floor loose, torn up in parts and horrible leaking air conditioning which you could feel dripping on you as you walked. Lovely!! After Tues, breakfast was served in Hunters which was smaller but choice remained. The cooking staff were keen to please and cooked eggs to order with a smile. Unfortunately the closure of the Blue Orange caused much confusion to staff and on occasions no-one could tell us where dinner was being served. On one evening we were directed to Hunters only then to be sent to the ballroom and then by the time we got there (9.30pm) we were told that the buffet had finished so we missed dinner and had to get room service. Apparently lunch was available as an alternative to dinner but again, a number of staff we asked about this did not know where it was being held as the Blue Orange was closed so we never took the lunch option. CONCIERGEOh dear. I asked them to change a restaurant reservation we had at Al Qasr and they just looked at me blankly. I eventually gave up and did it myself. I made enquries as to a free newspaper being delivered to the room (I like the Gulf News when in Dubai) but was told they don't provide the service but newspapers are available to buy in the shop. I've never had that before in ANY hotel! What the concierge were there for, I don't know. Serious training as to what a concierge service is needed. SPA/HEALTH CLUBImpressive new gym facility. Only thing, no water or lockers provided!!! Even my council gym at home has a water facility and lockers!! I used the spa twice for a facial and a massage. Staff and treatments very nice but the spa itself is a bit grim with a TV blaring out when your trying to relax. STAFFThe restaurant cooks are a real credit to the hotel and they will go out their way to provide. I did feel somewhat expected to tip the pool boys which I don't resent, but not every time I order some water, especially when 10% service charge is included in the bill. I thought the front of house staff were poor and did not reflect the standards of a 5* hotel. POOLSNice pools with lots of sunbeds. Plenty of space available. Life- guards on watch. Unfortunately in my view, this hotel is not 5* Dubai quality and it really needs to up it's game. OK, so it's only been open 4 months and some of the staff may be new, but if they can't operate as a 5* hotel, it shouldn't be open at all. If this was my first time to Dubai, I would have been happier with the hotel but as a repeat Dubai traveller and knowing what to expect, this hotel falls way short of the Dubai standard. It would be no suprise to me at all if the Mina Seyahi (a 4 *) is eventually closed and the Westin takes over its 4*.Personally I would avoid the Westin in future and instead pay the extra for a proper decent 5* hotel such as the One and Only or LRM. These put the Westin to shame.	
Sep 20 2008 	be nice when its finished	I will go with the positive first.The westin hotel has the wow factor on arrival. The rooms are fab and the bathroom huge. We didnt get a balcony so if you want one make the request before you go.The pools that where open where lovely. Unfortunately the lap pool and the kids pool where closed due to repairs. This wasnt a problem for us. Everywhere was immaculate but not finished.They have opened this hotel to soon to the public. As we where only there for a 5 night stay it wasnt to bad. This hotel is showing signs of wear after only 4 months of being open. The blue orange restaurant floor was completely broken up. It moved under you feet. Half the seating area was boarded off to rectify this problem. This meant that all the tables where so close together that you could touch elbows. The buffet food was good on the first 2 nights then everything was cold.We had a good rest after a long trip whilst at the Westin. We mostly sat at the adults only section of the pool. This was spoilt by the work men digging ,the view of the JCB and the cherry picker.The picture that the Westin have put on the internet seems to have had a little bit of airbrushing. As you will see from my photo there are buildings behind it.	
Sep 18 2008 	Wonderful Westin - despite the snags	We are a family of 4 - 2 adults and 2 young kids (aged 5 and 3) and we stayed at the westin from 13 Aug until 24. We had a deluxe sea view room.The hotel aesthetically is amazing, and when we pulled up to check in our bags were dealt with quickly. We arrived after a late flight and were checked in swiftly, but without any warmth at all. there is an almost cold efficiency with the staff at reception and they were less smiley and enthusiastic than other staff at the hotel. That said, it was quick and we were soon in our room. ROOMThis was fine for us. One reason we loved the westin and will continue to return is that is one of the only hotels in Dubai which allows our young kids to stay in our room. Even with 4 of us in the room it never felt cramped. the bed was good (but surprisingly not v comfortable), the bathroom amazing (but the toiletries in the deluxe room are cheap looking and not pleasant!) and the balcony had a great view. we were in room 335. ROOM SERVICE:We found this to be slow, cumbersome and expensive. we ordered 2 plates of chips one day and paid almost a tenner! that was probably to cover the cost of all the expensive cutlery and the 7 different condiments which accopanied it. However, the plus here is the room service staff who always arrived with a smile and were efficient and discreet.STAFFthe staff in the hotel are amazing. Sure, there are a few problems with training (especially the kids lifeguards who couldn't look more bored and apathetic if they tried!) but on the whole the standard was great. A big thankyou to the staff in the blue orange who were great with us and our kids. they were sometimes too keen to take away dishes but that was not a problem for us.BLUE ORANGEWe were on a HB package and loved the Blue Orange. there was plenty for our kids to eat, almost everything was made fresh, the chefs were brilliant and remembered what you liked, and we loved the soft piano music every night. My only gripe here is that the tiles on the floor were very loose and my son actually fell and grazed himself badly! The food was of a very high standard and I so miss my nightly visit to the wonderful Rusly at the ice cream stand. He was always ready with a smile and knew what we all liked. Hope he is there when we return.Breakfast was plentiful but could get crowded and the top ups of tea and coffee were slow in busy periods, but overall the standard was great. POOLSThere are a alot of pools but the kids pool did not have enough loungers and the area was overcrowded because guests from the meridien next door nabbed all the loungers. This was v frustrating because it meant we had to land our towels on the floor near the pool so that our kids could enjoy the pool. The guests from the meridien have dark green towels and took over the kids area - the kids pool there is not very good so if you are going to the westin be prepared for people who have paid less than you to bombard certain areas. All the other pools seemed fine by this invasion as they are more spacious but we found it impossible some days to get a lounger beacuse the guests from next door were there. maybe a solution would be to have more loungers near the kids pool as that is where families with younger children tend to congregate.Overall, we loved our stay and will stay again. the current prices quoted for the westin by UK travel agents are quite ridiculous so as long as they come down there is no reason for us not to go next year, I much preferred the westin to the royal meridien where we stayed last year. It is modern, spacious, roomy, trendy and caters for all. Just a quick mention about the spa - had a massage which was great but you cannot have a locker if you use the gym. you only get a key if you have a treatment which was annoying as you cannot shower after the gym unless you leave all your stuff lying around on benches. management need to look into this and allow gym goers to have access to lockers. Also, the massage was great but I was ACHING the next day and did not have any more treatements on account of this,Another quick mention for the many russian guests - we found some of them v rude, especially when ordering food or in the restaurant. and there appeared to be lots of russians at the westin. Having said that, the friendliest girls on reception were russian and were great. There is a massive problem with getting taxi's at this hotel as the concierge just offer hotel cars. that can be v annoying.The kids club was closed but we used the meridien one which was fine. kids enjoyed the stay there but hopefully next time the westin kids club will be open. We met the general managers daughter at the kids club one day when dropping our kids off and she was truly adorable and seemed to enjoy being there.Despite all the snagging issues we loved our stay and would happily stay again. a big thank you to all the staff and the general manager who helped make our stay so special.	
Sep 13 2008 	Loved the Westin	We arrived at the Westin and WOW this hotel is stunning.Check in was quick staff at reception were not as friendly as other hotels we have stayed at, but we did get cold towels and fruit juice which was very welcome.We were taken straight to our rooms and we were very happy with our seaview room on the 5th floor.Room:Great room very spacious and a good sized balcony overlooking the pools and palm island, the room had everything you need including a nespresso coffee machine which we loved, the bathroom was lovely and big, it was great to have a separate toilet, and a separate walk in rain shower the bath was a great size.Every night you has a turndown service and fresh towels, and were left bottles of water. The bed was massive and it was so comfortable.Restaurants:As we were on half board we had dinner in Blue Orange most nights, the food was a very high standard and lots of variety at breakfast and dinner.But sometimes the food could be a little bit cold, we met some lovely staff Jeff was always smiling, Amina on the chinese counter was very funny.We loved Hunters Grill we went there twice and the food was fantastic and the service was first class.There were two more restaurants Bussola and Spice Emporium but we never tried them, we had lunch around the pool a couple of times which was very good.Bars:We spent a lot of time in Senyar Bar there was a good atmosphere and music, they had great staff especially Charlie they get to know what you drink and as soon as you arrive they get your drinks ready on the bar for you.Went to Barasti at the Mina a few times it has a great beach party atmosphere great music.Pools:The pools at the Westin were lovely we spent out time at the adult pool, there was a river leading to the family end each end had its own pool bar.The staff worked very hard by the pool, there were lifeguards everywhere.The sun loungers were very comfortable with lovely big beige towels, the staff would bring around ice cold flannels 3/4 times a day, cold slushes, cleaning sunglasses and fruit sometimes.The beach was swept daily and the sea was hot as usual in August.Hotel Area's:The Westin was kept spotless, the public area's were spaciousevery evening they had a violinist and pianist playing in the lobby lounge area, they also had a library in the lobby, there were a few shops open.Front entrance Fred was very efficient, but they do try to push you into using the hotel cars, which are just a few dirhams more than a normal taxi, but if wanted a taxi you often had to wait.We really enjoyed our stay at the Westin and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Blown Away	I stayed in an executive club sea view room from 24th August - 3rd September. The airport transfer was spot on, brand new Mercedes Benz people carrier, was given plenty of water and a cold towel. Check in procedure was swift and painless. Room was massive, had everything you could possibly need. Plenty of water left each day as well as complimentary Arabic snacks and sweets. Level of cleanliness exceeded any other hotel I've stayed at.Breakfast in the executive lounge was fantastic, plenty of choice on offer, although the scrambled eggs were a bit too runny for my liking but some people may prefer that. No dount they would have made me some eggs exactly to my specification though such was the eagerness to please. I had dinner in 3 of the restaurants, Blue Orange, Spice Emporium and Bussola. The Blue Orange buffet was massive, so much choice, the only downside is that I didn't manage to try everything I wanted to because I was so full up! The Spice Emporium was a wonderful experience, the level of service was out of this world. The food was cooked to perfection. I'd highly recommend trying it out, although the name is slightly misleading as the food is far from spicy. The Italian Bussola, was also fantastic, I didn't leave a crumb.The checkout procedure was just as swift and professional, no problems with the bill and the transfer to the airport in their Mercedes S Class oozed luxury. Visits to Dubai can be very hectic and stressful, but staying at the Westin made the trip all that more enjoyable. I will definitely be back!My only slight complaint is the taxi situation. If you want a taxi, you have to rely on the hotel's private taxi service which I found to be in most cases double the price of the return journey in a licensed taxi and the price charged seemed to be completely at the taxi driver's discretion. In some cases, you could notice the taxi driver asking questions to try and gauge how much you could afford to part with. I noticed a number of people were quite vocal about their displeasure when complaining about the same thing to the concierge. Having what amounts to a cowboy operation responsible for providing transportation to the hotel guests can only contribute to potentially damaging the reputation of the hotel which would be a shame.	
Sep 2 2008 	Dont hesitate to consider a vacation at this property	Having lived in Dubai for 6 years I remain a regular traveller to the region for last 15 years and have stayed at many of the leading hotels over the period. Having booked a holiday for my wife in April next year I decided to stay at the Westin on a recent business trip to see the property in advance.It would be impossible to be dissappointed! Smiling happy staff who constantly go out of their way to please you and during my recent stay , the peak of the summer!. Food choice in the many outlets is 5 star cosmopolitan all round consistent quality in each outlet. You also have the added benefit of sharing, if desired, the outlets in the adjacent Meridien property. A good sign to me was to see the Eurpean residents living and working in Dubai flooding into the various restaurants and bars on Thursday evening. Trendy settings and a dedicated management aim to please all is clearly working!Cannot wait to return to my second home and share the delights of the Westin with my wife on our vacation.Dont hesitate to consider booking time at this hotel - and expect it to take a competitive position for the lead in the Jumeirah area as it matures and goes forward.Outstanding for the time it has been open.!Owen BennisonWarwickshire UK	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent Holiday	We have just returned from a 2 week holiday staying at the westin. I read a couple of reviews before we went, and read mixed comments so wasn't really sure what to expect. Myself, partner and 2 boys aged 10 and 7 were very excited about our holiday. We arrived approx 8.30am at dubai airport. Our car was ready and waiting to take us to the westin. When we arrived at the westin, we was blown away with the exterior and interior of the hotel. It was absolutely beautiful. No expense was spared designing this hotel. Concierge were waiting with the luggage carrier. We checked in and was given an ice cold flannel and ice slush why we waited. Nice touch as we were all very hot. We were told our room wasn't ready, but could have breakfast in the blue orange. The blue orange restaurant was just what we needed. Lots of variety for all of us, pancakes for the kids and fryup for the adults!! and lots more to choose from.We were told our room would be ready about 11ish. They took our mobile number and said they would call us. We headed off to the swimming pool to cool down. We were very impressed with the life guards on duty, as this isn't something you would normally see in hotels. Even though both our boys could swim, it was peace of mind knowing that they were even more safe to swim alone.Our room was ready about 1pm. We didnt mind the wait as we were busy swimming. The room was large, bright and very comfortable. The beds were like heaven. We booked the half board through virgin holidays, so our meals would be taken in the blue orange. Once again the blue orange offered varities of different foods and we was not disappointed with the choices on offer. We also ate in the bussola, which was very nice, but not much on offer for the kids. The staff were amazing. Helpful, friendly and polite. We met so many different staff but was always greeted with a hello and a big smile. Without the staff at the hotel, it would not of been so good. The staff work so hard, and its not an easy job in 45 degrees heat.The pool bar was a nice area to swim up and have a drink or a bite to eat. Again the staff behind the bar were smashing. My partner had great laughs with them. Prakesh, Sammy, Hari, Venky, Vicky, Daniel and Anwah were brilliant. They made us feel like royalty. We were definately spoilt rotten on this holiday.The lifeguards too were brilliant, they did their job very well. We got to meet Edward, Kenneth, Ken, Kennedy, Charles, Jay R. They have to sit for 9 hours just watching people in the water having a great time. Not the easiest of jobs.Fred, Richard and Fabien who worked for concierge were brilliant too. If you needed a taxi or just general information, they were the guys to ask.We were pretty lucky on our visit to the westin, as while we were there Tiger Woods held a conference in the hotel. Not only did we get great pictures, our sons also got his autograph too!!The kids enjoyed the penguin club. The westin is yet to open their kids club, but we could make full use of the le meridien hotel next door. Great facilities on offer for the kids. They played football, baseball, cricket etc etc. They also had the chance to experience snorkelling, banana boat and the formula 3. The guys worked so hard to make the kids happy. Omar, Karim, Sam, Dhillon and Kenneth were masters of all sports.We didnt want to leave. We had tears from the kids as they said they were going to miss everyone. The only down part about the holiday was the last night my son burnt his arm on one of the lights outside the hotel. Tammy who worked for the Atrium was quick on the scene with ice and a cooling spray. A nurse also gave it the once over and I would say that the lights need to be covered as they do get very very hot. Maybe they need a sign to say that aswell, as younger children could do alot more damage.Other than that, nothing negative to say. Best holiday ever. We are booking within the next week to go back next year. Definately something to look forward to.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great hotel in the making	I stopped with the Family at the Westin for a week in August and have to say that we had a great time. The rooms where big and comfy, well decorated and clean. I know this is what you should expect from a 5* hotel but I thought I’d state it anyway. We ate mainly in the blue orange restaurant (part of it is undergoing refurbishment) and found the food very fresh and well prepared if not a little cold at times (they actually ran out of cheese cake which I am sure breaks some sort of international law!). I cannot fault most of the staff who all seemed to be working really hard and at the same time enjoying the job. The only criticism I have would be that the front desk could be a little more customer service oriented rather than being Germanic like efficient, I suppose I was expecting more smiles when we first arrived, but that is just be my personal view. I found the pool staff a bit hit and miss at times regarding service but overall they seemed to be getting it together. A big shout out to Robert the pool life guard who looked after us when we went swimming in the late evenings. As I have stated in my title this hotel has the bones to become a great hotel in Dubai.	
Aug 30 2008 	Not quite 5* yet	We have just returned from our 10day holiday staying at the Westin. We had a very relaxed checkin after the night flight so we were all tired so that was a good start. The reception area is lovely and relaxed. The bedrooms were very comfortable and definately worth the 5 star rating. We thought we were in for our best holiday yet until the 3rd day. The Blue Orange restaurant which served both our breakfast and evening meal was reduced to half of its size for maintenance work on the floor. From then on it became a mad scramble in the morning and the breakfast was far from relaxing. As you can imagine the number of guests was high in comparison to the space provided. The tables were extremely close together and it was very difficult to weave in and out with your food. Children were running about and this got quite dangerous. We decided to miss breakfast for a couple of days we couldnt face the hassle. On saying that the quality was quite good but was often cold and does not compare to the Jumeriah Beach which is what you would expect for 5*. In the evening the many food stations provided a great choice of food but the same problems remained with the tables and we felt very overlooked. If you stay on a half board basis as we did you do not have a choice in where you eat so we had all of our meals in the Blue Orange and had to put up with it. After 10 nights of this we really had had enough.The pool area is great but the beds around the pool were often taken by the guests from the sister hotel (differant colour towels) and we spent the days on the beach which was very very hot. Some days we had cold towels and some days we missed them because they had been taken by the time they got to us. The sea is hot and be careful as both my husband and son were stung by jellyfish but the lifeguards treated the stings with vinegar. The speedboat ride is definately worth a trip our children loved it. The staff were very friendly but I got the impression that if you were not happy with something it was dismissed very quickly. Our children were very grateful for the business centre as there is not much for them to do in the evenings apart from hiring Dvd's. We enjoyed most of our holiday but I think the westin lacks atmosphere I am sure once all the building work has been completed it will be very good but in my opinion the hotel needs to be much more consistent, so that each days experience is a good as the previous days and not worse.	
Aug 28 2008 	Fabulous Holiday - loved Dubai	I have just returned from an 11 night stay at The Westin Dubai Mina Seyahi Beach Resort &amp; Marina - fabulous. The hotel is spectaculor, the decor, rooms, pool, beach ........ need I go on. The food choice in the Blue Orange restaurant was unbelievable, in fact if no-one could have found fault with the selection on offer. The wine bar was excellent with a fantastic choice of wines and drinks.The pool was unbelievable (having separate pools for families with children and a quieter area for adults only), the attendants etc were very helpful - providing cold towels at regular intervals, and cucumber to soothe eyes, as well as having your sunglasses cleaned. It was also reassuring to have the lifeguards there all the time as well, just in case!We had a sea view room with a balcony on the 4th floor and this was superb; the room was fantastic and it was always kept clean and tidy with towels changed when requested, bottled water left each day and plenty of tea and coffee if we wanted some. All in all, a fabulous time at a fabulous hotel.Our only problem on the whole holiday I have to say was Reception/Administration. Unfortunately we did get off to a bad start - when we checked in, they didn't have any of our details so therefore there were no rooms for us (fortunately we did have all the paperwork). We did eventually manage to get this sorted out about 45 minutes after we had arrived at the hotel (early hours of the morning!!) and were then directed to our rooms.The second episode was when we were told that if we were having lunch on our half board basis, we had to go to Waves at the sister hotel next door at the Meridian. This we didn't find to be a problem of course, until we asked if we could have a copy of our hotel bill a couple of days before we were due to leave, just to check on things. The reception staff had charged us for the whole meal at Waves on each day that we had used it. Thankfully this was rectified and the correct charges changed.We did try and book a meal on a Dhow at Dubai Creek, but for some reason didn't really get anywhere. We went next door to the Meridian where we found the loveliest most helpful lady that you could possibly find. She was excellent - and I have to say that we did all of our bookings through her at the Meridian - she was that good at her job that she even remembered people by their name, and asked if we had enjoyed the trip that we had booked with her. Just a shame that the admin staff at The Westin could not take a few lessons from her.On our second last day we received a letter from Administration telling us that we needed to vacate the room the following day at noon, as that was our last day. Again we had to go to Reception to sort this out. We were in fact booked in for 11 nights at the Hotel, and not 10 as they were informing us of. We asked for the Reception Manager who was most apologetic, and insisted that she would inform Reception/Admin of their error and that we were indeed booked in for 11 nights and not 10.When we did check-out on the morning we were leaving, it took approximately 25 minutes to pay the bill - not because we had a problem with the bill, or because we had queried anything, but because reception seemed to be so laid back that tomorrow would do, and were not that bothered that we had a taxi waiting for us to take us to the airport.I loved Dubai, and I loved The Westin but I have to say that I think the reception staff really need to be given a bit of a 'shake-up' - looking professional behind a reception desk does not always mean that they can carry the job out properly.I would definitely recommend the Hotel, and only hope that reception/admin get better, otherwise this could be a bit of a problem in time.	
Aug 24 2008 	fab hotel but watch your wallet	we arrived with virgin holidays and there was a mix up with our requests but the reception staff were fantastic at sorting our problems out. we couldn't believe the rooms, they were amazing. spacious, clean and well equipped. we unpacked everything and went down to the pool. WOW. the pool side staff were very attentive and friendly. all the pools were extremely clean and life guards everywhere. It was really hot but there were always pool bar staff to get you a drink. Gin and tonic, 28 dhs.(about £4) which i thought was very reasonable. about 5 days into our holiday, my husband saw that his wallet which he had left on the side was unlocked. He looked in it and £60 was missing. He immediatly reported it to reception and was told &quot;well we aren't liable&quot; his response was that he thought they should know that someone who had access to our room had stolen the money, he realised he was at fault for not putting it in the safe, but you don't expect money stolen out of your room in a five star hotel in dubai (where crime is very low) they said they would investigate and get back to us. A few days later he went to reception and nobody knew anything about it. He went back on the friday and was told they were still investigating (we were going home the following day.) He was so frustrated that he asked for the police to be called. They took it seriously but basically said that there was nothing could be done because the theft happened on the hotel grounds. He had to sign a waiver to say he wouldn't persue it, at least he presumes that because it was in arabic! The only other unacceptable thing was that we ordered room service one night and the smell of rancid cheese from the pizza put my children off their food. We did report it and was fully refunded, but the night was spoilt. These two episodes, i have to say are the only blips on an otherwise perfect horizon. The food in all the restaurants in the hotel was perfect. the breakfast choice was so varied and all the staff were clean, professional, friendly and courtious. I would recommend the bed and breakfast option, like we had, because i can envisage having to eat in the blue orange restaurant every night a little bit tedious although the quality of the food was superb. Also you don't get chance to experience all the other restaurants. There is no question that i would return to the westin, but i would make sure all valuables are safe......all of the time.	
Aug 9 2008 	Like being a princess staying in a palace	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel from 15 - 23 July 2008. It had only been opened two months, so everything was brand new. We booked with Virgin direct and this hotel is in their Platinum collection. We had a private transfer which was a nice touch. We arrived at the hotel at approx 8am and offered refreshing cold towels and a cool drink at reception. Fortunately we were able to check-in straight away. The room was very big, (if a little dull, in beige/brown), with a huge 'heavenly' (as they called it) bed, large bathroom with separate toilet and separate huge walk-in marble shower. Expresso machine in room - but would actually have preferred just a kettle! Lobby area very oppultent, with marble mosaics and 200ft chandilier in atrium. Lots of comfy couches &amp; chairs. We had the half-board option and ate in the Blue Orange restaurant. This operated self-service buffet style food for breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner. Probably the largest array of food I have ever seen, with something to suit everyone. Separate food preparation areas and chefs for Arabic, Chinese, Indian, American/English style food. They would cook you whatever you fancies from the fresh, raw ingredients. Only two small criticisms, the food was never very hot and whilst the dress code was supposed to be 'smart/casual', it was often more on the very casual side, with football shirts, jeans and basically anything goes. Which for a 5* hotel, we were suprised. Also, at breakfast the juice was in small individual plastic bottles, which was a bit naff again for 5*. There are several pools, including a large free-form one with swim-up bars at either end. Plenty of lifeguards and very attentive pool staff who will bring you iced towels, drinks and even adjust your sun lounger/umbrella. Beware, it is very hot. 51 degrees the day we arrived. There is a beach, but too hot in July. The sea temp was 32 degrees. Staff at this hotel are very good, but had a few launguage problems with the concierge staff. One thing that annoyed me was when we requested a taxi, they would always get us a 'hotel car' which was a limo or 4X4, which would cost twice as much. (However, the cost was still reasonable). Loads of building work going on and we definately noticed the increase in development since we went last time, 6 years ago. However, Dubai is still a great place to visit and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fantastic	We stayed at the Westin Dubai from 25th July to 1st August with our two children and had such a wonderful experience that it was hard to leave. The Hotel was stunning. Our Room - an Executive Sea View had great views of the Pools, Beach and the Atlantis Hotel in the distance. Our Room was beautifully furnished with a huge Plasma Tv. The Beds certainly were heavenly and the bathroom was out of this world. The hotel grounds were beautiful, and we had the choice of six pools to choose from as we also visited the sister Hotel next door. The childrens Pool was covered for extra protection from the sun, the infinity pool was really cool and the winding pool was so relaxing. There were lifeguards everywhere who were so friendly and relaxed with the children. We also had the opportunity for our children to learn snorkelling, go on a banana boat and sailing through activities you could just sign your children up for via the kids club. We wish we could have joined in too. At this point we would like to mention Dilan who was fantastic with the children and us - mainly because he was a big kid himself!The service throughout from all the staff at the resort was exceptional. In particular, a few favourites were Johnny the Pancake Chef, (My husband is addicted to Pancakes), Ric and Freida who were based at the Blue Orange Restaurant , they were so helpful and friendly and always Happy and loved our children, and Houda who taught us Arabic. Also there was Mandy the Reservations Manager who resolved all of our minor issues immediatley - We experienced some teeting issues which we had anticipated may happen in a new hotel.All the staff could not do enough for you so if you had a specific meal request this was fine.The food in the Blue Orange Restaurant was amazing, the quality and choice was exceptional. We ate a 7 course meal every night. The choice was from Sushi, Indian, Chineese and western/european dishes. The Desserts were delicious and numerous... of course there was Ice Cream too!!! and a sweetie station, oooh and a chocolate fountain...... We have been all thoughly spoilt and our children will now have such high expectations that we couldnt ever possibly take them anywhere else on holiday so we look forward to a return trip very soon......	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent stay at the Westin!	Our recent visit to the Westin Mina Seyahi lived up to all of our expectations and in certain respects, even surpassed them. The standard of the room was excellent - from little things like the in-room coffee maker (regularly supplied by in-house staff) to the meticulous room service (frequent and thorough without being obtrusive) - and certainly superior to the rooms in neighbouring hotels (One and Only included!). Our two week stay flew past and the heat, although intense, was well catered for by staff round the pool and at the swim-up bar.The quality of food in the Blue Orange restaurant (buffet) was dangerously good - the temptation to have just one more dessert proved too great on far too many occasions. If you like buffets and don't mind the presence of children who seem to have left their manners at home (parents take note), this restaurant caters for every taste to an exceptionally high standard. The hotel was definitely not full during our stay and I only wonder if perhaps the lack of any allowance at the other Westin restaurants on the premises had something to do with this. Having stayed at the One and Only on previous visits, their meal allowance in the high season was certainly attractive and a major benefit..Brilliant hotel, brilliant stay but watch out for Johny on the pancake station (his glee at watching all the guests expand their waistlines is quite unnerving!)	
Jul 29 2008 	One of the best	I have stayed at the Westin twice in 2 weeks and I have to say, it is pretty much faultless. I have stayed in executive sea view rooms both times and all areas of service seem superb.The staff are polite without being stuffy. The decor is very smart without being garishly over the top. The room is wonderfully comfortable with all the amenities you could want, including an enourmous TV, great shower and lovely bed!!The only slight negative comment I could have which makes my review 4 stars rather than 5 is just when I had breakfast here during my previous stay, the service was pretty bad. There was no one else in the dining room on the executive floor but we were left with dirty plates for quite a long time and had to wait a while to get our drinks. I really am being picky though and when I come back to Dubai again, I will certainly try and stay here if I can....	
Jul 24 2008 	Super Westin!!	Well where to start. The hotel is absolutly outstanding, everything is amazing and lives up to what you would expect from dubai. The rooms are out of this world, we staying in a deluxe sea view room with a balcony, but beware before you drink the fridge dry make sure you check the pricelist. The cleaners were very very good and well trained (especially Joseph &amp; William). The Blue Orange resturant was very nice and had excellent choice of food and drink there but being half-board once again drinks work out very expensive ie. one glass of water worked out at 14 Dirhams rougly £2. Also the staff are a little keen to tidy the tables whilst you are still eating your meal. Most of the staff are very welcoming and friendly, apart from a couple of obnoxious individuals and the security being quite rude everybody was great, my personal favourite was Johnny on the crépes counter.Please note : make sure you bring your credit card with you because at check in there is a £425 holding deposit per room.I would strongly recommend this hotel to anybody wanting to experiance dubai.	
Jul 15 2008 	the best hotel we have ever stayed in.	We went to this hotel in May, just a few days after the hotel opened. We were upgraded to an executive room with a very large private balcony. Excellent service throughout our 5 day stay. Room fantastic and so clean. The beach area was lovely and the pool area was superb. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. My only very minor ctiticism was the check in/out area which seemed understaffed and not large enough. However I have to say it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in throughout the world and have already booked for next year. We can thoroughly recommend it.	
Jul 13 2008 	Super Hotel	Just back from the Westin. We booked into a Executive Club room and were not disappointed. We were taken straight up to the 8th floor Club reception for a super swift check in. Our room was large and well equipped. The bathroom was huge with a lovely bath and seperate rainforest shower. The hotel was apparently 80% full when we were there but, if that is so, I don't know where everyone was, because it felt so spacious and uncrowded.We were really impressed with the Exec Club facilities. Breakfasts were huge, and every time we went into the Club Lounge there was some sort of food on offer - afternoon tea with scones and jam or evening canapes. The staff there were friendly, helpful and kind. It felt like we were the only people there and they made sure our holiday was special. I cannot praise them too highly.The pool area was lovely with plenty of sunbeds for everyone. We stayed at the adults only end which was nice and quiet. Children could swim anywhere else and had a really nice pool of their own so it seems fair that the adults could have a small area to themselves. One father (British) did complain when his child was politely told he was in the wrong area. The pool staff were attentive and brought around cold towels and slushy drinks at least twice a day. When my husband got a bit unwell they made sure he had a second umbrella to keep him out of the sun and generally looked after him.We had the free half board deal. The only thing I wasn't keen on was the blue orange restaurant. There's nothing wrong with the food and there was plenty of it - for me, it just didn't have much atmosphere. But that's just a matter of choice - we used it have lunch and then went out in the evening. We got a dubai taxi outside the Westin on most occasions and only once had to use a hotel car - but that only cost us an extra £2 so wasn't a big deal. When we checked out we found a small error on our account but that was quickly corrected. I found no service issues at the hotel at all. I thought the staff were super, right from the man who is employed just to open the door from the hotel to the garden (!) to the managers who are going around checking things.Loved it!	
Jul 11 2008 	Fabulous!!!	After an initial mix up on our room (I had booked a twin room - this had been confirmed by the travel agent and also by the hotel, as I emailed them directly before we arrived) - they put me and my 14 year old daughter in a double room!! They moved us the next day though. Initial observations when we arrived were that it is a stunning hotel, architecturally and interior design wise (lovely atrium and foyer area) and a wow approach as you drive up to the hotel - however my only peeve at this point is that it was 9pm, we were hot, tired blah blah and they only have 2 check in desks - not enough in my opinion - and there is nowhere to sit while you are waiting to be seen. We waited over half an hour for our turn - the other people at reception were not even being checked in, they had some niggles which were being sorted out. We were not offered any seats, hot towels (or should it be cold) or a drink and standing for that amount of time just about finished me off - to be then topped by being booked into a double room not a twin. However that was my only disappointment.We then found out the next day when they moved us to a twin (or should i say two double beds in the one room) that we had been upgraded to Executive Club on the 7th floor which included all the benefits such as snacks, drinks, happy hour, breakfast lounge, free internet etc..We were well happy!! The staff in the Club lounge were absolutely fantastic - really chatty and friendly, they remembered what we liked to eat and drink, we never had to ask and they waiited on us hand and foot - even bring my decaf coffee to the internet room for me. The service really was 100%. There was a chap in there called Veera from India who told us some fascinating facts about Dubai and also his home country. He made me laugh when he said he knew I was from the UK because I always read the paper and went on the internet when I should be on holiday relaxing and not looking at the news :o)We were on free half board but only ate in the Blue Orange 3 times for dinner and twice for lunch, as we ate out in the Malls and one night at the Marina. Wonderful choice in the Blue Orange but in my opinion the service wasn't as attentive at lunchtime - not sure if that was because there were alot of business diners in there and the tourists were forgotten.Beautiful pool - its 5ft deep and I'm only 5'2&quot; but could just about manage by bouncing on my tippytoes. Pool bar at each end but one is in the Adults Only bit, which is where I escaped to when I got the chance. The sea was lovely and approx 30 degrees - like a comfortably warm bath - very salty so I found it quite difficult to swim in because my feet kept wanting to bob up,lol :o)We went on a speed boat trip around the Palm - 700 dirhams, but shared with another couple, so paid 350 (£50). Definitely do this if you get a chance - we saw the Atlantis and the Burj. There's a little tent on the beach and you can bill it to your room. The driver was a laugh and took some photos of us too.This is my 3rd trip to Dubai in 18 months and it definitely won't be my last!	
Jul 10 2008 	Wonderful Westin	we have just returned from a fantastic stay at the westin. this hotel is superb, the decor and furniture is out of this world and certainly oozes the wow factor. we had a deluxe sea view room, the view wasn't fantastic (1st floor) but this didn't bother us one bit , the heavenly bed and shower were out of this world !!!! housekeeping (after cleaning the room) still called at least twice a day to offer fresh towels etc. the pools are first class and offer guests a truly relaxing and pleasant environment. the blue orange restuarant offers a wide variety of quality foods presented beautifully, with so much to choose from guests are spoilt for choice. the staff make this hotel and we were humbled by the warm welcome we received daily from all staff but especially housekeeping, pool and blue orange staff. To all of the critics who have slated the westin i'm baffled to what you actually expected from this hotel, i hope i never become a nit picker !!!! i'm just so happy that we had a superb, memorable holiday. thank-you all at the westin hope to see you soon.	
Jul 9 2008 	Westin - Would not return	Stayed at the Westin for 2 weeks in June, room was lovely and no complaints at all with that. Had 1/2 board included and the food/service at the Blue Orange was OK, but nothing special. The service suddenly got very slow and plates were not cleared, the wrong drinks were normally bought over and had to be changed. There was very limited food for children (I have children that love different foods) but they still got very bored with the food, my daughter lived on pasta and mash - not the most healthy of meals.There was no credit offered for meals in any of the other restaurants so we had lunch at the Blue Orange a couple of occasions and dinner elsewhere. The Hunters Grill serves amazing food - the best fillet steak ever. Wow. The Busolla was very expensive, food ok, but no childrens menu given service was a bit slower and would not go back, mainly because of the price £200 + for 2 adults &amp; 2 children only 1 beer and soft drink each.We ate at the Hard Rock Cafe one night and for 8 of us (4a/4c) came to £100 all in and the meal was brilliant.There are no facilities for the children at the Westin, kids club is next door at the Meridian and they did not do the activities they listed. My kids are 8 &amp; 11 so not fussed with a kids club but there was no one to arrange football matches, swimming activities or anything. You cannot take children into any of the bars so every evening we had dinner and hired DVD's and sat in bed, not much fun. The hotel is definately not family orientated.On weekends the hotel fills up with club members and is very busy, the members expect to be served before anyone else and sometimes received their complimentary slush drinks over guests who ended up going without. Although it has to be said the pool bar staff and waiters were the best staff in the complex. We were well looked after.We met people that had stayed in other hotels in Dubai and their opinion was that the Westin was so much worse on service etc than any other hotel stayed in Dubai. We did not have a very good experiance at the Westin and I certainly would not go back, my husband probably would not return to Dubai after the Westin. I am aware of teething problems but there was always something that meant a day would not run smooth. When we booked for a restaurant when we turned up our reservation had not been made, so lots of little things added up to not wanting to return. One other thing, I was under the impression Westin guests could use the Meridian but Meridian guests were not supposed to use the Westin, not sure on the policy, but there were a lot of Meridian guests around the pool every day.	
Jul 8 2008 	superb staff and hotel	This hotel is stunning and relaxing is the name of the game here, my wife and i and 2 children aged 10 and 8 stayed here from the 23rd june till 4th july and enjoyed every min, and i also cant believe some of the negative comments posted. The staff at the westin were superb and so so friendly....from the lovely receptionist from morocco whe checked us out and helped with a little niggle we had with our bill to Pauline in the atrium, jonny at the pancake/desert station in the blue orange who i think would have a smile even for the grumpiest of guest, to Raj, Milly and the rest of the staff down at the pool bar there are really to many to mention...i think my 8 yr old Martin was on first name terms with so many staff and you all contributed to a fantastic holiday. Regards to you all	
Jul 7 2008 	nearly 5 star	We stayed for eight nights at the end of june, with our 2 kids. The hotel was loveley and room was great. Two massive beds in the room which was ample for the 4 of us. The room was serviced regularly and the guys that did this were very helpful and polite. The food at the blue orange was good, although it was similar each night. However the chefs at Blue Orange excellent, really chatty and remembered our names. One of the guys came over on our last morning to shake hands with my husband and wish us a safe journey. The kids pool was fab with loads of lifeguards, as we went during term time not too many kids but it did get busier towards the end of our holiday. The choice of pools is great. It is great that there is an adult only pool because you do not feel guility if your kids are noisy because if anyone dosent like it they can go to adult pool!! (obviously my children behaved impeccably). The shuttle bus to mall of emirates was great only took 10mins.The only problems were that a couple of times we were charged for meals that were included in half board. However when we disputed this the bill was ammended immediatley. Id advise you to check your bill regularly. The amenities ie toiletries in the rooms are ok, however at royal meridien you have hermes toiletries and molton brown in the gym/public toilets. There is no toothbrush comb shoeshine etc provided in the room. I think the building and staff are 5 star. However if I was to pay the full price (im sure half board offer and prices will go up soon) I would expect better toiletries in the room. there is tea and coffee but no biscuits etc.overall great holiday but we did go when it was quiet. If the price goes up le royal meridien may be a more luxury hotel so id recommend comparing the two	
Jul 6 2008 	5* but not 5*+	First stay at the new Westin and from the previous reviews I was in doubt as to whether we had booked the right hotel after last years luxury of the Residence &amp; Spa next door at Royal Mirage. Had booked the holiday in February’08 on the Half Board Offer and upgraded to an Exec Floor Sea View. In following this up with Monica at BestAtTravel, this was similar to the Royal Mirage where there would be certain free restaurants and a 120AED credit in others.The lobby was stunning and spacious with the reception warm &amp; efficient. The only problem was the Half Board credit in that we were told, like others, that it was ONLY the Blue Orange that was included. When I asked them about the credit we were told about in February, we were told “our policy has just changed – it was 120AED, then 60AED and now just the Blue Orange”. I stated that when we booked up in February it was not this. The lady at reception took down the details and said she would get back to me – she never did.We were shown to our room and this was very nice. A large bed with many pillows, fantastic TV, great view and well equipped bathroom with lovely shower. Only one washbasin was disappointing.The pool area is where we had most of our issues. As there were many smokers around the pool, we decided to try a small “island” which was situated in the middle of the pool, where there were only 2 sunloungers. This was ideal and very peaceful. The right hand side of the pool area has been designated “over 16’s only” and gave you some peace. The pool staff did not show us to our sunloungers and set them up – not that I am lazy, just what I have experienced before but it would have helped the next situation. There were several occasions where people with children set themselves up in the “over 16’s area” and if the pool staff showed you to your loungers then these situations would not have arisen. After that it seemed that pool staff, when seeing young families in this area, did nothing. There were also sporadic offerings of cold towels and slush drinks but being on the island I guess we were missed out on 75% of occasions, which we felt was poor as it was only a short walk over a small bridge to the island. The pool bar and especially Ari, were very good and was relaxing, although smoking in and around the pool bar was quite poor. Maybe this is acceptable in a lower class hotel but the staff should have been more firm about this. A short walk to the beach was pleasant and the water was a beautiful temperature.The breakfast we took in the Exec Lounge on the 8th floor was plentiful and the service was excellent. However, there was little variation and this could cause an issue if staying more than say 7 days.After the fourth day we had still not had any reply to our issue about the Half Board offer so I emailed Monica at BestAtTravel and within 4 hours there was a message from the hotel manager stating he’d like to meet to discuss this. I met with him the following day and he honoured our 120AED credit per person with no issue. He stated that he wanted this as a 5* hotel with good service and I said they still had to go some way to meet this claim. However, with thousands more rooms at new hotels on the Palms being built the service quality I am sure will struggle to remain at the high level I have experienced from many visits to Dubai.The standard of the food in the hotel restaurants was excellent, albeit expensive and the booking for a table during the evening is nothing but a joke. We requested one evening a reservation in ‘Hunters’, ideally we wanted a table around 8.30pm. We were advised that this slot was booked and we could either have a table at 7.30pm or 9.30pm so we opted for 7.30pm. Having arrived on time and very much enjoying our meal, we noticed that at 8.30pm over half the restaurant was still empty, in fact when leaving just after 9.00pm the restaurant was still over half empty. We also experienced this again at the ‘Spice Emporium’. Just before we met with the Hotel Manager we had asked the staff on the Exec floor to make us a reservation at again around 8.30pm, they came back just after my meeting with Ko Van den hil (Hotel Manager) I was advised again this time was fully booked, Ko advised that if we stated his name we would be able to book a table at this time, which we unduly did. On arrival at 8.30pm we noticed that over half the restaurant was empty and never filled up. We observed that there were three large tables of 8 set up and were not used during the whole evening. On arriving to the Exec lounge at breakfast the next morning we spoke to Werner and asked him about the reservation system. He explained that they only allow for so many hotel guest “block booking” per evening, therefore if you are a guest wanting a reservation that evening and all the “block booking” tables are taken then they will say they are full, however if you walk into the restaurant you will find there are plenty of tables available. However the price of drinks was less than Royal Mirage. Service was excellent and overall the meals were fantastic. Each afternoon there was English Tea and sandwiches served in the Exec lounge, so if you can wait until 3pm then it was a bonus and cost saver as well as being nice with lovely scones, jam and cream! In the evening from 6-8pm the Happy Hour was a great delight and cost saver, plus we met some great people and characters in there. From the Northern chap being chased by a monkey to a real livewire from Essex! We would normally have a few drinks and then make our way out to dinner. The bar staff were fantastic just fantastic, knowing before you did that you were in need of a new drink, even before we had actually arrived at the bar you could hear them preparing our drinks – now that’s what I call service!I agree that the hotel would call a hotel car rather than taxi sometimes and you should be given the choice. The prices were approximately 50% greater than taxi but we used only for short distances.My girlfriend used the spa and fully enjoyed her treatment, with a separate steam, sauna and jacuzzi for the ladies and a wonderful ambience. I knew to get our bill 24 hours before our departure due to previous comments on Trip Advisor and the Half Board credit of 120AED was not taken off correctly and by staying on the Exec Floor you receive 2 pieces of laundry pressed for free – this took two attempts for them to remove this from our bill. However, upon checkout all was well.Overall, the hotel itself is fantastic. The rooms, lobby and restaurants all are 5*. By upgrading to the Exec Floor you receive excellent benefits with really excellent staff (Werner was always there). The only issue is with communication and staff “empowerment”. These things make the difference between 5* and 5*+. Better pool service/policy and effective clarification for the Half Board would have made things less confusing. Although it did not involve us, the hotel offered good amenities and entertainment for children during the day; however there were very few places for families to go during the evening as the bars were closed off for children so families were “stuck” – this needs some improvement. It was not just us there were many others too who had these feelings that these areas needed to be improved upon to elevate the hotel upwards to 5*+ status.	
Jul 6 2008	Loved the Westin Experience!	Wow!!! What an experience. This hotel is the best hotel in the Middle East! Its amazing. It will hit you when you arrive just how gorgeous the hotel is.We were attending a Wedding at the Le Meridien (Next Door) so decided to check-out the Westin. Was slightly worried about going as it was a New hotel but everything was functional.The Rooms are sensational! Everything that a lady asks for really! The beds are so comfy, Room Service, all Air-Conditioning and just minutes away from the Pool/Beach.Or Room was cleaning Twice a day with Turn-Down Service, now thats what you call service!I definatly recommend eating in the Blue Orange Restuarant. It has from Indian to Steak in 1 place. There is a shuttle to and from the Westin that runs into Town so its a must for Gold Jewellery and souveniers.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone of any age as it caters for everyone!	
Jul 5 2008 	Great family holiday! Loved it!	We have just returned from a really wonderful 7 night holiday at the Westin Dubai. We are a family of four with two kids (aged 4 and 2) and stayed in an Executive Club Land View Room.We called the hotel prior to our arrival to book the complimentary transfers that come with the Exec rooms, and also to request an early check-in and a baby cot.Arrived at DXB at 07.30am -No problem with transfer on arrival at all, and the doorman greeted us personally by our family name on arrival at the hotel-very impressed! Check in took a little while, but we were told our room was ready (hurray!- since check-in should be at 3pm), and that we could take breakfast in the Exec lounge immediately on the 8th floor whilst they finalised our check-in and sorted out the keys. Fantastic!Kids were given a lovely Westin Kids bag each - our younger child had a smaller bag with safety plug covers, a night light, a mini first aid kit and a rubber duck for the bath! Our older child's bag included a sun hat (which was very handy!) and some crayons, postcards to colours in etc. Nice touch. Overall, I have to say the hotel was fantastic- beautiful rooms, really lovely pools (kids pool was brilliant especially with the shade, and the chilled pool was so refreshing!), beautiful interiors, lighting etc. There were plenty of staff throughout the hotel, particularly by the pool, and in the Exec Club lounge.The pool and beach were great-plenty of sun loungers and we have no complaints about the poolside bar service. Waiters offered little glasses of complimentary frozen lime drinks and ice cold face flannels every day...lovely.. Also, complimentary fruit bowl by the towel collection (at the adjoining Meridien, less than 2 min walk).During our stay, they were not serving poolside food as yet (will do so very soon I believe), but you can walk over to the Meridien where they are serving food by the pool. For those with kids, they have a good kids menu there (and also in the Blue Orange for lunch).Overall, the single thing that made the holiday memorable is the staff. They really are doing a fantastic job , from the poolside staff, to the lifeguards, to the housekeeping (our rooms were immaculate every day and remember we have kids who were plastered in sand!), to the staff serving at the food stations in the Blue Orange. The staff in the Exec Club Lounge were excellent too -very attentive and really happy to accommodate any request.We were on half board and so we only ate in Blue Orange -beautiful restaurant and very pleased with the food overall (sushi every night so I was content!).We would definitely recommend the hotel and can't wait to go again sometime soon!	
Jul 4 2008 	lovin the westin	just arrived home &amp; couldn't wait to write a review don't know where the knockers stayed must have been a different westin to the one where we stayed.Staff where excellent polite prompt and attentive,especially the beach staff (could you wear a smile in 47degree heat? rooms clean spacious &amp; cool. Public areas where clean and airy .I thought the hotel to be very understated &amp; had class which is often not the case in this day &amp; age .I would certainly stay there again &amp;recommend to my friends	
Jul 2 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Westin	We enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Westin in June after getting a fantastic deal with Airline Network which included the free upgrade to half board.We arrived on the morning Emirates flight and got to the hotel at about 8.30am. Check in was very quick and efficient although I do agree with others that the check in desk is fairly small so there could possibly be a bit of a problem if more than 5 guests were checking in at the same time. We were provided with lots of information about all the restaurants and hotel facilities and a letter advising us that there was no longer a credit on any meals taken in any of the other restaurants instead of eating in the Blue Orange.We were told our room was empty but had not been serviced. We accepted a complimentary breakfast as our package did not start till after midday, we thought this was a very nice touch. After breakfast we went up to the spa to use the sauna, steam room and jacuzzi before have an 85 minute heavenly massage which we had booked before we left. The spa and gym facilities are very good and the massage was truly heavenly and lasted for 2 hours.After this we were able to get straight into our room which was very spacious and well equipped. We had a land view room with a large balcony and huge super king size bed. Plenty of hangers in the wardrobe for all my dresses and the husbands shirts. The room was serviced twice a day with the tea and coffee being regularly topped up and two bottles of complimentary water left each time.We had to call down to reception to get the cable for the internet connection but we were not charged for any internet usage even through their websites states that there is a charge.The long meandering swimming pool is lovely and chilled to a perfect temperature. We decided our favourite spot was a couple of sun lounger's on the grass which were just by the pool in the adults only area. Being a young couple without children I think it is great that the hotel have dedicated this area and bar for the use of adults only. I have no problem with children on holidays but it was lovely to have a peaceful area to sun bathe and swim in. There was only one child during our stay that had a screech you could hear from the children's pool!The staff service by the pool was very good, free ice slush shots twice a day and cool towels. We had no problems with getting drinks ordered, there was always someone who's attention you could get to place an order. The guys who laid out your towels and moved round the sun beds and umbrellas were also excellent, any time we got up to shift round into the shade they were there to lend a hand, even providing an extra umbrella on one occasion.The food and service in the Blue Orange restaurant and Bussola were great. The food in the Blue Orange did change on a daily basis although it does centre around the theme of the particular cooking station, Arabic, Indian, Chinese, Sushi and seafood, European, desserts and cheese.We never got around to using any of the other hotel facilities so can't comment on them. After reading the negative reviews before we left we have thought really hard about any negatives and all we came up with was that it would have been nice to have had a steam iron in the room instead of the non-steam iron! On check out our bill was correct with unaccountable charges, in fact they didn't charge for the internet access.We feel that the Westin is a wonderful hotel and will become truly fabulous. For the money that we paid we definitely received a 5* service which commenced even before we arrived when we first contacted them by email, we would have no hesitation in returning.If I have missed anything or you have any questions just ask.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great break	Although we are Dubai residents now we decided to have a weekend away 5 minutes from home at this hotel. The lobby area is simply amazing. We arrived before check in but our room was not available so we decided to go to the pool 5 minutes later our mobile phone rang with the receptionist saying our room was ready - was impressed with this The room was lovely and certainly of better quality than the sister hotel MIna Seyahi which I have stayed in on business. With a knock of the door one of the staff arrived with a cuddly camel for our youngest son and frizby for our eldest - nice touch.The shower and bath were brilliant and beds very comfortable Mini bar was extremely expensive especially the snacks. We saw a few families who had been to a local supermarket. Pool area was lovely, although waiter service a little slow compared to other hotels in Dubai. Staff were very friendly although it was clear some were still learning their jobs with the hotel opening recently. A little more training would help. We went to the bar area for drinks and mistakenly didn't realise we couldn't go into the lounge area with children - the manager was extremely apolgetic when he asked us to move and arranged quick waitress service in the lobby and a top up!There were a few finishing touches still needed to the hotel e.g. some flower beds needed planting. The food was of good quality and pancakes were a firm favourite with the childrenWith some more staff training I think this will be an amazing hotel. Despite a few small things that weren't perfect we had a great weekend.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great stay at the Westin	We stayed at the Westin in early June, which was just a few weeks after opening. The hotel itself is stunning, the reception area and public rooms are very impressive. Hotel rooms are an excellent size and very clean. I took the advice from a previous reviewer and asked for a room with a balcony - this was good advice as not all rooms have a balcony. Our room was a deluxe sea view room and it didn't disappoint, the view was excellent.A previous review mentioned that hotel cars were &quot;pushed&quot; onto them, we didn't find this at all, they were offered as an alternative but there was no pressure. If you take a hotel cab, the cost difference is very minimal, but the transport provided is of very good quality.We tried the Bussola restaurant on site, which was very good and made use of the free half board offer in the hotel. Food in the Blue Orange restaurant was excellent and the staff were extremely helpful. It's worth knowing that you can take lunch or dinner as part of the half board option.We also tried the Barista bar at the Meridien Mina Seyahi, the sister hotel next door, which was really nice particularly if you get a table outside overlooking the sea. This place was really busy and attracts both tourists and ex-pats.The hotel spa was very nice and service is excellent. You can get a &quot;mini manicure&quot; for the equivalent of about £5, which is very good value. Other treatment prices are similar to those at home in the UK.We had a couple of issues with the bill and some elements of service, we took these as teething problems and these didn't in any way affcet our overall stay. We would definitely return to the Westin.	
Jun 21 2008 	Fab hotel!	I was very anxious about booking a new hotel although it was through Virgin Holidays and it was virtually halfprice and we were upgraded to half board! However the Hotel was gorgeous with amazing seating areas, chandeliers, flower arrangements. cream marble everywhere etc etc.The bedrooms were large enough and we also had a roll out. Good facilities there too: huge TV, dearish minibar and very dear spa products to purchase. 'Heavenly beds',phones everywhere, even in the loo. Good wardrobe size, safe etc. The bathroom was large with both a bath and separate shower and toilet. I was impressed!Rooms were cleaned at your request and convenience. All the staff from the top to the bottom were great.The dining room had a good choice of foods: hot, regional. cold. sweet, even a chocolate fountain and the crepes were to die for. For the half board version you took breakfast and lunch or dinner. There were some snacks available at the bars for lunch but a lot of people took lunch and then ate elsewhere in the evening.Outside the lawns and pools were tailored and beautifully kept. Loads of brolleys and chairs[comfy]. the staff there were eager to help and not just for tips. The beach was clean and again loads of chairs etc.It is really an adult hotel but there are kids activities but not with loud speakers and annoying music. These were well organised and did not impinge on others.There is still some work going on in the hotel but this is discreet and does not distract you. When we were there they were fitting out a shop. It was done in a day and overnight and was open the next morning. Workmen are very disceet and there was no mess!Would I stay there again? Absolutely Yes if I could afford to. I was so impressed that to moan about trivial points seems very petty.	
Jun 21 2008 	Time will tell	We stayed at the Westin from June7th for a week and must say we really enjoyed our stay there and would add it to our list of will go back hotels.This hotel would be excellent for first time visitors to Dubai and to the more go with the flow visitor as well.As others have pointed out yes there were slight teething problems but we felt that the hotel was keeping on top of them and listening to the clients views.Check in desk is a bit on the small side and if there are more than 3 parties checking in/out at the same time then it may take a bit of time,hopefully this may be changed soon as they have a very good entrance lobby with loads of room.Bell Boys /Doormen were on their toes and were quick to assist.Checked in to a land view room which was as spacious as any we have been to in DXB bathroom was also of a good standard.Flat screen TV on which you could view your ongoing bill after 3 days.Rooms were very quiet and were serviced early each day.In and around the hotel____Pool areas were fab ,there is an adults only pool with connection to another pool a lap pool with a great view of the Atlantis and the Palm,a childrens pool is located next to this.Comfortable sun loungers and plenty of them as well. Pool staff were always helpful even to the more demanding clients who at times thought they owned the place and that they speak to the staff like they were 2nd class citizens.By the time we were leaving the hotel they were just starting to give out slush drinks in the afternoon so maybe they will start on the cool towels next,management were always around asking for peoples opinions on how they could improve the hotel .Restaurants------- Blue Orange Buffet great for breakfast and at night and although there was plenty of choice you could also have the same meal every night.There was various cooking stations like Arabic,Chinese ,European and Asian.This restaurant is due to shut down end July for 4 weeks for the tiles to be re lifted and laid and they may move it to the ballroom for that period.Hunters Grill was a very good value restaurant with first class food options although be prepared to spend a long time in it over the meal.Drinks wise costs were comparible with most hotels in DXB and the main bar had a very good selection of beers and spirits and for all the sports fans 3 televisions .We also visited the Mina next door for the Barasti Bar and enjoyed our time there as well although it was obvious that there were some who were unable to control their drinking habits.Taxis were at times difficult to get due to the hotel just opening but if there was a queue we nipped next door to the Mina who always had plentyThere is also a free shuttle to the G7D park and MOE although the times are not greatNow the minus points.Some of these are based on what is supplied by other hotels in the area and I feel they should also be included here as wellThere was no welcome drink or cold towel on arrivalThe decking near the kids pool was starting to warp and may become a hazardNo fruit in the rooms at night and bed turndown was around 5pmNo half board credit given any more if using another reataurant for meals.Although it is part of the Starwoods Group we were unable to get any SPG points added as they did not participate for some reasonIf this is all I could fault in any hotel then that means to me I have enjoyed it and am sure others will as wellNo doubt others may be able to add to the list but if the hotel keeps on top of it then I am sure it will not be long before it is in the top 10 hotels group.If anyone wants more info feel free to contact meGib	
Jun 20 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We arrived at the Westin at 8am knowing we wouldn't be booked in till 3pm. We were booked in straight away.. our room didn't have a balcony but i lived without it for 10 days. Reception was extremely helpful and polite.Room - Spacious, lovely TV, DVD player, Expresso machine, the bathroom was massive. It has a huge bath tub, massvice shower with 2 lovely showers in there and then a seperate toilet area in the bathroom. It has loads of shampoos, conditoners, body lotion, shower gel. Also loads of towels, soaps, cotton buds, cotton pads, hairdryer. Blue/Orange - Huge resturant with all types of food, Chinese, Indian, Sushi bar, Desser counter, Salad bar. The food was always lovely. The staff friendy.Pool Area - We stayed by the kids pool area everyday. The pool s great for kds under 10yrs i would say.. Its also shadeded and has 2 lifeguards on stand by. The staff here are extremely friendly and they work with a smile on their faces everyday. This hotel is of a 5* calibra, the little touches were there, cold towels by the pool, free ice drink shots, extra water, towels each night. I have also stayed in many fine hotels in teh world and this is not a bad hotel. Its a new hotel finding its feet and its done very well so far. The decor is impressive, staff very wecloming and friendly, service spot on. We never experienced anything bad and only ever received top treatment from everyone.	
Jun 18 2008 	Worth the wait!	Having visted Dubai many times and stayed in several hotels, I was looking forward to the eventual opening of the new Westin Dubai. And I certainly wasnt dissappointed, it was everything I hoped for and more. Certainly a stunning location and very impressive hotel, we definately felt the sense of arrival from the moment we drove up to the entrance and were greeted by smiling faces, something that we found was echoed throughout the hotel! Lobby was impressive and when we got to our room, our expectations were exceeded, which is difficult in somewhere like Dubai where standards are generally high from our previous experiences. Loved the idea of having a lap pool as well as a more casual pool, and breakfast was something else, just a shame it had to close each day!! Despite the fact that the hotel had just opened (and yes there were a few staff finishing off the odd thing but were no disturbance to us) you could clearly see day by day how this hotel was clearly set to become a leader in the 5* hotels on the beach. Beautiful rooms, great service, spoilt for choice in dining experiences (strongly recommend The Grill but book in advance!).. we are already planning on going back in December. My new favorite hotel on the beach!	
Jun 17 2008 	Not quite a 5 star!	I have just returned from a week at the Westin resort in dubai. There are things that are amazing and extremely disappointing. I have been to Dubai many times and will give an honest opinion. I was here on a half board basis, when we arrived I was told we could only eat at the buffet restuarant. I was not very happy about this, as the norm in Dubai is you can eat free in the buffet restaurant and get a discount at any of their other restaurants. I spoke to an extremely rude duty manager who said to me 'it is because we have people coming from outside the hotel to the restaurants' he also told me this has always been the case, which is not true, as I heard from other guests, you could do this when the Westin was first open. So guests are obviously not priority in the Westin which is good to know. Next day It took 3 hours and 5 calls to get my internet connection, TV and phone to work. The food in the Buffet restaurant is done to a very high standard, but it does not change it is the same every night. The service is awful here, the staff have an obbession with clearing tables, often you are trying to get somebodys attention and they are all in the corner clearing tables. I do not blame the staff for this, I blame the blue orange manager. If you are going soon expect lots of work to be going on in the hotel, drilling by the poolside etc.There are lots of good points too, rooms are lovely, adult only pools are great, for people who don't want kids running around. Then family pools for people with kids. Housekeeping, bell men and reception are really helpful and can't do enough for you. I don't think I would go back here, but I think it will sort itself out and become a great hotel in time.	
Jun 9 2008 	A Touch of Class - At the Westin!!!	I have recently returned from the Westin and out of interest read a number of the reviews. In the main the reviews give a fair representation of a newly opened 5-star hotel who have provided the many who have visited with free half-board upgrades as the hotel finds it feet in its first few weeks of opening.The hotel itself was furnished to a very high standard with very accomodating staff despite the slight language barrier at times, the food was excellent with plenty of choice and variety for all palates and age groups, with a number of restaurants on site to more than tempt you - excellent!. Overall, the facilities were in keeping with a 5-star hotel and the pools were just great with special mention to the pool side attendants who couldn't do enough for you!This is a hotel that can cater for all, although I do hope that once the Westin has concluded its initial special offers of free half board upgrades that its pricing reflects the clientele it wishes to attract in keeping with its splendour. I too can sympithise with those fellow travellers who remark about the moaning British tourist who flock on mass with unruly children who are better suited to the beaches of Skegness with their deck chairs, rolled up trousers and knotted handkerchiefs. As one traveller expressed their disappointment about the 'Adults-only' restriction to the Bussola pool bar, I would agree as for the majority of our stay we had enjoyed a leisurely swim to the bar with our children (who behaved impeccably!) to enjoy some refreshment from the heat, part of the enjoyment was the friendly bar-staff especially Hary! It is such a shame that the minority end up spoiling the enjoyment for the majority. In fairness such instances im sure were isolated and in the main the families and their children were well behaved from the various four corners of the globe.All said and done, if you are thinking of staying at the Westin and enjoy a touch of class then this is the hotel for you!	
Jun 4 2008 	awful by dubai standards	Having been to dubai for many years we normally stay at the jbh , madinat or mirage. my agent persuaded me to try something new hence we booked the westin on a club ex basis.on arrival we were told that the club ex lounge was not open yet however there is no mention of this on their website. Although i dont mind busy hotels i always book this room catagory as it provides a quieter haven within the hotel. I feel we were mislead by the westin chain on this point.A lot of reviews say about the hotel having teething problems, I did a lot of research and this hotel was supposedly ready to open in march and the staff have been in place since then training!The whole place was a shambles from the checkin to the breakfast room the non existent ex lounge and the non existent westin kids club also advertised as open on their website.When you have been to dubai many times you quickly realise that the customer service and general quality is not here in this hotel. They are placing themselves in the top bracket of hotels in dubai and even given teething problems are nowhere near delivering.Westin is part of the starwood group, this is their flagship in the UAE if their staff were struggling why didnt they draft more experienced staff from their other first class hotels in the area and stop selling room catagories they didnt have.	
Jun 4 2008 	New Hotel Friendly Staff	The staff at this hotel were generally very friendly and accomodating. They were a veritable United Nations from all over the world. The hotel itself is very grand with a Tuscan exterior but a 70's retro interior - a lot of yellow in the massive dining hall which might not be to everyone's taste. The lobby is a lovely meeting place with comfortable sofa's and live classical music in the evenings. The rooms were clean and comfortable if somewhat characterless. The pool area was very impressive but oppresively hot this time of year particularly because the garden is newly planted and so does not provide any shade. However there is lush vegetation next door at the Meridien which is open to all Westin guests. My daughter loved the Penguin Club at the Meridien which has a well-equipped outdoor play area. However the Westin will eventually open its own indoor kids club which should be a welcome relief when the heat is oppressive as it was most of the time we were there. In the end I chose this hotel because the room sleeps four comfortably with no special arrangements and that is a major advantage for families.	
Jun 3 2008 	In praise of the Westin	We have just returned from 4 nights at the Westin and we are very pleased that we did not read these reviews prior to going as they might have negatively influenced our opinion prior to our arrival. We have only positive things to say about the hotel - our room was fantastic, the service was wonderfully courteous and nothing was too much trouble. We agree with the comments about other guests being incredibly rude to staff and over reacting to minor things...if we are being generous perhaps the heat got to them! One of the issues that has been raised was that children were restricted in the areas where they could swim. Perhaps when parents are not concerned as to their childrens behaviour and children are dive bombing in the pool, lighting matches at the poolside bar you cannot be surprised when the hotel management reacts by restricting their access. Children still have a very large area to swim and enjoy themselves so I am unsure as to why people are complaining; surely those on holiday without children should also be entitiled to their own quieter area.All in all we had a fantastic trip and we would certainly consider returning for a relaxing break in the sun in the future and would readily recommend to others.	
Jun 3 2008	fantastic wow	we have just returned from this magnificent hotel, we had 5 wonderful nights here, we found this excellent value for money staying on a half board basis, we found the food to be very good with lots of choice (sushi bar, dim sum section, asian, and not to forget the desserts they are to die for!!!), we stayed in a deluxe sea view room (wow), we were stunned at the size of the room, 50inch flat screen t.v, nespresso coffee maker, large bathroom with seperate shower room, plus bath robes and slipper, the view from the room was amazing overlooking palm island and the new atlantis hotel, the pool and the beaches were spotless, and the hotel staff could not do enough for you, working very hard in this temperature(50deg) whilst we laze about the pool. overall we would recommend this fantastic hotel to everyone and not to put off by some reviews as this is a brand new hotel and the staff are doing there upmost. p.s shopping tip go to al karama £7.00 in a taxi designer handbags, watches, tee shirts etc etc, (got my white chanel bag at last he he he)	
Jun 3 2008 	Loved the Westin!!	Just returned from a fabulous week at the Westin DO NOT be put off by some of the reviews! I am hard to please! Hotel is fabulous beautiful,spacious rooms cleaned daily,complimentary water in rooms much needed as Dubai is HOT!Bathrooms are spacious and the showers are fantastic!Staff are courteous,and helpful great with children,we travelled with 2 boys aged 11 and 5 years they declared it the best hotel ever!!Penguin kids club has loads of activities and sports for the older ones.We stayed on half board,food is great in the Blue Orange freshly prepared and plentiful. We ate at pizza place Bussola within the Westin and it is really good however the wine is truly overpriced in here!Barasti beach bar at the Meridien next door is one of the best places in Dubai buzzing atmosphere most nights.All in all a great holiday in a lovely hotel we had no problems at all.The Richardsons	
Jun 2 2008 	A Perfect Hotel!!	I will try to write about items that are not covered by the other reviews. Sorry about spelling mistakes but I haven't got much time!Arrival - We booked through Letsgo2.com and we were met by their local contact (Travco). No delays. Air conditioned minibus took 25 mins to hotel as it was 1.00 am. Check-in at hotel was 10 mins. Concierge very polite, smiling and efficient. Took all our bags without any prompting so we could carry our 2 sleeping children. Room - Room was immaculate, beautiful, large, clean, luxurious bathroom. Huge plasma screen to the joy of my husband and sons (with internet, cable and games). Ordered burgers and it was delivered elegantly within the promised 30 mins. Then we SLEPT! Block out cutains so no light disturbance. Sound proofed walls so no disturbance. Breakfast - 2 omelete/Egg stations, 2 pancake stations, help yourself juice, sweets / fruit and savoury cooked buffet. Breakfast better than in UK 5 star hotels for sure. Hotel &amp; 3 Pools, etc - Grounds well kept, spacious, clean. Even though it was half term and busy, the hotel and suroundings were spaced comfortably so that you did not feel overcrowded indoor or outdoors. Childrens pool has a canvas cover so is sheltered from sun and it has a slide with a life guard supervising at all times. Rectangle pool with varying depths which is for lane swimming. Finally an adult meandering pool across the width of the hotel. 1 depth all along with 2 pool bars at both ends (great iced Mocha - thank you RAJ!) Very comfortable sunbeds with large soft towels for poolside and beach use (free of charge). Kayak boats for 1 or 2 free of charge for Westin guests.Restaurants - Blue Orange ( Tastefully decorated in Italian Murano glass). Tables were very well spaced to give privacy. Open for Breakfast /Lunch/ Dinner buffet. Breakfast coffee was proper coffee. Something for everyone. Delicious Chinese, Arabic, English, Indian, Sushi, cold seafood/meats/cheese and limitless desserts and ice-cream to die for. Try coffee desserts and ice-cream! My fav. Bussola - Nice location, good service, nice Italian food ( I felt it was over-priced but I guess you pay for view).Kids club - Not yet open but full use of Meridien which is 1 min walk (or take golf cart!). Recognition tags for parents and children. Outside play area with bouncy castle, slides. Indoor area with 2 playstations, art corner, games corner. Professional staff and my children met other lovely children and all were so looked after that we had to drag my 7 and 4 yr old out!!Check-out - 5 mins. Bills calculated correctly. Friendly service.Hotel organised our desert safari which was fun.Taxi (public and hotel taxi) available without any wait. Hotel near Ski Dubai, Mall of Emirates, Madinat Jumerah shopping mall and Wild Wadi water park.Didn't try the SPA or the GYM but that's for my next visit to the Westin.	
Jun 2 2008 	Not quite a 5 star (Yet...)	I stayed at The Westin with my husband and two children aged 5 and 3 from 22 May until 1 June. We realised that it was a new hotel and expected some teething problems as reflected in the booking price which I expect will soar as problems are ironed out. Check in was fine although there was certainly a bit of a language barrier and our room ( a deluxe sea view room) was very spacious and pleasant although there was barely enough hanging space for 1 let alone 4 people. The bathroom bordered on luxurious and the beds were very comfy. When I rang service express to see if the hotel could find me some aspirin for a sore throat they sent a nurse to my room and I had medication delivered within the hour so that aspect of the service was great. Breakfast in the Blue Orange was very pleasant but it was near the end of our stay before we managed to get tea or coffee at the start of our breakfast. Hunters Grill and Spice Emporium were pleasant restaurants too with food of a high standard although the menu was a little confusing. The pools are lovely and the sun beds very comfortable. The children's pool is shaded which was great and the lifeguards were very friendly and helpful and the kids all loved the slide which is manned all the time. There are three pools in total. A laned pool, the children's pool and a meandering 150 ft pool with pool bars at both ends. The pool bar at the Bussola end was made adult only at the end of our stay which is a shame as it stopped us from enjoying the full benefit of the pool. Either they need to cater for family's or single's but don't see how they can try to please everyone. Some of the tiles in the children's pool are already coming loose so expect that some work will be starting on it soon. There is also some work to the side of the pool and Bussola that seems to be moving at a snails pace and needs to be completed. The beach is pleasant although due to the location by the marina and The Palm there is no view directly out to sea. We stayed on a half board basis and despite our efforts to tell the staff at dinner the bill was always incorrect so check your bill thoroughly before settling up!! We found it easier to keep our own record and there was no problem when we paid. The staff were all friendly and happy to help and chat and overall our experience at the Westin has been a good one but I hope that if they continue to bill it as a 5 star then little touches like a turndown service, chocolates on the bed and just the little things you expect from Dubai will be added.	
Jun 1 2008 	Fake Luxury	I didn't like this hotel for several reasons :- Reception staff wasn't polite at all, it's like they hired them without an interview, and it's supposed to be a 5 star hotel.- It took 45 minutes to order a drink from the pool.- the tv was on and off for no reason ! - The Construction on the palm ruining the beach of the hotel, I recommend any nearby hotel on the jumeirah beach.	
Jun 1 2008 	Disappointed with the seaview!	We got an extremely good half-price rate half-board upgrade to stay in this hotel 21-26 May 08. We paid for the night before arrival as we flew Virgin Atlantic and landed at 07:00am on 22 May. We booked the airport pick-up direct with the hotel and were told to look for their desk on arrival. It was only after wandering round like headless chickens that we were pointed to the 'Le Meridien' stand instead, this could have easily been explained in the email from the hotel.On arrival we were dealt with quite promptly and shown to our room on the ground floor. Now this was a Deluxe Sea View room and whilst the room was lovely we couldn't see the sea as the swimming pool was in front of us with all the umbrella's etc! I asked to move and we were told there was only one room available and it was on the 1st floor which wouldn't be high enough for a sea view. Wasn't impressed! The patio door was broken, it didn't shut properly and it didn't lock. The aircon doesn't come on unless the door is properly closed! The lady told us it was very safe in Dubai, very little crime so we could leave our room unlocked and nothing would be stolen, nah, we waited in for the guy to repair the door! Also, we didn't want to be in 39 degree temperature without aircon, thank you very much!We had to ask 3 times for our room to be cleaned, each time we were promised immediate attention, nothing was done. On one time room service turned up to take a tray away, we'd never ordered room service and never had a tray to take away so they'd missunderstood, clean the room as clear the room.The Blue Orange Restaurant. We are a couple in our 40's, our children have grown up and flown the nest, we don't have grandchildren, we booked this hotel for a relaxing break and we end up surrounded by screaming kids putting their hands in the chocolate fountain, just what we expected from a 5* hotel, NOT!All children should be accompanied by an adult at the food stations, this is what happens in America and I don't see why it can't be implemented at this hotel. On one occasion we had to wait some time for toast and we returned to the table to find it cleared away ready for other guests!Considering the full price of this hotel would be the same as the Jumeriah Beach Hotel or the Madinat Jumeriah then I would stay at them over this.We left a letter of complaint and we're waiting for a written reply.All this said, Dubai is fantastic, loved every minute and we're going back next February but not to this hotel!Anita	
May 28 2008 	better than you think	We had a great time !! a bit worried after reading some of the reviews on the net before we left for Dubai.YES, it is a new Hotel, just a few weeks old, but I have travelled for the past 20 years in many countrie and have been in many hotels, none of them is perfect for everyone. Like most of you I was able to stay at the Westin Dubai on an affordable rate, just because it is new and the management is still settling. I was actually so surprise and angry after having read some of the comments and actually been there myself. Those guys are working under 45C running for 8 hours to get you a fresh beer or some cool water, they are trying hard to assist you, get confortable in a new environment, finding there ways, building habits and us lying by the pool or sitting relaxing having all the time in world, we are rude enought to complain for often things that are minimal and happen in all hotels.If you cant wait at Blue Orange in the morning, then get room service or get up and have breakfast earlier !! At the end of the day, the behaviours, spirits and smiles of the guests account for more than you think in the atmosphere of of hotel and for the best performance of its staff! It was shocking to see how actually lots of the guests were behaving, so rude, and had no manners, clicking their fingers up demanding instant service, moaning for a 5 min delay.And what did they enjoy at the end ?? how about the fantastic setting, how about the fantastic building, how about the weather (sun every morning) how about the staff who worked so hard in the sun, how about the good mornings and smiles that you are getting. What ever the problem, the management was ALWAYS there to help and assist, especially in F&amp;B. It is a fantastic place, which deserve to be praised and filled up with guests who can value and appreciate.	
May 26 2008 	some people need to get a life	arrived at airport at 1am to find no transfer to be seen so went to information desk. they phoned hotel and was told to go to the meridian desk. oh my god, whats happening.? we knew the hotel was just opening as this was 11may,its first day. a very polite man made his appology and we were hurriedly taken to a brand new merc. phew !!!. a little to long to check in (30 mins) and a rather heafty deposit to leave but refundable.the room was a sea view on 5th floor and was tremendous. from then on it was a joy to be there. bearing in mind it was just open i think there was bound to be a few teething probs, but these were put right straight away. only one problem was the room service was a bit slow one night, but hey!!!the staff all around the place and there was loads, from the gardeners, workmen to the front of house staff were totally polite at all times and never passed without saying hello or a smile. the food in blue orange was very good as was the other restaurants but be aware of the package you are on as half board means you have to pay for dinner after about 120 drms a head, but blue orange is free with pleanty variety. pool areas are brill, clean and safe for kids as loads of lifeguards about. dont listen to the whiners who are knocking this place, its 1st class and a lot cheaper to book than the meridian,(our friends were there with us and were as envious as hell), and we could use their hotel and restaurants etc but they could not use ours.be civil to the staff and you will be made to feel like royalty, maybe thats why some guests dont care for the place. i saw it for myself, some guests just dont have manners to the staff,place is immaculate, as it should be, and i will go back in 2 yrs time, as i got engagement ring there, cheap as chips in the gold park. £6000 value over here just over £2500 there, but barter like hell. happy hols to you all.	
May 25 2008 	Bigger is not always better!		
May 25 2008 	Great Location Needs to improve		
May 23 2008 	Staff training needed		
May 22 2008 	Great hotel just a few teething problems		
May 21 2008 	improvement required		
May 21 2008 	Mostly finished but dissapointing		
May 20 2008 	Had A Great Time		
May 18 2008 	Most disorganised hotel I have ever been to		
Sep 1 2009 	Eccellente :-)		
Feb 28 2009	ein ganz ausgezeichnetes Hotel		
Jan 13 2009 	Bellissimo!		
Dec 27 2008 	das Maritm war großartig		
Sep 30 2008	Super Hotel		
