	the new standards of luxury - shame on the burj al arab	I am an hotel owner (with good ranking on tripadvisor) and a good traveller.I must say that never in my life I have found such a combination of style, luxury and service. The staff is simply amazing, Anuj at the Sloanes restaurant or the bar manager at the 44 floor club just to mention a couple of people but everyone is simply extraordinary, working hard, efficient and always with a smile even in difficult busy times. Try to ask for directions for example, they will not give them to you...they will walk you there whatever they are doing !The best breakfast, rich and elegant. The bar at 44th floor is a lively elegant place with cheap drinks (about 50 dirhams for a Martini with an astonishing view). My room is the best room I have ever had. The indego restaurant is elegant and charming....Just a note to make a comparison. To visit the world famours Burj Al Arab I went there for a drink on the Sky bar. The only thing worth was the view. The lobby is tacky, without any sense of style and elegance, nothing to note at the bar in term of service not a nice glass or knife.... cheap stuff everywhere with some gold here and there...I think it is just a a marketing miracle. Same think for the Jumeirah beach hotel we went to visit. Cheap and without any sense of style. Thank God we were staying in Grosvenor and not in the Burj....for a fraction of the price.... Another note...try to go to the amazing Buddah bar of the Grosvenor and compare it to the Burj Al Arab...Budda bar definite winner. Congratulations to the marketers of the Burj Al Arab and to the wonderful people that makes the Grosvenor house a truly amazing place !	
	"THE" place to stay in Dubai	Don't be put off by the talk of building noise at the marina......you'd find it difficult to find somewhere in Dubai where they aren't building. The rooms are very sound proof and why would would you want to stay by the hotel pool when you can use all the facilities and beach at the Royal Meridien which is just round the corner? Not that the pool isn't lovely but it's in the middle of a very built up area. We checked in at 8.30am and were given a room straight away which is virtually unheard of in other hotels.....AND were given an upgrade to a suite. It was absolutely perfect......the beds are HUGE and sooooooo comfy.Breakfast is quite an experience......it could take a while to try out everything on offer - so make sure you arrive early!! They don't stop serving till 11am which is another bonus - you are on holiday after all. With the peace and quiet, the most comfortable beds in the world and black out linings you're likely to sleep in ....a real treat for parents away from the children!We booked a room with club lounge access which was another bonus......lovely surroundings and great drinks.....shop around and you should find an inclusive rate.This is isn't a cheap hotel ....but from research seemed the best value for money for what's on offer in Dubai. The attention to detail really makes this hotel stand out.They seem to have thought of everything.	
	The best 5 star hotel I have stayed in...however...	Problem number one.. the Hotel is bang in the middle of at least three other construction sites. There is significant noise during the day and into the evening and you could not sit on your balcony or around the pool area without encountering serious construction noise. So,if you are at all concerned about the noise then you should choose their sister Hotel Le Meridien Spa which is situated right on the beach and has the most fantastic gardens, pool and beach area that you are ever likely to encounter. As mentioned previously, should you choose the GH, there is a very efficient shuttle which takes you to Le Meridien Resort.The facilities are extremely good there and you are treated as a guest of the hotel.Problem number two... There isn't one..Grosvenor House is the best 5 star hoteI I have stayed in. It is absolutely superb. From the minute you step out of the car to visit GH you are met with friendly efficient staff who are all absolutely fantastic. We expected to wait for our room as we arrived there at around 8.30am. However, the check in procedure is flawless and you are served tea, soft drinks and pastries until your room is ready. We took the advice of fellow trip advisors and booked a club room. These are situated from around the 30th floor upwards and we had a very nice balcony view across the marina to the sea and The Palm. The rooms are very spacious and well appointed. It appeared that every time we went out, your room was cleaned. Fresh towels were placed in the room three times a day and the housekeeping in general was once again the best I have come across.We had the opportunity to visit Rhodes Mezzanine Restaurant, which must be very close to the best restaurant in Dubai. Service is very good, the food superb. We had a meal at the Burj Al Arab and I have to say that, in my opinion, Rhodes was better.We also experienced a visit to Indigo, their Indian Restaurant, and again, this was the best Indian meal you are ever likely to experience.Breakfast was again superb and it is difficult to keep finding superlatives for this hotel. There was everything from an egg chef, a pancake chef, sushi, fresh fruit, pastries, meats, cereals, up to a full english breakfast.All in all, having stayed at many five star hotels, I have to say that this must be nearer six star. The hotel is very difficult to fault in any area.Highly recommended.	
Nov 24 2009 	Simply amazing	So this hotel was in the middle of a building site when we went, and probably still is. We were therefore a little bit apprehensive when we arrived. As soon as the car door opened and we were greeted with Hello Mr &amp; Mrs Coventry! Free room upgrade and lots of nice honeymoon gifts.. We felt totally relaxed as soon as we arrived, and everything was taken care of. I put my shirts in to get ironed at 3am on the first night and they were back at 10 am the next day! Amazing! Food was also excellent! Make sure you get a Club room and use the top floor for afternoon tea and pre dinner nibbles and Champagne!	
Nov 21 2009 	Perfection	I really cannot say much more about this hotel that has not already been said.I spent just a weekend here with my husband for our wedding anniversary and it was just perfect.The food was outstanding, we ate in the Rhodes restaurant and the Indian Indego, it was hard to choose between the 2 of them, they were both fantastic. Bar 44 and the boys there were brilliant, always remembering your drink and service with a smile, they genuinely seemed to love their work.One minor irritaion over breakfast was soon sorted out by the very professional food and beverage manager and service throughout the hotel was top notch.I booked again twice more to go to this fabulour hotel after returning home, cant wait to go again.You will find little to complain about here	
Nov 17 2009 	Why would you stay anywhere else?	Just returned from a 12 day trip to this hotel and its sister hotel Le Royal Meridien. I have stayed here several times and stayed at Le Royal many times think they are the best hotels in Dubai...i have stayed in every hotel worth trying!Why? They have the best management and staff that make every guest feel special and individual. Nothing is a problem and every request is fulfilled. The hotels are excellent and the grounds of Le Royal are second to none. I always stay with club facilities and think the extra money you pay up front is worth every penny. Their club facilities are among the best in the world never mind Dubai.I recommend these hotels to everyone and no one has ever been let down. As my sub line asks...why would you stay anywhere else?Mark	
Nov 15 2009 	best holiday EVER	We stayed at the Grosvenor House Hotel last November with family and friends to celebrate our daughters 21st birthday. We stayed in a 3 bed apartment which was absolutely fantastic.we have booked again this November 24th-30th to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary and are going with friends and have booked a 2 bed apartment this time. we have also booked a meal at Rhodes Mezzanine to celebrate whilst we are there.This hotel offers its guest impeccable service, everyone is so friendly and nothing is too much trouble. The hotel knew it was our daughter's special birthday and she received a lovely cake, flowers and champagne left in our room. We had a drink in Bar44 and they too celebrated with a cake for her. She had the time of her life and we cant wait to return again next week.We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. We have been to Dubai 4 times and this is by far the best hotel we have stayed inWell done to all the management and staff at this wonderful hotel	
Nov 12 2009 	Truly Amazing Stay	This was our second stay this year at the GH , From the start to finish we had an amazing time , I had spoken to the staff at hotel before hand and mentioned that we were returning for my wifes Birthday , they could not do enough to accomodate us , from being collected at the Airport to checking in , and then little gifts to wish my wife a Happy Birthday , it was a perfect stay in every manner , Im already planning another trip , A BIG thank you to mark and his team ,	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent hotel	excellent hotel i recommend it for business or leisure trip, they have alot of free program for their guests	
Nov 8 2009 	3 rd visit to Grosvenor House still the best!	This was our third stay at this hotel and once again we could not find fault. Yes they are building close by, but this is Dubai and everywhere you look you will see construction so its not just confined to this hotel.I emailed the manager, Mark Kirby, about booking our stay and after several kind emails he took over the booking and the airport transfers.He always promptly replied to the emails and gave me all the details that were needed. I know that you read these reviews Mark, so once again a very big thank you. We met Mark one evening and he had remembered that we were celebrating our anniversary and also what restaurants in the hotel we were eating at [not bad considering the hotel was completely booked up]. This makes the service feel very personal as there were probably hundreds of people staying here during Ramadan. Although this was one of their busiest times, the staff always had time for you and nothing was too much trouble.We ate at Rhodes Mezzanine and Indegos, both fantastic, some say expensive but I dont think the prices are any different to good restaurants in the UK.The staff here are what makes this hotel what it is, by day two they remember your names and remember what you had ordered in the restaurants.We chose the club option again. The staff here are absolutely fantastic especially Joan and Theodore.They always remembered our drink choices and Theodore would make up different cocktails to try. They also had a good sense of humour.The rooms are luxurious and each night when they turn down your bed you are left with a flower, chocolate and a 'thought for the day' written on a bookmark. The rooms were kept immaculate and a little snack was left everyday.We used Le Meridien pool and beach facilities every day and also the pool at the Grosvenor, once again the staff here cant do enough for you.You are definately made to feel special here ,so we recommend this hotel and will be back for a fourth visit as soon as possible.	
Nov 8 2009 	A Shacky Start But Recovered Well....	We arrived around 5.30am, collected luggage and went to find our driver (part of the hotel package included transfers) out of all the hotels only ours was missing - we located him a few minutes later and where soon on our way....We were in the hotel 1/2 hour later, it then took an hour to organise our room key, we were asked to take a seat and then a lot of toing and froing took place, between us and the counter (the hotel knew our expected time of arrival several months earlier). They would ask for a credit card, this would then be taken away and then brought back to sign some 10 mins later. After a 9 hour overnight flight from Cape Town a little more efficiency would have been nice.The first room we were allocated a Club Room on the 39th floor had the most spectacular view of The Palm, what made it unacceptable was the smell of cigarettes, so strong you could taste them - as non smokers this was never going to be acceptable. After explaining this to reception we then waited nearly another hour in this room for them to organise a replacement. The new room was an upgrade to a one bedroom suite and was lovely. Again, efficiency was lacking as it took another 40 minutes and a phone call from my husband to chase our luggage. At this point we'd been in the hotel for 2 1/2 hours. Just as we were getting to sleep we had a phone call to see how the room was..... We gave up and went to the pool....The good news is from this point everything got better, the hotel is very stylish, the room was great and the service was spot on. The Guest Service desk was helpful and booked a couple of trips for us, both of which we really enjoyed. We ate in 2 restaurants including the Buhda Bar - a real treat. We had access to the Club Lounge which we used twice for evening drinks, the choice of canapés was good as were the drinks. The service in here was exceptionally good.A lot is written about the construction work in Dubai and yes it’s all true!!!! That said our room was quiet and we used the beach club in the other hotel so we were not really bothered by it.	
Nov 3 2009 	Superb in every respect	Having previously stayed twice at the Royal Meridien, we decided to book at the Grosvenor House this time, as it was half term and we thought it would be the quieter option. After the wonderful welcome at the airport, we were delighted as soon as we stepped into the lobby. The GH is so stylish and elegant, with marble floors and relaxing decor, unlike many of the hotels in Dubai which are very garish! The floral arrangements are simply fantastic. We had a one bedroom apartment, 1416, which was on the side of the hotel, with views of the marina and also across to the Royal Meridien and the sea. The building work is mainly at the front of the hotel so it was very quiet. The apartment was lovely, bedroom, kitchen, sitting/dining room and a separate toilet. The staff who serviced the room did a wonderful job - great supply of clean towels and toiletries and we very much appreciated the fruit and cake which arrived daily. We were there for six nights and had dinner four times in the hotel - Indego, Sloanes twice and Buddha Bar. All were of a very high standard, and one night in Sloanes, the chef made a chicken curry especially for us. Wonderful! One night we ate out at Frankies, the restaurant on The Walk which belongs to Marco Pierre White &amp; Frankie Dettori - this is highly recommended, though I am sure you need to book. Food absolutely fantastic, although there are two sittings - 7.30 &amp; 9.30. The remaining night we went to the Indian themed night at the LRM Brasserie, as we had been to that on our previous visits. This turned out to be rather disappointing, after the food at GH, with not a great selection of meat curries, although several vegetable ones.The Club Lounge deserves special mention. The afternoon tea and the canapes (which are different every night) are truly superb. The staff are so attentive and we would like to especially thank Swapnil in the Club Lounge who looked after us so well. He always seemed to be on duty and when we asked him about his days off, he just said that he loved his job. The views from the Lounge across to the Palm are breathtaking, especially during the day. Well worth asking to go outside on the balcony to take some photos.We went over to the beach at the Royal Meridien where the staff were great in sorting out umbrellas and sunbeds and regularly bringing cold towels, water sprays &amp; smoothies. There is so much space that is no problem to find somewhere that suits you, whether that is sun or shade, beach or grass.All in all, a wonderful week and we will certainly be returning to GH, rather than the Royal Meridien, which is more family orientated. With children, LRM would be an excellent choice, but for couples, GH every time!	
Nov 2 2009 	Superb hotel with great service	We have just got back from spending a significant aniiversary at GH, and the staff there made us feel very special. If your budget runs to one of the Club Rooms then go for it - access to the Club Lounge on the 44th floor is well worth it - the afternoon tea is wonderful and the limo transfer to and from the airport is very efficient! Our room on the 37th floor had breathtaking and uninterrupted views of The Palm, Burj Al Arab, etc. But hurry if you want this as GH's second tower is going up right in front and will eventually obscure views from the old part of the hotel. Others on here also mention the building work - even from 37 floors up the 24 hour working could be heard through the well glazed windows, though it didn't particularly bother us.The staff are GH's main asset - friendly, helpful and always smiling. What a great team.We particularly enjoyed breakfast on the outside terrace at Sloane's - only possible though when the temperatures dip towards and through winter. We also enjoyed the beach at the Royal Meridien - the shuttle from GH is easy and efficient - but who ARE those people who cover the loungers with towels at an unearthly hour??? There's room for everyone, so chill out!The location of the hotel is good, and will be better when the walkways around the Marina are complete. Taxis are cheap and access to Dubai Mall takes around 20 minutes in good traffic, the Creek in 30 minutes. So for beach and city access, GH is great. GH lives up to its name as a 5 star hotel for service, style and comfort. In spite of the very minor issues mentioned above we would most definitely stay there again. There are many young pretenders in the Dubai hotel stakes, but GH still beats them all!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	We picked the hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. We were not disapointed. We stayed in a club room and were picked up by a white Lexus from the airport. We would recomend a club room as it gets you a better room and access to the club louge. The hotel is very well laid out with very good restaurants and bars. There are number of great bars particularly bar 44 at the top of the hotel which has great views and lovely cocktails.The budda bar is well worth a visit although it is rather expensive for the standard of food. We have eaten in a number of michelin star restaurants and the food is not to that standard but is a similar price.The staff were excellent and extremely friendly. They could not do enoiugh to help. The hotel is very well decorated and guests are encouraged to be smartly dressed which adds to the ambiance. There is a shuttle bus to the beach which takes about 5 mins at the sister hotel, Le Meridian. The beach is beautiful and staff come round with cold towels and sorbe. The water is like a bath and there are life guards on view at all times.There is a lot of building work but it did not bother us as we used taxis everywhere. At night we also did not notice the noise being on the 37th floor plus the beds are extremely comfortable.Overal a great hotel where you can relax and enjoy Dubai. Dubai itself is not cheap but it is well worth a visit. Afternoon tea at the Burj is a real treat but I would not stay there. The Grosvner is understated whilst the Burj is just bling!	
Oct 31 2009 	Superb-will be back	From start to finish we throughly enjoyed our stay.The service and staff truly meet the five star quality. We arrived at 3am in the morning and we were greeted, welcomed and fussed over even at that hour of the night. We were given cold cloths and a drink and then brought up to our room where we wre deligthed with what we saw. The room was large with flat screen T.V., fresh fruit(which was changed every day), bottled water, beautiful bathroom, bathrobes, slippers, enough towels for 4-6 people, huge bed and lots lots more. Breakfast is to die for! It is a buffet and there is food to suit everyone from anywhere in the world (the american buffet was our favourite with waffles, pancakes, chocolate fondue and lots of fresh fruit). The turn down service was great ever evening, where a daily summary for the following day was presented with a rose and some chocolates.The location of the hotel is ideal. We liked the pool at our hotel because it was quiet but at a busier time it may become very packed. When you arrive down to the pool you are given a tray with water and fresh fruit. We made great use of the facilities at the sister hotel the Royal Meridien which was accessible by a shuttle bus which is only about a 5 min drive (it is only across the road really but the bus is very handy). The pool facilities at the Meridien were much busier(great for family and children) so we spent most our time on the private beach which is beautiful. The staff were wonderful and we recieved little complementary fruit flavoured ice drinks and cold face cloths during the day. There is building work going on around the Grosvenor house and even though we were facing a building site we still had a sea view and the building work was not disruptive because the balcony door kept most of the noise out. This did not affect our stay at all. We will definately be staying here when we return to Dubai.	
Oct 27 2009 	WOW!!!!! AMAZING!!	We went to this hotel for our honeymoon...wow!!! It was the most amazing time ever! We were welcomed with a cold drink and then told we were being upgraded. We had a HUGE suite, with kitchen, lounge area, dining area, not to mention the bedroom and huge bathroom! ON TOP OF THIS...we got complimentary access to the Club lounge: complimentary afternoon tea with the most gorgeous sandwiches and cakes, complimentary pre-dinner canapes and drinks (YES this included as much champagne as you wanted-they topped you up before you even asked!). The breakfast was already included but was unbelievable-sushi, pancakes made to order, you name it, it was there! The staff were wonderful, the barman remembered our drinks as we walked up to the bar, nothing was too much! We went to the sister hotel for the pool-it was no bother walking out straight into a complimentary waiting, air-conditioned car, then were treated like royality around the pool and beach. We really can't explain how wonderful this place was, and can't recommend it enough. There is so much more I could say and this review doesn't do it justice!	
Oct 27 2009 	The faith has been revived!	I recently had an unpleasant experience at the Grosvenor house at one of their restaurants. Assuming this would just help diners in choosing the restaurant and nothing else, I was pleasantly surprised when the hotel Manager took it upon himself to learn more about my experience and how he could improvise. Just the thought of management taking reviews and service seriously gives the hotel a 2 thumbs-up. In addition I was asked to re-visit the hotel for a better experience - a gesture very few hotels would even consider. The experience at Buddha Bar was fantastic. From the ambiance to the food. We booked for a week night assuming it would be quieter than usual and by 830om the place was packed. For a fancy place like that, the menu is surprisingly simple, which makes ordering far more easier. The staff were helpful in suggesting favorites and also allowed for breaks in between courses which added on to enjoying every course. Punctuality and service was key here. Food committed to arriving in 10minutes meant 10minutes and no later. It's the kind of service which leaves you with a happy experience and feeling special even if there isn't any special occasion. The hotel has clearly shown consistency in its service. A must go to when in town!	
Oct 23 2009 	Extreamly high quality very friendly and attentive staff very positive	Well, I write this review while actually staying at the Grosvener House. We had originally booked at the Le Royal Meridien however having travelled overnight from Europe we were offered a room immediately available at the Grosvenor House. Anyone travelling overnight knows that the availability of an early room is very appreciated.I must be honest initially I was releived at the availablity of a room yet a little concerned as the Le Royal Meridien has three pools and beach while the Grosvenor has an outside pool yet provides regular transport over to the Le Royal Meridien. (4-5 minute drive max)We were booked Club and were upgraded to an appartment suite at the Grosvenor which has seven, yes seven separate rooms, 42&quot; plasmas, fee internet etc. This is a fantastic room and we are very, very pleased with our room, the attention to detail of the staff and how friendly everyone is.Historically we have always stayed in premium leisure at the Madinat group of hotels and would really recommend the Grosvenor hotel, it feels more business orientated than the Le Royal Meridien as there are some restrictions on childrens access to the Club lounge for example on the 44 floor, although there is another alternative lounge families can use. All the childrens activities are over at the Le Meridien which is nearby anyway.In October the sun is only on the pool for half the day but you can use the Le Royal Meridien pools if you wish. There is lots of construction in the aera, most of this is nearing completion or not external so this should not be considered a major issue.The management at the Le Royal Meridien and here at the Grosvenor have gone out of their way to make this a great stay. To top it off as i type this review we have just been offered late check out which is the icing on the cake for us even though we only leave in a few days.A big thank you to the staff, we whole heartedly recommend staying here.	
Oct 15 2009 	TOP DRAW	If you want a really great hotel and service at very reasonable Dubai prices, can't be beaten from my experience, I'm critical to say the least, but so few points to be unhappy with, not even worth going into. Stay there, you will not be upset.	
Oct 15 2009 	2nd visit not so good	We stayed at the Grosvenor House in June for our anniversary, having stayed the same week the previous year on our first visit to Dubai.The hotel is lovely clean and the staff are wonderful but we were dissapointed with the way we were treated as returning customers after seeing many of the reviews on the site about upgrades.When we arrived the receptionist welcomed us, noted that we were returning and that it was our anniversary and said 'would you like an upgraded room', we of course said yes that would be lovely, and he started to give us a higher price! When we realised we were not getting a complimentary upgrade we felt quite embarrassed but he continued to 'reduce' the extra cost, pushing and pushing for us to pay more. After a good ten minutes of trying to persuade us we declined!So if your reading the reviews and think that upgrades are the norm at this hotel (as we did!) they are not!This hotel is great in terms of customer service and being made to feel special, but this did spoil it for us a bit and made us think of trying somewhere else next year.Also just to mention that the pool area is lovely and the staff great but with the new hotel being built directly beside it it does reduce the sunshine hours and will get worse i fear as the hotel gets taller!	
Oct 14 2009 	Everything you imagine and then more...	We arrived in Dubai at 0540, after a long and squashed 13.5 hour flight from Melbourne, so not in the best frame of mind at all. This all changed immediately after collecting our bags, and the luxury began. We were met by a charming man who took us to our chauffeur driven BMW, where upon the driver resumed the 5* treatment with iced towels and water. Although I hadn't arranged it, early check in was no problem and after an efficient service we were taken to our up-graded room immediately (our bags arrived minutes later). We were expecting a nice room as we had booked club, but the suite was magic - separate sitting room, dining area, kitchen, bathroom and additional toilet - all perfect. The room was on the 22nd floor, so the construction noise wasn't a problem either. The pool area is great and you are really looked after by the staff there. Our only tiny frustration was the lift system which we were briefly told about, but having been up for 36 hours neglected to fully understand. As a result we wasted a bit of time on the first day before realising the apartments and main hotel use different lifts! Having worked this out, it was very easy having to go down to the 4th floor in order to go up to the Grosvenor Club on the 44th. This was the best! Joan especially made this a great experience for us. Between afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks and canapes our every need was catered for. The Club is really well decorated and furnished with great sofas and club chairs, although it isn't that big you don't feel too crambed in by your fellow guests. The food here is great and extremely generous as were the drinks, whether you're looking for champagne or beer, nothing is too much trouble for the staff here. We also used the pool area and beach at the Royal Meridien, which is only a short shuttle bus ride away. This was also great, the beach allows you to get away from the construction for a while too, which is nice. All in all a fabulous 3 days and cracking value for money!	
Oct 13 2009 	Could not fault this hotel	We stayed for two nights at this hotel in September and we were delighted with all aspects of the stay there. Earlier comments about building work were off putting but it would be difficult to find places in Dubai where there was not any work nearby. The work did not impact on our stay in the slightest and it was difficult to hear anything inside our room except snoring!. The level of service was excellent. and I would stuggle to find anything that could be improved on. Highly recommended and I intend to use it again next year.	
Oct 13 2009 	first class - best 5* hotel I have stayed in!	Excellent hotel. Service amazing. Lobby beautifully decorated. Staff cannot do enough to help you and you are made to feel like a queen. We went for my Mums birthday and although at first she wanted to stay at the atlantis - because of the hype, i think she was pleased having seen said hotel that I had chosen this one!So tips for travellers. Rooms with great sea, atlantis and burj views also overlook noisy building work. Recommend views over the marina for less noise, and equally wonderful view (you still can see the sea as well!)Make sure you book the club rooms. This includes airport transfer with the seven series beemer, there and back. You have access to club lounge whch means separate breakfast area (or inclusive room service), afternoon tea and then re dinner drinks - all inclusive (with champagne coctails which when you see how expnsive alcohol is you will be pleased!). There is also a butler, although we did not use - it felt a bit unnecessary for me and my mum, but a great bonus if you are busy or there on work.Our flights did not leave until midnight, but the team at the hotel kep our luggage and provided the use of the spa areas for freshening up after making the most of the fianl day in Dubai. Really this was exceptional with all toiletries and towels available so you dont need to unpack and repack again. For me this was great and what set the hotel apart - Ive never had a hotel do this for me and I travel extensively for business.Overall a very understated, classy and chic place to stay - I cant reccomend this hotel highly enough.Things to do - gold souk - check out prices in the uk before hand and if you can get someone to go with you to verify the quality then its half the UK price. Although it may be just as easy to shop for jewellery in India as most of the souk shopkeepers were Indian anyway.Dont miss the budda bar even if only for one drink!Try out the lebanese restauran (ottomans?) and try a shesha in the plush surroundings and in the least intimidating environemnt to have a bash at it!The boats that corss the creek in diera - great fun - make sure you have change handy - 1 dirham each way per personDont bother with the emirates mall - its like benidorm - I preferred the dubai mall - a bit classier and they have a bellagio type fountain doing 'shows' every 15 mins - nice while having some cocktails - try 'the address' down that end of town.Atlantis - ok for a day out, wouldnt want to stay there - too much like las vegas but no gambling and more than double the price.Burj for afternoon tea - great experience although service faulted twice - did not have that issue at the grosvenor.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very good hotel - truly fantastic service	My wife and I stayed at this hotel on the way to Europe. It is attractively decorated and very comfortable and the suite we were upgraded to was palatial. However what really makes this hotel great is the level of service and friendliness and enthusiasm of its staff. We dined at the buffet restaurant for lunch and breakfast and were very impressed with the large array of options and quality of the food.	
Oct 11 2009 	One of the best places to stay at	I stayed here after my stay at the Westin. Initially I wish I stayed here. I checked in at the hotel at noon and went straight to my room! On my arrival I had a fabulous view, nice bed, room, and an assortment of bath products and apples. A downside was the construction noise.Since I was out for most of my time at this hotel I only ate at the club lounge on the top floor. I loved the atmosphere. The lobby and room was very nice. The club lounge is fabulous. It has a great luxury feeling. A down side is my room was much smaller than at the Westin. There was a lot more space in that room, but still I was only one person and it was adequate. The view of the atlantis from the hotel and the club lounge was an added plus. I had a feeling of being pampered at this hotel even though I barely stayed in it. One thing that impressed me the most is when I came back to my room at night my apples were changed to bananas! I was highly impressed by the gesture. This is the best property in Dubai. For the price I paid for, I felt like I received more than the value. More than likely will come back to this hotel in the future.	
Oct 11 2009 	Fantastic!!!	We stayed in the Grosvenor Hotel in March and it has to be the most sumptious hotel we have ever stayed in, my brother and his wife were speechless. Our suite was a delight, the decor beautiful, the hotel staff were so kind and attentive. I had ordered tickets to the Dubai World Cup via the Internet and the concierge arranged for a member of staff to collect them on our behalf, nothing was too much trouble. Our trip was an amazing experience.I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai	
Oct 7 2009 	Wonderful Hotel 5*	Booked into the GH for 5 nights with my mother as a pre wedding celebration. The LRM where I usually stay was fully booked for EID, so we decided to try the GH. Upon arrival in Dubai we were greeted by luxury car with Water and cold towels, welcome relief. At the hotel, We were then escorted to our 'room' this was a beautiful apartment with views over the swimming pool and marina!!! Truly beautiful, spotless and the attention to detail was fabulous. The staff at GH cannot be faulted, both in club lounge and Sloanes restaurant, where they are so helpful and wonderfully attentive, I counted to 4 seconds the longest before my plate was taken away once a course had been finished. At The pool, there is complimentary water and fruit if the day bought to your sun lounger!!!The staff smile, acknowledge and are amongst the best in the world. Go to GH and see for yourselves, a truly special hotel!!	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent hotel and service	My wife and I booked 5 nights in the Grosvenor House based on Trip Advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. We were met from our early mornining flight by one of the hotel's chaffuer driven BMW 7 series. It was 34 degrees at 730am so the cold flannel and water were very welcome. The driver could clearly see we were tired from the flight so didn't attempt to chat for the 30 minute drive as so many hotel chaffuers do. He just left us to relax and take in the sights.We were well aware that we wouldn't be able to check in until 2pm despite us arriving at the hotel at 8am so I had emailed the hotel previously and asked them if they could provide us with a room where we could sort oursuelves out. The reply stated that we would be able to check in straight away as long as the room was available. Unfortunately, the room wasn't ready which meant a few hours wait. We were given use of the Spa to freshen up and change into something cooler. We opted to just sit in the lobby and wait for our room to become available. After a couple of hours the receptionist came over and said we could now go to our room and because they had kept us waiting so long we had been upgraded to a suite. Firstly, we hadn't been waiting that long and secondly we full well knew that we had arrived early! They were so apologetic. I had to keep saying that it really wasn't there fault or problem for that matter. A great way to start our holiday.The room was 1 bed apartment complete with kitchen and BUTLER! Whatever we needed we just rang the butler and it was sorted - brilliant. The only 2 negatives for the room are the view of the building site opposite and the mini bar was extortionate, even in normal mini bar terms. TIP: buy duty free at the airport to take to your hotel. On the plus side the room gave us access to the private lounge on the top floor where complimentary food and drinks are served. This was excellent. In fact on 2 occasions we didn;t even go out for dinner we just had the canapes. The atomosphere is very relaxed and the sunsets views are excellent. TIP: Arrive for about 1740 for a window seat. Bar 44 opposite is also quite good after the lounge has closed.The hotel pool is not too good. It looks nice but is North facing(!) so doesn't seem to get much sun. The sun that it does get is generally blocked by surrounding sky scrapers. Instead, we used the regular shuttle service to Le Royal Meridian which is a 5 minute drive away. This hotel has 2 excellent pools and lovely gardens. Its also on the beach (which isn't that great). You don't need cash here as you can just sign for food and drinks as you would in the Grosvenor. The pool boys regularly come round with cold flannels and little shots of frozen juice to cool you down - a nice touch.Back at the Grosvenor we went to the Spa for a massage which was excellent and as you would expect for a 5 star Spa. We also used the hotel to book a Desert Safari which we highly reccommend. Be warned the 'Dune Bashing' can and will make people feel sick! The Buddah bar next door is a sight to see. It has to be one of the best decorated bars in the world. We went for food and as we arrived late were put at the back of the restaurant on our own as no other tables were available. When we told the waitress that we were staying in the hotel she disappeared and came back a few minutes later and had miraculously found us a great table right in the middle of the main restaurant! Very nice.All in all the hotel is excellent. I imagine a lot of hotels in Dubai are similar to this but I think what sets this one apart is the staff. They are so helpful but without being over bearing. They cannot do enough for you. As soon as you want something they just seem to appear and they also remember your name. When we checked out the receptionist (a different one from when we checked in) apologised for keeping us waiting on arrival. A very good operation.	
Oct 6 2009 	Luxury	It was mine and myhusbands first trip to Dubai and we were somewhat apprehensive. Upon our arrival we found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly which made us feel at ease immediately. Would definitly recommend this hotel to everyone as service, cleanliness and staff are second to non.The free shuttle to the Mall's and the beach are frequent, and make life so much easier. Should we ever be lucky enough to visit Dubai again...we will definitly be staying here.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great for business and leisure	I have stayed at both Grosvenor House and its sister hotel, Le Royal Meridien. In both cases, I was staying on business but tacked on an extra day to relax. Can't say enough about the wonderful service, the facilities, and - as others have mentioned - all the little extras. Location is extremely convenient and cabs are always available. I spend all winter daydreaming about the Royal Meridien pool. Definitely the place to stay in Dubai. I did have some issues with the Internet connection but as I decided I could manage without it and didn't ask for help, I don't know if the problem was the connection or my laptop.	
Oct 4 2009 	GH great business hotel just average for leisure	I've stayed in GH for 4 nights for special promotion for less than €150/night. The hotel is well located for travelling in Abu Dhabi direction (e.g. opposite to Dubai centre). So we avoided some traffic jam every day. The construction of the second tower of GH means noise 24/7. However, the isolation is good and it didn't impact my sleep. Annoying is that GH is in the middle of construction site and if you want to go anywhere (beach is 300m) you have to take taxi or hotel transport. Room is spacious, luxurious materials, clean and with all usual equipment. The Bulgari amenities in the bathroom, or tea&amp;coffee were not replenished. Could be because of our short stay or negligence, who knows?The staff is very kind, polite and helpful. There is not much they can't help you with. On the other hand when we came the didn't have our reservation. Similar situation happened to my colleague the same week. Eventually everything was solved, but they have some room to improve in administration/booking.	
Oct 2 2009 	What luxury is really about!	There is hardly anything negative you could say about Grosvenor House - from the very first moment I walked into the lobby (extremely tired from a day of travelling) I was very impressed by the friendly and helpful attitude of ALL staff! Everybody you come across greets you with a smile on their face, and as soon as you stop and look as if you need something, they immediately offer their help, and are then actually able to help you!I don't want to waste any time on pointing out that the rooms are spotless, the bars in the hotel are very nice, the pool area spotless, etc etc etc. This is something you can expect from a 5 star hotel I find. What makes the Grosvenor House stand out are the little things that make it so enjoyable. For example, when you leave your room in the morning and you come back, there is always a fresh bowl of fruit waiting for you, plus a beautiful piece of cake, and sometimes a rose. As soon as you stand in front of one of the reclining chairs at the pool, there is friendly staff putting a towel onto the chair for you, and within the next minute, you have a glass filled with ice cubes and a bottle of water, plus a cooled apple or pear. These little perks pop up everywhere, and make you feel pampered in a not-in-your-face kind of way.For the travellers who want to explore Dubai: staff are extremely competent in booking tours for you at the hotel, so you really don't have to plan ahead. Also, cab rides are very cheap, so you can get anywhere in Dubai for less than 60 dirham (around US20), and to the main attractions usually between 30-50 dirham. The adjacent bars and restaurants are absolutely beautiful, and I think you would seriously miss out if you didn't book yourself in for at least a table either in the Buddha Bar or the Indego.The only one thing I would criticise is the poor internet experience on your TV screen in your room. The browser is ancient and struggles with the most basic sites, which makes the 75 dirham it costs for a day of surfing a rip-off. However, if you travel with your own laptop, you have wi-fi in your room for free.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, and would like to thank all staff at Grosvenor House for making it such a great experience!	
Oct 1 2009 	The Best	Superb rooms, club lounge is very nice especially the champagne breakfast. Spa is good value for a shave and a pedicure. Continual problems with room key card which started to annoy me.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good Hotel with excellent service	My husband and l stayed in this hotel for 8 nights. We had a lovely time and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience. As previously stated in other reviews there is a lot of building work nearby, but this did not spoil our overall enjoyment. The hotel pool is fairly small, and it only gets sunshine for a few hours but because l had checked this site we were prepared for this. The staff at the hotel pool are excellent and very attentive. We did also used the pool at the sister hotel and this was enjoyable although the service there was not as good - possibly because it was so busy.. We had booked a Club Room and we used the facilities in the evening. This was really good value for money, the staff were excellent, and we met some lovely people expecially Tina,Steve and Melissa. All in all we had a great time and we would certainly go back.	
Sep 29 2009 	horrible experience expensive noise all night long	a new building is under costruction in front of the hotel and so cover the view of the sea and a lot of noise during all day and night also with the window closed! you can't sleep all night long, the position of the hotel is horrible	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic Stay Cannot wait to return	We have just returned from this hotel and were so sad to leave! We have been to Dubai twice before and stayed in the sister hotel The Royal Meridien so were not sure what to expect however we were not disappointed!This hotel is pure luxury.Prior to arriving we contacted the hotel manager as we were a little worried about the construction noise due to the work surrounding the hotel following reading reviews on trip adviser.The manager kindly gave us a room on a higher floor with fantastic views over the palm jumeirah WOW! we neednt to have worried as the noise was minimal.The hotel lobby had beautiful flower arrangements - spectacular bunches of roses!.The room was fantastic - beautiful views,lovely decor and very comfortable bed.We booked club level which was excellent,the club room was located on the 44th floor and had amazing views over the arabian gulf/palm jumeirah it was so relaxing just gazing out of the window watching the sun set.The club room staff were brilliant very attentive and even remembered our names and what drinks we liked.Special thanks to Joan who was lovely.Breakfast in Sloanes was brilliant there was so much choice,everything you could imagine was there even gluten free bread!There was a great selection of restaurants even Garry Rhodes has a restaurant here, Mezzanine, which was a real treat.There is a shuttle which takes you from this hotel to the Royal Meridien which is great as you can use the pools/beach,we spent most of our time during the day here relaxing.The Gym was very nice with very modern equipment better than our gym at home.All in all we had a fab holiday and cannot wait to return hopefully in the v near future.	
Sep 28 2009 	Did I Stay Somewhere Else?!?	Stopped here for an overnight stay on our return from the Maldives. We choose this property mainly due to the good reviews on here and a bad experience during our last visit to Dubai at the Jumeriah Beach.Firstly, let me point out that we have been very fortunate to stayin many &quot;5 star&quot; hotels over the last few years (see other reviews) and so would like to think we have good experience to draw upon when writing these reviews.We had booked a Club Executive Room via the hotels own website and got a very good price although the website and information on the room tyep was very poor (ie not immediatley apparent I had booked a smoking room, no mention of airport transfers or other club executive priveleges). I had to fire off several emails and make one phone call to Dubai before departure to make sure airport transfers were included and to book ours. Despite this, the staff I did eventually deal with will freindly and professional at all times. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite although I strongly suspect this was because the hotel was at 100% occupancy. As nice as this was, it did mean a room on a lower level which was more prone to the buliding noise from next door....the main reason we had booked a club room! Luckily the end of Ramadan celebrations meant public holidays and therefore no construction (or noise) during our stay. The suite was of a comfortable size but did not have a balcony, the TV remote was threadbare / not working and a handle on the cupboard fell of as soon as I touched it.......not very inspiring. There was no information in the room regarding the executive/club lounge and so we had to call Guest relations to figure out the &quot;protocol&quot; for the evening canapes/drinks.The room entitled me to use of the free in room broadband internet although this was extremely slow and tempremental....no good if you were visiting on businessWe used the pool area to refresh ourselves after our flight and found it very average.....average size pool, average service, below average view. We then retired to the 44th floor for drinks/canapes and found that the club lounge was (unsuprisingly due to the occupancy) full and we had to be moved to another area of the bar itself which was still very nice and had good service.We ordered room service rather than eat out as the main purpose of our visit was a restful nights sleep. The food was mediorce at best.....cold chips, nachos looking like they'd simply been blitzed in the microwave with a lump of cheese on top.Worse was to come when we went down for breakfast.....the hotel seemed to have been transported from the Costa Del Sol.....hoards of english tourists in trunks, t-shirts and sandles and a queue to be let into the dining area (Sloanes). I appreciate this is one of the busiest times of year and that buliding works means low rates, less &quot;business&quot; types and more &quot;tourists&quot; but at this point the Grosvenor House certainly did not live up to it's 5 star reputation! The queue was badly managed and we were seated after approx 10 minutes (I think we were moved forward due to being in a Club room which was nice for us but not for those still waiting when we finished 20 minutes later). The buffet, although expansive, was very low quality and again, due to the high occupancy queues for hot food were long, staff were visibly harrassed and we left after a quick pastry and what ever cold meats we could get our hands on!All in all then, a very dissapointing visit which has tarnished our view of Dubai even more. I think we were unlucky to visit when we did but given our overall experience I don't think this hotel warrants being either 5 star, or 4th in Dubai......of course many others, the vast majority in fact seem to disagree but all I would say is look at their past reviews and judge for yourself who you may choose to believe......If you want a cheap but relatively &quot;nice&quot; hotel in Dubai and aren't put off by hoards off holidaymakers, building works or having to get a bus to the beach then this maybe the hotel for you. If you want class, style, good service, business facilities and 5 star then look elsewhere	
Sep 28 2009 	BEST HOTEL STAY... EVER!	Just got back from Dubai, and although I'm usually months behind with posting reviews, the Grosvenor deserves the special attention it afforded us over the last three days! We booked about a month ago, and my partner emailed the hotel to explain we were celebrating a special occasion to see if they could offer us anything to celebrate.We didn't get much of a confirmation back so weren't expecting anything, but upon arrival we had been upgraded to a one bedroom suite!The suite had two bathrooms, dining area and fully fitted out kitchen, including dishwasher! that put our two bed apartment in Leeds to shame! The views were fantastic and the service truly exceptional.Many amenities are at the sister hotel, but the Grosvenor does have its own pool and spa - we enjoyed a 'Rasool' (sp) mud treatment that only cost around £45 each and was well worth it.The only let down in the hotel was Indego restaurant - supposedly overseen by Vineet Bhatia, the overpriced food resembled a Morrisons takeaway for two - not what we expected from such a great chef! Must be aimed at people with little experience in Indian food, but as someone who has lived within walking distance of the best Indian restaurants in the West Mids and Yorkshire, this was a disappointment.As we only had a three night stay, we didn't get chance to try the other restaurants, but room service is a must - very reasonably priced and massive portions. Breakfast was also fantastic, so don't let my Indego comments put you off - this truly is the best hotel I have ever stayed in - No. 1 of well over 200 across four continents so please give it a try if you're staying in Dubai!Couple of general tips - try Tagine at the Royal Mirage - beautiful food; make time for a trip to Wild Wadi Water Park - but don't hire towels - at £4 each they are just not needed, in the heat you are dry before you get back in a taxi!Overall, we will definitely be going back to Dubai, and definitely staying at The Grosvenor again - well done guys!!	
Sep 26 2009 	Great stay	Our stay was just perfect. We booked a two bedroom apt that was very spacious. It had a master huge bedroom and another bedroom with two large beds. The apt has three bathrooms including the one in the master room. The hotel it self is very neat. Staff were great and very hospitable which what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. We spent all 5 nights around the hotel and didn't bother much with Dubai since it was a an official holiday in the UAE and dubai is crowded this time of the year. The hotel has access to the meridian resort beach and facilities. We jumped on their shuttle everyday and spent the whole day at the beach. Our overall stay was memorable. I would definitely come back.	
Sep 23 2009 	Best Night Sleep I've had in a hotel for 2 decades	The suite was excellentThe service was impeccableThe huge bed was ever so comfortable ... fit for a kingBreakfast was varied, fresh and delicious.I'm sure Victor Kiam would buy this hotel :)	
Sep 22 2009 	100% sheer luxury	We booked the Grosvenor House and upgraded to the Club Lounge offer which included airport transfer, breakfast and access to the Club Lounge for free drinks, nibbles etc. We expected a minibus or taxi pick up but were picked up in a 7 series BMW ! On arrival, the hotel discovered we were celebrating our 15th wedding anniversary and immediately upgraded us to a 1 bedroom apartment - very nice ! The tone was set for the stay and things pretty much continued in the same way. The service was faultless ; staff address you by name almost immediately ; the quality of the room is exceptional with little surprise gifts left in the room each day. This hotel over delivers on EVERYTHING. Highly recommend the Club Lounge option which is very generous with the drinks and nibbles. We will visit Dubai again with the kids and stay at the Meridien Beach Hotel which is more child focused but the Grosvenor House is firmly in our little book of favourite hotels to escape to for future trips on our own.	
Sep 22 2009 	As good as the reviews say!	We've just returned from a week's stay at the Grosvenor on our first trip to Dubai. Tripadvisor is generally my first port of call when looking for places to stay when visiting somewhere new and having read the many reviews on the hotels there, we decided that the Grosvenor was the place to stay.Like many reviews suggest, we booked a Club room, which is well worth the extra. Having read comments about the amount of construction and the noise around the Dubai Marina, we were going with our eyes (or ears!) open. We were given a room on the 37th floor, which gave lovely views of the beach, the Palm Jumeirah &amp; the Burj Al Arab, which stands proud in the distance. Although they are building the 2nd Grosvenor tower right next to the hotel and directly below our room, noise wasn't an issue in the slightest - the double glazed windows really do do an excellent job of keeping the noise out.The Club lounge, situated on the top (44th) floor is excellent, along with its staff. A special thanks go to Joan, Zia &amp; Theodoro (who mixes some great cocktails!) for making us feel so welcome and doing such a superb job. The food/canapes were very tasty and in plentiful supply, the variety on offer changed each night, so no boredom of eating the same food night after night. Drinks were topped up/renewed as quickly as you could drink them - so no holding back on that front either.As for breakfast, the selection was outstanding - ranging from meze to smoked fish to sushi to full English to fresh fruit and everything in between. Again, all the staff were spot on and the chefs were more than happy to cook anything you could think of - everyone with a pleasing smile when serving you.The client services desk was another area that stood out with special thanks to Louelle. She arranged a desert safari for us (a must do activity if you've got the time), tickets for the water park (both of these were also cheaper than booking direct) as well as offered sound advice on what to do and where to go, helping to make our holiday that extra bit special.If I have to be picky about anything (&amp; I mean really really picky!) then I would have to say that the internet access is too slow (I was only getting 0.5 Mbit/s) and that the pool area isn't ideal to lounge around all day as the sun disappears around 2pm. This however is a complete non-issue if you use the excellent pool &amp; beach facilities at the Royal Meridien which is less than 5 mins away in the complimentary shuttle. Whilst we were told that this runs every 15 mins, we never had to wait any longer than 5 mins and it often ran on demand. The staff at the Royal Meridien were also excellent, however I think the Grosvenor has the slight edge in this area - but both really do excel in making you feel most welcome.Overall a very pleasurable stay and somewhere I can highly recommend, whether it be for business or pleasure. Having stayed in some very impressive 5 star hotels around the world, I can honestly say that this is right up there with the best. We will be returning to Dubai and will definitely be returning to the Grosvenor.	
Sep 18 2009 	First Class Luxury	Stayed at Grosvenor House before a business meeting in Dubai. Amazing service...great location. Aside from the impressive lobby, rooms, food etc...some nice points:- Was under the weather and hotel staff had medicine delivered to my room- Bought a suit at Harvey Nichols...hotel tailor came to my room and altered it with no hassle- At the time, the hotel had a free shuttle bus service to major malls in the area- Couldn't get a last minute reservation at the spa... but did manage a nice haircut- Fitness center and pool were perfect- Got a great summer rate- Two issues: 1) lots of construction (like all of Dubai at the time) and 2) werent set up with Starwood points system yetAbout to visit again this weekend with wife and daughter to treat them as well. Looking forward to it.	
Sep 16 2009 	A master class in service and faculties	My partner and I stayed at the Grosvenor House hotel, from the 9th to the 15th September, we were looking for something contemporary and not oppulent dripping in gold. We booked through Expedia and through reading tripadvisor upgraded to the Club room. We are so glad we did, we received a free airport transfer and because we arrived early our room wasn't ready, so after a drink by the pool we checked into our upgraded suite on the 29th floor. We had a lounge, bedroom, kitchen and 2 bathrooms - what a start! As part of the club package you get access to the club lounge, where everything you read is true, canapes (really a running buffet for 2 hours) and enough cocktails/beer/wine to sink a ship. We only paid an extra £20 a night for this upgrade and along with the breakfast - must have received at least £200-£300 worth of food and drink free every day. This of course left money for drink, which at nearly £10 for a glass of wine was a godsend. Yes it does have construction all around the hotel and you can't walk anywhere, but with the spa, pool and Le Meriden over the road - why would you need to? I never even heard much construction noise - even sitting by the pool. My only negative point would be the lack of information on the restaurants and bars within the actual hotel. There wasn't an information pack, nor much signposting around the hotel (we were there 6 nights and only on the 4th night did we realise there was a Gary Rhodes restaurant in the hotel). Of course if you ask; people are happy to tell you, but when you don't know what you're asking for - you may miss out. But whatever you do, don't miss the Buddha bar - food and atmosphere was fab even in Ramadan.	
Sep 6 2009 	Getting better all the time	Our fourth stay this year and it's the best place and getting better all the time.Special is the recognition by the staff. The reception at the airport all the way till you are in your room is just amazing. The friendly and very efficient staff make your arrival very special. The amenities in your room are presented very tasteful and the consistency in service, service delivery, and F&amp;B is just very special	
Sep 6 2009 	A Wonderful Experience	My wife and I stayed at the Grosvenor House to celebrate our wedding anniversary, so naturally I was keen to make it as special as possible. I emailed the hotel a week prior to our arrival explaining the requirements for my stay with them, and was delighted that within the hour I got a reply saying that everything would be taken care of.The airport transfer was excellent. My wife was flying out to meet me and is a bit nervous travelling by herself, however no sooner had she stepped off the plane the driver was there to help her through passport control and baggage claim. The car was spacious and comfortable and the driver was extremely courteous.We arrived at the hotel quite early, and I was delighted to find that our room was ready for us to check in before the usual time. Check in was efficient and stress free, the reception staff were so friendly, and they made us feel really welcome. I had booked a premier room for our stay. The room was clean, well presented, had good air conditioning, a well designed bathroom, and a balcony so big you could have had a cocktail party for 50 people on it. I was touched that the hotel had a complimentary bottle of fizz to celebrate my wedding anniversary in the room waiting for our arrival, it really set the mood.The care of the room was very good. Housekeeping serviced the room everyday without fail, and did this at anytime on request. Water was constantly replaced, bedding and towels were changed everyday, and there was always someone at night to turn the bed down. Service was friendly, discrete, and flexible to my needs.The Grosvenor Club was a delight, it has fantastic views, and the best service I have experienced anywhere. The staff were enthusiastic about what they did, and did it with aplomb. They were knowledgeable about the cocktails they served, and made my wife and I feel so special when talking with us. The food was first rate, with good variation.Bar 44, and Buddha Bar are very good. The drinks are of a reasonable price, and made really well by the very friendly bar staff. Service was first rate.We had our breakfast at Sloanes, and it really has to be experienced. I have never had so much choice when it comes to having breakfast. The waiting staff were efficient and friendly, and anything that was finished with was removed from the table in a timely but discrete manner.There was a lot of building work going on around the hotel, this didn’t bother me personally, but I could see why it would bother some people. If building work does bother you, a holiday to Dubai is not recommended. It is everywhere. I would wait a couple of years when it has moved on. We had no problems walking the perimeter of the hotel and part of the marina, although it is a bit bare. I hope that when building work finishes there will be some gardening involved to add some much needed greenery.Overall, I cannot rate this hotel highly enough. I have stayed in hotels all over the world, and this one is by far and away my favourite. It is the level of service that sets it apart from other hotels. I lost my mobile phone in a taxi, the hotel security found it within an hour and I had it back within two. All the staff were fantastic, and they made my wife and I feel almost like we were the only guests staying at the hotel. I will most definitely be coming back for a return visit.	
Aug 26 2009 	wonderful	All in all the hotel was amazing coming from the americas we would certainly expect to pay hundreds if not a thousand or so for a room along with the service. We had a very long flight 15+hours upon arrival we had to check into the hotel room Orbitz somehow messed up with are plans so watch out for that...the hotel saw that my girlfriend was upset and &quot;upgraded&quot; our room to an apartment suite on the 10th floor. The &quot;butler&quot; took her bags up to the room he turned on the lights for us and asked if we needed anything else. WATCH OUT FOR THE MINI BAR AS THEY WILL CHANGE YOU FOR ANYTHING YOU OPEN!! We tended to get room service because it is the cheapest thing most places range from 100-300DHS The food was great and service was fast. The hotel pool was quite nice as this hotel seems more for couples or older people. The &quot;sister&quot; hotel is across the way the beach there is very nice it has places where you can lay out along with 2 pools a bar located in the pool. They offer towels upon arrival there. The water has a net which allows for a safe swiming We also went to sevral of the malls there. The dress code is just causal what I can say is you can wear shorts but you get strange stares just as long as you dont dress to the extreme you can relax about it...there were quite a few childrens stores along with all of the european fashions in the mall with food stores that were almost always located in the mall and open 1 hour later then the mall.Parking is free most of the time unless you stay more then 3 hours in some places then they will charge you more. Fast food is diffrent most meat will taste different. the pepsi does too along with ketchup included in everything you order. I really couldnt compare dubai to anything. Yes the citry is new and the roads are VERY VERY VERY confusing along with the tolls you cannot aviod. But we Very much so enjoyed duabi. Its new diffrent and very relaxing. We both felt at ease being so far from home. Along with feeling like we were the only americans there. We most deffently will come back if and when they finsh dubailand.	
Aug 24 2009 	Dubai Oasis	Let's get the negative out of the way first - the Dubai Marina is a &quot;work in progress&quot; and is likely to be so for some time. This means construction work, and plenty of it. Having said that, you can avoid this by a) getting a room on a high floor and b) no expecting to walk around at street level (which is frankly unrealistic in Dubai anyway). Also the internet is a bit too slow for work purposes.Onto the positives - the staff deserve a special mention. They were universally polite, friendly, enthusiastic and professional. Special mention goes to the Guest Services who handled every request with care and aplomb. The building itself is of a very high standard and the 45th floor Club Room is an excellent place to relax with a drink. If you had to pick a failing it would be that the pool is a tad cramped. Luckily the Grosvenor shares (very good) facilities with the (beach front) Maridien Grand which is 5mins by shuttle. Lastly the room, we were on the 35th floor which was high enough to not be bothered by the construction noise. The view over the Palm is awesome but likely to be obscured by the new tower going up next door, but for now it's top notch. Interior fittings were modern and tasteful, and size-wise the room and bathroom would count as a mini-suite in New York or London. Especially liked the little touches like the evening snacks left by housekeeping.All in all a fantastic hotel to stay in - the staff, the atmosphere and the quality of the service make it a real oasis of calm in a crazy city. Already looking forward to the next time.	
Aug 20 2009 	a gem in dubai marina	this was my second time in GH , this time with family and as before it has been a great stay, we got into club room with brakfast included ( and what for a breakfast selection) club bennefits as afternoon tea and drinks in the night.Room was immaculate ,really good bed, amazing bathroom and toiletries from Bulgari.Service is at any level perfect , all staff are friendly and well trained,Lobby and all bars and restaurants are kept perfect , flowers are shattered all over and with a taste hard to describe .You can enjoy the service and facilities of the sister hotel Le royal meridien that has a long beach and several pools, Staying at GH is just pleasure and I will strongly recommend to those looking for a upper accomodation in any sense.Yes there is a buliding just in front of the hotel ( they are building the second tower) and may be disturbing with room facing it , just ask higher floors or pool view .Nobody's perfect but they do try their best...always	
Aug 19 2009 	Luxury hotel with a staff dedicated to personal service.	We just spent 10 days at Grosvenor House with our 14 yr. old daughter in a one bedroom suite. Our flight was delayed 6 hours and there was still a car waiting to pick us up at the airport. From the moment we checked in we were catered to. The butler explained how the digital bedside displays controlled all the lights and housekeeping services, and how the T.V. remotes worked for both rooms. A full size twin bed was brought in for our daughter complete with Egyptian cotton down duvet set and sheets. The suite was decorated in light neutral colors with contemporary style furniture with chrome and glass accents. Each room had it's own large plasma T.V. and wall of floor to ceiling windows opening onto the private balcony complete with table and chairs. The drapes were floor length with black out panels behind the sheers. The room had its own safe, full size hair dryer, totally stocked mini bar, tea service stocked with tea and coffee and electric tea pot. Sumptuous bath robes and slippers were provided and even the toiletries were Bvlgari. The bathroom was chocolate and cream marble with chrome accents and the towels were large sized bath sheets. This hotel has thought of everything from the nail files and sewing kits down to the cotton &quot;Q-Tips&quot; and complementary Aquafina drinking water supplied in the bathrooms. The fresh fruit was changed out daily. There was construction next door but we never heard any of it. When you used the exercise room the staff brought you ear phones, water and towels. At the pool the staff brought bottled water, ice, fresh fruit, and scented chilled face towels to each guest and they kept the water and ice refilled all the time. Guest services set up our desert safari and deep sea fishing trip for us and made sure we were given the best rates and services from the other companies. Breakfast was included and it was a huge buffet with everything you could imagine! The personal service and attention to detail is incredible. If you want to be pampered and treated like royalty this is the hotel for you!	
Aug 19 2009	Quite Possibly the best hotel experience of my life...	This hotel is as the title says..from start to finish I was taken away by the level of service this hotel has to offer..right from the offset you are greeted by happy smiley and friendly staff..two to mention has to be Ritika Gupta and Robert..also a gentleman serving breakfast too has to mentioned.On the first night we dined at the Rhodes Mezzanine, very rated and reccomended restuarant..we were not dissapointed...food came promptly with plently of little chef compliments to wet your appetite whilst you wait for what was ordered..I went for some Jam Rolypoly at the end..but they didnt have any left..I was very surprised for the next morning they gave us two complimentary puddings to enjoy because it wasn't available the night beforehand!The rooms were spick and span; with a massive bed that I wish I could have taken away with me back home..it was so comfortable I had no trouble sleeping whatsoever..this was topped off by the Bvlgari toileteries in the bathroom! I was very impressed..the next morning I went down to what I can only describe as a breakfast fitted for the international community! A feast! There was so much to choose from..from the custom made omlettes to the waffles and syrup and endless flavors of pancakes! My parents had asked for an indian breakfast..stuffed paranthe with potatoes..again they couldn't accomadate us but came back to us ensuring the next morning ingridients will be brought to make this for us..The regular shuttle buses to the sister hotel (Le Royal Meridian) and the city centre (Emirates and Dubai Malls) made travelling very convinient..however finding a decent cab wasn't hard with the friendly bellboys out front..Robert in particular was very helpful in finding us decent cabs and always made sure we were well looked after..As mentioned previously Ritika was particularly helpful in helping us organise our week in Dubai with plenty of hints and tips on what to do and when to do it..I also had an issue with my phone where it got water damaged..she was very helpful in trying to help me repair and dry it off..to no avail but the thought was very appreciated.The club next door to the hotel is pretty decent..a chillout bar rather than a rave if that's what you are looking for go to Sanctuary (Palm Island) or 400 (Fairmont Hotel); Buddah Bar is very much a lounge and drink bar with a relaxing sense of music..Bar 44 (top floor) is much more relaxed with some live entertainment and some fantastic views of the city..a variety of interesting alcoholic and non alcoholic cocktails make this bar ideal for all..My only negatives to mention would be the construction work opposite the hotel (consequently an identical hotel to the Grosevenor building) put a little bit of a downer on the view..bar this I cannot think of a single other negative point to mention..I would just like to extend my thanks to all the staff for making me feel very much welcome here it was a delight to stay here	
Aug 19 2009 	5 star hotel	I travelled with my husband early August for our anniversary.After a long flight and having been up for over 24 hours, the serenity of the hotel lounge, the calm efficiency of the staff and the welcome drink of ice tea reassured us we had booked the right hotel.The rooms were comfortable (bed especially), exceptionally clean and serviced what appeared to be 3 times a day. Tea/coffee facilities regularly were replenished as were the bvlgari products that stocked the bathroom. Newspaper on your door every morning, rooms cleaned late morning, cake/savoury snack and fresh fruit and water added in the afternoon, and turn down service in the evening included chocolates and a fresh rose on the pillow.The level of service and the staff at this hotel are exceptional. Two in particular we would like to give credit to. Curtis, by the pool, always welcomed and looked after us, making sure we had plenty of ice, fruit, water and providing us with any knowledge we needed that day. In addition, Joan in the club lounge is a credit to the hotel. She always greeted us for afternoon tea, remembered names which everyone greets you by - they must have a link somewhere), remembered our anniversary, made a fuss of us, sorted restaurant bookings and ensured they made a fuss of us. She was was never overpowering or intimidating. Just there when you needed her.We also used the Spa - Agnes and Leo being our masseurs. Money well spent.We ate at Sloanes every morning for breakfast - go before 10.30 if you wish to avoid waiting/the rush. Again, great service, eggs/omlettes cooked fresh and anyway you want them. All very professional and efficient. You know you're eating fresh food as Tom Egerton seemed to be overseeing the whole operation and taking no prisoners, everything was regularly replenished. The club lounge is worth having - you can get tea, coffee and soft drinks all day, afternoon tea, and then pre dinner drinks. It's also nice to have somewhere to go where you know you can find a seat and get exactly what you want.Evening food: On our anniversary we went to Mezzanine, the Gary Rhodes restaurant. Very upmarket and, though it seems expensive, it's really just comparable to every other restaurant in hotels in Dubai. Lots of tasters were brought to the table and we tested everything from fois gras on gingerbread to eel croquettes and white tomato soup. The food was exceptional, the salmon especially simple and enjoyable given what else is on the menu. At the end of the evening the head chef circulated the tables, chatting to customers and getting feedback. I have never been to a restaurant whereby it was welcomed so much! He has nothing to worry about. We ate at the pizzeria over at the Le Meridien as it was reasonably priced compared to many. Nice pasta, very quiet. However, top tip - your cheapest option is room service. Shock horror! And the food is GOOD!!!!! We did this two evening when we were too knackered to venture anywhere. Excellent tip!If this level of service is what you are after, stay at this hotel in Dubai. They also offer free shuttle buses to Mall of the Emirates and the B=Dubai Mall/Burj Al Arab (tallest building in the world - for now). If you want more than hotels and shopping malls, do NOT visit Dubai. It is 24 hour construction which, luckily unless you sit on your balcony, you will not notice in the confines of hotels or malls. If you are after culture, history, a chance to walk on the beachfront, Dubai does not offer this yet. It may be different in a decades time.One last tip - four days a week, the Jumeriah Mosque offers a tour/talk at 10am. It is 10dhs and well worth it if you need a culture fix. I found it really inspiring and think most people will whatever their religious beliefs.	
Aug 19 2009 	Stunning Hotel	I have just returned from a five night stay at the Grosvenor Hotel as expected it did not disappoint. We normally stay at the Le Royal Meridian but decided to give this hotel a try as having previously visited Bar 44.This is a elegant hotel with attention to detail in everything. We arrived at the hotel late in the evening and was checked in within five minutes. I booked a club room through the SPG website, overall they have the best rates and if you do find a cheaper rate they will match it. The club rooms are on the top floors with only four rooms per floor. The room was fantastic, there was something everywhere, the robes and slippers were heavenly. The tea facilitates were fine china tea set and the bathroom cosmetics were all Bvalgri. Plenty of storage space and great television channel selection.In this hotel you will want for nothing, the even turn down service comes with chocolates a different treat every evening (cake, cookies, quiche) and a candle is lit in the bathroom. The club lounge is on the 44th floor next to Bar 44 and they allow you to take your drinks into Bar 44 also which was good for me as i have friends come over for the evening. The lounge is very intimate, the afternoon tea was good but the did not change the selection unlike the evening drinks where canape selection changed daily. The lounge view is a perfect view of the palm and marina.The hotel provides a shuttle which are Mercedes Mini vans over to the LRM for the beach and pools. Royal Meridian is a resort with three pools, the beach and fantastic spa (hamman pools are a must). Food and beverages can be charged to your room. Breakfast choice is vast and if possible ask to seat in the brasserie next to Sloanes (the white room) it is like eating in a five star restaurant. I didn't eat in the restaurants but had room service which was lovely served as in a restaurant with side bread and water.Construction - this is Dubai, there is no getting away from it, i could see it but couldn't hear it in my room. Also the hotel acknowledges it and left a relaxation kit with bath salts and candle in the room. If you have children stay at the LRM as they treat children like royalty this is very much an adults hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great attention to detail	We stayed at the hotel for the weekend of my husband's 40th birthday and I was pleasantly suprised for a number of reasons. 1. They made his day special by sending cake, flowers and a bottle of fizz up to the room. 2. They also really looked after us at the Buddha bar and had the sense to box up the cake and send to our room, without having to be instructed. 3. The rooms are nice and large.All in all we had a great weekend and will definately be back again.	
Aug 14 2009 	This place is really beginning to grow on me	With all the construction in Dubai I willl admit that getting to the hotel is a challenge and the environ is a bit like a construction site. However, the rooms are good...bit old fashioned but very comfortable and the staff really helpful. Like the gym and the Club Lounge. Will be back!	
Aug 14 2009	Pure Luxury	Just spent 1 week at the Grosvenor House Dubai celebrating a family birthday. The Hotel was outstanding. The level of service was amazing better than any other hotel or country i have experienced.Just bare in mind that they are building a second identical hotel next door so there is disruption from the building work. However there are free shuttles all day to the sister hotel le royal meridien and free shuttles at certain times of the day to the shopping malls. Taxis are also very good value.This is a very sleek hotel and i would say not really suitable for young families who would be better off staying at the meridien across the road. It has five fantastic resturants a beautiful spa and the best service i have ever had. The buddha bar is must!Cant wait to go back.	
Aug 13 2009 	Wonderful hotel with only one (temporary) flaw	We stayed at the Grosvenor House in Dubai for the first week in August. It was practically perfect - gorgeous room with every luxury you could wish for, delightful staff who couldn't do enough for you, wonderful beach, helpful and knowledgeable concierge service, the best room service we'd ever tasted... I could go on and on! The only problem (and it's a temporary one) is that the hotel is currently surrounded by a building site. They are building an identical hotel building next to the existing one, and it's still in the early stages so a while go yet. Although the noise from the work didn't particularly bother us (we were on the 27th floor so too high up to hear much), it meant that it was literally impossible to walk anywhere outside the hotel. There was no way out by foot at all. Even to get to the beach (over the road) you had to take a shuttle. We really missed not being able to pop out for an evening stroll, but having to take taxis everywhere.I would still recommend the hotel - once inside it was everything you could want from a five star establishment and more. But if you're the sort of people who would hate being dependent on motorised transport to get anywhere from your hotel room, look elsewhere, at least until the building work is finished. Also, book a room on a high floor to escape the building noise.	
Aug 7 2009 	Elegant and sophisticated with superb service!	The Grosvenor House Dubai was booked on the basis of all the positive reviews received on tripadvisor and, to celebrate the occasion of my 40th birthday. What a wonderful hotel! We thought the Peninsula hotels in Bangkok and HK were fantastic; this hotel is right up there with them! The décor is elegant and stylish; the rooms are spacious with pretty much every amenity you could wish for. My husband emailed the manager (Mark K) beforehand to say we were arriving early (overnight flight via Virgin) - we were greeted at Dubai airport by very pleasant staff who whisked us to the hotel in one of their limos. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were taken straight to our room and checked in early, with a minimum of fuss. The room that we were allocated was a 40th floor sea-view room with club lounge access, offering superb views of The Palm. A birthday cake, card and a bottle of champagne was already waiting for me when we got to the room – a lovely and very welcome surprise! The Club Lounge was an oasis of calm, with efficient staff who always remembered our names and favourite tipple. We dined at the Buddha Bar (absolutely wonderful) and on the advice of our butler, at several of the restaurants at the sister hotel, Le Royal Meridien. The food and service at both hotels were excellent. We also used the pools at both the Grosvenor and Le Royal Meridien; we found that we preferred the pool at the Grosvenor as it was less crowded – the staff at the pool took great care of us both. My husband and I used “1847” and the spa, respectively; again, the quality of the treatments and service we received was superb.Overall, we were very impressed with the standard of the service that we received - everyone was so polite and helpful and genuinely seemed to care about our making our stay special. The winning combination of wonderful food and surroundings, coupled with attentive and friendly staff made our stay truly memorable. I would have no hesitation in recommending the Grosvenor House Dubai and we definitely intend to return there soon.	
Aug 4 2009 	excellent service	just retruned from a 10 days stay in Dubai.i would like tosay that the hotel service, guest assistance is number one. you never get such attention anywhere else.the hotel is new, room cleaned twice a day, everything very clean, pleanty of bars and restaurants, you have also the fantastic buddah bar wihin the hotel premises...etci would recommend highly this hotel for pleasure or business.sylvain	
Jul 31 2009 	Exceptional.....	I booked this trip to dubai a bit last minute for a engagement surprise , as ive been to dubai a number of times before i knew what standard to expect having stayed at shangri-la, grand hyatt, royal meridian but this hotel was absolutely outstanding and blew any previous hotel out of the water. prior to departure (without me knowing) my brother emailed the hotel to let them know the nature of my trip and asked them to enhance my stay in any way they could. expecting a bottle of champagne...... well we got that along with a suite upgrade for the 5 nights and whole load of other goodies. this just added to the already great stay. i could not recommend this hotel enough everything was spot on from the pool staff, room service, the restaurants.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great standard	Let me tell you I am the the wort hotel guest my expectations are very high and when I pay high prices I feel that its right to want the best. This hotel does everything. The reason why is they have shipped in staff from Thailand and the Philippines where they know how to treat guests which is what you want. Friendly staff great service Bvlgari and Molton brown toiletries. Fantastic Indian restaurant in hotel plus Buddha bar.. They also give you cold towels by the pool and ice drinks which is great.. Highly recommend one of the best hotels i have ever visited and I have been to some of the best. By the way Its nicer than the Meridian as a business hotel so few children but you also have access to their pool.	
Jul 27 2009 	Absolutely Amazing - Stop trying to decide just book here!	We went to Dubai for 4 days on our way to the Maldives. Our reason for the trip was our honeymoon, so we wanted something nice in Dubai. Problem was, there were so many options! We also considered the Address, Atlantis, Al Murooj Rotana. Finally, we just settled on Grosvenor House, and truthfully, the decision was quite arbitrary. We found a great deal and figured, what the heck? We in no way regret being so impulsive!The staff is superb. Checking in was a breeze. We relaxed in the lobby with ginger iced tea while they filled everything out for us. We were upgraded to the 41st floor with a HUGE balcony. As we were escorted to our room (at 8:30 am...early check in was so great after two long flights!), we mentioned that being on our honeymoon, the upgrade was an extra treat. Well, they didn't stop there! When we got back from breakfast, a bottle of champagne was waiting for us. That was very nice and unexpected.The staff went above and beyond for us. The hotel was certainly not at capacity, but literally everyone we ran into knew us and our comings and goings...this may seem weird, but the attention was nice. They took care of every reservation for us. In fact, we wanted to book a desert safari with some friends in town. They even coordinated pick up for our friends at their own hotel! We received friendly reminders and confirmations for everything they coordinated. They were just 150% on top of everything, and we must have called them at least a dozen times, so we gave them plenty of opportunity to be less than perfect. They never let us down.One thing that stood out was their assistance in my own negligence. On our way to Verre for dinner, I left my camera in the taxi. Verre was quite kind in assisting us and calling the cab companies, but we still mentioned my oversight to the desk upon arrival. Literally seconds after we entered our room, the head of security was there asking more questions. They reviewed the security tape, and the next day, my camera was back in hand. I thought for sure I was out of luck, and I think that would have been my fate if we stayed elsewhere. After that, every time we got into a taxi the doorman would hand us a card with our taxi number written on it, &quot;in case we left something.&quot; Embarrassing? Yes. But honestly very helpful and nice of them to remember to do each time.We ate at Buddha Bar, which was surprisingly delicious. The one in NYC is really more a club and not known for it's food, but the sushi platter here was quite notable. The service was also great, and the maitre d' brought us a personal message from our friend who had called while we were dining. The restaurant was very busy, so it was nice of them to do this.In terms of the facilities, the rooms are very comfortable, and the bathroom is gorgeous. The lobby is also quite lovely. The little treats each day were a wonderful snack. To touch upon construction...yes, you are surrounded by it. But the fact of the matter is that ALL of Dubai is surrounded by construction, so this should not deter you from selecting Grosvenor House. In fact, I guarantee wherever you stay you will feel surrounded by dust and cranes and bulldozers.As I mentioned, we got a great deal on the hotel, but we never felt like second class citizens for paying less than the prime rate. (our resort in the Maldives, however, made us feel that way for not selecting their ocean villa but opting for a beach retreat, so I know this happens.) Instead, Grosvenor House's priority was top notch service, and they delivered this every second of our stay. My husband and I travel frequently, and this was definitely the best hotel we have ever been to. We were blown away, and if we ever return to Dubai, we will book Grosvenor House without looking elsewhere at all, regardless of whether or not deals are available to us.	
Jul 26 2009 	Best ever breakfast and service for a construction site...	I'm 30, male, and was alone before heading to Afghanistan. I wanted a hotel that was under 300$ (their site is cheaper than expedia, etc), clean, and a last piece of simple luxury before heading to the dry jungle. I needed a godo concierge, lots of internal space to get lost in, and staff who let me hang around, and help me get a visa, taxis, and faxes, etc. I also wanted great food. All of this was met with bang on furor!HOWEVER, the hotel is bang in the middle of a construction site. Not an issue really, but it is. The building's shadow BLOCKS THE SUN after about 1pm every day. This is mildly off set by the intuitive and epic pool-side staff and surprise amenities.THE BREAKFAST is LEGENDARY. Choose a country, choose a style of cheese, eggs, or any fruit found by Adam and Eve, sushi, nuts, even bacon, and you're on the right track.The access to the Meridien2 across the construction site is great as it's beachside and the shuttle avoids the construction.The staff have all been there for years- and that is what makes it all worth it at the end of the day. Loyalty means something.	
Jul 17 2009 	wow	We stayed at Grosvenor House Dubai for 4 nights in May and were were blown away with our room after being upgraded.We couldnt fault the service,the fruit and cake each day,slippers by bed,the rose at night and chocolates,the breakfasts were fantastic, all added to a very happy stay.We overlooked the building site on Marina side but never heard any noise from construction and my husband being in the trade watched out the window untill Id drag him away.Would definately stay again.We loved the pillows and duvets so light.Thankyou for wonderfull memories,best hotel weve stayed in and weve travelled the world.	
Jul 17 2009 	FAB	Stayed for 2wks and loved every minute, this was our 5th time at this hotel and it just gets better	
Jul 16 2009 	Cosntruction Site!	Before you book be aware that three sides of the hotel are construction sites - yes right outside your window they are building new roads and metro stations. You will get no rest and will not be able to sit on the balcony because of the dust and noise. The hotel itself must be writing all these excellent reviews because you cannot possibly enjoy your stay without commenting on the building works. Remember that Dubai is the world's best at s;pinning its public relations (read lies) and will conveniently forget to tell you about this little oversight.	
Jul 15 2009 	Beautiful	My partner and I recently stayed at Grovesnor House for four nights. I am not one who has enjoyed travelling in the past but this hotel was truly amazing. The staff were so very attentive and genuinely friendly and the hotel was beautiful in every way. The attention to detail in the decor and the standard of service was impeccable. I was delighted with the numerous treats provided by the hotel daily ; inspirational quotes, roses, chocolates and food what more could a lady want! it really made you feel special. The room service was also fabulous, on two occasions we ordered a snack and it came like a three course meal. It was as if they had thought of everything in this hotel. They even had english plugs in the rooms! I cannot wait to vist this hotel again! It was a very relaxing place, the spar was so plush, candles and petals galore, I did not want to come home. Thankyou to all the staff!	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent hotel... with not so consistent service	Grosvenor House is an excellent property, unfortunately our stay was not flawless like other travelers have stated in there reviews. We checked in for four nights on a Tuesday at around 4:30 in the afternoon, we had booked a deluxe room with breakfast. On arrival we were greeted with a friendly smile, however were not offered a welcome drink and a towel unlike other guests checking in next to us. We were assigned a beautifully appointed room on the 18th flour, unfortunate for us the view was of the construction of the Grosvenor house tower 2, my wife and I decided not to complain and head to the mall. When we arrived back to the hotel at around midnight looking forward to a clean turned down bed, we walked in to the room finding it in the same way we had left it, however the worst had to come, I woke up at 7 am by the construction noise. That is when we decided to complain. I spoke to the assistant front house manager about the problems and with no arguments we were offered to move to a new room with the marina view, surprisingly they had upgraded us to a 1bedroom apartment. The apartment was on the 39th flour so the noise problems were solved. The only problem with our apartment 3912 was that the bathroom was not as good as the one in the deluxe room, there was no separate shower, the shower was hand healed and was in the tub, for some one who is use to taking a shower with jets at home this is a big disappointment, I didn't want to complain again as I felt they had done to much by giving us the apartment. In conclusion the hotel was excellent and beautifully appointed, however the service was not consistent, sometimes it felt exceptional and sometimes very average.	
Jul 12 2009	Par excellance	I have just returned from a short leisurely break with my daughter, from what i can only describe as the best hotel i've ever stayed in. The service is second to none and the room upgrade was even better. Nothing was too much trouble for the hotel staff, in fact some British hotels could take a few lessons from them!! Joy, the waiter in Sloanes was an absolute credit to the restaurant. Not that the others weren't, but he just went the extra mile. It would be nice if he could be recognised for this and my comments passed on to him. The food was also out of this world, and you could even have a roast dinner if wanted...........the beef melted in the mouth, our compliments to all the chefs. Bar 44 was brilliant, and i even managed to stay up to enjoy the entertainment. We had a day around the pool which was superb. Fresh fruit and water with plenty of well needed ice, was on hand constantly. What a great service! My daughter also had a fantastic time, Dubai is a shopaholics paradise, which is exactly what she is!All in all, i would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel, in fact, i don't think any other could match it. I can't recommend it highly enough, the staff are a credit to the establishment and i look forward to staying there again in, hopefully, the not too distant future.	
Jul 8 2009 	Had to tell the world how amazing this hotel is !	I flew in yesterday after spending the weekend in this hotel for my birthday and i have to tell you that in 18 years of travelling around the world this hotel is fantastic. I went with one of my girlfriends and booked a club room via Expedia which only offered a king bed, we went for it as after reading the reviews from others the club room and lounge facilities are a must and how glad i am that we did.We arrived early as flying Virgin Atlantic from London the flight lands at 06.55 am. When we arrived at immigration i was surprised to see a rep with my name on he welcomed us and said he would escort us to our car. We stopped at the Duty free (where he held our bags ) then went to baggage reclaim , where he said&quot; just point out your bags i will get them for you &quot;! after clearing immigration he showed us to our pristene white BMW where our driver took our bags and took us to the hotel...now thats the way to be picked up for a transfer. The driver wished me happy birthday then offered us cold towels and water which was needed even at that time of the morning. On arrival at the hotel we were not sure if they would let us check in that early , even thou i had added this info on the notes section when i made the expedia booking. The hotel was amazing and the staff excelled, another happy birthday from the front desk and the offer to have breakfast whilst she made sure our room was ready. The breakfast is just as others have said, amazing. The choice the quality was overwhelming and caters for all eaters. Then when our room was ready only 15 mins later we went to reception and told that a twin room was available for us, this was unexpected but welcomed. The staff address you by your name and really are a credit to the hotel. In my room was a birthday cake and the view of Palm island was just the perfect start to the weekend. The pool area is clean and nice, on the 4th floor it gets the breeze that the sister hotel misses out on across thre road,the staff always on hand to fill your glass with ice, water or fresh fruit kebabs...these touches were sublime. The rooms were turned down with fruit and a naughty sweet treat every day ! Bulgari toiletries and a plasma TV with many channels. If i could have taken the bed home i would it was so comfortable i did not want to leave. With only 4 rooms on each Club floor there is virtually no noise, and construction noise ...whats that ? did not hear anything major, thou the gift in the room to ask you to bear with them during the noise from buildings outside being erected was another perfect touch. We ate in the Buddah Bar and Rhodes Mezzanine ( see seperate reviews) continue the high standards set by the hotel. We went over to the sister hotel The royal Meridien, quite frankly its the poor relation to the GH, the Hammam pools were nice over there but we spent an hour and left desperate to go back home to GH. The shuttles are quick and easy unless your desperate for the beach GH has all you need. The Afternoon tea is well worth it, perfect little nibbles and a break from the Sun, the canapes and drinks from 6 till 8 pm for club guests is like a meal in itself, the choice of hot/cold food changed each nite and its more than just canapes. The waiter remembered the drinks we had the previous night and asked us if we would like the same again upon our arrival. Wow you really cant ask for better. Chaps remember no shorts as the dress code is in keeping with the style of this exclusive club! The hotel is keen for feedback, this was evident from the previous listings when the hotel manaer responded to comments which i have never seen on trip advisor before, He clearly makes it his business to show all that he takes on board comments and as a customer this transparency shows they have nothing to hide. Do not stay anywhere else in Dubai otherwise you will be dissapointed. I intend to go back every year for my birthday or any other special occasion. I walked away feeling like nothing was too much trouble and that as they wanted my time in their care to be one i 'd not forget and you know what they got it right.....every last detail. Mark K hotel manager i know that you will read this, please extend my thanks to your team for making my birthday in Dubai one i will cherish forever.	
Jul 7 2009 	Sheer Luxury!!!	We book this trip last minute, for our 10 year wedding aniversary. We arrivd at the airport at 10am and we were met by a really friendly guy who took us got our bags and then tok us out to our transport........This was a 7 series BMW sheer luxury, The door was opened and the cool air hit you, the car was gorgeous cream leather interior, the bags were put in the boot and the driver got in and gave us each a ice cold water, and a ice towel to give your face a wipe and cool yourself down.The driver then gave a little info as we drove through Dubai, of the areas and the showed us the highest building in the world, and the all important shopping malls..... much to my husbands dispair.Arrived at the hotel and we were told to go in and our bags would betaken to or room, we asked what the difference in the rooms were, we were taken up and shown all the types of room and decided that our original choice was the best, but they did not seem put out by this, which i thought they might be but no still smiles and were so friendly, we went up to our rooms and our bags were there.... We then quickly got changed andwent to he pool, every night we had a wee tray with a rose a couple of chocs and a wee not to tell us about sunrise and sunset times.We had room services and it was brilliant i would recommend the fajita wraps they were lush, also the club sandwich was good and also came with a side order of fries.We did not try the speciality restuarants but will definatley try them next time, we ate in Sloanes for b'fast each morning and had a evening meal which was a style was nice as well and so much choice.We loved every minute of this holiday and if you are wondering about the sea out there it is as warm as a bath (no joking) we were gobsmacked when we walked in.Would recommnd a stay here as it is 5*. Oh and if you want a special meal then Buddha bar is lovely the best steak my hubby has ever had, this is the recommend 2nd best restuarant in Dubai and is about10 teps awa from the hotel entrance.There is only one slight problem with the hotel it is in the middle of a building site with the other half of the hotel still being built, but it closes down midday and then they work into the night. but we did not hear then that much.	
Jul 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel excellent hospitality service second to none	We had a dinner reservation for the Mezzanine last July, we were staying elsewhere at the time but would have swapped hotels had we known how beautiful and serene the GHH was. Our dinner was divine and service impeccable. Definitely warrants a visit/reservation.When we were there last, I had popped into the ladies cloakroom on the ground floor and had left my ring by the basin after washing my hands. When I sat down in the Mezzanine's pre dinner drinks lounge, my husband noticed my missing ring. I when down the elevator, where the girl on the ground floor asked me what was wrong, I mentioned my missing ring (my fault entirely) and she helped me search the ladies cloakroom to no avail. However, she said she would check with the housekeeper and see if it had been handed in. I went back to the Mezzanine and whilst still drinking my cocktail, the Manager plus entourage, came up to me and showed me a ring that had been handed in. This was indeed my ring. I was amazed. So thank you GHH and your wonderful staff. I shall be booking my Mezzanine reservation for Oct this year and this stime I shall have my two adult sons with us. So, cannot wait to impress them!	
Jul 1 2009 	Still the best hotel in Dubai !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We returned to this hotel after our best holiday we ever had last year and the standards have not dropped they have got better. There is a lot of construction outside due to the sister hotel which is being build. This did not make any difference to us because we did not hear hardly any noise also the hotel put a gift in the room to say sorry for and inconvenience caused by the construction which was a nice touch. I would recommend you book a club room which is really good value. This is the best hotel in dubai by far i have stayed in lots of hotels in dubai and the personal service you get her is unbelievable. Special praise to Zia from the club room lounge if u go please say hello to him from Mr Mark and also Farhan who delivered fruit to our room they made our holiday. We will be back for sure next year thank you.	
Jun 25 2009 	A great hotel!	Grosvenor House is a charming hotel in all aspects. Great staff, perfect accomodation, good food....An ideal hotel for those who want to know a bit of Dubai!!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Nowhere or nothing else compares!	I have stayed at the Grosvenor House twice in 2007. I returned to Dubai in 2008 and stayed at the Mina A'Salam as I felt that we needed to try other hotels and other holidays!I have just returned from a Hilton Hotel in Egypt and felt I needed to write a review as I spent the whole time in Egypt wishing we had come back to Grosvenor House!I LOVE the Grosvenor house that much that I am sat this morning planning a holiday in Septemer to go back!Everything about the place is unsurpassed quality and customer service.Your arrival will be hassle free, impressive efficient staff, seamless service. You can either hide away and move around the hotel and bars and without any obtrusion from any staff whilst they still manage to deliver an excellent service, or you can speak to them and pass the time of day and they make you feel comfortable and welcome. The choice is yours, some days I like to have a world of my own and others I like to socialise and the Grosvenor House fits the bill for both.I cannot describe every other little extra or finishing touch that you will find here! You are treated like royality. The tray on your bed at bedtime with information chocs and a flower, fresh flowers everywhere, chocs cakes and biscuits in your room, the club lounge, he level of housekeeping in your room, the choice of foods at breakfast.INDEGO- is surely the best indian meal you will ever eat. It is a standard line in our house when ever we have a curry now we say &quot;Its not Indego is it?!&quot;SPA- I have beauty treatments on every holiday I go on from UK breaks to Maldives, I have never had a facial as good as the one I had here. I don't even know what made it better, it just was!Can't wait to go back in September!!	
Jun 16 2009	Absolutely terrific!!	My friend and I are just back from 10 nights at the GHH and first time in Dubai. We chose this hotel after all the comments on here, so we knew what we were going to but it was even better that we anticipated. We were met at the airport by Arabian Adventures who were supplying our transport (BMW 7 series) and taken at 01.30 hrs to the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel the conceirge guys (lots of them) took control of our luggage. The outside of the hotel was buzzing with people, (Thursday night) but we then realised that this was their Friday night. Their week-end is Friday and Saturday. We were taken to reception where we were told to have a seat and they asked for our passports. Quite disappointed that we did not receive our drink and cold towel (as reported on here), as this would have passed the time while things were sorted out, and at that time of the morning after the long flight, we were really tired. We were taken to our 1 bedroom apartment (having been upgraded before we left), but it only had 1 very large bed, so we informed the guy that we had asked for 2 beds. He telephoned to reception, and then said to us, no problem we are giving you a 2 bedroom apartment you can have a bedroom each!!! We were so grateful. When we saw this apartment we could not say a word but just look, it was out of this world. 2 bedrooms, 3 toilets, 2 bathrooms, a lounge overlooking the marina, a fully fitted kitchen and a balcony. We thought we had died and gone to heaven!!! By the time we had hang our clothes up etc it was 4.00am and the beds were just so comfortable. I happened to mention us not getting the drink on arrival to someone in the club lounge that first evening and said in no way am I complaining as we are delighted with our accomodation etc, but when it is supposed to be done you are a little disappointed when it is'nt, so after dinner that same evening we went back to the apartment to find flowers, wine and a little note saying they were sorry!!! What customer service!!!We ate breakfast in Sloanes every morning even although we could have had breakfast in the Club Lounge as there was more choice here. There was something for everyone, 3 different stations, with hot and cold food. We also ate in Sloanes in the evening, and again the choice was superb. As we upgraded to the Club facilities we were entitled to afternoon tea and canapes and cocktails in the evening. I honestly dont know if i would upgrade to this again (especially for 10 nights) as it was specific times and if you were out of the hotel you missed it. The canapes were wonderful each evening but a bit disappointed they dont use &quot;real&quot; champagne but use sparkling wine. I did not notice while drinking the cocktails but when I had champagne (that I thought was) one night, I knew it was'nt and asked one of the waiters who confirmed they do not use champagne in the evenings, only in the morning (which we never did). We used the pool at the GHH and we loved this, every time we came down, the pool guys got a bed for you, laid the towels down and brought you a tray with water, glasses with ice, kebab fruit sticks, two peices of fruit, 2 small water sprays and 2 cold towels. They filled your glass with ice on numerous occasions and brought cold towels often as well. We did try the LRM hotel next door but prefered the GHH.We ate in Indego the award winning Indian, and it was lovely, but I have to say we had just as nice Indian food in Sloanes.We also received lovely little boxes with cake etc daily along with fruit delivered to the room, and a rose with chocolates laid on your pillow in the evening. Lovely little touches.We also went to the NailBar had a manicure and pedicure, which were done at the same time with 2 therapists. Very professional and one of the best mancures I have had.I have to say what made our holiday was the friendly staff, nothing was too much trouble for any of them. They are what makes this hotel so popular.I would like to name some names that made our stay so special, Zia and Joan in the Club Lounge, Jelly, Aileen and Shazlyn in Sloanes and little Rosalin in the toilets, who always had smiles and a chat to us. We would definately stay at the GHH again, thank you for a wonderful stay.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great Experience	We had booked two premier rooms (we were 5 including two young children). On arrival, we had the choice to keep our two rooms or take an appartment with 2 bedrooms. After visiting both, we decided to have the apartment, although the premier rooms were lovely.The service was perfect, we could go the tea and pre dinner drinks on the first floor with the kids or go to the 44th floor without the kids. Both experience were fabulous. We never waited more than 5 minutes for the shuttle to le royal meridien.We had breakfast on the 1st floor, lot's of choice and like every place in the hotel, perfect service.People making negative comments must have been to a different hotel !!We will be back for sure	
Jun 10 2009 	Grosvenor House is exceptional	I stayed here with my wife for just two nights, after a business trip. The experience was unreal: we were treated like royalty on every occasion. My wife was overwhelmed with the level of service and attention to detail; we were never even slightly disappointed. We arrived at the hotel on Friday just before noon, two hours before the advertised check-in time. We were greeted at the entrance and our bags were whisked away. Then, rather than standing at the check-in desk, we were immediately offered a comfy sofa, a cold flannel and iced tea in the Lobby Lounge while our details were being processed. The staff on duty came to us if they needed anything (e.g. passports, hotel voucher, signature, credit card). Instead of being told we couldn't check in yet, we were upgraded from a standard Club room to a sea view corner suite (without asking). The check-in clerk (a young Russian woman) then escorted us to our suite on the 27th floor. The suite was spotlessly clean and beautiful. It had an entrance hall with fitted wardrobes; a lounge with floor-to-ceiling panoramic windows overlooking the beach, lounge furniture and a large LCD TV; a dining area seating four; a study area with a large desk and chair; a kitchenette with an empty refrigerator; a separate toilet; a beautiful bedroom with a huge bed, other furniture and another large LCD TV; and an amazing bathroom with a bath, a separate shower, bidet, toilet, sink and all the towels and potions you could desire. Our 'butler' was there when we arrived, and he showed us around the suite and asked us to call him if ever we needed anything. There was a little confusion about our reservation (whether it included access to the Grosvenor Club) but this was quickly resolved in our favour, without fuss. We were also given a voucher for free Internet access. Our bags arrived a few minutes later, and once we were on our own all we could say was &quot;Wow!&quot; I had assumed when I booked that all Club rooms included access to the Grosvenor Club, but apparently this is not the case. The problem with most fancy hotels is that all the extras are very expensive, even if the room rate is reasonable. The Grosvenor Club solved that: it included Champagne breakfast, all-day refreshments, afternoon tea, and per-dinner drinks with canapes. All of these were available in the Grosvenor Club Lounge on the 44th floor (but you could opt for 'ordinary' breakfast in the main restaurant or room service instead). This is a bargain! We treated it just like an all-inclusive holiday. The hotel is not on the beach, but a shuttle ran continuously (between 7AM and 2AM) to and from the Royal Meridien just down the road, and Grosvenor House guests had free use of the gardens, pools and beach facilities there, which were fantastic. Any charges could be made to our room at GH, and the service there was just as good too! As others have noted, Dubai is just a big building site and most hotels have some construction nearby. Grosvenor House was somewhat isolated because of the surrounding road and building works, but it never really bothered us. This was because: 1) we arrived on a Friday, which is the equivalent of Sunday in the West; 2) we were on a high floor, so noise was not a problem and our view was not affected; and 3) we ate and drank in the Grosvenor Club, so we didn't have to go out to find local restaurants. It might be more of a problem for guests staying in 'standard' rooms or those with children. I haven't mentioned all the other ways the hotel exceeded our expectations, such as the beautiful bath robes and slippers, the fresh fruit, pastries, flowers, wine, chocolate delivered to our room, or the late check out (&quot;No problem, sir, and you can use the Spa and Grosvenor Club too.&quot;). How many hotels service your room on the day you check out?	
Jun 9 2009 	The only place I will stay in Dubai - fantastic hotel in every way.	I travel regularly to Dubai, for both business &amp; pleasure. I discovered Grosvenor House purely by accident and I'm very glad I did, I will not stay anywhere else now. The hotel itself is stunning and well located in Jumeirah Beach. The hotel is quite unique in that it suits all types of traveller, be it those wanting a city break to Dubai or those visiting for business. The rooms are large, finished to a high standard and the bathrooms well stocked and of a good size. Every day, the staff will leave a little treat, like cakes or cookies, which after a day of working or sunbathing is very welcome! It's touches like this that make Grosvenor House so special. The hotel has a pool and sunbathing area, with outdoor dining. For those wishing to visit the beach, residents of GH can use the facilities over the road at the Royal Meridien, and there is a regular shuttle service offered. I'd highly recommend anyone thinking of staying here to opt for a club room, which allows you to access the club lounge on the 44th floor, which offers snacks and drinks throughout the day. The balcony has a great view of the Palm and Atlantis hotel, and the Burj Al Arab along the coast. The staff in the club lounge are friendly and attentive, every time I visit they greet me like an old friend which is lovely. The staff throughout the hotel are the best I have encountered; they are efficient &amp; friendly and go out of their way to help you. A great array of restaraunts and a spa and nail lounge, and home to the ultra-fashionable Buddha Bar (very SJP!). Everything you could possible need! Highly recommended.	
Jun 6 2009 	Pure unashamed luxury!!!	I don't know how they do it!!! The Grosvenor is literally in the middle of a building site and yet despite this they manage to hold onto their top spot in the tripadvisor ratings. I used this rating to choose my hotel for my first trip back to Dubai after 9 years!! What a superb choice it turned out to be!! After flying on the Emirates double decker A380 we arrived at 2.00a.m. to be greeted with the most delightful staff. Throughout the week this was the outstanding feature of the hotel - they couldn't have been nicer or done more for you!We did use the GH pool a couple of times and the pool boy's attention with fruit and iced water was a lovely touch. The male spa was superb. The included breakfast was also outstanding!!! As a dedicated cruiser we are used to superb breakfasts and this equalled if not surpassed it. By day 4 one of the chefs was already cooking my pancakes as I walked up to his station!!! The buddah bar was well worth a visit and the cars that deposited the good and the great here each evening were stunning to behold. In truth the trip to the sister Le Royal Meridien was a slight pain BUT as soon as you came out of the hotel and said you were going there they rang to make sure the shuttle was on the way. As a combination - GH as a business hotel for grown-ups with Le R.M for swims and sunbathing - is unbeatable.If we were going back we would certainly head for the GH!!	
Jun 3 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	I have recently returned from an 8 night stay at the Grosvenor House. Having read so many glittering reviews on Tripadvisor, I had very high expectations, and on the whole I was not let down. I will try to write a balanced review, so that readers can make an informed decision on whether this hotel meets their needs. I have been fortunate enough to stay in the majority of the hotels along the Jumeirah Beach, so feel that I can make a valid comparison on how this hotel fares.The purpose of our visit was leisure. We checked in at 9am, which was not a problem and we were whisked straight up to our room on the 35th floor. We were not offered a welcome drink/towel, but can't stay that we lost any sleep over it. The Club room that we had booked was well appointed with great views over the palm, as well as comfortable beds and nice amenities. As with most UAE hotels, the bathroom was particularly opulent and the Bvlgari toilettries lived up to their reputation! The room was regularly topped up with water, fruit and and a treat from the in house bakery. We took breakfast in both Sloanes and the Club Lounge. Sloanes offers a much wider choice than the Club Lounge, although the lounge is more relaxing. The selection was good in both venues. My only criticism of Sloanes would be that compared to other hotels in Dubai, the fruit selection was not very vast. The best feature of booking a club room was the use of the Club Lounge on the 44th floor. This provided afternoon tea between 3pm and 4.30pm. There was a selection of sandwiches, cakes and scones, which although they did not differ much on a daily basis, were absolutely delicious. The Club Lounge also had a happy hour between the hours of 6-8pm. This offered a selection of hot and cold canapes, as well as complimentary alcoholic drinks. This was an excellent way to start the evening. The staff were very attentive and constantly replenishing our drinks. The quality of the food was outstanding, and we had to restrain ourselves from eating too much to save room for dinner. You could easily make a meal out of the canapes, and I'm sure some people do. My only criticism of the club was when busy there was not much privacy, and the food tended to go pretty quickly. We used the pool facilities most days. The gym and spa facilites were excellent and never too busy. The pool was very nice, although the sun starts getting blocked out from the mid afternoon. The pool staff were generally good, occasionally bringing us water, fruit, and a fruit skewer which was a nice touch. The noise and building work around the pool area is unsightly and quite frankly a problem. We were obviously aware of this before we visited, and whilst it wasn't a major issue, it would have been if we didn't have access to the beach at Le Royal Meridien. I also fear the pool area will be even more shady once the Grosvenor 2 Tower is completed.As mentioned, we favoured the pool and beach at Le Royal Meridien, which is accessed via the free hotel shuttle which takes about 5 minutes. The shuttle didn't seem to run as regularly as suggested, although we rarely had to wait over 20 minutes. The pool and beach here are excellent and well maintained. It is also handy being able to sign food and drink onto your room bill, which saves carrying cash. There was no real sign of the Red Tide phenomonen that we had read about in the press, although by all accounts and can prevent swimming from time to time. It is worth mentioning that Le Royal Meridien is very popular with families, so if screaming kids are not your idea of a romantic or relaxing holiday, it may be better to look elsewhere. Having said that, it didn't bother us in the slightest. The Royal Meridien also provides access to 'The Walk' at Jumeirah Beach Residence, which is a collection of shops and restaurants. This is quite a nice place to for a relaxing stroll in the evenings. The main downside to the Grosvenor House for us was the location. If you are looking for a beach holiday, it can become tedious having to catch the shuttle back and forth, especially if you want to return for afternoon tea and evening drinks. However, if the beach doesn't bother you, then it is difficult to beat the Grosvenor House. Taxis are cheap and plentiful, so getting around is never a problem. The Grosvenor House is a fantastic hotel. Ideal for business, yet equally suitable for a relaxing holiday too. The staff make the hotel what it is, and nothing is too much trouble. The facilities are excellent, and there is a wide choice of dining options. The criticisms I have made are just small ways I think the hotel could improve, and in no way affected my enjoyment of the holiday. I would certainly return and would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to visitors to Dubai.	
Jun 2 2009 	Absolutely 5 stars	So what makes a hotel a truly 5-star one? The facilities and the service. The lobby and the room facilities and design (including the toilet) are simply exceptional. Everything is new and spotless. The staff were so attentive and so well trained that were always there when you needed them and yet never too present or looking for tips. Big plus point, my wife arrived at the hotel at 7 in the morning and could immediately check in and go to the room (normal check-in time is 2 pm!), as was promised to me by the reservation manager on the phone the night before (I only arrived in the evening of the same day). The beach facilities at the sister Royal Meridien are also outstanding, you cannot ask for more. In short, simply exceptional, thanks for an unforgettable stay, we look forward to coming back with our kids in October!	
May 29 2009	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in	Having stayed at the Grovernor House I felt it deserved a review (the first one I've ever written)! Abroad I only stay in 5* hotels as I am not prepared to 'rough it'. This hotel had all the amenities you would expect but what made it stand out from the crowd was the dedicated staff. Nothing was too much trouble including cooking an Indian dish that wasn't on the menu! Our room was well serviced (although the new technology for informing housekeeping that they may enter the room did cause some confusion). The food was excellent, the pool was well maintained with water and fruit provided. Our only disappointment was that we hadn't booked a club room as we missed the treat of afternoon tea. Never mind - next time. If you would like somewhere to stay with not many children, delightful staff and you don't mind construction in the vincinity then stay here - you won't be disappointed - Well done Grovenor House!!PS And internet access is included - how I hate being charged for it.	
May 28 2009 	WOW what are fantastic hotel !	We have just arrived home from a 3 day stay at the Grosvenor. We had originally booked a 3 day break at Le Royal Meridien Hotel &amp; Spa but when we arrived they were overbooked. We had booked 2 club rooms ( 2 adults and kids 10 &amp; 13) but they had no interconnecting rooms and it would mean my husband and I split up with a child in each room. A very nice man on reception offered us a 2 bedroom apartment at the Grosvenor for no extra cost. We were a bit anxious as we had no prior knowledge of the Grosvenor, but we needn't have been worried. The first impression of the hotel, was imacculate. The staff at the hotel treated us like royalty and were very polite, attentive and helpful showing us to or &quot;apartment&quot;. I think the hotel by the same name in London could learn a thing or two!The apartment was amazing.The buffet style breakfast and dinner were plentiful even for a picky 10 year old. The chefs would also cook anything for you if you wanted something different. All the waiters were very polite and attentive and made a fuss of the kids. This hotel catered for businessmen, but a family of 4 on a quick sun break were made to feel very welcome. The pool staff outside worked very hard in the 48 degrees heat. They would lay out your towel on the sun bed bring you complimetary water and fruit and keep your glass topped up with ice. The Grosvenor is the sister hotel to the Royal Meridien and there is a free shuttle bus between the hotels. We tended to go the the Meridien in the afternoon. Although this hotel was also impressive you were somehow lost in the size of it and did not feel as special as at the Grosvenor. Don't get me wrong the staff were also very polite and helpful here. All the staff at the Grosvenor from the lady who called the lift for you to the managers were wonderful, thank you for a fantastic stay.This was our first taste of Dubai and we will definately go back for more	
May 27 2009 	Perfection....	We have just returned from 4 nights at the Grosvenor and have throughly enjoyed everything about this wonderful hotel.From the friendliness of the staff who will go out their way to make your stay a memorable one to the beautiful restaurants, bars and pool area this is without doubt the best hotel in Dubai.As return visitors we were offered an upgrade to an apartment which was pure luxury.I would have absolutely no hesitation recommending this hotel and look forward to returning when we are next in Dubai.	
May 25 2009 	Great stay but lots of construction	Stayed here in early May. Friendly and helpful check-in. Lovely rooms and fantastic view of the palm from the top floor while having breakfast. The Buddha bar downstairs provides plenty of entertainment and there are plenty of restaurants in and around to eat at. Definately stay here again. Only downside is the construction going on around the hotel which makes for a lot of noise although I am told its like that everywhere in dubai. We did see a lot of construction but many of the cranes ar just standing.	
May 21 2009 	the best hotel we have stayed in and we've stayed in some !!!	The Best Hotel.... i cant write enough superlatives about this hotel - we travel extensively and the GH was out of this world !!! from 2 weeks prior to arrival when we emailed Mark Kirby about extending our stay we were given a level of service that was faultless. Asking to stay an extra 3 days we were given an excellent rate, Mark's accommodated our every request, understanding that we were aware of the building work around the hotel, he upgraded us from a club room for 10 days to a deluxe suite for 10 days which was incredible !! upon arrival the service was unobtrusive and friendly, and yet of the highest quality, a sign of good things to come we thought.... the suite was incredible, the biggest most comfortable bed i have ever slept in, a free bottle of champagne as a welcome gift, a bakery box and fruit in the lounge and chocolates on the bed welcomed us, a lounge with sofa and chair, 2 plasmas, 2 toilets, and a small kitchen !!! the member of staff who took us to the room, showed us all the features of which took 10 mins and then politely smiled and left, the bags had already arrived before we did. first morning we got up 9am wandered down for breakfast to be met by possibly the biggest breakfast buffet we have ever seen, you name it, it was present, and if it wasnt you felt they would get it for you !! nothing was too much trouble, fantastic food and the two ladies who welcome you remembered our names from the 1st day to the last which i found incredible... the day was then spent at the sister hotel (le meridien) via the shuttle (5 mins and ran all day and night) the pool and beach at le meridien are outstanding, and better still you can sign for anything you like onto your room ,at the GH the pool bar was a nice surprise, swimming up to it and having a beer in the pool is not to be sniffed at !! returning in the evening we decided to try the much hyped lounge for club floor members, wow... we weren't disappointed !! canapes and cocktails, champagne, wines, beers and all free for 2 hours, canapes actually to die for !!! we spent an hour most evenings catching the stunning view from the 44th floor and enjoying the complimentary drinks and canapes :-) worth every single penny this is a MUST at this hotel. upon returning to our room we found the bakery box had returned this time with a flan of some description, this was repeated EVERY day alongside fresh fruit, after nipping out each evening, we would return to find a scented candle lit in the bathroom plus chocolates and rose on the bed, yes even this was repeated each day, my gf was sooooo happy !!!! half way through we decided we wanted to do some trips, the concierge spent 30 mins with us advising us and chatting to us seeing what our interests were, when we had decided, he booked them, had the tickets delivered to our room and the charge was added to the room. we must mention that the hotel is surrounded by building works, but DO NOT let that put you off this wonderful place in ANY way, the works are worse at Le Meridien over the road and having this hotel in the evenings with the wonderful Buddha Bar inside the hotel, and having the beach and pools of the Le Meridien is THE perfect way to appreciate Dubai and its many sights. for people wondering about the costs in Dubai we would seriously recommend the club level rooms, we were signing for the drinks in the club lounge each night (all complimentary of course) and one night after we decided to get a little drunk, the imaginary bill we signed was for 1040 DHS which is just under £200 this was over the cost of the room for the night lol you can easily make this deal work to your advantage. things we did whilst in DubaiMadinat complex - wonderful restaurants and setting, unreal Atlantis complex - Vegas on acid without the gambling !!! really has to be seen to be believed Desert Tour - dune bashing is amazing fun Boat Trip - relaxing Wafi - Egyptian Themed shopping centre, a bit like the Luxor in Vegas Emirates Mall - twice the size of bluewater and great for bargains Dubai Mall - the biggest shopping centre you will ever see, would take a few days to visit all the shops and cafes Gold Souk - crazy assed place people trying to sell you fake watches and bags everywhere, they are harmless, the gold shops are a total rip off mind, but have to be seen !!! Spice Souk, another crazy place, worth a look. Taxi's - dont hire a car its pointless, taxis (with petrol at 22p a litre, yes thats 22p) are dirt cheap, the longest ride we had was 30 mins to the Gold Zouk, cost ? £14 !!!! Restaurants we visited with prices Habtoor Grand Steak House - outstanding steaks !!! bill was £80 for 2 with beers Habtoor Grand - The Underground Pub - Great for sports and cheap food, 2 mains and 4 pints £50 with the football on Buddha Bar at The Grosvenor House - fantastic ambience, really good food, although keep this to yourselves, the starters on the menu are part of the canape selection you get in the club lounge ;-) and mighty fine they are too !!!! Nobu at the Atlantis - a wallet smashing £370 with wine, but wow, if you know your way around their menu, they do it well.... we feasted !!! Persian Restaurant at The Madinat - fantastic meat dishes didnt eat for 24 hours after this place, £80 for 2 with beers and starters Carluccios in Dubai Mall - 2 mains 2 fruit juices 1 starter to share £50 Fatburger in Dubai Mall - if you have ever been to IN n OUT in LA then this is the same !!!! fantastic burgers !!! 2 of us ate for £8 each with drinks all in all a fantastic holiday, didnt want to come home, will we be returning ? oh yes.... 1000000000% and we will ONLY stay at the Grosvenor House !!! Thanks to all the staff at this hotel you are ALL wonderful and a credit to your hotel, you are the reason this hotel is justifiably No1 in Dubai on TA Mark your staff are a credit to you, you should be proud !!	
May 19 2009 	Amazing	I have been meaning to write a review on this hotel for some time. AMAZING. I have stayed ina few 5 star hotels however ther service and quality of the rooms are, like I said before AMAZING. Little treats and the butler who lights the candles in the room is a lovely touch. You also get the added bonus of being able to use the Beach Club and Spa across the marina where the service is just as good. I would highly recommend this place.Actually, all excepting the bugers at the bar (Eliotts I think) - £25 is a bit pricy for an average buger!	
May 19 2009 	Every Amenity You Could Wish to Have	My stay at the Grosvenor House Dubai was for 3 nights, Sunday through Wednesday, booked through Destinology.com 's US site. I was welcomed warmly by the bellman and Front Desk staff, shown to sitting area, and offered a cold towel and welcome drink when I arrived at 9pm after a very long journey from San Francisco. My room, 3204, was well-equipped with every possible amenity that you could possibly wish to have. The Bulgari bath soaps, daily treats, chocolates, water, and coffee/tea making facilities made my stay very pleasant. The gym was available 24 hours-a-day and the selection of restaurants offered a great variety of cuisine. Complimentary interent was appreciated and I was luckier than a previous poster who had problems, it worked perfectly for me. The Club Lounge was staffed by very friendly &amp; effecient men and women. Zia took very good care of me at both tea time and cocktail hour.As mentioned before in some reviews, noise can be a problem, as construction is progressing day and night. My room was noisier during daylight hours than at night. It seems that the pile drilling and cement breaking activities were mostly performed during the day and the noise at night was not as loud. Construction too makes guests isolated as walking around in the vacinity of the hotel is not possible. I did however,take the free shuttle to the Emirates Mall &amp; Le Royal Meridien beach resort' All in all, I was very impressed with the Grosvenor House and cannot wait to return. The well-trained and friendly international staff took very good care of me.	
May 15 2009 	A most enjoyable stay	No faults what so ever. A fab service, accomodation and facilities. I was upgraded to a roomy apartment with views on the marina on arrival. Complimentary breakfast was excellent with bountiful fresh variety and strong tasty coffee on demand and without delay. Excellent attention and care around the swimming pool. This is truly a 5 star establishment with all extra trimmings and a high degree of attention to details. Enough praise - you have to go and see for yourself!!! No hassle when requesting late departure. These guys have been on the course. Well done management.	
May 14 2009 	Staff were very helpful and accommodating	Although we did not stay at the hotel, we visited the Budha Bar for dinner and drinks. It was during ATM week and we had not booked a table, however the staff on the reception were excellent and managed to squeeze us into a very busy and electrifying restaurant. The food was amazing and the service excellent and the music from the DJ got us moving in our seats - definitely recommend it to anyone.	
May 12 2009 	OUTSANDING! A cut above the rest. Gordon Rae	I have travelled to Dubai several times both for business and pleasure having stayed at the Jumeirah and Atlantis and other hotels of this standard. This morning I checked into the Grosvenor House for a short leisure stay. I can honestly say I have never received such a warm welcome anywhere in Dubai. Some of the other reviews refer to outside noise from building works - let me assure you this is not a problem. There is a real feeling of exclusivity at the Grosvenor which you will feel when you walk through its doors and are greeted by the welcoming staff. We have just had afternoon tea in the club room which beats the Kempinski hands down. Moreover, I am writing this looking over to the Palm - a magnificent view. I will certainly be returning and will be encouraging my friends and colleagues to do the same. Gordon Rae	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic hotel made our stay in Dubai amazing	This is the first time I have ever been impressed enough to write a review on a hotel.We stayed at the Grosvenor House hotel for a week with our 18 month old and had a great experience. We were there for leisure and although this is a busines hotel, we felt very welcome and the amenities were great for us (pool, spa, good restaurants etc). We live in the Caribbean so the beach was not important to us although there is a regular shuttle to the sister resort for the beach if we had wanted it. All the staff were friendly and attentive and the service was amazing. We called down for a usb cord for the internet and in less than 5 mins the butler was at the door with it. We booked a club room and the lounge on the 44th floor was relaxing although we probably didn't make as much use of it since the cocktail hour co-incided with getting our toddler to sleep. Treats arrived three times a day (fruit, cakes and chocolates) along with daily hotel information. The bar on the 44th floor is buzzing and full of lots of interesting people locals and tourists, the breakfast buffet was the best we'd ever seen. Buddah Bar was great and the baby sitting service is reasonable and reliable. Construction was ongoing whilst we were there, but apart from not being able to open our balcony doors (probably sealed due to the dust ) and a small amount of noise in the day time we weren't affected. We are looking to visit Dubai again this June and we are thinking of booking the Grosvenor again. Only hope is that we get a room on a higher floor next time.	
May 11 2009 	Nice facilities but average service and erratic Internet access	I just come back from a long weekend in Dubai and I stayed at the Grosvenor House. Having read the excellent reviews on TripAdvisor, I had high expectations but unfortunately, the hotel did not live up to its reputation for me.On the plus side:* Nice, modern and spotless hotel facilities. We stayed in room 3504 (a normal room, not a club room), which featured a nice terrace with views over the Palm Jumeirah and the Burj al Arab. Beware though, there is construction work going on 24/7 so it is quite noisy when you're on the terrace or when the window is open. Large comfy bed. Remote control for lighting and air conditioning is a nice high-tech touch although not so convenient to use in practice. Construction is going on all around the hotel so you need a taxi wherever you want to go but they're available any time and are cheap (max 20 UAD to any place in Jumeirah, 50 UAD if you go to Deira).* Access to Royal Meridien Beach through a good shuttle service every 15 min from 7am till 2am. Nice wide clean beach with good bar (try the lobster tails, they're excellent). Water is not very clean however, with some coke cans and other garbage floating. Nothing dramatic but do not expect clean turquoise waters over there. I'm not sure whether that's better in other parts of Dubai. Water temperature was about 27-30°. * Beautiful lobby with fresh flowers. You get one of the flowers on your pillow during the turn down service.* Breakfast is what you expect from a 5 star hotel with a good choice and good quality.On the minus side:* The hotel advertises free broadband internet (note: through cable, not WIFI) but it did not work for me. I could only access it every day around 20:00 for 1/2 hour. The rest of the time I got an error message: 'Invalid parameter string. Please contact the administrator'. Despite several people of the staff coming to my room and trying to solve the issue, they could not fix it. The manager on duty had an easy conclusion: &quot;there must be a problem with your computer&quot;... I use this computer every day, travel professionally a lot and use this computer to access Internet in many other hotels and never had a single issue... The manager on duty promised me to check again what they could do but he never came back to me... Good intentions but no results. Bottom line: if you need an hotel with a reliable internet access, chose another place. * We arrived at the hotel on the first day around 7am. I had booked a room for the previous night as they could not guarantee an early check-in and I wanted to be sure I could get some rest after a night flight. We left the hotel at around 14:00 and left the 'Please service my room' sign at the door. Coming back at 18:00, the room was still not serviced. I called the guest services and left for dinner. When we came back the room was done but there was no drinking water and some amenities had not been replaced. While I've been charged for a full night, what we got was nothing more than a turn down service... They brought us the water after I called them but still this is not what I expect from a 5 star hotel.* One day at the breakfast we have been given a table next to the terrace, ordered the coffee, picked up some food and when we came back they had given our table to another guest who arrived after us... They apologized and proposed another table, but that does not make you feel very special.* We were supposed to arrive at 5am and the plane was late 1 hour. I had booked an hotel pick-up, having read that they had nice BMW 7 Series with fresh towels and drinks on arrival. In practice nobody was waiting to greet us neither before nor after the passport control. We had to go to the hotel counter at the airport to get the guy popping up. Instead of BMW 7 Series we got a Lexus 350 with no towels nor drinks, charged 150 UAD vs. 60 UAD for a metered taxi. Overall good hotel with good facilities but with a lot of hick-ups in the service and a bad/unreliable internet access. Next time I would rather try the One&amp;Only (we had a dinner there and the place is just gorgeous - definitely another level than the GH or Le Royal Meridien).	
May 6 2009 	Great hotel great staff minutes to everything...	My wife and I stayed at Grosvenor House West Marina for 5 nights as part of a stopover returning from the Maldives on our honeymoon. This was the finest hotel we had ever stayed in! We stayed in a Royal Club Room on the 13th floor. The room was spotless and the bed was the most comfortable ever! The breakfast that is included with the club rooms is phenominal! The happy hour also included from 6-8pm was also world class on the 44th floor overlooking the palm island. Special recognition to Joan who was a server at the bar happy hour. She was amazing and so friendly. Our glasses were never empty :) The hotel is situated in an area that is developing but we never heard any noise as other reviews stated. We slept like babies because the bed was so comfortable. The hotel is a short taxi ride to the Atlantis (Aquaventure a must), Bar Barasti (Great club/bar), Mall of Emirates (Ski Dubai), and quite a few restaurants. We paid no more than 20 dirham per taxi ride - very cheap!!! The only complaint I have is that the Buddah Bar didn't communicate well with the front desk at the Grosvenor House. On our last night there, we made a reservation and instead of given a table, we were escorted to the 2nd level where we were seated with others. We were on our honeymoon! We thought a reservation meant a reservation for a table for 2 - not a couch for 10. The issue was resolved after a bit of complaining but the Buddah Bar staff blamed the hotel for overbooking and said it happend quite often. Aside from that very small blemish, the stay was world class and we'd most definitely return, hopefully next year!	
May 3 2009 	How a real 5 star hotel should be	GH is the sister hotel to Le Royal Meridian and the two are connected by a free shuttle bus. Guests can make use of the facilities at the LRM (which I also stayed in) and I would recommend people reading my review of the LRM as well.GH is situated in New Dubai and as a result is currently sitting in the middle of a construction site. I stayed in a corner premier room with the biggest balcony I've seen in my life... well for a hotel at least. Unfortunately the noise of the construction once outside was intolerable and therefore you could not use the balcony for the noise and dust from the construction. I was there during a weekday so don't know what it would be like at the weekend when construction slows down.The hotel is well served by taxis but it's not really possible to walk anywhere as the construction makes the crossing of the road even more challenging. I'd recommend taking the free shuttle to LRM and then you will have access to all the amenities as well as the opportunity to go to the Walk for food, etc.We ate in the hotel lobby. The two light meals were not cheap (around 50GBP for two) but the food was of exceptional quality and the service was well honed. I was particularly impressed by the service of the breakfast staff who made every efforts to remember my name from one day to the next. After staying at the LRM for the earlier two days I have to say that the service at GH was much better in that staff truely could anticipate needs, weren't over bearing and knew how to keep people happy.The premier hotel room was large and featured a full size bath and separate shower, as well as the aforementioned huge balcony. The noise was not too much of a problem with the door shut and while we face the waterfront the views weren't as good as LRM.I would say that the GH is very much more geared to the business traveller rather than the family like LRM. There's a very nice bakery downstairs of the hotel and a nice surprise in the room was a fresh delivery of a baked good each day. There was also complimentary water but this was not as plentiful as LRM. However, you can always pick more up at the gym at LRM. A nice touch was also a special welcome gift of a candle and bath salts which was a nice gift to take home.The night turn down service was efficient and left a candle burning in the bathroom. For some strange reason the air conditioning was a bit over zealous which means that it turned itself on when you left the room. This meant the room was very cool when returning to the room (perhaps good for some people) but I prefer my rooms to be at room temperature. There probably was some way to turn it off but since I was only there for a couple of nights I didn't bother checking.The breakfast selection was wider than the fushion restaurant at LRM and while the exclusivity may not be there it made up in choice. Food was of high quality and worthy of a 5 star rating.Overall an exceptional stay and service at GH. I would recommend for business travellers particularly those who may need to be near New Dubai. Those with families are better off staying at the sister LRM which is on the beach.The service and staff will stand out in my memory for this stay. The only real downside is the noise outside which meant the balcony could not be used and the location meaning that access to the beach had to be via mini-bus rather than foot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Very fine hotel experience indeed	Stay 3 nights this month in a Club level room - its a few years since our last stay in Dubai and obviously the city has changed in appearance enormously. The GH is welcome addition to the hotel landscape here is our stay was prety faultless. The service is slick and yet friendly from everyone we encountered, the rooms and public areas modern and tasteful ( not always easy in Dubai ) the food and drink good, and being able to use all the facilities at the sister le Royal Meridien ( where we stayed last time in the city ) makes for a perfect combo of a chic city hotel with beach/resort access a few minutes away . The only downside is not an aiisue with the hotel but the cost of living for a UK guest is very high ( £10 a pint, £20 glass champagne ) - it was no surpise that 90% of the guests using the Grosvenor club lounge were Brits trying to get 2 hours of free drinks and canapes in before braving the hefty restaurant bills !	
Apr 28 2009 	Fabulous hotel - amazing staff facilities and services - 10 out of 10	My partner and I have just returned from a six day trip to Dubai. We stayed at the Grosvenor House Hotel, West Beach. From the moment we arrived, to the moment we left, we felt well cared for at all times.We were upgraded from a Club Room into an apartment, which was a lovely surprise and a very nice welcome to the hotel. Our hotel was beautifully decorated, very spacious, with a lounge/dining room, kitchen, large bedroom and two bathrooms.The staff we encountered throughout the hotel, from reception to the concierge team, to the Club lounge staff, all made us feel so welcome and comfortable and nothing was ever too much trouble.The standard of the hotel was second to none. Everywhere was spotlessly clean and beautifully decorated. The food was wonderful too. We made use of Le Meridien beach/pool facilities which was a short shuttle ride from the Grosvenor. Le Meridien facilities were just as wonderful as the Grosvenor.In summary, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in Dubai looking for fantastic value with impeccable service. We will definitely return to the hotel when we next visit.	
Apr 27 2009 	Out of this World	I have stayed at the sister hotel, Le Royal Meridian before, so I already knew what high standards there would be. I can honestly say that the standards were even 'higher' in all aspects. It was my 40th Birthday on the day of arrival &amp; I was lucky enough to be upgraded from a Premier Room to a 'Suite' - absolute heaven on the 30th Floor overlooking the Palm &amp; Atlantis, with wine &amp; cake ! The service was faultless and everyone from the restaurant staff to the concierge and gym all had the same friendly and professional attitude, where nothing was too much trouble. This is hardly suprising when you have all sorts of famous names staying at this hotel.The construction will go on for some months with GH2 being built, but all I can say is that the demand must be very high for the Grosvenor to require another hotel, so I was very impressed with this and the marina. The shuttle buses went nearly every 10 minutes and the LRM was still as impressive as 2 years ago. We made full use of all the facilities at the LRM, but for food &amp; room quality, then the design of the GH is phenomonal.I had a 7 night stay with my wife &amp; 12 year old son and all I hear is - when are we going back. The simple answer is next year, as I am keen to see the changes in Dubai happening each time that I visit. It is definitely worth the payment for the Premier room, to have club lounge access, even with my son, we had early evening drinks &amp; snacks and the afternoon tea with pastries were delightful. The staff in 'Leaves' and 'Sloanes' were superb and especially Morali, who looked after us.I look forward to my return visit next April.	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent hotel	Wonderful hotel with great apartments and full use of the Royal Meridiens facilities as well. Weather was not brilliant but we had a stunning two bedroom apartment which gave us plenty of space and very comfortable. Staff are excellent and very warm and friendly. The hotel team are totally dedicated to the care of their customers	
Apr 26 2009 	this is a 6star hotel	myself and family have been staying at the grosvenor hotel since it first opened,the hotel staff make you want to come back time and time again. food is nice in all restuarants at the hotel,and some deals you get gives free half board. views from bar44 are fabulous of the marina area. I would not be writting this if it was not for some guests trying to pick faults.Sure there is building work been done all around dubai but it has not taken that long to make THE WORLD ,PALM ISLAND and over 20,000 other buildings and numerous new hotels . we have been going out here for the past 10yr. Its safe to walk the streets and the people are so freindly. getting back to the hotel,you will have a great stay because the staff make sure to your needs, also go to the new gary rhodes restuarant at the hotel great food and again make you feel welcome and make coversation with you which i like . see you soon Mr park at bar 44, Mr roel at front desk and Carlton head concierge, and all the rest of the staff. yours Mr tom	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel 	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in early April, arriving late on a Saturday night and departing in the afternoon on Tuesday. As I read in previous reviews, the service is really excellent. There are always staff there to open doors, take your luggage, welcome you and surprisingly, everyone seems genuinely friendly. We were promptly checked-in, our bags were brought up. Our only complaint, which I already mentioned to the hotel, is that there are literally like 15 different lights in the room and I don't know if it was just us, but it's nearly impossible to figure out which switch goes with which light. After turning off all the switches, lights were still on and it was kind of a pain with all the little lamps with individual switches.The room was very nice, clean, updated, nice decor. The bathroom was large, plus I loved that they had a separate mirror over the drawers so that I could apply my make up while my husband was over the sink area. Only one sink though, I always like when there are 2. The bath products were nice, as were the towels and robes.We went to Buddha Bar the first night for some drinks, not cheap, but nowhere in Dubai will you find cheap drinks. We also used the pool are one day, unfortunately when we came out about 3pm, the pool was completely shady (and it actually wasn't that hot outside!), but there is a side area where they move chairs. The staff was excellent, set up the chairs, brought a drink menu immediately, etc. We also went up to Bar 44 which is really impressive with great views.We did not eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel, nor did we get spa treatments and one of the main reasons for this is because this hotel does not participate in Starwood Preferred Guest program, like other Starwoods. We knew this before we stayed, but were really disappointed by this. Usually we'd eat at the restaurants, get treatments and other hotel extras, but because we weren't getting any points, we went elsewhere for this stuff.We were told after the fact that we had gotten some extra treats in our room and I'm not sure if we actually got the normal room upgraded that someone of our spg level does, but the room was nice regardless. Every afternoon, fruit and little candies were left in the room and they always replenished the water for free, which was much appreciated. It's too bad though, because we didn't know if any of these things were extra or if they were what everyone else gets. I think in other hotels they leave a note saying 'compliments of Starwood Preferred' for example.We debated over the hotel, whether to stay at the Le Meridien or the Sheraton Jumeriah, and finally decided on this hotel because of the price and the reviews. We were heading to the Maldives after, so we decided it wasn't a big deal to stay at the beach. The location was fine and taxis are cheap in Dubai, I guess the only problem is that there is so much construction right around the hotel, that you really can't walk anywhere. There's a great shopping centre with lots of restaurants about 5 minutes from the hotel, but there's no way you could walk there with the construction. Luckily there's a shuttle that goes often from the hotel to the Le Meridien and then you can walk from there (it's really close). We found this very convenient. The construction didn't bother us at all, and literally construction is everywhere, but if you want to be able to walk directly from your hotel, then maybe the Le Meridien is better.We took the private car service to the airport and this was good. I'm sure it's more expensive than a cab, but it's a nice car and the driver is friendly.We also found the concierge very helpful. We wanted to see a movie one night and they looked up all the times and recommended a restaurant for us. Each day we were greeted by the concierge and they were really great.We also used the free services in the spa area, jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, etc and this area is very nice (it's separate for men and women).Overall our stay was excellent. The room was very nice, as were the other areas of the hotel and the staff was great. My main complaint that would possibly prevent me from staying here again was the fact that it does not participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest program.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and i have just returned from 4 nights at the Grosvenor. We rquested an early check-in and we arrived at 8am and a room was ready for us a good start i thought ! however we normaly stay at le royal meridien and when you check - in there you feel more welcome if that is possible. You recieve a nice cold towel and a welcome juice and you feel great i ready to start my holiday ! I didnt feel this at the grosvenor. Our room was on the 22 floor and very noisy my husband was tired after our flight so he slept but i couldnt. I ventured downstairs to check-in and explained my concerns and they were very helpful and said if we came back later they would change our room. Our room was changed and when we came back from the beach the hotel had left us a cake and wine for our anniversary which was lovely and in our new room on the club floor they left us a gift to say sorry about the construction around the hotel. We had use of the club lounge which was excellent ! the previous guest mentioned the staff were forgetting orders and rushed around they must have been in a different Hotel ! The staff were excellent especially Dinesh who was so lovely to us and nothing was too much trouble they served us drinks promptly and with a smile couldnt fault the club lounge it was great. We had alovely time at the Grosvenor Dinesh at the lounge arranged a table at the budda bar for us where the service was excellent we were made very welcome. All in all i would like to say Thankyou to everyone at the Grosvenor for a lovely holiday we had a lovely stay with you i will recommend my collegues to stay here without hesitation Thankyou.	
Apr 8 2009 	First class hotel and excellent value	My partner and I have just returned from a week at Grosvenor House and can't recommend it highly enough. The hotel itself is impeccable, impressive and luxurious. Every day the car park was filled with lamborghinis and ferraris which gives an indication of its grandeur - the hotel could very easily be pretentious and imposing but the staff are so friendly and attentive, they make this wonderful space a warm and welcoming home from home. The breakfast couldn't be better and for those that want pool / beach, simply hop on the shuttle bus across the road and enjoy first class facilities and service at the Royal Meridian. Perhaps one of the best things about this hotel is that there are two great bars on site - I wouldn't say nightlife is Dubai's strong point so if you want a good time - day and night - it would be hard to beat a stay at the Grosvenor. We went for drinks in another 3 hotels (including Atlantis and Burj Al Arab) and found nothing to beat GH in terms of ambiance and value. The spa is also brilliant and was never crowded. There is building right next door - but it's Dubai - expect cranes!. The building didn't affect our holiday one bit. If we go back, we'll head straight for GH.	
Apr 7 2009 	A top notch hotel - brilliant ambience	Stayed at the GH in late March and absolutely loved it. The staff are top draw in terms of customer service and helpfulness. I brought my wife and young baby along on a business trip and the staff could not do enough to help us out. The lobby and many of the bars and restaurants have a fantastic ambience. The gym and sauna areas are excellent. Our room was fantastic and even though you can see the construction site in front of the hotel, you also get a fabulous view of the ocean and Marina area. The construction noise was not intrusive (excellent soundproof windows/doors) and the 'apology for any disturbance' gift pack from the hotel management was a nice touch. Will definitely return to the GH the next time I'm in Dubai.	
Apr 5 2009 	Best bell man in the world	First time to the Grosvenor House, but the very friendly service and the attention to detail is just as good as the LRM....and you can use the beach. Fantastic room, house-keeping took pyjamas by mistake, took a long time to get back. They put them in the laundry for free, but never said sorry for not having them for two nights.Absolute highlight, Nilesh the bell man. Left a cardigan in a taxi, understanding that the taxi had to follow a de-tour before getting to the main raod, he run across the building site and managed to catch the taxi and return the cardigan.Service at the Fusion was very friendly and the waitress remembered us from last time.Budda bar, very full, but still managed to get a table - bit shocked about the smoking though. If you are thinking of staying that side of Dubai and dont want to pay the extreme prices of some of the luxury hotels, definately go for Grosvenor and LRM.	
Apr 2 2009 	Disappointing	This was our 3rd stay at the Grosvenor and we came away disappointed. It was a series of niggles that combined to make this a less then enjoyable stay.We emailed the hotel in advance of checking in, requesting spa and restaurant reservations and a Club room overlooking the Marina to ensure we were not disturbed by the building of the new Grosvenor tower. On arrival, no mention was made of a request for a room on the Marina side and we were given a room at the front. We were even asked if we had been to Dubai before so obviously no-one bothers to make notes of returning guests – perhaps they feel they do not need repeat business.The Club lounge was far too busy in the evenings which meant that staff were running around trying to attend to everyone but forgetting orders. The afternoon tea menu never changed and the evening canapés were on a rotation every couple of days. If you are here for more than 4 days it gets extremely boring.Previously, in Club rooms you also received little afternoon canapés in room but apart from a couple of occasions, this time it was slices of cake which were dry and tired and had been seen that morning on the breakfast buffet. We were also forgotten altogether on 2 days as was our room cleaning which despite a request had still not been done 4 hours later.Several problems with Wireless access as well as faults with the TV computer in our room. The computer was finally replaced although this took several reminders to staff.Ottomans restaurant had extremely pleasant and helpful staff but you could not justify the cost for a grilled kebab which is basically nothing more than you can buy in one of the numerous Malls.Gary Rhodes, staff were over familiar and the Maitre D insisted he knew my husband even though he had never visited before so then tried to insist he knew him from London. It was all somewhat embarrassing especially as he then spent the rest of the evening taking great pains to avoid our table. The food was good but if you want the Rhodes experience visit one of his London restaurants where the staff are more professional and amazingly the bill will be cheaper. So nothing major but this used to be an excellent hotel and it has now slipped into the ok bracket. Guests were wearing skimpy shorts at both breakfast and dinner – we used to come here precisely to avoid the Benidorm crowd. I am sure if you have never stayed here before then you will think it is fine but with so many new hotels opening, we will now look to somewhere different to provide the experience we used to get at the Grosvenor.	
Mar 18 2009 	Fantastic Service	We had a fantastic stay at the Govsvenor House. The Service was impeccable and the cleanliness was to the highest standard. We ate at the Ottoman restaurant on our first night and the food was great, wide variety to choose from and the setting was very atmospheric. We were really impressed with the services available with the club room, a car came to pick us up from the airport, every day our room was filled with treats such as baklava, fresh fruit and candles in the evening. The pool area was extremely relaxing and the retreat bar served delicious healthy food.The hotel really made our holiday, the staff were great and we will definitely visit again.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Hotel wonderful Staff.	We spent Valentine's day here and thoroughly enjoyed it. We booked at the airport on arrival and having paid for a premier room we arrived to find they didn't have one ready as it was about 9am. So with a perfect smile we were offered a suite instead. The service was excellent throughout, always going the extra mile. We wanted to eat in the Buddha Bar that night (Valentine's night) but unfortunately it was full. However, we met the concierge in the lift on the way down from our complimentary drink in the Club lounge on the top floor who asked politely where we were eating. On hearing our dissapointment he wisked us straight to the restaurant and found us a table, leaving another member of staff to cancel the alternative table that we had booked elsewhere. The service continued in this style throughout and the food was great too.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service	We stayed here in March 2009 for 5 nights with our 18 month old daughter and we have to say it was one of the best hotels we have stayed in. We we're in a one bed appartment which was clean and spacious and had a small kitchen which was handy with the little one. The room was cleaned everyday and fresh fruit provided. As part of the room, you have access to the Grosvernor Club Lounge which is a real treat. However, just note that you are not able to use this if you have an child - it's access for adults only. However, we were able to make full use of the evening conplimentary drinks in the Leaves bar with the baby. The service was exceptional and nothing is too much trouble. All the staff were happy to help and were always great with our daughter. We never had to wait for the shuttle to the Le Royal Meridian (max 5-10mins away) and we have to say that although the pool at the Grosvernor is really nice, with the baby we found the pool at the Royal Meridian much better. There is alot of building work around the hotel (not unusual for the whole of Dubai!) but we never heard it in our room, particularly at night. The only problem is though that it is difficult to walk around to the Marina restaurants as some of the pavements are closed off. There is a regular shuttle to the Mall of Emirates everyday which is handy in the evenings for something to do. There is a children's play area there which we found great to entertain the baby for an hour or so. This was an all round superb hotel with everything you could possibly want in a 5 star. It exceeded our expectations and we will definately be returning soon!	
Mar 1 2009 	Excellent 5 star hotel in Dubai	A great hotel in Dubai. I stayed there twice and would also like a third. I really liked the rooms, lobby, and reception. The restaurants there are also excellent. And the hotel location is in the center of Jumeirah, with the well known Marina at a walking distance on the other side of the lake.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great views and nice rooms	Stayed for a few nights in Feb. Check in was fast, and a receptionist walks you to your room and shows you all the features, which is always a nice touch. The room featured contemporary decor and was a little on the small side (34sqm from memory) but had a nice balcony with a great view of the beach and harbour below and was spotless. There was also an outdoor table and chairs which is a great way to enjoy the view. There's construction next door where they are building its twin tower, so it can be noisy at times but with the windows and balcony door shut it shouldnt be an issue. The bed was comfy but the pillows were as soft as marshmallows. There's a 42in plasma and about 60 channels, along with a PC based DVD player. No tv in the bathroom though, and the shower cubile might be a little cramped for those who are generously built. Bvlgari toiletries are always nice but dont forget to bring your own toothbrush. Lighting, a/c and housekeeping are all controled through a touch pad console which can be fiddly to use. Although the hotel isnt located in the CBD, taxis are cheap and plentiful, and there is always a big queue of them outside the hotel, which is invaluable as this wasnt the case for a lot of other hotels. Daily fruit and chocs was a nice touch, but housekeeping never replenished the teabags which although trivial was annoying, especially since the minibar was constantly topped up. On checkout I didnt check the bill properly and was charged for stuff i didnt consume from the minibar. When I emailed the hotel they eventually said theyd reverse the charge, but never did. No big deal since its a trivial amount but at the same time its irritating to be overcharged and unprofessional to renege.There's a cosy bar at the top floor of the hotel with nice views and the much hyped Buddha bar is right next door, so if you get blind drunk in the wee hours of the morning its only a short walk to sleep it off.The staff were friendly, the lobby ritzy, and the room was comfortable and quite plush without being OTT. A very nice place to stay and can be excellent value at the right rate. Its location is close to JBR and the Marina which has some nice restaurants and most Malls are 10-15 mins away.	
Jan 20 2009 	Wow - the Grosvenor is amazing!	I have never written a review of a hotel so this one must be good! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights for the beginning of our honeymoon and I couldn't have asked for more! It is the best hotel I have ever stayed in and I haven't stopped talking about it since I returned home, so much so we have now booked to go to Dubai again but we are staying at another hotel (just to sample somewhere else).On arrival we were greeted with drinks and cold towels and the check in was prompt. We were upgraded as it was our honeymoon and the room was amazing, it was more like an apartment. The pool area was lovely and the construction didn't bother us in the slightest. All of the restaurants were lovely, every meal I had I thoroughly enjoyed. We went to the Buddha Bar for a drink it was a great, buzzing place and when we return we are hoping to have a meal here. Bar 44 on the top floor had amazing views of Dubai, another place I am hoping to return to even if for just one cocktail. Even when we left Dubai to go to Mauritius we were allocated a late check out which we greatly appreciated!I loved Dubai and I can't recommend it highly enough this was my first stay so I can't compare it to any other hotels I just hope the one we have chosen for this year doesn't disappoint. Thank you for giving us such a magical start to our honeymoon!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great Hotel Good Service - Location still a noisy construction zone	To start - this is a positive review. It is a great hotel with good service, high quality food, great rooms and I would go back - but probably on business rather than as a holiday location for the next couple of years until the construction is complete.We stayed at Grosvenor knowing the state of the Marina - ie still a heavy construction zone. A new multi-lane roadbridge, Grosvenor House II and another high rise apartment block are being built within 100 metres of the hotel. Even so, on the 20th floor in a premier room the construction noise was very loud in our first room at 3 in the morning, which was bad because it was a work trip and I managed 2 hours sleep the first night before all day on the hoof.The hotel were good. They moved us without question and gave us a choice of different rooms. In the end we settled for an Apartment on the other side of the hotel on floor 39, which had a kitchen, dining table and lounge area and great views in to the marina, (rather than beach), as well as a guest toilet, master bathroom and bedroom. It was a really good room, far quieter and the only strange thing was that it had no separate shower cubicle. You could occaisionally hear some noise still though at night from the building sites. I would recommend anyone to ask for a very high floor room looking in to the marina on the other side to the Harbour Hotel until the construction is over. Our room rate came with lounge access which is a valuable perk at this property. On the 44th floor the lounge is open from 0600 through 2200 serving breakfast, refreshments, afternoon tea and drinks / snacks, all of which are complimentary. Comparing Sloane's and the 44th Lounge for breakfast, I recommend the lounge. Its smaller, quieter and whilst there is less choice (especially of cooked foods), the service is more attentive and more personalised. If you are leaving early though and back late, or on vacation and fancy a pre-dinner glass of champagne watching the sun go down, then this is a great facility with friendly staff.The beach facilities at the sister hotel are OK and the shuttle is convenient (never waited more than about 10 minutes) on the weekend day that I used this, though I think that the beach / pool and service at Jumeriah Al Qasr / Dar Al Masayaf is far superior in this area. There are plenty of nice outside restaurants down the Jumeriah beach at The Walk and more and more emerging in the Marina, but there is still too much construction to be able to walk anywhere in the marina safely. We ate in both Ottomans and Indego and the food was excellent, as was the room service food - prices are not cheap, but no hotels in Dubai are ! So in summary - great, personalised service, but the marina is not finished, and if you are on vacation then beach facilities are better with zero consturction from the Palm / Marina at Madinat Jumeriah. So for now thumbs up as a business location, but be sure to check your room location and choose a package that includes Grosvenor Lounge access and Wifi to make for a good experience.	
Jan 7 2009 	Fantastic experience!	Have just read the &quot;sad end to good experience&quot; review and can't believe we stayed at the same hotel. During our 5 nights there, we only encountered first class service, were upgraded (ok I did ask for one, but we were definitely told about it), delightful, friendly and efficient staff throughout the entire hotel.The GHH is a fantastic hotel, sheer luxury and great attention paid throughout, which I would expect though being a top class hotel with top class prices.Included in our upgrade to a Club room was entry to the Club Lounge, which served beverages and pastries throughout the day, but between 6 - 8pm you could sample any alcoholic drink plus canapes, which was fantastic (especially when you saw how much a glass of champers would have cost you - don't ask!)Just after checking out, we were told to our utmost amazement that the car to the airport was not a taxi, which was what we had booked, but a very nice Merc, courtesy of the hotel. No idea why this was provided, maybe because it was my fiance's birthday whilst we were there, but we weren't complaining!Would definitely recommend the hotel and would return (when the pound is stronger though). It's not in the most convenient of places, but when the marina and the metro shuttle service is completed, it will be much easier to get around.Overall, if you want luxury and to be pampered and looked after, GHH is the place to stay.	
Dec 13 2008 	Sad end to good experience	Stayed 3 nights at the end of October. Arrived at 3 am and check in was therefore completely hassle free, although I had asked for a non-smoking room but none was available. They promised to tell me if a non-smoking room would become free during my stay, but it seems it never did. Room was decent size and very big bathroom. Upon check-out, it turned out that this was a club room and I had been upgraded, however I was never told this during check-in. The room was more or less as I expected it, so then I'm not sure what the standard room would have looked like - probably disappointing for its price. Pool and gym are quite small, but I suppose people prefer to use the beach facilities of the partner hotels instead. The Indego restaurant serves excellent quality Indian food, but with a surprisingly slim choice in the menu. The chef explicitly made an exception for me by making me some Peshwari naans, otherwise the only naans on the menu is a set basked with three kinds (incl. blue cheese nan!?). The breakfast is huge and so is the buffet dinner, however if you go late in the evening your conscience gets hit by seeing how much has been prepared but will be left uneaten. I hope they give the mountains of leftovers to staff or charity. Buddha Bar next door seems to serve pricey food in a very noisy environment. Yes, the surrounding looks very nice, but I'd rather eat somewhere else and then go to BB for drinks. The bar is a busy meat market, after three nights in a row at the Buddah Bar you start recognizing who are &quot;in the business&quot; and guests begin chatting with you about how rates fluctuate from one night to another... My stay ended in a disappointing way, namely at checkout. I had had breakfast every morning and the first morning I was charged, while the other two mornings I wasn't. I said I had probably escaped payment twice (and was then willing to pay now) or I had been wrongly charged the first morning. This is when I was told that my room was an upgrade (noone told me at check in, remember?) and that therefore they charged me for breakfast the first morning (breakfast wasn't included in my original room rate) and then waived it the following mornings. I said Thank You, but the check-out girl looked annoyed that I had asked the question. Then I discovered that I had a room service minibar bill of AED 500, without having touched it. As noone could prove the opposite, it was waived from the bill after swearing twice I hadn't had anything. Next, they wanted to bill me a &quot;Lost Interface&quot; charge for when I had closed the room door, but left the key in the card holder on the inside, so they had to give me another card to open the door again!? I said that was a ridiculous charge and then it was waived. Unfortunately, after these three &quot;difficult&quot; enquiries, eye contact was lost for ever with the clerk, who printed the invoice, gave it to me without a look or a smile, no thank you, no good bye. I wished her a good evening, but she preferred to concentrate on some presumably more important paperwork. Maybe guests spending AED 8000 in the hotel shouldn't ask questions about small charges, incorrect charges and details? But I did and apparently that's not appreciated. Silly me... Overall, decent rooms but not at all worth the rates charged and not any better than the neigboring hotels. Buddah Bar is a nice feature, as is the open buffet (AM and PM), while Indego is good but not spectacular. The service and attitude of staff, however, makes me go back to other alternatives rather than staying at Grosvenor again next time. I recommend that the Grosvenor team goes to the Jumeirah group hotel properties to study soft skills.	
Dec 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel and Service	Great hotel for Pleasure and Business. First class attention to detail and the staff are very attentive and helpful. We were upgraded to a suite with probably the best bed I have ever slept in! Great variety of restaurants. We particularly enjoyed the excellent Indigo Indian restaurant. I recommend booking a club room which includes access to the executive club on the 42nd floor. Bar and snacks are complementory in the Club and there are great views over the Palm. Grosvenor's own website had the best deals v the booking sites when we booked. We will definately use this hotel again when we visit Dubai.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel for comfort, service. We stayed in a Club room, with access to the Club Lounge, free aperitifs etc. The staff can't do enough for you and the Michelin star retaurants are brilll. The hotel has a sister Meridien on the beach opposite, and a shuttle runs all day for the two minutes journey. Beware - there's loads of building going on, so you need to be on the 30th floor or above to get away from the noise - they work 24x7.All in all, one of the best hotels in Dubai, and you won't be disappointed. We booked on a half board basis, and a lite lunch around the pool will set you back about £50 per couple.	
Nov 20 2008 	Well-managed and great for the Buddha Bar	It's a large scale conference hotel with good views of the Palm developments and very attentive staff. The rooms are not large by Dubai standards, but they are very well-appointed. Late night laundry requests and suit pressing for the morning presented no problems and the room service was prompt and good. They made decent drinks and serve sausage and bacon for breakfast. Next door is the Buddha Bar and the concierge is good at sorting out a table. This is not a mad Dubai experience, but if you want something normal and well run this is probably it.	
Oct 21 2008	In the land of plenty	The general standards of service and amenity would put to shame most top end business hotels in Europe or the USA.My wife and I made a three night stopover, on the way back from the Maldives, and were most pleased by the ease of the very efficient check in, and the genuine warmth of the welcome.We had the good fortune to be upgraded to a wonderful corner junior suite, (though more like a real suite, with separate living quarters), with a panoramic floor to ceiling curved bay window. The amount of gifts ,sometimes brought twice daily, was impressive indeed, as was the attention to details. On the second evening for example, they left a bottle of Australian Chardonnay in an ice bucket, together with a selection of savoury canapes, to welcome us back into our room. The wine was the same wine that we had ordered in their Oriental restaurant the night before, and had told them that we very much enjoyed it. Such was the attention to details.On that note, their Oriental restaurant proved to be a very nice and intimate place for an evening meal, with gentle live music, consisting of two string-instrument players, dressed in local attires.I did not very much enjoy the Buddha bar restaurant, though an impressive sight , the scale of the place was so immense that a small table for two felt rather lost amidst large surrounding parties.The range of services on offer at the GH is also baffling, and would certainly make all the difference, were this a business trip.For example, I could arrange, with only a twenty minute notice, to have a car and chauffeur to take us to one of the many 'impossible-to-miss' shopping mall .A stylish white Lexus pulled up as soon as we stepped outside the hotel entrance, and the very nice and discreet driver took us to where we wanted, and had obviously just waited for us during the whole two hours we were there , to promptly reappear at the meeting point we had arranged, to help us with our shamefully overloaded shopping bags. He smoothly drove us back in the ice-cooled car, through Dubai's traffic jams. And this princely service only cost in all about 50 US dollars. To rejuvenate from such busy days, the hotel has an excellent indoor spa, where all possible treatments are available, again without any fastidiously long advanced booking, in fact, you can pretty much just turn up on a whim. The standard of service were, once again, outstanding. During a manicure, they will of course offer various refreshements, but also give you a complimentary shoe shine.I must also mention that we had decided to stay on the executive floor, for a small nightly supplement, to use the compimentary bar on the top floor, for the occasional coffee, or pre-dinner drink.In fact, the bar featured a sumptuous buffet at all time of the day, often replenished with luxurious offerings to enjoy with a chilled glass of delicious champagne.It was unfortunate, however, to be surrounded by some of my British compatriots, who seem to be more used to a £4.99-eat-all-you-can-buffet, back home. As the chav boyfriends would accumulate drinks on their table, (beer and champagne), their overweight girlfriends, enthralled by the cornucopia on offer, would elbow their way to pile up the saussages and the smoked salmon, on their plates, blurting out &quot;Oooo, lovely!&quot;Those same people would of course never be seen for their inclusive breakfast, as they were all in the main restaurant, where much larger and greasyer foods could be found. This meant that on the three mornings we were there, my wife and I had the whole executive lounge all to ourselves, where it is a very pleasent place to start the day, with ample choices for breakfast, with cold cuts, fruit skewers and top quality cereals.Perfect service from the sweet and professional Asian and Indian team.In the evening, for a night cap, the main bar on the top floor, (opposite the executive lounge), is a fun place, with excellent cocktails, and jazzy live music. Often crowded, it is nice just to sit back in a comfortable armchair, and watch a wonderful array of flashy polyester evening dresses go by.In conclusion, Dubai really is a place like no other, an experience I would recommend anyone to do at least once in their lives. And the Grosvenor House hotel is, near enough, the perfect base to do that.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great hotel !!!	My husband and I spent 2 nights in that hotel and we loved everything about it !!The room was amazing, the bed great, beautiful bathroom....we didnt want to go out !!Would love to go back....	
Sep 16 2008 	Superb service and room but surrounded by building site	This is a great hotel with a quality of service and style that is hard to fault. Its designed with business folk in mind not families. The hotel occupies some floors of the the building and there are also apartments. The sister hotel is across the way with access to the 'beach'. Being new, it ishiny and full of gadgetry. The rooms are well designed and equipped and beds very comfortable. Great desk to work from and various chairs/sofas. The view from the window looks our across the (emerging) marina with The Palm and mega hotel Antlantis in the far distance. The restaurants were also excellent and characterised by outstanding service. Overall faultless, but with one problem, the noise. All night long the building of sky scraper around the hotel continues. So if you are a light sleeper its best avoided.Would I return again, yes.	
Sep 13 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I booked a last minute holiday to Dubai , we intially were offered Le Royal Meredien , the sister hotal to GH, and were slightly disappointed that it was not available. We did go to Le Royal Meredien and think that it was a nice hotel but the service was not a patch on GH. From the moment we arrived everything was outstanding the room was lovely we were on half board and found Sloanes restaurant varied and of a very high standard.We stayed in one of the Club rooms and had access to the club lounge on the 44th floor offering free snacks tea &amp; coffee all day but the real plus was the free drinks and buffet from 6-8 every night. Dinesh the club lounge supervisor was lovely he went the extra mile and really made us feel very welcome. The GH is primarily a business hotel but we were there on holiday and I found it refreshing to escape the club med atmosphere that exists at the beach hotels. The pool area was lovely and the attendants were excellent. All in all i would strongly recommend the GH as a excellent hotel and I enjoyed the fact it was not touristy.	
Sep 7 2008 	Whats not to love !!!!! Fabulous!!!!!	WOW! I've been a travel agent for ten yers and been to some fabulous hotels BUT what a hotel, the rooms are awesome, big plasma screens, key pad controls for the lights, buvlgari shower gel, the list is endless! Massive bathroom with standard large rainforest walk in shower, separate bath, etc and fantastic balcony overlooking the sea.Get a club room upgrade so drinks between 6 and 8 are free along with food. The service is the best I've received, they will make an affort to remember your name, your favourite drink everything! Food was lovely, all cooked fresh in front of you, loads of salmon, crab, beef etc. The hotel does have a pool where they serve you water and fruit and cool flannels ...Everyday they come to your room leave fruit, chocolate, cakes, bottles of water etcSo, ok its not right on the beach, its so close though, you could easily walk it in 2 minutes. The hotel offers you a free 2 min shuttle to the lovely and large with two pools Le Meridian Beach Hotel (its sister hotel) where you can use all the facilities. You can charge drinks to your room at the Grosvenor while at the beach. Buddha bar is wicked (saw some premiership footies - thats how cool this palce is (or not!) really nice play to drink and eat in the evening. So much more to write about this hotel, absolutley awesome!! Stay here!	
Aug 24 2008 	Best business hotel I have ever stayed in	I went there a couple of weeks ago for the kick-off meeting with a client. After a long flight I enjoyed the fact that there was complimentary limousine service (Emirates Business Class offer) to the hotel and that the check-in process was fast and efficient. The room was of an excellent standard with high quality amenities and a daily fresh fruit plate. Absolutely perfect for just spending a relaxing evening at the hotel before my full day of meetings the next day.That evening, after having a drink at the bar on the 44th floor and chatting to the very interesting Tibetan bartender, I decided to just order some food from room service and then get a good night's rest. The menu was extensive and I enjoyed some wonderful Arabian delicacies, which I was not afraid to choose as it also had extensive allergy information. The only problem is that as a nut allergy sufferer, I got a dessert which contained nuts - even though the menu did not state that the dessert contained nuts. My lips immediately started swelling up and my throat started constricting so I had to call the nurse to get an anti-histamine tablet and spent the rest of the night being sick or sleeping fitfully. Not exactly what I had hoped for before a full day of meetings that were starting at 5:30 a.m. on my body clock...The next morning, as I was waiting to be picked up I just mentioned the issue briefly to the front desk, assuring them that I was feeling fine, but that I would recommend they changed the menu description to ensure that somebody who suffers more than I do does not go into anaphylactic shock at a future date. They said that they were very sorry and would definitely convey this to the food and beverage manager. I thanked them and left for my day of meetings. Upon my return I contacted the concierge to confirm my limousine booking for the trip back to the airport in the morning. I was then told that he needed my flight reference number and I told him it was in my room. He then followed me up to the room and got the number and also offered to do the online check-in for me. He promised me that he would personally take care of it and asked if I would be in my room and I told him that I was planning to go upstairs to the bar again in a few minutes and he said he would come up with the boarding pass and confirmation of departure time.As I sat down to relax for a second, I noticed that there was a letter on the bed along with the amenities from the turn-down service. This was a letter from the hotel nurse asking me to phone if I was feeling any discomfort. When I turned on the TV I saw that there was also a message from the nurse there and there was a message for me at reception. I dialled up and was immediately patched through to the Duty Manager who enquired about my health and conveyed his sincerest apology. He then asked how long I was staying for and when I was planning on coming back because he would like to offer me an upgrade for my next stay when he heard I was leaving in the morning. I thanked him and said that this was more than I had expected, but, naturally, I'd be happy to accept :-). He asked me what my plans were for the evening and I told him that I intended to visit the Buddha Bar (Dubai outpost of the famous Parisian restaurant and bar - and much better than the original in terms of food) and that I had to leave early in the morning. He wished me a good evening and would contact the nurse on my behalf to say that I was feeling fine.I then went upstairs to the bar, where the bartender (and the manager) greeted me by name - they obviously endeavour to learn the names of the guests and pass the info on to the manager who greets people by the door. We had a short conversation about Russia, the Middle East, oil and gas before I decided to go to my booked table at Buddha Bar. When I returned from my meal and an evening of chatting to a couple of English girls seated at the table next to me, I found a bottle of red wine and some small nibbles with a personal note from the duty manager. As it was getting late, I decided to skip those and headed straight to bed. In the morning, as I checked out I asked the front desk staff to convey my thanks to the night duty manager and saying that I hoped the bottle of wine could be kept over until my next visit. As I was finalising the check out the day duty manager arrived (he had been called by staff without me noticing) and personally wanted to thank me for bringing the issue to their attention and offered his sincerest apologies. He also mentioned that they were really looking forward to welcoming me back so they could be allowed to show off the hotel from its best side. I told him that I was very impressed with the way they had handled everything (this was while he was walking me to the limousine and he had even offered to carry my shoulder suit bag). I was told that the owner of the hotel had put his complete faith and trust in the staff and that this empowered them and filled them with a sense of pride to ensure that they made both their guests and the owner happy, but also that the owner very much was the embodiment of the customer service ideal that he wanted the hotel to follow. It has to be noted here that the owner of the hotel is also the Chairman of Emirates, His Highness Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum.I cannot think of a single time in all of my years of travelling that I have been as blown away as I was with my stay at the Grosvenor House Dubai. I can't wait to go back and would like to use this public forum to once again thank them for exceeding my expectations and to recommend it to all business travellers who want to stay in a high class hotel with all amenities and facilities and where everything runs like clockwork to allow you to focus on what you came there for: the business.I can't vouch for the facilities available to leisure travellers and what is available at the &quot;sister property&quot; at Le Meridien where the beach is by the Marina, but I can guarantee you that the service will be fantastic no matter what. Grosvenor House Dubai gets two thumbs up from me - and a big and heartfelt thank you. It is the ideal business hotel and next time I hope to be able to stay for an extra day to take advantage of some of the services available - especially the spa.	
Aug 21 2008 	Highly recommended!	We were booked into the Grosvenor for 5days following recommendations from other reviewers, and having had previous stays at Jumeirah Beach we thought we'd try something new, and the GH did not disappoint.The lobby area is huge and well staffed with greeters, and the desk staff were very quick and efficient to deal with us, just what you need after a long flight. Special thanks go to Nila on reception who took care of us.We stayed in a one-bed suite on the 30th floor, this comprises of a king-sized bedroom, lounge area, kitchen and dining area with 2 bathrooms and 2 42&quot; LCD tvs, our windows faced towards the sea and also to a nearby construction site, but this is happening everywhere so was not unexpected.There are 2 restaurants serving breakfast at GH, and the different opening times mean that guests can eat from 6am all the way til 12.30pm, perfect if you had a late night. Breakfast buffet was well up to Dubai standards with lots of variety and freshly cooked eggs and waffles.GH is probably one of the busiest hotels in the evenings, due to the Buddha Bar in the basement, which serves terrific Asian food and is always packed. Luckily, our room cards took us straight past the queues! Also Bar 44 on the 44th floor (unsurprisingly) has amazing views of the surrounding area, a huge wine list and live music every evening. Wonderful atmosphere, we were there nearly every night and never left before closing time, around 2am.The location is close to the beach but not on it. However guests have free use of the sister hotel Royal Meridien which is 2mins away and there is a free shuttle bus every few minutes. Buses are also laid on for the big shopping malls nearby, ideal for breaking out the credit cards and going to the movies.The hotel restaurants are not cheap, but they are some of the highest rated in Dubai and well worth treating yourself. Gary Rhodes has his name on one of them. If you're lucky to have executive club access on the 44th floor, the lounge offers magnificent views of the Palm, as well as daytime snacks and drinks all included.Special mention must also go to the spa on the 4th floor, where we availed ourselves of some treatments, plus the men's salon where I had a 'full works' barber shave.Overall a terrific stay with great service and comfort, what more could you ask for?	
Aug 16 2008 	outstanding!!!!!!	the Grosvenor house hotel in Dubai would have to be the best hotel ive ever stayed in, i have stayed in many 5 star hotels around Dubai and the Asia pacific region and this by far outweights them all.i was picked up at the airport with someone waiting at my arrival gate where they put me straight through the express customs line where i did not have to wait at all where the line was at least 20 people deep.i was driven in a brand new 7 series BMW and my lovely driver the whole way told me very interesting and quirky facts about Dubai and UAE.on arrival i had at least 4 people come to my aid and take my bags offer me drinks and refreshing towels.the room was huge and the beds were really comfy, everyday there were new fruits and cakes placed in the room and the turn down service at night included chocolates and a rose.the bathrooms were amazing with rain showers and a huge bathtub that could easily accommodate a 6ft tall person.overall i was very impressed with the service and at how efficient and smoothly all tasks were done.i'll definently stay there next time i am in dubai.	
Aug 16 2008 	Maybe the best in Dubai	I went to Dubai a couple of times, and each time at different hotels. I will say Grosvenor House is the best, compare to Sheraton, Radission, Al Bustan Rotana.... I stayed at the executive level, which entitled me for free drinks (alcohol or non-alcohol, up to your choice), variety of snacks in executive lounge, which located at the highest level. That's very great relax, especially after a whole day meeting.	
Aug 13 2008	They go "the exra mile".	This is the second time my family and I have stayed at the Grosvenor House in Dubai. In terms of overall service I must say it can not be beaten. I am comparing it to the likes of Mandarin Oriental, Shangri-la, Intercontinental etc. and the Grosvenor House is certainly up there with the best of them.The staff to guest ratio is very high and all the staff are extremely attentive, kind and courteous at all levels.The hotel facilities are superb and are as previously described. The standard of the rooms is very high and the public areas are extremely chic but not &quot;over the top&quot; as in some Dubai hotels. An elegant air exudes throughout the establishment.If you want something a little different and an experience you won't forget then go for the Grosvenor House. You will not be disappointed.We shall certainly return.	
Jul 27 2008 	wonderful hotel	The room was extremely comfortable. This is an excellent hotel. We stayed in a wonderful room on floor 38th. Friendly staff, perfect services. Perfect choice to stay in Dubai.	
Jun 19 2008 	Dazzling but not perfect.	Stayed for three nights and was pleased by this luxurious and reasonably efficient business hotel.The room reservation and booking of airport transfer on arrival worked really well - prompt and courteous. Front desk staff advised on check-in that I had been upgraded to a much sought after suite, #4001. The suite has a generous size balcony on the 40th floor with awesome views. The room itself was really top class with two flat screens, nice toiletries, great bed, etc. Nice surprises like candle light in the bathroom at night, different fresh fruits every day, sweets, etc., kept turning up. It made me feel pampered.My room rate included access to and free buffet breakfast at the 44th floor lounge – very cosy place with great service. They claim to open for breakfast from 06h00 but one morning staff was still trying to complete the buffet at 06h40. The swimming pool area and the spa is a gem – I found great service here.The staff is generally friendly and service is very good although some of the junior staff lack in English capabilities. Sometimes it was cumbersome to organise service over the phone. It almost seemed as if staff was looking for someone else or another department to do the job and every request had to be repeated to two different individuals. Why have a ‘guest services’ function when all they do is transfer the call to another department?The rooms do not have a Wi-Fi broadband Internet connection (beware Apple/Mac users) – it’s done via a cable and that’s a pity with a great balcony with seating furniture. The reception areas and the lounge on 44th floor do offer Wi-Fi. The broadband connections I found to be very poor: slow, clunky to use and unstable.In the morning on the day before departure I gave housekeeping a shirt that needed mending and they agreed to fix and return it the same day. This never happened and I forgot about it. When I got home I wrote to the hotel and they forwarded my shirt to me via DHL. Grosvenor House is operated by Le Méridien and is part of Starwood Hotels Group but one does not earn SPG points here. When I was bored with the hotel I walked down to the canal, turned right and walked along the canal for about 500 meters where several new restaurants and café’s have openedGrosvenor House offer good value for money and would have liked to stay longer - I’ll probably stay here again.	
Jun 4 2008 	Simply the best!	This was the first destination of our honeymoon. We arrived early in the morning and were offered an upgrade to a deluxe suite room to celebrate our honeymoon. The reception of the hotel is amazing with marble floors and the rozes on each table, which are changed every some days. We were accompanied by hotel staff who explained us the setup of the room and our luggage got delivered to our room 5 minutes after we checked-in. Service in this hotel is just amazing. Everybody smiles, says hello and accompanies you to where you should go when you ask them a question. The hotel staff are just doing everything to make you feel at home (offering apples, bringing every day chocolates to our room, cake and wine to celebrate our honeymoon, every day some extra sweets in our room, free late check-out at 15:00, the service at the swimming pool where they offered us free fruits and icecream). The friendly, smiling staff and the extreme politeness and help they showed us made this hotel far beyond a normal 5-star hotel. We have travelled around the world and have seen many 5-star hotels, but this hotel is simply the best. Don't believe any negative reviews on this hotel!!Thank you very much Grosvenor House.	
May 27 2008 	So nice going back in a few years	I must say it was a big spend for me and partner, but this was so nice and staff where always nice, they treat you like kings. The beds are made every day with clean sheets, fresh fruit or snacks every day, cleaned every day, TV was brill, bed was to die for, bathroom was massive. I must say stay here and you wont be disappointed. Pool was nice across road, a merc every few mins fully air con was very nice. Try steak house in the le meridian over road, well worth it, bets we tasted, you have to book or wait if not busy.	
May 26 2008 	Excellent Hotel Be Aware Of Building Works	Ok lets put this into a correct perspective.Positives FIRST.This was the first time I ventured to Dubai, I had No IDEA on which hotel to use, the Grosvenor looked good so I booked.On arrival , I was shocked at the amount of building work in Dubai, at least 300 hotels are being built (probably many more)Sounds like an exaggeration, just wait till you get there.The Grosvenor is SURROUNDED by building work, my immediate reaction was disappointment, HOWEVER much to my surprise I learnt to cope with the industrial style outlook, as the Hotel itself was truly FIRST CLASS, the service, the staff, the food, were all exemplary. We received flowers &amp; little snacks ,cakes ,fruit etc) to our room every night, the staff were attentive to our every need, the hotel pool was private, and staffed well. The Executive Grosvenor bar (44th floor) was excellent, and the food was great.A feature of the hotel is the Budda Bar, a themed night club/style restaurant, well used by the local fashionable people. An enjoyable ambience , and good music.Bar 44 (on the top floor) is well worth a visit, superb views over the Newly built (being built) Palms &amp; Sea.The ONLY negative I can think of is the building works.. BUT this is not unique to the Grosvenor, building works are almost EVERYWHERE, you simply can't escape it at this time.. (may 2008)The Grosvenor has all you'd need for a peaceful relaxing holiday, NOT a hotel for kids, more professional, or romance.Taxi's are DIRT cheap, its hard to spend more than £5 ($10) ANYWHERE.Visit the local malls,.. MALL of the emirates, is impressive, and WAFI, we also went to local Diamond and Gold SOUK (market)Diamonds are cheap, but educate yourself before buying its a minefield. Madinat souk is also worth a visit.Watch's were disappointing, with NO VISIBLE saving from UK prices.. I wanted to buy one whilst I was out there, but it simply didn't equate...Nightlife is poor, if you like eating &amp; drinking every night its great, but not much else to do. Having said that I was looking for a relaxing holiday with my wife, and thats EXACTLY what I got.BOOK early if you wish to visit the Burj Al Arab, you can do afternoon tea, its expensive but worth the effort, book before you travel, as they are booked weeks in advance 'busy season' try the MONKEY FREEZE cocktail , absolutely yummy.All in all ,my experince with Grosvenor was superb, would I go back again ? YES in a heartbeat... The hotel itself was sooo good, it made up for all the buiding and industry going on around it.The General Manager is a British Women, who obviously knows how to please her clients, this hotel will not disappoint you. This is the first time EVERY member of staff treated me with respect,and a professional attitude. i travel to many destinations every year, and NOTHING has come close to the service I got at the Grosvenor.I will be booking again in October 2008, thats how good it is.Paul Miles (room 1513.. excellent view) MAY 12th - May 19th 2008(hope this review helps you, I have tried to be honest and informative)	
May 23 2008 	There are simply not enough superlatives to describe this hotel..	I have just completed a weeks stay at the Grosvenor House Dubai (my first was in Feb 2007) and am very happy to report that it is still an absolute diamond of a hotel. The level of customer service is simply astounding and second to none. Every single member of staff is smiling, welcoming, helpful, and goes the extra mile to make your stay special.Highlights include:The rooms are luxurious, spotlessly clean, tasteful, well equipped and serviced throughout the day. If you use towels, by the time you return to your room there will be fresh ones. Turndown service always has roses and chocolates!The pillows on the beds are made from clouds taken from heaven.There is a fantastic Beach Rucksack provided in the room for when you go out!!The staff know your name everywhere you go!! If you ask for 'anything' it is done immediately, without fuss and if its a dinner or excursion booking, a printed confirmation is delivered to your room within minutes. The concierge desk is extremely efficient.The food and service at the Indigo and Gary Rhodes Mezzanine restaurants was sublime!!The breakfast buffet is also superb and has enough choices to cover pretty much anybody's preferences!The evening finger buffet in the Club Lounge is also so good you could just eat there and miss dinner completely.Evening drinks in the Club Lounge are top quality and you never have to ask, they are ready to top you up as soon as you are halfway through a drink!There is also free wireless internet in the Club Lounge and all public areas.The beach, lawns and facilities at the sister 'Royal Meridien hotel' are all superb, and getting there is no problem at all, as the shuttle bus (an Air-conditioned Mercedes) was always there within seconds and takes about 2 minute door to door.The Buddha Bar (fantastic!) is downstairs and has great atmosphere, music and food.(We saw Gloria Hunniford and Cliff Richard there!)(And if you are a car lover, you will never see such a selection of exotic cars parked in one place, Bugatti's, Lambo's, Mclaren's, Ferrari's, new Rolls Convertibles.. They are all here every night!)I could go on and on about how much I adore this hotel. The management team of The Grosvenor House Dubai have created a hotel so perfect, that I simply cannot think of a single thing that I don't like about it.The icing on the cake was the champagne and chocolates delivered to my room on my final night, thanking us for choosing the Grosvenor House, and the new 7 Series BWM that was there to take us to the airport on the morning that we left. Both lovely unexpected surprises that finished a perfect weeks stay.If you are looking for a luxury hotel where every moment of your stay is a complete pleasure, then look no further!	
May 15 2008 	Liked it but didn't love it	We normally stay at Le Royal Meridien in Dubai but on this occasion we booked last minute and the Meridien was full so opted for the Grosvenor House instead. Enjoyed our stay here but would go for Le Royal Meridien if choosing between the two. Why? well, on the plus side … The food at the Grosvenor House was excellent; the breakfast buffet was far superior to that at Le Royal Meridien. We had a limited choice in the evenings as the hotels restaurants tend to book up very quickly, despite this we could not fault the food we had, it was superb. The staff are helpful and professional, the hotel lobby and public areas are outstanding …… on the down side; don’t be fooled with the offer of ‘complimentary half board’ – this is limited to 100dhs per person – we couldn’t get an evening meal in the hotel for less than 200+dhs per person, the pool area felt claustrophobic and so we used the facilities at Le Royal Meridien – this isn’t ideal as you have to get a shuttle over, although they are frequent we missed the convenience of popping back and forth from the beach or pool to our room during the day if we wanted to. Other reviewers mention a steady stream of daily treats and canapes? we got them only twice during our 5 night stay. The Grosvenor House I feel is more suited to the business traveller whereas the Meridien is a little more laid back with more of a ‘holiday’ atmosphere, our room was nice but rather small and it was a shame that after the fist night the lovely bedding and cushions, were left stacked to the side of the bed throughout our stay nstead of being put back on a daily basis and being taken off in the evening as I would expect. I don’t wish this review to sound negative – overall we enjoyed our stay and I would stay there again, it would not however be my first choice.	
Apr 28 2008	First Class	First class hotel, service, rooms, food, staff everything of the highest order. Try the sister hotel, the Meridian, with it's own private beach. It's just round the corner and the Grosvenor has a 15 minutely shuttle there and back. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone and find it difficult to believe that even the most demanding traveller would not be blown away by this hotel!	
Apr 24 2008 	Makes Wynn Las Vegas look like a Travelodge	Last June I had the misfortune to stay at Wynn Las Vegas, which was over-hyped and expensive. This place wipes Wynn Las Vegas off the map. Other reviewers have commented on the fantastic rooms, impeccable service and the standard of the food so I won't dwell too much on them but here's an example of the service provided - I had problems finding a TV channel on one of the plasma screens in the suite. I called reception, the attendant arrived inside 45 seconds, and I was on the 21st floor! He had practically sprinted to get there and was almost out of breath! Try asking for that sort of service in the George V in Paris and see how far you get! But enough with the platitudes as they've all been said in previous reviews. Here's some tips that might be useful at this hotel.1) Keep your key card away from your mobile phone if you can. I've long had problems with my mobile hone signal deactivating hotel room keys and it happened twice here.2) Take some time to pick out a nice spot at the pool if you're looking for a tan. There are skyscrapers around that will block the sun out very quickly and it can be difficult to find a sunny spot.3) The hotel is in the middle of New Dubai which is a building site. If you don't like building work stay away from Dubai (although in fairness you won't hear the building work from your room as they are well sound proofed).4) You don't need to eat too much here, which might sound a strange thing to say but this hotel provides you with &quot;treats&quot; in your room that just keep arriving. Everything from boxes of chocolates, tangerines, cakes, sweets, a cheeseboard ( all free of charge) all turned up at some point in the day.5) Take some time to work out which elevators go to which part of the building as some go to the apartments and some go to the hotel and it can be confusing.6) When getting a taxi to the Gold Souk or the Souk's in general, avoid rush hour, they've only got one main road and it will take you forever.	
Mar 27 2008 	Should be 6 stars not 5 outstanding	All of the following included in our room rate: we were picked up at the airport by a chauffer, handed lemon grass scented towels while being driven to the hotel 30 min away. Stayed in a club fl room which was quite &amp; had a view of the ocean. Very modern .Lovely little pastries left for us by our butler every evening. Breakfast was either a small buffet in the club lounge (44 fl) or on 2nd floor where there was an amazing selection of everything you could imagine. The club lounge had great afternoon tea, snacks, drinks on 44 fl. This perk is only available to guest staying in a club room .Shuttles to the beach 5 mins away or to the malls. When time to go back to the airport was chauffer driven .Over all experience, outstanding, food, service, and attention to detail. One of the very best hotel stays I have ever had any where in the world!	
Mar 26 2008 	Will return to the Grosvenor House	This is a property with high standards in every aspect and it is no surprise that it is a favourite with business travelers. It is well located, on the Marina.The public areas are large but not spectacular. However, as far as service is concerned, this hotel is genuine luxury all the way. The service is high quality, efficient and responsive but is amazingly unobstrusive - you never even spot any housekeeping staff! Tolietries are Bulgari. The beds are among the best you'll come across in any hotel and you're assured of restful sleep. Each evening a platter of treats (good stuff, gets better each day) is left in your room.My room overlooked The Palm, Jumeirah and the view was breathtaking.Rooms aren't very large but are well appointed. F &amp; B is also excellent. And, of course, the star outlet of the hotel - the Buddha Bar - rocks!The low point is the quality of concierge services. The desk is blissfully unfamiliar with Dubai hotspots and will direct you to most ordinary and unpopular restaurants and clubs. Overall, top marks for service, food and quiet efficiency. I would definitely return if I was staying in the Marina area again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Loved Loved Loved...	I'm in the hospitality business and I just wish I could take my staff from the US there to show them how a REAL Hotel get's thing right.From the minute they picked us up in the BMW 750il at the airport until they showed us right to our room it was a charm.This hotel was rated 5 Star on the internet....I assure you the person who gave the Stars never stayed there.It would be considered 6-7 Stars in the States.We've stayed at The Wynn in Vegas 5 times and I work for the company that owns 6 properties in Vegas and all I can say is Mr. Wynn should take a trip there.The staff would never point out the direction where to go they would take the time and effort to show you exactly how to get to your destination.Restaurants very incredible.Drinks were a little expences but I knew that going into the country.Dubai was Great....and my wife and myself would return to this hotel and no other when we return.	
Mar 24 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	We stayed at the GH for one night while in Dubai. We spent most of the week staying with family in the Marina area but wanted to experience a beautiful Dubai hotel before leaving. 99% of our experience was fabulous. -Excellent service from the staff-Beautiful decor everywhere-Spacious rooms-Wonderful beach at the Royal Meridien-FANTASTIC breakfast buffet at the mezz. restaurant-Very accomodating - our flight out wasn't until after midnight so they stored our luggage and then let us use the spa to change / refresh before going to the airport-Airport transfer included with club room - nice BMW 7 seriesWe booked a club room, and other than feeling that it's not worth the extra money, everything else was great. We felt that the airport transfer and breakfast made the club room more worth it, but we were terribly underwhelmed by the club lounge. Especially since the champagne and canapes were only offered for a short period of time when it was open (rather than the whole time in the evening), so we just couldn't get there. I think next time I would just book a regular room.So, all-in-all it's a beautiful hotel with excellent service.	
Mar 16 2008 	Third time there - still as good as ever	This was our third time at the Grosvenor and we did debate long and hard as to whether we should try another hotel in Dubai, but in the end we decided to go back. Glad we did - it was as good as ever.We choose the Club Room again which I would definitely recommend - afternoon tea in the afternoon and canapés and drinks in the evening. We booked through Expedia and were a bit confused as it said breakfast was not included in the Club Room rate - but it was, in either the Club Room or Sloanes Restaurant.The pool is even more shaded this year as another tower block has gone up but you can still get sun around or near the pool until around 4.30pm if you know where to go. We did end up going to the Meridien a few times if we wanted to sit out for longer. The shuttle bus has to now take a slightly longer route as the road layout has changed.Buddha Bar still worth a visit.They have started to dig the foundations for the second tower which I would imagine will be quite a disruption when it begins to go up so check on the progress before you book. They did start drilling early on the day we left (6am) which might have woken us up if we hadn't been leaving - despite being on the 32nd floor.Overall - still a great hotel but in a year's time...?	
Mar 9 2008 	great hotel once again	Our return trip to this hotel was just as good as last year. We were upgraded again to an apartment this time. Club lounge well worth the extra money. The hotel staff all friendly but not intrusive at all, and all willing to go the extra mile for the guests. The guest loyalty manager Cynthia at the sister hotel the royal Meridian deserves a special mention, she was so accomodating making us several reservations prior to our arrival, nothing is too much trouble. The staff make this hotel what it is, a great place to stay. Construction is there as before but we knew this before we went to Dubai and it does not spoil our holiday at all. Rhodes Mezzanine well woth the money for a special meal!!!!!!!!We will be back and it will always be the GHH for us!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 8 2008 	Will be back!	I spent 4 nights in the GH with my husband in February as a stopover, before travelling on to Australia. I can only confirm all the raving reviews below. Being a frequent traveller (and admittedly quite a fussy one!), I always put much emphasis on the accommodation (even if I 'only sleep there'). As far as I could tell from the feedback, the GH ticked all the boxes so my expectations were high. I can honestly say, it did not disappoint on any level. The service was excellent, I can not speak highly enough of the drivers, check-in staff, waiters, housekeepers etc. Everyone we spoke to was very helpful and friendly. The hotel has a light, airy feel with big open spaces, wide corridors, beautiful furniture (even in the public bathrooms!).The room itself is not overly large, however, has got everything you might need. Loved the little extras, like the extensive stationery, Bulgari toiletries, the daily canapes, fruit etc . (The evening chocolates are to die for!) All the amenities are very high quality. We had a spectacular view from our room on the 41st floor overlooking the Palm and the Burj Al Arab in the distance. Just what we came for! Although we had a Club room, with all the extras, we found that it's difficult to take advantage of all it has to offer when you are busy sightseeing etc. The breakfast on the 44th floor was nice, but much smaller selection than in the main buffet (which was outstanding!) and the tables are far too low to eat comfortably. It has a lounge/bar set up and really that is what it is. Very nice in the evening for pre-dinner drinks and hot and cold snacks, if you manage to make it on time. Only slightly disappointed with the rather small drink selection there, however, the atmosphere and service made up for it. I don't regret paying the premium, however, next time will probably go without as we simply didn't have the time to make the most of it.We tried both the Indian and Turkish restaurants in the hotel, both exeptional. Also visited the Buddha Bar, but found it way too crowded and smoky, impessive decor and good music though, so might be more suitable if you are out for a few drinks with a group of friends.The weather was very pleasant during our stay (2-6 Feb), but not quite hot enough to enjoy the facilities of the Meridien on the beach front. We were invited there to a cocktail party one evening, so had a quick look anyway. It is more a resort style hotel, suitable for families just wanting to relax.We have been planning to visit Dubai for a while and had the impression that a few days would be enough to take it all in. Well, in our opinion, 3 days could only give a taste of the ever-changing city. Won't even mention the cranes, yes they are very much part of the skyline, however, it is a well known fact, so don't say you are surprised! We were never disturbed by constraction noise while in the hotel, even though the nearest one was less than 100 yards away. I found it quite amusing to watch the workers up high...At the end of the day, they make Dubai what it is today, a fast developing wonder in the middle of the desert.I am already planning my next trip, really looking forward to seeing the progress.	
Feb 29 2008	An Outstanding Hotel in a Good Location	Located adjacent to the Marina, this member of the Le Meridien family is an excellent luxury hotel, firmly in place with the Park Hyatt, Shangri-La, Ritz Carlton, Fairmont and the rest. Currently the area is a construction zone – like the rest of Dubai – so there is a fair amount of noise. However, from my club-level room on the 35th floor, this only seemed noticeable during the day.The room I had was beautifully appointed, with a large amount of closet and storage space, workdesk (with free wired internet), wall-mounted LCD television and wrap-around balcony. The large bathroom included a tub and separate walk-in shower plus toilet and bidet. As with all the rooms in the hotel, views were to the west overlooking the Palm Jumeirah… though there is another tower under construction between this hotel and the water, so the view as it is currently will likely be quite different a year from now.The service throughout the hotel is impeccible. When I needed help from guest services for reservations and other information, it was provided promptly and accurately.I found the value provided with the club-level room to be worth the extra cost. The lounge on the 44th floor provided food (that was okay to pretty good) most of the day, though I found the wireless internet there to be intermittent for unknown reasons. I had a late night departure from the airport, so the club provided an excellent retreat for the several hours I needed to kill after my (requested and granted) 4 p.m. checkout. Of course, the free airport transfers are also a big part of the value in the club-level rooms.I had dinner in the Buddha Bar one night. Again, the service was outstanding and the food very good. I tried several of the sushi offerings and found the quality to be very good, but with little imagination in the preparation. Coming from southern California, where there are many outstanding sushi restaurants, I would not recommend Buddha Bar to others who have a high level of expectation in the areas of creativity and diversity with regard to the menu. Nonetheless, it was a satisfying dining experience.	
Feb 27 2008 	Slick hotel	We had a 3 day stopover en route from the Far East to the UK at this hotel. We booked a standard room, no frills. You really dont need more than this - you get all the luxuries - Bulgari treats in the bathroom (fill your luggage up!! - how cheap am I!?) Chocolates and fruit every day. Separate shower with power shower, gorgeous comfy bed. The hotel is fairly new so everything is to a very good standard. They were offering half board to entice travellers to stay in the centre of the worlds largest building site. The food was excellent! Yes, there is building work everywhere, and the view from the balcony was rubble, cranes, diggers, but its actually quite fascinating seeing just what is emerging in this city. You could see 'Atlantis' from our hotel. It was pretty much on the horizon, but its colossal. Everything is huge, everything has to be bigger and better than the last one built. Don't complain about it when you know its happening before you travel there - choices can be made - there is enough publicity to tell you what to expect, and you wont be disappointed!!The hotel pool, although beautiful, was a disappointment, as the sun is shaded after late morning, simply because of the high buildings. However, you can then take the shuttle bus accross the road to Le Royal Meridian, to use their pool facilities, which are 'on the beach' and extremely nice. So, you get the best of both worlds by staying here - the sleek modern new Grosvenor, and the lovely pool, gardens, beach area at LRM.Would stay here again, but next time there will not be a view from the room, as there was a second hotel tower being built right infront of the current one. Shame.	
Feb 22 2008 	Luxury	We stayed in this hotel whilst on our honeymoon. We stayed for 3 nights as a stop gap on the way back home.Well where do I start, and what do I say. This hotel is fantastic, sheer luxury. I havent stopped talking about this hotel since we came back.We were picked up at the airport by private transfer which we had arranged ourselves through our travel agents for al the destinations we went to, however I know that if you book this hotel they arrange to pick you up. We arrived in the early hours of the morning (5am). we had just been to Kuala Lumpar and were exhausted. The check-in was really quick and as it was our honeymoon we were upgraded to a suite. The suite was absolutely stunning, I couldnt stop taking pictures of it.The hotel is really modern and the staff could not have been any more helpful and were really happy to assist you. The restaurant staff were great. We were able to use the club lounge between the hours of pm-8pm where the drink was free and there were snacks. It is definately worth upgrading to use this facility. the only thing I'd say bad about it was that the service was quite slow. We had also stayed in the Shangrai-La in Kuala Lumpar and it was self-service with the drinks so it was really good.The hotel has a small pool which was great and it was quite quiet when we were there in August. There was pool service and you were provided with ice cold water, cold towels, fruit etc. We went over to the sister hotel Le Royal Meridian to use the pool there (a shuttle bus takes you over to it due to the construction works you cant walk over) it has a much bigger pool but I felt it was too busy with lots of kids there. As it was our honeymoon I prefered the quieter pool at the Grosvenor.I wouldnt go back to Dubai in august as it was far too hot. I like to sunbath but it was actually unbearable and you just wanted to go back into the air conditioned buildings. If we ever go back I'd definatley stay in this hotel.	
Feb 16 2008 	spotty internet service	a nice hotel overall with the mainstay buddha bar restuarant for those that want to be seen but otherwise another five star hotel.everything about it was nice but nothing to call a must see. the emirates towers, for example, has a more welcoming and airy lobby.the worst part was the internet service that was extremely spotty in the room and all across the hotel. i could barely load one page, email, site or otherwise without having to endure errors and heavy load times. this is completely unacceptable when one wants to take care of things quickly and get out to do things around town.also the electrical connections were badly placed in the rooms and a mishmash of plug types. the light switches were perplexing until someone told me that you have to hold the spring-loaded rocker switch.staff was very helpful and accommodating and the facilities were well kept.	
Feb 3 2008 	Simply the Best!	On our arrival, and due to a late flight, it appeared there was a problem with our booking. However this was quickly resolved and we ended up with a Club room, sharing our floor with only 2 other rooms. I would recommend paying the extra for a Club Room as it pays for itself quickly by use of the Lounge for breakfast and early evening drinks alone. Serivce was impecable throughout our stay. The location, as others state, is a construction site right now, but was not really aware of noise or other disruptions and the area will be fabulous once completed.Would definately consider GHH on my next visit to Dubai....	
Feb 2 2008	best once again	Second time at this hotel, and I must say it was fabulous once again. We were upgrade to a suite upon check in. Lounge access at this hotel is a must. The room is impeccable, and the service outstanding. This is one of the best 5 star hotels I have ever experienced in the world. Do try the Indian restaurant, Indego- the food is amazing.	
Jan 28 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	My Husband and I have just returned from a week at the Grosvenor House Hotel. We are well travelled and used to staying in nice hotels but this beat anywhere we have ever stayed. The staff at the hotel including concierge couldn't do enough for us they were helpful, courteous and always smiling 24/7. When we went down for breakfast in a morning they addressed us by name!We had a suite on the 21st floor which had fantastic views and also entitled us to free use of the Grosvenor Club Lounge on the 44th floor where we took afternoon tea and had free drinks including champagne and canapes every evening.We had a spa treatment in the Retreat Health Spa which was excellent and made good use of the other spa facilities; sauna, steam and jacuzzi - total relaxation.We ate in three of the hotels restaurants; Sloanes buffet restaurant which was excellent, Indego the Indian restaurant again excellent and Rhodes Mezzanine which was the nicest meal (and service) we have ever experienced.We had drinks in the Buddha Bar and also Bar 44 both had good atmosphere and drinks prices were I would say average - a cocktail and beer was roughly £10.We couldn't fault a thing about the hotel and have only wonderful things to say about it along with our fabulous memories.When we return to Dubai we will only stay at Grosvenor House.	
Jan 25 2008 	superb	Wrote review before, but lost it!!!! ha ha ..... wonderful, superb hotel, service second to none, facilities and staff first class. Lots of building in area, but able to use sister hotel including their swimming pools and beach area - would recommend both for service etc face wash flannels for cooling, water, iced cubes etc as norm. Food and drink at both hotels great......try the steak bar at sister hotel, paid approx 140 pounds for meal and drinks there, but never tasted beef like it, and oysters (first time for me) to die for. If you want to feel pampered, spoiled and all the other niceties you could wish for go to the Grosenor. Didnt quite know what to do with the butler, perhaps we werent quite posh enough.	
Jan 20 2008 	Expensive but fantastic	What a hotel!!! Fantastic. Rooms are awesome. We stayed in an apartment room. Hotel is super. Has the best lounge in town Buddha Bar in the hotel. Food was great. Pool is average but it is linked with Royal Meridien Beach Hotel and there is a free shuttle every 5 minutes. The hotel is located at Marina which is a good 25 minutes from the center of Dubai. But you dont need to go to center anymore. The food and entertainment options are fantastic and you can always go to the Mall of Emirates for shopping. Hotel is also not too far from Jumeirah and Madinat (which btw is a must if youre going to Dubai). I would never stay at any place else but Marina. Hotel is highly recommended.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good Hotel Lousy Location	Spent a week at the GH with my wife as a pre-Christmas sunshine break. It's a great time to go because it only gets up to about 30 degrees, however ladies should take a pash or a jacket cos it gets a little cool in the evening.On the whole I can't fault the hotel, it's a slick operation, nice decor, rooms comfortable but not very spacious for the money. Having done the research on Tripadvisor, I expected the shadows over the pool deck and a certain amount of building site noise. The shadows are solved by decamping to the Meridian via shuttle bus (very quick and virtually on-demand). The Meridian has a great pool and garden area with masses of loungers and pretty good bar service. Frankly, don't waste your time with the GH pool; the building site next door is relentless. We went every day to the Meridian, and it's much quieter there.Another tip; I paid and extra £400 for the week to upgrade to Club Ocean View. It was a 9th floor room with a balcony, but right up against the building site (an identical tower to the existing GH is going up, so that's the end of ocean views from the original building. The were pile-driving night and day so the balcony was unusable and it was noisy in the room even with all the drapes pulled. On the upside, its true that the Grosvenor Club on 44th floor free-pours champagne and serves masses of canapes. However, you need to be there by 6.15 (it opens at 6) otherwise you don't stand much chance of a seat once all the other freeloaders arrive! We did one night in there and then gave up trying!Taxis are cheap and plentiful, however Dubai is so spread out it can take ages to get somewhere if it's off Jumeirah Beach.On the shopping; we went to Mall of the Emirates (like Lakeside) and Bur Juman (hard to get to but very high standard). Trouble is, nothing worth buying appears to be any cheaper than UK. Designer labels seem to be fairly consistently priced world-wide and Dubai is no different. My wife reports there were some savings at Dune and Monsoon, those kind of stores if that is what you like.Given the choice, next time I would definitely stay at the Meridian rather than the GH (it was full when we booked), however on balance I think we'll give Dubai a miss until it's a bit nearer completion. In our opinion, the best bits of Thailand are better value and much more interesting. Recommend the Royal Wing in Pattaya for ultimate comfort and service.	
Jan 2 2008 	Very Overrated	Would not recommend Grosvenor House hotel,found the staff very stuck up and unhelpful,also guests have to take shuttle bus to go to beach to a sister hotel thru thick traffic/Hotel has no atmosphere.Lacking in customer service.There are other gorgeous hotels in Dubai ,I shall certainly not be staying at this hotel in future.	
Dec 28 2007 	GHH still a favourite	Stayed at this hotel on 3 occasions with family and once again recently alone on business. Very impressive service especially from reception staff and concierge . Whilst alot is said about the surrounding construction, a sister hotel is being built alongside I would still rate the location as superb especially once the building work is done. The hotel is luxurious, modern, warm and bedrooms although smaller than some of the other popular 5 star hotels I have stayed in Dubai, are excellently furnished and beds so comfortable and linen so fresh that you almost sink into it. The Sloanes restaurant on Mezzanine level offers a huge buffet breakfast with almost anything you can eat. On 2 occasions we had an all inclusive package and dinner at Sloanes was superb. On each occasion we had rooms of very high floors and views of the palm and Jumeirah beach expansive. Good location near popular Marina with its many resturants and apartments reaching for the sky. A bonus is complimentary usage of the Le Meridien Hotel beach and pool facilities across the road. The hotel spa is excellent and I include a spa treatment with each visit.The hotel is close enough to major malls and shopping areas of Madinat Jumeirah and just a short taxi ride away.However Shuttle services are available.The ladies cloakroom on the ground and mezzanine levels are a must to visit and seems more like a beauty parlour than a restroom.Food is excellent and I have had opportunity to eat at the famous Bhudda bar and Indego restuarants as well as enjoy the somewhat small clubroom on the uppermost floor. With all the new 5 star hotels opening in Dubai,this hotel is still a favourite	
Dec 24 2007 	Wow! What a hotel!	You've already read the reviews - they are all true. Let me give you these little extras which say it all. When you go to the pool the big, fluffy towels are spread out for you and you are immediately served with water, glasses full of ice, cool melon and plums.When you go out in a taxi, you are given a card showing other drivers how to bring you back - on the front the porter writes the number of the taxi you've just got into - in case you should leave anything in it. Now, as far as I'm concerned that's customer service well outside the box! And Dubia itself? Mad Max meets Paradise - if you haven't been - go! You'll never forget it.	
Dec 20 2007 	COOL best service.	Stayed at the GH for the second time in 2007 and both my wife and I have found that this hotel will be our first choice if/when we go back to Dubai. Even though it seems the hotel is in the middle of a construction area, which it actually is right now, we still are so found of this hotel and its location that it would only be if we could afford the Burj Al Arab that we would choose some other hotel. Service is perfect at all times, excellent food, great rooms, second time we were upgraded to a suite on the 34th floor with seaview, spa is wonderful, fitnessroom likewise. If there should be something to complain about it is the terrace. Not the best place to sunbath, but then you have the complimentary shuttle that takes you to the Royal Meridien next door were they have a desent beach. All staff will do anything to fullfill your needs at any time of the day. If I should recommend I would go for the &quot;Club level&quot; when making a reservation. It gives acces to private lounge with a lot of ammenities, free airport transfer and breakfast included, whereever you choose to have it! One other great thing is the Buddha Bar which is located on the ground floor next to the Dubai Marina. Cool place and good food.	
Dec 9 2007 	Wow. Impressive hotel	I got a couple of nights at this hotel as a freebie from Emirates due to a stopover.All I can say is Wow. It is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. 5 star without a doubt. It is brand new. Being Dubai, there is a lot of construction work going on around, but you cant hear it due to the good sound insulation.The pool at the Grosvenor is very small, but there is a much bigger pool over the road at the sister property (Royal Meridian) which guests are allowed to use.The breakfast service was excellent, and a wide variety of food was provided. I particularly enjoyed the salver of cakes provided in the room.The hotel was meticulously clean, and I found the concierge to be exceptionally helpful.There is a bar at the very top of the hotel, do go there, as the view is spectacular.The gym is top notch and has all the latest, high end fitness equipment.I'd stay here again, but its quite expensive, and if it was my money I'd stay somewhere cheaper. If you have the money, go for it, you are in for a treat.	
Dec 4 2007 	Fabulous hotel - shame about the construction in Dubai	Excellent hotel and would definately recommend for couples / friends without children. Best of both worlds with the excellent service demanded of a 5 star business hotel, linked to its sister resort which provides the beach element. The restaurants in the Grosvenor House were superb - especially recommend the buffet - seafood out of this world.Note: building work going on in Dubai 24 hrs a day and can disrupt sleep - also, cannot walk anywhere due to construction. This will continue for 2-3 years! If you do choose to visit Dubai during this time (which I would not) I would certainly recommend the Grosvenor House hotel	
Dec 3 2007 	Loved it! Loved it!! Loved it!!!	We went to Dubai to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary and being a perfectionist I did all my research to ensure I got nothing but the best. GHH exceeded all my expectations from airport collection to swift and welcoming check-in and every moment afterwards until we left. Do not even hesitate about club level - it is a no-brainer! Everyone else has said about the free-flowing champagne in the evening, but the afternoon tea in the club lounge is also a real pleasure and although selection was much more limited than the expansive breakfast buffet in Sloanes, we still preferred to breakfast in the club lounge. Only once did I ever encounter a hotel of this service standard and that was the Oriental Hotel in Bangkok – a hotel that had been voted best in the world many many times over. The building site all around did not impinge on our holiday at all and I would return to this hotel in a blink, regardless of what lies around it. BTW Ottoman's restaurant was a very pleasant surprise - try it.	
Dec 1 2007	Construction Site	Everything written previously about service and facilities is dead-on right. A beautiful hotel......in the middle of a massive construction site. You need a taxi to take you 200 meters to the sister hotel because the street level is inaccesible in the Dubai Marina City area. Forget walking about the neighborhhood - impossible. And construction on all sides of the hotel can be a noise issue - it goes on 24 by 7. I love the hotel itself, but the neighborhood is the seventh circle of .... I'm afraid I won't come back.	
Nov 17 2007 	Lovely hotel marred by 3 hour check in	We were in Dubai for a weekend. Because of two different arrival times (1.30am for me, 5.30am for my partner) we spent the first night in the Le Meridien Dubai, with the next two nights in Grosvenor House.The experience started well with a prompt pick up from Le Meridien at 11am. We got to Grosvenor House a little before 12. The Reception staff told us that our room was not ready, but took us up to Leaves to have a drink while we waited. Foolishly, we took this to mean it would be a short wait. The staff at Leaves were very nice, giving us a complimentary tea, and then a free lunch when we were still waiting. But they were unable to get any information from reception. Several phone calls gleaned such useful info as &quot;there are quite a few people checking out right now, but they don't know when your room will be ready&quot; (this at 1.30pm). Finally just before 3pm, still being told in Leaves that our room was not ready, we went to reception. We did then get into a room (not the one originally assigned). But the day was pretty much wasted by then. If only they had said when we first checked in that our room was not ready, and that it would be a long time, but we could go over to the beach while we were waiting, I would have given them top marks. Or even if they'd said we could check in at 3pm, we'd have gone shopping. Anything but being kept waiting after our very long journeys.As other reviews mentioned, the area is a building site, but that didn't bother us - the shuttle bus to the beach was fine. The beach, pool, and pool bar at the Royal Meridien were great. The room was also lovely - very comfy bed, fabulous TV and entertainment system, we had a fantastic view (although out on the balcony, the construction noise was a bit intrusive, the room itself was quiet), and the bathroom was great. But 3 hours being kept waiting and fobbed off out of a 48 hour trip is too high a price to pay.We had a club room, so access to the lounge. Evening drinks and afternoon tea were very good. Breakfast had interesting variety but the food heaters didn't work very well - it was cold even when we ate at 6.30 on the day we left. We tried to get into Indego one evening, but it was full, so we had room service both nights, which was excellent.November in Dubai is obviously high season - rooms at our usual hotels were hard to find, which is why we 'treated' ourselves to GH, and we each had to wait over an hour in line at immigration. The weather was lovely - much more comfortable than previous visits in hotter months - but I think we'll stick to low season for short breaks.	
Nov 15 2007	Classy!	Stayed here in March 07 for 4 nights and it lived up to my expectations and more. Originally booked two adjacent rooms but on arrival they could not accomodate my request so upgraded the booking at no extra cost to a two bed appartment - truely stunning! Great view of the marina which will be fantastic - once its finished! The restaurants in the hotel are truely superb, if you fancy soemthnig different then the internationally renown Buddah Bar is located in the lowest level of the hotel and definately lives up to its name.Pricy, but you know you're worth it!	
Nov 15 2007 	Can't wait to go back!	This hotel is amazing, far superior to any 5 star I have stayed in. We spent our honeymoon here and were given a complimentay upgrade to a suite from a club room. All the restaurants in this and the sister hotel (Le Royal Meridien) are superb. Your every need is seen to and luxury exudes all around you. From the Bvlgari toiletries to the flat screen tv's and fantastic reception areas and bars, I cannot fault it.I would recommend upgrading to the club rooms where you recieve complimentary tranfers from ther airport (in a chauffeur driven car), breakfast which is available until 11am and canapes and drinks in the Grosvenor Lounge between 6 and 8pm. We drank champagne every night at no extra cost. The staff cannot do enough for you. Due to the building work around the hotel the swimming pool was a bit noisy so we also used the lovely pools and beach at the Meridien which is only about 100 metres away. A shuttle bus was always available within minutes to take you to and from there, also there are shuttle buses to and from the shopping malls, all free of charge.You will not regret staying at this hotel.	
Nov 9 2007	Great Hotel Amazing Service only minor negative is construction nearby	Hi All,Stayed here for four nights of my honeymoon in January of this year after seeing reviews on the forum. Very happy I did. From our arrivalwe were greeted warmly by the staff and given a complimentary upgrate to a suite (with 2 large plasmas and a kitchenette and a lovely panormic window view). I had booked a club room so had access to the club lounge on the top floor- great views of he sea and Palm Island and complimentary tea and snacks throughtout the day. I don't rememberthe concierge's name but a lovely Italian chap who was always checkingup on us to see if we needed anything. Buddha Bar is a great place with many affluent travellers dropping by and its just downstairs. The pool was relaxing if only slightly marred by the construction on a development very close but I didnt really mind. After all, it is because of such growth that hotels like the Carlon and the like are possible.We had access to the nearby Sister hotel Le Meridien so were close the private beach. Room service was top notch and we were given complimentary sparkling date juice and a cake on the evening of our arrival. If you dont mind being far from the hussle bussle of Deira/Bur Dubai this is a great place to stay for couples and business travellers. The second part of our trip was in Malaysia (KL and Langkawi) and I could not help but compare the quality to the GC. A very relaxing pleasant stay	
Oct 30 2007 	Great hotel.....noise is only going to get worse	last visited Dubai 10 years ago...unbelievable difference.Used the forum to get some ideas and then did my own research which worked well.The hotel is located at the end of Jumeriah beach where the bulk of development seems to be taking place.Everything is top class,from the efficient valet parking to the check in process with complimentary cocktail.The second Grosvenor hotel is being started at the moment which is going to cause pretty major disruption for the next year...beware of the lower floors which will definitely sound like a building site.We were on the 20th floor which is only affected if you open the window!-rooms are really spacious and well appointed and have lots of little extras you would expect from a top class hotel.Particularly liked the Indian restaurant which had exceptional food and service-0pen until 1am which seemed to be rare for Dubai.Breakfast buffet was also excellent.Had room service a couple of times which was also fantastic and not too expensive.One thing that really sticks in my mind is the Asian front of house manager who remembered my name each time I returned to the hotel-they had hundreds of people passing through each day.....how does he do that?In summation,a great hotel....my only reservation for the next 12 months would be the on-going building work in close proximity	
Oct 24 2007 	Amazing hotel can I go back again?	We have just returned from our honeymoon, and we are already thinking about when we can go back. This hotel is just out of this world! The service was exceptional and faultless and started from the minute we arrived. After an overnight flight we arrived at approx 9am fully expecting that our room would not be ready and dreading the wait, however we were checked in immediately and shown to our club room. The room was immaculate and spacious with all the mod cons and again impressive service. We paid extra for the club room and it was well worth the money. We spent early evenings drinking champagne (I dont think we managed to empty the glass before it was topped up again) and eating canapes. Although we had been upgraded to a half board option (this included dinner at Sloanes or 200 d off at Ottomans or Indigo) we didnt have to worry about food at all. The breakfast and afternoon tea, as well as canapes were enough to keep anyone going!The pool area was spotlessly clean, water and fruit were delivered before you even settled onto the comfy sun lounger. Yes the sun does disappear around lunchtime but the attendants were happily moving sun beds to the other side of the terrace or you could go the sister hotel LRM (again this hotel offers a similar level of service). As for the building work which is in full flow at the Marina, it was non intrusive and could easliy be ignored. However my only disappointment is that potentially the great views at the front of the hotel, over the Palms and the beach, maybe affected by the building of another Grosvenor hotel. This is in its very early stages but will be placed right in front of the exhisting building.Aside from the hotel and the special little touches staff made to make our stay even more special, Dubai is an amazing place and changing by the day. Something that you have to go back to and see how the city has changed in the future.	
Oct 18 2007 	Blown away by the service  shame about the construction work	From the moment we were met at the Airport by a butler who escorted us and our luggage to our awaiting BMW limo ,we knew that this break would be something special.We arrived at the hotel and must have been helped or welcomed by 10 people by the time we had made it to our room . Or room was a club floor room on 39th floor .It was very nicely decoarted in a contemporary style ,if a little on the small side and didn't have a balcony . That said it was very nice and there were nice welcoming touches like wine and chocolates and each day we were given treats and fruit . There was also a nightly turndown service with chocolates and a rose on the pillow .As we had paid for club floor ,we had access to the lounge on the 44th floor . We found this excellent value for money ,with daily afternoon tea and 2 hours of cocktails and canapes . The staff in the lounge were excellent and the drinks flowed freely .As previously mentioned the construction in the area was immense and constant but I cannot mark the hotel down because of this as it was hardly apparent once inside and the hotel was exceptional in every other sense.	
Oct 16 2007	top notch again...........	2nd visit to GHH and once again it delivers some of the most stunning interior design and fantastic service I have ever had the privilige to experience.We opt for the GHH as opposed to LRM despite using LRM pools and beach each day as it gives more modern rooms and suites as its a newer hotel.We were fortunate enough to get an upgraded room which included the Lounge on 44, this is great start to any evening...free quality drinks and nibbles.We stayed on the free HB basis with dinner in Sloanes, the buffet with freshly cooked options, king prawns, lobster, chicken tikka &amp; naan breads, steaks, freshly carved duck etc etc........i would return in a flash, its one of my favourite hotels....yes there is building work going on around it but thats Dubai...but it does not intefere with your holiday.	
Oct 15 2007	Fab hotel BUT.......	My husband and I have just returned from 3 fantastic days at the Grosvenor. It really is pure luxury with staff who cannot do enough to please. But the pool area which is on the 4th floor is surrounded by loud, dusty, building work and impossible to use. Our view was also of the upcoming new Grosvenor hotel but building work went on 24 hours of the day!! No mention was ever made of ot during booking and no apologies made just resignation that Dubai is a city under construction and will be finished by 2010! Think would have been better so stay at Le Meridan which is its sister hotel 5 minutes away. Dubai a definate must but leave the kids at home.	
Oct 15 2007 	Everything You Would Expect 	I stayed for 4 nights and loved it. Bar 44, 1827 (Men Only health &amp; beauty. Press a small black button and the wall moves to open up the spaceage treatment room). Staff were great, room was made up to a touch. Budha bar was next door. Hotel is beautiful and once you can't hear the building work when you are in your room so don't panic. All in all. I will be back with the wife and kid.	
Oct 12 2007 	Couldn't have asked for more	Yes there's a lot of building in Dubai - if you want to avoid this then don't go. The heart of the construction is at the Marina, where the Grosvenor House (GH) is situated. Not once did this adversely affect the quality of my experience.From moment of arrival to leaving for the airport the GH was absolutely first class. The public areas and restaurants are opulant let discreet, the staff cannot do enough for you and are friendly and genuine. The room was lovely, nicely and tastefully furnished. Huge bed, huge bathroom and all the little touches that you want from 5-star, including the best turndown service have ever come across.There is a shuttle bus to the Le Royal Meridien across the road for pools, beaches and more bars and restaurants, and shuttles to several of the shopping malls. Taxi to Burj al Arab 30 dirhams, mall of emirates 25 dirhams.If you are going to Dubai, book the GH, you'll love it!!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Perfect save for location and the construction work	We spent 2 nights at the hotel in late September 2007. Our room rate included breakfast, lounge access and return airport transfer. Although the hotel forgot to pick us up from the airport (which we were quite annoyed about esp. since they &quot;blamed&quot; us for not providing the flight details which we did - we actually showed the staff the e-mail correspondence to prove that they were wrong), the rest of their service more than compensate the initial let-down, especially the car transfer to the airport. We didn't expect to be seated in a BMW 7 series!We were upgraded to a suite which consisted of a kitchenette, a dining area, a sitting area with LCD TV and BOSE sound system, a very comfortable bed and daily fruits and chocolates. The breakfast was that expected of a 5 star hotel, and we were impressed by the availability of real &quot;off the comb&quot; honey. However, the hotel is located in the &quot;new Dubai&quot; which is quite far away from shopping and downtown. Although taxi fare was cheap, we spent a fair amount of money on taxi commuting to different places. Also, the surrounding construction work spoils the sea view that we would otherwise enjoy. Although you can't hear the noise, you won't be able to lounge at the pool area or sit outside as there's construction left, right and centre.Another thing which could have been better is the staff's knowledge of restaurants within Dubai. We wanted to book a table at Gordon Ramsay's Verre but nobody seemed to know what we were talking about until a senior member of staff came to help.Compared to the Burj (we spent 2 nights there in December 2004), I'd still say the service is better at the Grosvenor House but again, the suites at the Burj enjoy a panoramic view and it's more centrally located.So all in all, if you don't mind the hotel being located in the &quot;new Dubai&quot; where there's construction work almost everywhere, I'd definitely recommend the Grosvenor House.	
Oct 5 2007 	Absolutely Superb !!!	&quot;Everything was just perfect.. The food, the service, location.. Everything.. I'll be back !	
Oct 2 2007 	Perfection!!	Have stayed here on several occasions. Have always had a beautiful suite. The service is 7 star all the restaurnts are too. Service is paramount in this hotel. Will not bother to go anywhere else unless we stay at their other hotel The Royal Meridien. Equally as good.	
Oct 2 2007	Great Expectations Lead To Disappointment	I've stayed at a number of high end hotels in Dubai; Crown Plaza, Hyatt Regency, Hilton, Sheraton Creek, Radison, Habtoor Grand, Fairmont, etc...On my next trip to Dubai I would prefer any of the above to Grosvenor house. It wasn't particularly terrible, just that things weren't quite up to par. The hotel staff seemed very kind and well meaning, but lacking in capability.These may seem like small nitpicks but they really are inconveniences that just wouldn't happen at other hotels. One or two is understandable but once a pattern developes it's clear that Grosvenor has some service shortcomings.Specifically:(1) At any other hotel I can make a quick remark to ANY staff member on my way out that I would like my room cleaned. At Grosvenor this resulted in the &quot;Guest Services&quot; desk telling me no, I would need to talk to the reception instead and then when I did return to my room 6 hours later it was still uncleaned.(2) At the business center I had a document scanned and saved to memory stick. One of the pages was scanned twice and the other not at all. I returned to get the error fixed and was once again given an incomplete scan. Only on the third time, when I went to physically watched as they scanned, did they get it right. Also they were unable to incorporate the scans in to a PDF or word document and I was instead left with 15 separate and large picture files.(3) Laundry pressing. Was told that pressing dropped picked up during the evening would not be ready till the next evening. Most hotels offer next morning service. I did have them pick up two piles of clothes, one for next morning and one for next evening. The clothes returned for morning were a mix of the two piles. ie. The clothes I needed were not ready(4) Internet access was sometimes slow to the point of being unusable, having to attempt 5 times to open an e-mail. 500ms latency and 17% packet loss to the US for you computer types.(5) I woke one morning to find my computer had shut down during the night. Seems some of the wall power sockets had stopped working while I slept. A call to the front desk saying &quot;the socket where I plug my computer in has no power&quot; but only got the response &quot;internet no work?&quot; Eventually this did get fixed but it was fairly representative of staff english comprehension. I once called to ask for my room service plates, etc... to be taken away and got the response &quot;you want room service?&quot;(6) Disturbances. It seems like there was a knock on the door every few minutes for something. Even with the no-cleaning sign on, someone still knocked to ask when I want cleaning and I told them &quot;I'll call when I need it&quot;, then one hour later someone called on the phone to ask the same question (and got the same answer), and after thirty minutes, another phone call with the question again. Stop pestering!I could go on but I'm sure you can see the trend.Also there was heavy contruction going on right outside my balconey and the room itself was pretty unremarkable and somewhat small. If you want to stay in this area, choose the Habtoor Grand. Otherwise go for Sheraton or Hilton Creek in the beautiful downtown area.If you want an effortless, perfect stay, choose somewhere else.	
Sep 25 2007 	Beautiful Hotel but marred by construction	We have literally just returned from the Grosvenor House, and like many of the other reviews found the service and rooms to be faultless. Not surprisingly (just like other reviews) we were up-graded to a Suite on the 18th Floor. The Suite consisted of a Cloakroom, Kitchen, Dinning Area (large plasma screen + Bose sound system), Lounge, Bedroom (massive bed + plasma screen) and large bathroom. Fresh fruit and canape's were delivered each day, and then chocolates and a rose were included as part of the turn-down service.Breakfast was included in our package, and we can honestly say it's probably the best spread we've ever seen!A 24 Hour Butler ensured total perfection from a Service point of view; indeed every member of staff went out of their way to make sure we were 100% happy with our stay. On a slightly negative point, we paid an additional sum for lounge access, but found this didn't give true value for money, as it is too small for the number of hotel guests - we were turned away on 2 evenings due to lack of seating. Bar 44 and the Buddha Bar are certainly worth a visit. However, we found Indigra Indian Restaurant a real disappointment and hugely expensive.The main reason for not giving the Grosvenor House 5/5 is due to the small pool which is surrounded by sky-scrapers and on-going construction work (you can't hear the noise inside, but it's very loud outside!). Yes, there is a shuttle service which takes you over to Le Royal Meridien, but again, construction work mars the beach as 'Tonka Trucks' and Dredgers are constantly moving backwards and forwards delivering boulders to a man-made Marina being built very close by. We were in Dubai 2 years ago, and expected building work, but admit to being absolutely taken aback by the scale of work going on around the Grosvenor House or 'New Dubai' as it's now being called. If you enjoy lazing around a pool or on the beach then we certainly can't recommend the Grosvenor House for the time being - you'll be very disappointed!Our recommendations for shopping are: Madinat Souq, IBN Batatta Mall and Karama Souq (fake handbags and watches).Recommendations for restaurants: Zheng He's (Mina A'Salam), Bice (Hilton Jemeirah), Toscano (Madinat Souq) and Le Splendido (Ritz Carlton). For a cheaper meal without alcohol we enjoyed the Royal Orchid (Thai/Chinese) on Marina Walk.	
Sep 21 2007 	Greatest Modern Hotel in Dubai	Our first trip in Dubai led us to stay in this Starwood property Grosvenor House thanks to great advice we had from Trailfinders. We stayed there 4 nights from Sunday the 9th until 13th September. The check-in was very quick and one of the receptionist came with us to show us our room. In fact it wasn't a room. We were upgraded to have an apartment on the 8th floor instead. We were so lucky. The hotel is split between hotel rooms and apartments. Elevators lead to rooms, others to apartments only. Both products have a separate reception and concierge as well. The apartment we had was very functional with a fully equipped kitchen with complementary tea and coffee. A living - dining room with the latest technology available on a plasma screen (video on demand, music on demand, international channels, Internet, ...). We have a huge bathroom with a separate shower with toilets. Another toilet room was near the living room as well. Our bedroom was also equipped with this plasma screen with same technology. Both bedroom and living room were giving you a view of the street side with all the building in construction and the one finished. Windows must have been soundproofed as we were never disturbed by the noise. We were very delighted by the comfort of the king size bed. Matrice, duvet and pillows were so comfy that we need to ask the hotel where they found those to equip our house in London. Every day we had complimentary fruits and petits fours + water bottles. In the bathroom, all amenities were provided by Molton Brown. I have heard that in the hotel, amenities are from Bulgari with their superb fragrance Thé Blanc. The hotel has plenty of restaurants to choose from. We tried the best buffet I ever come across at Sloanes where you eat oysters, sushis, lobster on the grill, ribeye steak and so many dishes. The dessert buffet is also very impressive with a chocolate fondue. Breakfast is also served at Sloanes and is very good and full of choices. On the last night, we tried the Indian restaurant Indego which is probably one the best Indian restaurant I have ever eaten. Don't expect the usual Korma or Madras but more original and innovative dishes from a clever and talented chef. There is so much to say about this hotel. One more thing, the hotel is not on the beachfront. But you can take a bus provided by the hotel who will take you to the sister hotel Le Méridien Beach &amp; Resort and then take the facility of the hotel (it's just a 3 mins drive). At the hotel, they will provide you a towel and you have full access to both swimming pools and the beach.Finally, the hotel has also outside the Budha Bar recreated which quite impressive and very busy at night.If you are looking for a modern hotel with comfortable rooms in Dubai, Grosvenor House is for you whether you are Leisure or Business.	
Sep 14 2007 	Brilliant	This is a fantastic hotel, the staff were brilliant, the food is excellent, there are a lot of restaurants within the hotel so the choice is vast, and all very good quality.The rooms were amazing, ours had 2 bathrooms!! with a seperate lounge and a kitchen area. The beds were very comfortable the whole stay was absolutely brilliant and we'd definitely go back.	
Sep 12 2007 	Perfect	Fantastic ! From check-in till check-out.The room was great (view on the Palm), the food was excellent and the hotel services more than perfect.Will come back for sure !	
Sep 10 2007 	Brilliant hotel	I have stayed in many 5 star hotels around the world and can honestly say that this one is a genuine 5 star hotel. Good for business travellers as well as a holiday if you like a chilled out time. Service is excellent, all staff new your name. Spa and pool was excellent with attentive service. Good selection of restaurants and excellent bars. Rooms spacious and well equiped.	
Sep 8 2007 	Nice but flawed.	Have just returned from the Grosvenor where we stayed for 6 nights. I booked the hotel based on previous reviews and although cant knock the quality of the hotel cant help feeling a little disappointed at some of the major flaws the location had.Hotel facilities are what you would expect from a 5 star location. It is definitely designed for business travellers, I find sometimes this means an even better service than normal - staff could not do enough for you.The rooms were lovely, with great little extras (fresh rose delivered every night, lovely little canapes left in room etc). The bed was so comfortable, we wanted to bring it home!There were great restaraunts in the Hotel. We ate at Indigo which was top class, Ottomans, which was ok. Unfortunately Mezzanine was closed for refurb which we would have loved to have tried (saw Gary Rhodes who is opening Mezzanine when we left). Didnt like the constant push on the overpriced wine where there is obviously a big mark up.The Budda bar is great - a real hot spot and Bar 44 is excellent also - really pricey though - make sure you check the menu for prices. We had about 4 drinks each and the bill was £145!No matter how nice the hotel is, you cannot disguise the fact you are in the middle of a building site. Granted, when inside you cannot hear it but tried to sit on the balcony one afternoon to read (there is no view only a building site outside) and had to put my ipod on at full blast so couldnt hear the noise, which goes on all night.The pool area is very poor. As previous reviewers have mentioned, there are gawping builders from the local sites who have full view of the pool. It has been designed poorly so the sun is lost by mid afternoon. There is a shuttle over to the Meridian if you want to laze in the sun - they have full access to the beach and many pools where you are more private and cant hear the diggers! The Meridien has a fantastic Seafood restaraunt where we ate one night - you just pick your fresh fish and it is cooked to your liking - the Lobster was fantastic. After chatting to a someone staying in this hotel, I think the Grosvenor has better rooms but this hotel had better beach/pool facilities.Although the staff were great, we found the room interruptions a little intrusive at times. As we were getting ready for dinner (early evening) staff wanted to turn the beds etc. We had to turn them away on many occasions. This was not a major issue however, I have stayed in many hotels who establish you patterns of leaving the room (which were mostly the same every day) and try not to interrupt you. Despite my negative comments, we did enjoy our break and would return but believe there are many resorts that have everything the Grosvenor and The Meridien have combined.	
Sep 4 2007 	top class hotel	We visited Dubai with my wife last February, on our way to Mauritius for our honeymoon. We didnt plan to spend anytime at the beach, since we were on our way to 2 weeks to the Residence in Mauritius, so we didnt mind that the hotel was not on the beach. The Grosvenor House is a 5 star hotel by all means. The staff at the reception upgraded us to a suite and there was a cake and a bottle of wine waiting for us in our living room. The suite was spacious, nicely decorated, with a 42'' plasma TV in the living room and another one in the bedroom. The view to the marina from the floor to ceiling windows was beautiful. Don't miss the Bar 44 on the top floor, the views are spectacular.Also the michelen star awarded Indian chef at Indigo restaurant at the lobby, best Indian food I ever hadAlthough we tend to avoid buffets, we tried it once at the Grosvenor and were not dissapointed. We'll definetely stay at the Grosvenor next time we visit DubaiHowever, if what you;re looking for is a quite holiday by the beach, you would be better off trying a beach hotel	
Aug 27 2007	Not Recommended	The Grosvenor is much more suited to the business traveller so someone looking for a relaxing and peaceful holiday should choose elsewhere. The staff were generally good and food was excellent but having stayed at 6 other hotels in Dubai this is to be expected. There's many problems in our opinion though with this hotel. Our first problem encountered was trying to get ice delivered to your room, on one occasion we waited for 20 mins whereas many hotels we've stayed at in Dubai the staff seem to know your habits and have ice ready upon your return to the room. Another surprise was none of the hotel bars served draught beer which is unheard of at 5 star hotels in Dubai. A nice cold beer at the pool?? Forget it at the Grosvenor, you'll be lucky to get much better than a slightly cold bottle. Make sure you get down to breakfast early as you may face a long delay, as previously stated, the hotel caters for many business conferences etc so much of the dining space is often taken by business types rather than hotel guests. The hotel has internet access in the business centre which is free to use but don't get excited as it was virtually useless with speeds worse than dial up. Perhaps the worst thing about this hotel was the pool. Some bright architect decided to place the pool on the 4th of a 44 floor hotel which meant sunbathing was finished at around 1pm and than it was a battle for a beds on just one side as the sun passed over the hotel. Considering this hotel is not near the beach then i find this incredible. The other option is to climb into the free shuttle bus to the sister hotel le royal meridien about 5 mins away. Perhaps the worst feature of this hotel is the surrounding building work and noise which, expected anywhere in Dubai is by far and away worse than ever at this hotel. Day and night the noise was unrelenting with cranes literally swinging over you at the pool! I'm surprised this hotel and the Meridien are so high up on tripadvisor and i suspect alot of the reviews are by first time visitors to Dubai rather than seasoned visitors.	
Aug 23 2007	Great Service: Would have picked my nose if I asked!!	This place is great. After traveling for 20 hours, it was a great place to rest. Buddha Bar is one of the best places to go out and located in the hotel. The rooms are comfortable, the location is great... next to the beach. I highly recommend it, the best nicest hotel I've stayed in for that price. Their was some mix up in our transportation to the airport and the door man decided to pay for our cab.	
Aug 22 2007 	It's all true this place is fantastic	We have just spent 4 nights at GHH,celebrating my husbands 40th birthday.. and It was wonderful,words cannot discribe this fantastic hotel,the service is wonderful and you really do feel like royality,I didn't want to come home....from the moment we arrived nothing was to much trouble,the wonderful staff pampered us beyond belief,the butler even decorated our room with balloons and banners for my husbands birthday... please don't hesitate to book this hotel..I can't understand why it's not rated no 1 on tripadvisor???? it is at least 7 stars all the way....We can't thank you enough GHH.	
Aug 17 2007 	Wow what an amazing hotel. Why can't all 5 star hotels be like this?	I can't stress enough what a truly amazing hotel the Grosvenor House really is. We read most of the reviews on this website before we went and yes, they are all very true! I have been to many 5 star hotels all over the world but I can honestly say that none of them even get close to the very high standards of the GHH.From the second you arrive at the front doors of the hotel, you are treated sooo well, you actually start to feel like your royalty!! The hotel is built to a very, very high standard and the staff are trained to a very very high standard aswell and it all definatly shows.We stayed in a deluxe room which is really a standard room at the GHH. Don't let this put you off as it is pure luxury all the way. I would very highly reccomend this hotel to everyone. It was pure luxury and completly faultless from start to finish and to be honest, its not often you can say that about a hotel.Its definatly got the Dubai 'Wow' factor about it, but I think most of all its the truly brilliant staff and the overall feeling you get while your staying there of 'luxury hotel perfection' that makes it what it is.Thank you Grosvenor House Dubai, we will definatly be back for more.Philip &amp; Donna, Manchester. Uk.	
Aug 16 2007 	Best holiday ever!	Grosvenor House is an amazing hotel with the best service I have ever experienced. The hotel was beautiful and from the very start of our stay there we were treated as royalty. On arrival, following an overnight flight from the UK, we were greeted by porters who immediately took our cases and led us to reception where we were presented with cool face cloths and a drink to refresh us. We were checked in very quickly and led to our room, where a member of staff let us in and showed us how to work the air conditioning, TV etc. and ensured we were comfortable and happy. The room was beautifully done, with a lovely bathroom and comfortable large double bed. There were complimentary canapes and water on a daily basis and staff were discrete and both helpful and friendly at all times. The staff at the beach were also wonderful, providing guests with towels, iced face cloths and flavoured ice shots. This made going to the beach an even more pleasurable experience. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and as has been observed before the only downside was having to leave and come home again! I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 21 2007 	Just absolutely Fabulous!! More like 6 star!	Well what can I say that hasn't been said before?! A truly magnificent hotel - I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.I took my partner here for his 40th birthday, as a surprise. He has stayed in some wonderful hotels in his time and the GHH cerainly lived up to its reputation as being a world-class hotel. He said that it was the best he had ever stayed in!We were given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe suite on the 38th floor, which had the most breathtaking views of The Palm, and the Marina, as we were on a corner room looking out from two sides of the hotel. I paid a little extra per room when booking, for a Club Room which entitled us to free drinks and canapes between 6 and 8pm. Which was SO worth it! Well, I think we drank more champagne than water whilst out there as it was free in the Club lounge between these times. (We even bought a bottle of Moet on the way home in Duty Free at Paris as we thought we'd have withdrawl symptoms once home. LOL!) We had our breakfast in the Club Lounge on the 44th floor too, which had the most extensive array of breakfast food you can imagine. We also ate in Sloane's which was superb, and had the best tasting curry EVER in Indego restaurant. For my partner's birthday we ate at the sister hotel LRM, in Prime Rib, where the food was just amazing! They even brought him a birthday cake and sang 'Happy Birthday' to him which was a lovely touch. He was also treated to a complimentary bottle of champagne and a 2nd birthday cake in our room also. We were treated like royalty in all respects.I will not bore you by going on about all the little extras that you get in this fantastic hotel, or moan about the construction around you, as it all been said before in previous reviews....but what i will say is that if you ever get chance to go to Dubai, then stay at this hotel, as you will be treated to sheer luxury, and impeccable service which is second to none....I cannot wait to go back to Dubai for another visit as there was so much more to do and see, hopefully it will be sooner rather than later....and I will be most definitely staying at the magnificent Grosvenor House Hotel! A big thankyou to Gerald and his team, for making our stay the most memorable and enjoyable holiday we've ever had!	
Jul 18 2007 	unadulterated luxury!	If you love great service, hospitality, luxurious rooms and fabulous food, go to the Grosvenor.This place just got it spot-on time and time again regarding every aspect of our stay.If you can afford the Club Lounge, go for it. Breakfast looking out over The Palm and the Burj Al -Arab is fab. Not to mention the absolutely mouthwatering selection of international cuisine on offer - don't forget to taste the fruit sushi! in the club lounge you have refreshments throughout the day and before going for dinner you can start with an aperitive or 10! If you like champagne this is the place to be!We booked with Trailfinders and had a free half-board option in Sloane's. Another great place to eat. Beautifully presented and freshly prepared delights from around the globe. For this reason we didn't try any of the other restaurants but Buddha Bar gets rave reviews and one piece of advice is to book well in advance......the Ferraris are cued up outside trying to get in on a Friday.As for the room, well you have to see it to believe it!We were upgraded to a suite. The bed was the most comfortable i have ever slept in and the pillows were just the best. Everything is controlled from an electronic panel near the bed so you can turn off lights, adjust the air con and even put the do not disturb sign on just before falling into a deep sleep! We had a separate living and sleeping area, dining area, mini-kitchen, loo and bathroom.There is a plasma TV in the bedroom and another in the living room.Throughout the day the room was replenished with fresh fruits, and cakes or savouries were brought in at about 5pm. Before bedtime, the room was checked again by the housecleaning staff and a rose and chocolate were left on the pillow with info about the next day's activities. In the living area, we had a massive window overlooking Le Meridien and the sea. The pool area is great but a little noisy. The Grosvenor is in the middle of a 24-hour building site but everyone knows that and it doesn't ruin your stay. At the pool, you have very comfy sun loungers and a tray full of water and fruit kebabs to keep you cool.We also went down to the beach courtesy of the free bus which links the Grosvenor with Le Meridien. Another nice hotel but we didn't stay to see much of it.There's so much to say about this hotel that i just don't know where to begin or end! We also stayed at the Bab Al Shams desert resort which doesn't compare. But that info is for another review.As a final point, I must mention the highly-professional staff who make you feel completely welcome and a bit special. For such a large hotel you get a sense of being the only person there. In some places in Dubai all the friendliness and &quot;have a nice day&quot; felt a bit forced but here it seemed so genuine. What great people!Go to the Grosvenor. You will not be disappointed!	
Jul 11 2007 	Lovely Hotel	My wife &amp; I took a last minute 7 day break to Dubai back in June. Having visited The Grosvenor House for a coffee last year, we just dreamed of the day we could return &amp; stay there.The chance came up with an internet deal &amp; a week with Half Board turned out to be a wise decision. The hotel is everything previously reported here on TA. We had room 3003, 30th floor with a balcony view across to Palm Jumeirah . . . superb. The room was exceptional with the biggest &amp; most comfortable bed ever, the bathroom was also very nice (incl Bvlgari toiletries). Enjoyed the nice touches in the room such as dily fresh fruit, fresh flowers, cakes/biscuits &amp; even a rose on the bed every night (4 bottles of complentary water were left in the room each day)Only dined in Sloane's restaurant, buffet breakfast &amp; dinner was very good with exceptional choice (multiple European, Arabian, Italian &amp; Asian dishes, many prepared at live cooking stations). Sasi the new restaurant manager has a great efficient &amp; friendly team, he has also introduced table service with some speciallity dishes. (soft drinks &amp; beer were reasonably priced but the wine is quite expensive, very expensive in some cases!)Enjoyed some relaxation around the pool, very comfortable loungers &amp; attentive pool staff (complementary iced water &amp; fruit kebabs make a nice touch when its 40degC), Spent some time over at the sister hotel Le Royal Meridien, again very relaxing as grounds are very large with plenty of space between sun loungers (&amp; direct access onto the beach/into the hot sea)Bar 44 was an experience, the £40 bill for 4 glasses of red wine took some of the edge of it though.Would highly recommend this hotel, especially for couplesPosted a few Photo's, Hopefully a short Video to follow soon . . .	
Jul 9 2007 	5* isn't a high enough rating to describe this place!	This hotel comes out so highly for a reason: It is outstanding. We booked it on recommendation of our Dial-a-Flight agent and it did not disappoint. A complimentary air-conditioned Merc picked us up from the airport and drove us to the hotel, while we enjoyed cold towels, iced water and the day's papers. At the hotel the staff were incredibly helpful, polite and knowledgeable and easily dealt with our request for an Indian Ocean view room with a balcony. The room was huge, with a gorgeous, massive bath (big enough for two!) separate shower, enormous bed (you get to pick which types of pillows and duvet you want!) huge flat-screen tv, tasteful, modern decor, fluffy robes, etc. The hotel also has two of Dubai's best bars-Bar 44 and The Buddha Bar. We visited most of the5* hotels to try their restaurants and bars, but the Indian restaurant at the Grosvenor and the Buddha bar were superb. There is a free air-conditioned shuttle that whisks you over to enjoy the beach and pools at Le Meridien and even when you're at the swim-up bar you can pop things on your Grosvenor tab, no worries!There is a lot of construction in this area, but you can't hear it behind the excellent sound-proofing of the Grosvenor, or on the beach at Le Meridien. The best hotel we've ever stayed at, and worth every penny.(We also went on a safari and my boyfriend asked me to marry him while we watched the sunset over the dunes!It's the perfect place for romance, chilling, eating, drinking, and luxury, in a sun-soaked setting!).	
Jul 5 2007 	Fantastic luxury hotel !	I have recently returned from a family holiday to Dubai, where I have been several times previously. After a week in Dubai we had 2 days at Hatta Fort before returning to Dubai , spending our final 2 nights at the Grosvenor House hotel at Dubai Marina.I booked the GH accommodation through a travel website and got a great deal (£177 per room per night for a Premier Room inclusive of breakfast &amp; Club facilities). On arrival we were upgraded to a suite with free half board - breakfast + lunch or dinner in Sloanes restaurant.The suite rooms are superb with seperate lounge &amp; bedroom, kitchen , full bathroom/shower &amp; 2nd toilet. The furnishings are excellent with 2 wall mounted LCD televisions, Bulgari toiletries etc. and butler service to all suites.The GH lounges &amp; restaurants are all beautifully furnished with a very high standard of service. The breakfast &amp; dinner were served at Sloanes Restaurant (buffet) which is very nice, with excellent quality food &amp; drink. However there are several others at the hotel, including a Turkish restaurant (Ottomans).The Club Lounge is situated on the 44th floor, offering all day tea/coffee &amp; pastries with a free licenced bar / canapes between 6pm &amp; 8pm.Also on the same floor is a classy bar (with great views of the Palm), which is great for &quot;celebrity spotting&quot;. We met a very well-known former boxing champion on our visit there.The hotel is also home to the famous Buddah Bar , which can get very busy, but hotel guests get priority entrance to the club where you can have either a drink or a meal (expensive but worth a visit).Yes - like much of Dubai - the hotel is in the middle of a perpetual &quot;building site&quot;, but don't let this put you off. Dubai is a fantastic place for nightlife, restaurants, shopping &amp; entertainment.You quickly forget the building work going on around you &amp; have to imagine what Dubai will look like in 5 - 10 years time. If you want to be on the beach then the hotel offers a free transfer to the sister hotel Le Royal Meridien which is only 2 minutes away.The service at the GH is second-to-none and all the staff are very friendly &amp; really aim to please. Our stay was over all too quickly and we really didn't want to leave - but even then we were provided with a complimentary limo transfer to Dubai Airport, which rounded off our visit to the best hotel we have ever stayed in.Shop around for a good deal at the Grosvenor House - you won't be disappointed !!	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Hotel	Excellent hotel - although we were not sure where Duba Marina was it turned out to be just over the road from Main Beach and in the heart of it all.Taxis are run by government so really cheap and can't rip you offHotel has everything you could wish for and more! Best restaurant is the Bhuda Bar - asian infusion food lively atmosphere but you must book ahead!!! Bar 44 had great views of Dubai but a bit older and stuffier in here.As anywhere in Dubai food and drink pretty expensive but high qualityHotel will organise all trips for you we went on Dessert Safari - recommended - Bar-b-que was fantasticHotel has sister hotel over the road on the beach - airconditioned hotel car will take you there (goes every 5 mins) x3 outdoor pools here and beach front however sea like a bath!Also hotel have daily buses going to all main shopping malls free of charge - recommend Mall of Emirates (indoor ski resort)Make sure you have extra room in your case - loads of great goodies in the room and the dressing gowns to die for!Everyday fresh fruit and water in room along with biscuits cakes etc. each night hand made choclates and there if free tea and coffie in room alsoCan't praise this hotel enough...	
Jun 25 2007 	Top Class Hotel	From the moment we arrived in the Grosvenor House we knew that we on a winner. When we arrived (overnight Flight, got in at 6am) we were upgraded to a suite, given a complementary stay in the Spa until the room as ready and a free buffet breakfast. I have to say that things only got better from there!!! The hotel itself is fantastic, ultra modern, and very cool. All of the staff, seem to know your name from the first day??? There are a total of 10 Restaurants, our favorite being Mezzanine (French and close to Michelin star quality). The room its self was the best we have every stayed in, Kitchen, large bedroom, and a lounge + dining room and two 50” plasma’s. When staying in the suite you get complementary treats every day (Fruit, Pastries and chocolates). At the top of the hotel is Bar 44 (44th floor), a very hip and trendy place to get a drink before you head out. The views of the marina and the plam in the distance are unbelievable, but be warned though, the alcohol in all of Dubai is very expensive and wine excessively so… The pool area is again excellent, but quiet small. You get a free bottle of iced water, a face spray and fresh fruit when you go to sunbath each day. Some of the other reviews talk about shading, from the buildings but this is not a problem as you just move with the sun. Anyway you will not be able to last in the summer sun more that 2-3 hours. Also you can go to the Sister hotel (Le Meridian) about half a mile away. Which has a much larger pool area and is also beach fronted…there is a free shuttle bus to and from each hotel every few minutes…Lastly I would just like to say that the Dubai holiday and stay in the Grosvenor was the best holiday I have ever been on. A true and excellent 5* hotel.	
Jun 21 2007 	Wow practically perfect	From the moment you arrive you can tell that service is a priority. There were at least a dozen valet lined up ready to help. The fresh flowers everywhere including the staff members was one sign of the quality of this hotel. The entire hotel is modern, clean, and new. The spacious room had a plasma tv, wood accents, and a marble bathroom with a tub fit for 2. The towels were so big they could have substituted as sheets for the bed. We felt special because every time we arrived back at the room there were gifts(chocolates, fruit, pastries, etc.) and notes all personalized. This is for a standard room, I can imagine what the club room guests receive. We did go to Bar H on the 44th floor. Overpriced(3 drinks=$60) and too loungy, better for an older crowd. The pools, facilities, and service at the sister Meridien were fantastic. It happens to be significantly more expensive for a room there without the modern design. I was most pleasantly surprised by the beach. White sand, crystal clear water. Don't get put off by the water temperature. It gets cooler, but not much deeper about 20 yards in. If you are going to stay in Dubai and are slightly concerned about a budget, stay here, hands down.	
Jun 20 2007	Fantastic !	Although we were advised not to stay at this hotel due to the fact it was in the middle of a building site, the reviews from this site convinced us otherwise.I have not booked any travel through a tour operator for several years but surprisingly, Kuoni were by far the cheapest for our holiday.We were not disappointed. The level of service was incredible. We had booked a Club room and for an extra £15 per person per day, we certainly received fantastic value for money. We received breakfast, afternoon tea and access to Club Lounge, where canapes and alcohol, ncuding champagne, were served free from 1800 til 2000 each evening. As alcohol is expensive in the hotels, this saved us a lot.We had a gorgeous room and a balcony which could hold 50 people no problem. Each evening, we received the usual chocs, a rose, canapes, water, candles. The beds, duvets and pillows were soooo comfortable we could have spent half the holiday there.We went to the Meridien's beach and pool one day but it was full of screaming kids etc, so we preferred the Grosvenor pool even though a building was under construction above it.We ate at Sloanes and Budda Bar. Both were excellent. Didnt have a bad meal anywhere. At at Trader Vics at Madinat, Prime Rib and Seafood market in Royal Meridien, Go West in Jumierah Beach, Blue Eliphant (Al Bustana Rotana at airport). All were great.	
Jun 11 2007	Staying here as we write	I am writing this review whilst staying in the hotel, it is fantastic.On arrival we were told that our room was not ready but not to worry as we were being upgraded to a suite. the suite has a living room, two bathrooms, two 42&quot; plasma's and all the other bits you expect to find with a hotel of this class. the staff are exceptionally friendly and will go above and beyond to make sure your requests are dealt with.the restaurants are good if a bit pricey, a single plate of lamb kebabs (Ottoman's) is around £20 and ice cream £2 a scoop! a bottle of beer is reasonable at around £3 and a cocktail is approx £10. As for the beach, pool, etc you can use the shuttle bus (every 3-4 mins) to take you to the meridien across the road, you really need to take the shuttle bus as it is not accesible from the GHH due to building work around the hotel ( the area is developing fast and every other building is still in the process of being built, but on'tlet this put you off as you cannot hear a thing in your room) overall the hotel is modern and extremely clean,it is in a good location. The rooms are spacious and quiet, bits and bobs that may be of use: you will have to put a deposit of £150 to cover the mini bar, restaurants etc. a taxi from the airport costs approx £10-£15 and are metered ask for an upgrade to a club room, you never know it may work. if you want to eat in the restaurants you must book a day or two before. the dress code is smart casual, No shorts, vests or trainers etc in the lounges, bars or restaurants.If you want to eat at Burj Al Arab it it better if you book before leaving home. they can sometime be fully booked for weeks in advance.If you want to eat there try and get a table at al mahara as the sky bar is supposedly meant to be a bit dodgy, although I cannot say for sure because we haven't eaten there.Have a good time in Dubai and make sure you bring lots of cash, it is friggin expensive if you go shopping in the touristy areas like the mall, hotels etc.	
Jun 7 2007 	Five Star all the way	Having sold the Grosvenor House a few times as a travel agent I was quite excited about staying there as the reviews here were so good and feedback from our customers was good. We went for the Club Room option which was really worth it- the lounge on the top floor for the club diners is quite small- one night we went across to Bar 44 but to be honest we preferred it there as the views were great. Our room was on the 35th floor overlooking the Habtoor and I can honestlysay we couldnt hear a thing from indoors (re: building works) and being so far up you hear a few beeps if you stand on your balcony but that's all. The pool at the hotel isn't ideal, it's shady by 2pm and is overlooked by a building site with interested builders checking out the clientele! But most people get the free shuttle to the Royal Meridien over the road which has 3 pools and the beach. The hotel itself is spotless, there must be 1 staff member to every client and the ambience was relaxed and unstuffy, with nothing too much trouble. The little things like chocolates and fresh fruits in your room were lovely- the beds are huge and so comfy. The breakfast is the largest and most eclectic mix I have seen and I had dinner at the Buddha Bar which was absolutely divine and not too expensive. Overall I wouldn't have any problem recommending this hotel, it is something very special and even though the Royal Meridien is it's 5 star sister hotel, the clientele and atmosphere at the Grosvenor is much better. You'll be sorry to leave.	
May 29 2007	The only place to people watch - The Buddah Bar	My wife and I stayed here in a corner club room. We were upgraded from a normal club room when we arrived from Mauritius at six in the morning. We didn''t expect the room to be ready at this hour, but what fantastic service, we registered and our luggage was in the room when we arrived. A club room is a must for all the other facilities and ameneities it entitles you to, like free drinks at happy hour, spirits, champagne, anything you want in unlimited quantities.The staff were superb, courteous, charming, nothing too much trouble to arrange. We stayed for three nights as a stopover to see Dubai and shop, from a relaxing beach week in Mauritius.We ate in the hotel the first two nights, but treated ourselves to the delights of the Buddah Bar for our last night.Wow! What a place to people watch! It's a must to stand at the hotel entrance and watch the valet parking attendants receiving every make and colour of exotic car arrive and deposit the wealthy of Dubai at the Buddah Bar entrance. If nothing else, eat in the Buddah Bar!	
May 29 2007	Second Time Around Not Quite So Impressed	Returned from a 10 day stay at GHH on Thursday 24th May.We booked this hotel for our second trip to Dubai as we were so impressed with it last September.However I have to stay we were not nearly so impressed this time, maybe due to High Expectations!!!!We went on HB Package as food in Sloanes last year was terrific. Big Mistake: Food Cold, Plates Cold and nowhere near the choice we had last year! I got terribly sick and am afraid to say it was definitely the food caused it. I didn't have nearly enough alcohol to cause the violent vommiting and scoots!We did complain and were told Sloanes currently did not have a Chef and the hotel was aware there was a problem with the food!In my opinion a 5 star hotel should always be on top of these problems.We had been upgraded to a suite on arrival which was very nice as we had a suite on our last stay as well, but on entering our suite on 36th floor we could both smell what could only be described as chip fat! Maybe the previous occupant had a good few takeaways. We soon discovered it was the bathrobes, one in the wardrobe and one in the bathroom. They seriously honked, and seeing as I unpacked so did our clothes placed in the wardrobe. Housekeeping were called and soon whisked the offending bathrobes away and replaced them. Mind you one of the replacements had a tissue stuck in the lining of the sleeve and we now know the robes given on your first day are the ones you have for your full stay!!!! I always managed to get the one with the tissue up the sleeve!Next comes the building work which we were well aware of from our last stay but found it to be much more intrusive this time. Concrete Mixers would line up outside around 11 pm every night and carry on throughout the night offloading and returning with more. On one evening we counted 10 lined up along the road!We could hear the reversing beepers all through the night, although we were looking directly into the building site and the panels on our windows would creak with the racket that was going on outside.Club Lounge was packed on most occasions as we were sent across to Bar 44 a few times. But that was no problem. The biggest laugh we had out of our 10 nights here was when the waiter in the Club Lounge told us one morning at Breakfast they had no teaspoons!!!! He proceeded to tell everyone who came in until he was taken round the corner and given a good telling off!Well these are my gripes and please excuse me if you think I am being a bit harsh on the hotel but if you look back to my review last year we couldn't compliment the place enough and we were disappointed this time!My advice is to go B/B or R/O as the hotel is still very beautiful and most of the staff ensure your stay is as comfortable and relaxed as possible. Beds and Bedlinen are very exclusive and the Bulgari toiletries go down a treat. Keep away from the rooms that overlook Habtoor and LRM as the building work is going on between GHH and the two hotels mentioned. I think the view is going to be very restricted when the buildings are complete.Well sorry if I have annoyed anyone with my review but I had to point out the bad bits.Will we return to Duba? Yes we will but not to GHH. Next time we will stay at the beach or in the City	
May 27 2007 	Two holidays in one	Grosvenor House has the feel of a sophisticated city hotel but also gives you access to the beach facilities at the Royal Meridien.The rooms are stylish (we were upgraded to an excellent suite) and it is well worth the extra for a club room. Happy hour in the club lounge is a great way to start the evening with canapes and free flowing champagne or other dinks.The buffet breakfast in Sloanes is varied, extensive and good quality. Ths staff throughout the hotel are friendly and attentive. The Indian restaurant Indego is excellent . Ottamans was disappointing but OK . The drinks and lunch service on the beach is reasonable value. The beach is lovely, despite the construction, and the Gulf is like a clear, warm bath.Taxis are cheap and plentiful in Dubai. Would recommend a trip to jumeraih Beach to Bar 360 and their Uptown bar on the 24th floor for great views of the Burj hotel. A trip to Dubai Creek is also worth it for a walk and boat ride.You can't walk anywhere and be prepared for the construction being extensive. But I couldn't fault the Grosvenor house and really enjoyed the holiday.	
May 13 2007 	The new standard in Dubai	My new favourite in Dubai. Just spent 5 nights there in a club room - great interior to the hotel, funky and contemporary compared to a lot of the hotels in Dubai which tend to be a bit gaudy in the way they are decorated. Room was great, big plasma TV, Bulgari cosmetics, luxurious bathroom.Club rooms are well worth the extra - don't know if they are any different in decor etc. but the club lounge on the 44th floor is very goo - all day access to snacks/beverages, and they do breakfast there, plus afternoon tea with amazing array of all you can eat cream cakes! In the evening it is free booze for 2 hours from 630-830 - a worthwhile perk in Dubai where booze is hideously expensive. We paid about £150 for 2 people to upgrade to a club so about £30/day, and we got that back in booze alone by each having 2 glasses of champagne as an aperitif each evening before dinner.Staff are very attentive through the entire hotel, and restaurants were superb on every occasion. Also has a great spa, and the best gym of any hotel in Dubai I have come across.Downsides? Well the pool area is not the best - a new tower is being constructed literally feet away and there are always hordes of builders leering across at the women by the pool. And there is no beach. But to counteract this, you do get access to the facilities at the Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa, and it is about 200m away with a frequent shuttle service (you couldnt actually walk the distance due to roads and construction). The integrationwith the Royal Meridien is seamless - you can charge to your room at all their bars/restaurants so don't need to worry about cash for purchases there. Previously we have stayed at the One and Only Arabian Court and the Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa. Until this visit, we thought the Arabian Court was unsurpassable but after 5 days in the Grosvenor we then had 5 days at the Arabian Court and both wished we had stayed at the Grosvenor as the Arabian Court has gone alarmingly downhill since we stayed there in January this year - the customer services manager acknowledged that they were struggling due to lots of new staff as turnover has been very high.Next time we go to Dubai we will return to the Grosvenor rather than the Arabian Court - and perhaps also try the Al Qasr at Madinat which is the only one with the potential to match the Grosvenor.	
May 10 2007 	Super Hotel Pure Luxury but More for Romantic couples or Business Clients	This hotel was simply the best hotel I have ever stayed. I am in my early 30's and travelled here for a weeks holiday with my wife. I read the reviews on this site and based on what I had researched, I felt it was the best bet. The atmosphere and ambiance was what you would expect from a 5* hotel. The choice of restaurants was superb, particularly the Indego Indian restaurant. Down Side:The major construction not just in the west marina area but about 50-100 yards from the outdoor pool on level 4. This meant that relaxing by the pool was a non-runner. The shading issue I read about did not bother me. The outdoor relaxation area hugged 2-3 sides of the hotel, which allowed the sun worshippers to follow the sun if they wanted to.Upside: Access to royal meridien beach resort and spa. This was the place we spent all our mornings and afternoons. lying by the pool, taking a dip when it got a little too hot, sipping pitchers of beer or strolling down the beach which remnded me of Miami South beach. Also the club or steak sandwich was to die for. All drinks &amp; food by the way was signed to the Grosvenor which meant carrying of cash was not an issue. The shuttle bus was the business also and provided us with travel to and from the GHH when we needed it. Once you put up with being totally under dressed walking from the lift, through the hotel lobby of GHH to the main reception to pick up the bus you were fine. We were not alone.Overall, the best holiday I ever had and we are a well travelled couple. Highlights: Ski Dubai in the Emerates Mall is a must do excursion. My first time skiing - what a blast. Dinner in Al Mahara seafood restaurant at 7* Burj Al Arab was some experience with pre dinner drinks on the 27th floor to set the mood. Take a trip to the gold &amp; Diamond centre - head to Cara jewelers for real deals.Also to finish, you have to head up to Madinat Village of Hotels, restaurants &amp; bars. This place blew me away. Go from bar to bar in a gondala on the man made lagoon - class. Check out balcony view of the Burj evening light show from Bari bari bar.Dubai, a destination that everyone showed and will have to visit at least once, so long, Col from the rebel county of Cork	
Apr 13 2007 	Impressive construction site	WOW - what a hotel! Check there homepage and if you like this kind of style you will be amazed - like we were. There are so many nice little touches, beautiful flowers everywhere, very stylish decor etc.We stayed in an apartment on the 32nd floor for four nights which wasreally gorgeous and 5 star. We had an amazing view of the marina construction site, really very impressive. They work day and night and you can hardly avoid the noise because the whole hotel is surrounded by construction. Well, I guess everybody going to Dubai is aware of the fact that the whole city is a construction site - and will probably be for the next 10 years! Once inside the hotel thenoise does not affect you but please do not expect it to be totally quiet. Currently the closest construction and the one which affected us the worst is next to the pool area, so we did not really enjoy laying by the pool. Therefore you can take the shuttle bus (for which we never waited more than 10 minutes) to the Royal Meridien. They have a beautiful pool area, very nice garden and also the beach there is great. But thats it. The hotel itself you can not compare at all with the stylish GH. Only they have one very nice restaurant with a beautiful terrace called Maya which serves modern Mexican food although overpriced but ok. For us as a couple without children the GH was the perfect choice. From the first moment the staff treated us like kings. They were so attentively and although there was so many staff around you could hardly notice them but they were immediately at your disposal if you needed something. I am wondering what kind of training they all have to go through....The only thing which I can complain about is that they maybe have too less english classes. I am also not a native speaker but it was sometimes very hard to understand them and we had to ask three or four times just to be sure. We ate in different restaurants in GH (also the buffet one) and all of them are very good. They are not cheap but high quality. Believe me, if it comes to food I am really choicy. I was also thrilled not only by the standard of the food but also by the tableware in every restaurant - so stylish!! And the little touches if you just orderd a drink or a coffee - always it came with something extra. If you like sweets you will immediately gain two kilos just because you cant resist!The service in the restaurants is good and very friendly but not comparable with the standard you are used to in exquisite restaurantsin Austria for example but that we also did not expect. I tried the Gym which is well equipped and has a nice view of the pool. The Spa is nice but a little bit small. I went to the sauna butthere were not enough beds to rest.It seemed to us that the GH currently is the hot spot in Dubai. The Budda bar, the restaurants and the bar on the top floor seem to attract very trendy people and one night we just stood in front of hotel to watch the very expensive cars arriving. We were almost a little bit ashamed when AVIS delivered our Peugot we rented for a view days ;-) No, seriously we never felt uncomfortable in GH withouta big car and beeing dressed up. All in all a very nice experience for a view days although not cheap.For a better price think about the Al Manzil, only 4 star rated but brand new and in a very nice modern arabian style (be aware of the open style bathroom - not everybody likes that). Altough I hate buffets - there it was amazing.This was my first trip to Dubai and I will maybe go again in 10 years or so after the construction is mostly finished....but who knows what they plan next.	
Apr 12 2007 	Fantastic when not too busy	Stayed for 10 nights in one of the apartments in Grosvenor House. Very helpful, polite and service-oriented staff provided the best possible stay in the middle of what looks like the world's biggest construction site. The hotel itself and the service are so good that after half an hour one stops paying any attention to all the work going on around it.Hotel pool is too facing a noisy construction site, however a fantastic beach and pool experience is provided by a sister hotel Le Royal Meridien, which would've been walking distance if not for all that digging and building work. There's a shuttle to go there and back, we never had to wait more than 5 mins. You can charge drinks, food, watersports etc to your Grosvenor House room. Their waterskiing boat throws a nice wave for some wakeboarding fun.Food in hotel's restaurants is very good indeed if a bit pricey. Wine prices especially seem to be a bit of mystery, as price for same wine in 2 different restaurants in same hotel can vary almost twofold! Check out the Buddha Bar, it's quite an experience (no children allowed inside though). Skip the italian in Le Royal Meridien and go to Ritz-Carlton next to it, it's much better.My only gripe with this hotel is that the standard of the service started to slip as the hotel filled up for Dubai World Cup. A brief discussion with the management quickly put it back on the right track.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great Hotel however expected more.	Just returned from 5 nights at the GH which was selected mainly basedon the trip advisor reviews. In line with the reviews and the generalreputation of the hotel, 5 star luxury was expected all the way. However, although the hotel really is very luxurious and has impeccable service standards there just seemed to be something missing which I can't quite put my finger on.Having stayed in many 4 &amp; 5 star hotels around the world which matched the GH on all counts, I maybe expected more from the GH than it could actually deliver.	
Apr 3 2007	heaven on earth at the grosvenor house dubai	Myself and my wife recently stayed at this truly beautiful hotel having read with intent many of the reviews on tripadvisor.We cant emphasise enough the high quality and friendliness of the staff. throughout our entire 10 day stay we could find not one fault with this magnificent hotel. There are 5 star hotels in the world which do not live up to their reputation but the Grosvenor not only meets its 5 star rating but actually excels in every aspect from general ambience to its lovely attentive team of staff. The Grosvenor House Dubai is one hotel in the world not to be missed during ones lifetime.les and michelle o neillireland	
Mar 31 2007 	OK but not amazing !	We stayed here for a special birthday for my husband. The hotel a nd grounds are lovely, however there are a few things which could be better. The pool are is not well planned, and coming from the UK, we want the outsife space to be good for sun bathing etc. The pool is placed on the east side of the hotel and near all the all building works.!! The hotel building casts big shadows across the whole pool area from around 1pm.The building work is 24 hours a day, so it can be hard to get away and relax from it. You can't hear the noise though once you are inside, but for us this spolit the pool time alot! I cant see this building site being finished and clear of dust and rubble for some YEARS to come!My husband rated this hotel as &quot;average&quot; however he does go away on business alot, so may be he is a bit harsh. Service etc was what was expected.Would we go back? Yes to Dubai, however not to this hotel.	
Mar 27 2007 	luxury all the way	What a wonderful place but, as other reviewers have said, it is an oasis in a massive building site. We had a lovely 6 day stay, ate fantastic food, stayed in a wonderful suite (free upgrade- does every club room get one??) and enjoyed the facilities of the sister hotel at the beach. I agree, the club room is a must, just for champagne and canapes, but we have never stayed anywhere so perfect.My advice is to stay here for a chill out but if you want to see Dubai- andthere is a lot to see and do, perhaps somewhere nearer the centre would be better. Otherwise, can't fault it.	
Mar 18 2007 	A special experience	An oasis of calm, comfort and exemplary service in an otherwise crazy city!! Once inside these exclusive walls you forget the buildng site which is Dubai!!	
Mar 16 2007 	very good but some drawbacks	Good points:Sun beds - There is never a shortage here or at the sister hotel, the Royal MeridienClub room - Probably worth upgrading to if you like unlimited drinks (we had champagne) between 6pm and 8pm, exclusive breakfast (more choice in the main restaurant, Sloane's though), high tea and all day soft drinks, tea, coffee and cakes. View from the club lounge is great too. If you don't drink a lot, you may not consider the upgrade worthwhile.Upgrade - Don't expect one. We were offered one at £600 for 10 nights, not free like some others.Shopping - For bargains, avoid the malls and head for Bur Dubai or Karama if you don't mind being harrassed by over zealous traders. Shopping malls are about the same as UK prices.Rooms - Lovely! Service - First class.Taxis - Cheap and abundant. We spend 1.5 hrs getting from the hotel to the Hyatt for dinner and it cost under £10.Bad points:Noise - There is a lot of building work go on around the hotel 24/7 so if you are a light sleeper, beware. I slept for only a few hours a night because of constant building noise.Clientele - This is mostly a business hotel. Next time I'll stay at the sister hotel, Royal Meridien as this is on the beach and more suited to leisure visitors. I felt a little underdressed at times.Walking - You can do virtually no walking around the hotel. Even getting to the sister hotel which is 400 metres, requires a (frequent and courtesy) bus ride as there are no paths!Traffic - if you want to eat towards the city centre (towards the airport) between 8 and 9pm, allow 1.5 hrs to get there from the hotel as traffic is very heavy from 6-9pm.Food - Avoid the revolving resturant at the Hyatt. Overpriced and food not good. We liked: Buddha Bar, Mezzanine, Fusion.	
Mar 16 2007 	Excellent will be better when the building works have finished	Stayed here in Nov 2006. Both late 20's well travelled couple.My job has the bonus of getting to stay in some great 5 star hotels around the world. This was a personal holiday and after spending 4 nights at The Grand Hyatt in Oman we arrived for 5 nights in Dubai. Was last here in March 2005 for work and the building work was bad then. Coming back now was even worse. This is building work like you have never seen before. You can't turn around without seeing a crane. The hotel is situated in the West Marina about 20mins from the centre of Dubai. The exterior and interior and a sight to behold. Checked in whilst sitting on a beautiful sofa and a drink in our hand. Our Butler (guest services in reality) took us up to our room. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to an apartment on the west side of the hotel (the hotel is divided into hotel rooms and apartments). Huge room (bigger than our 1 bed flat in London), had to check with reception that I wasn't paying the wrong price for it!The attention the staff give you is second to none. I especially had a lot of time for the manager of the Gallery bar who spent ages chatting with us and at the same time keep the drinks flowing for the other guests. Bar 44 is a great place to spend the evening looking out across the city. If you get a club room then you can use the other part of the bar which the public can't drink in. The only thing is that it does get very busy as the night goes on and is very popular with non residents. Breakfast is a large buffet style with a range from fruits, cereals and full english.The pool is let down by two things. Its location on the east side of the hotel and the building works. The hotel building casts a shadow across the whole pool area from around 2pm onwards and unless you move around the the small suntrap on the beach side thats all the sun you will see for the rest of the day! The 24 hour building work is a bit of a pain too. When we arrived we looked down on a development, by the time we left they were looking down on us! You can't hear the noise though once you are inside. You can use the sister hotel Le Meridian which has a large pool and beach area. Free shuttle bus operates from the front of the hotel. Takes about 1 minute but because of all the building works around you can't walk it.Great service, great hotel, great food and drink. Will be great in 5 years when all the buildings in the Marina have been built.	
Mar 12 2007 	Luxury	From the moment you arrive in this hotel you are treated to absolute luxury. The staff are amazing very friendly &amp; accommodating. One of our memories is going back to our room to see what little gifts had been left by the cleaning staff on that particular day. We stayed on a half board basis &amp; I must truly compliment the chefs on the amazing food that was presented on a daily basis. I would really recommend this hotel &amp; am looking forward toa return visit in the near future.	
Mar 9 2007 	Fab @ Forty	Just back from a week GH. We went for my 40th birthday. We stayed in a club room on the 40th floor. We had a wonderful time. The hotel is stunning ,everywhere I looked there were fresh flowers ,its the little touches which make a great hotel fabulous.We made use of the facilities at Le Royal Meridian Beach Hotel, another fab hotel ,but GH has something special, beautiful rooms delicious food wonderful views from Bar 44 &amp; Grosvenor Lounge. Also spent a few eveningin Madinat Hotel good choice of bars and restuarants. There is building work everywhere but it didn't bother us.	
Mar 5 2007 	Fab Hotel.	Fab Hotel. The staff here are excellent, they can't do enough for you.The club room is definitely worth going for. The access it gives you to the club lounge on the 44th floor is a great way to start your evening. You can have any drinks you want, and there are a selection of hot and cold canapes to enjoy also. It can get full between 7-730pm, so try and get in sharpish. Breakfast can also be taken here, but I would recommend Sloanes, there is a fantastic selection. The dinner buffet in Sloanes is pretty good too, Indego the Indian restaurant is excellent. There are little added extras of fruit and cakes delivered to your room every day.If you do book a club room this gives you complimentary return airport transfers, in a BMW 7 series. Just call the hotel concierge a few days in advance to book. Unfortunately the other comments about the pool and building work are true. The sun gets blocked out early afternoon, you can move to a small suntrap if you want to say, but if you are looking for a full day by the pool, we found it far better to go to the Meridien across the road. The pool and grounds are lovely there, and it's right on the beach. They do a pretty good cocktail too. Try the beach restaurant at the Habtoor next door for lunch.If you book the GHH you won't be disappointed.	
Mar 3 2007	Excellent Service	Read the reviews of the Grosvenor House and this influenced our decision to stay there in a Club Room. We arrived very early with the room not ready and half hoped for an upgrade, based on the experiences of other guests. Unfortunately this did not happen, but the hotel were very good and did provide breakfast and access to the Club Room while we waited.That aside we found this to be an incredible hotel for its attention to detail and the enthusiasm and professionalism of its staff. We couldn't believe that for a hotel of this size the Sloanes Restauarant Staff seemed to know our names and treated us like personal friends. The staff were courteous and polite without being over intrusive and the quality of the food in the restaurant was superb.We particularly liked the little touches and gifts left in the room, it seemed like everytime we left something different was there for when we got back!!!. We loved the Club Room and wide range of canapes, champagne and daily afternoon tea. we chose this instead of going to the Burj Al Arab for one of their expensive afternoon teas - it was a good decision!!!Overall we have stayed in bigger and grander Hotels than the Grosvenor House, but for sheer quality and friendliness this has to be one of the best hotels we have stayed in - I would highly recommend it. It will be nice to go back to the marina area in a few years time to see the end product of the building work, the scale of which is truly awesome	
Feb 25 2007	A wonderful experience at Grosvenor House	From the moment we entered Grosvenor House it was a wonderful experience. Be prepared for the fact that the hotel is right in the middle of a massive building site (like much of Dubai) but once inside you would never know. On the way to the hotel Dubai looked space age and the rocket shape of the hotel fitted the landscape perfectly! Like many people have said we were upgraded to a Suite instead of the Club Room we had booked and the additional benefits of Club are a must. The Suite had 2 large plazma TVs, a stunning bathroom with Bulgari accessories, the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in, a separate lounge area with huge circular panoramic windows over the building site, fascinating in itself, (plus the marina and beach I must add!) and an attached kitchen with fridge. Fresh flowers, fresh fruit and small cakes brought daily were nice touches and access to the Club lounge meant that we never went short. Unlimited drinks and canapes between 6pm and 8pm meant that we overdosed on champage and were so well dined that dinner wasn't esential. However, we did eat in Buddah Bar one night, an experience not to be missed for the excellent food and wonderful atmosphere. £100 for a bottle of wine and two courses each was very good value. Another good experience was the Desert Safari booked through the hotel - a must if you want to see camels!! The free courtesy car, part of the Club Room package, saw us back to the airport in style. Frequent transfers to Le Royal Meridien meant that we could have the beach as well as the luxury of the Grosvenor. Le Royal Meridien is far more family based but we wanted to escape families and lots of children so as more of a business hotel, the Grosvenor fitted our criteria perfectly. A leisurely breakfast on the terrace was worth relaxing over with a huge array of excellent food, the best I've ever seen for a hotel breakfast and it stayed open until 11.30am. All in all, a perfect choice for a five night break in Dubai. This is a hotel that clearly has an outstanding Hotel General Manager as the attention to detail in all aspects of the hotel put it right at the top of the class for quality with service that is never intrusive but always to hand. What a shock to return to Britain and the depression of Heathrow. After Dubai taxis which were so modern and cheap, it cost £38 for two single tickets on National Express from Heathrow to Gatwick on a dirty coach - that says it all!!	
Feb 25 2007 	Overhyped	This is a good hotel but some people seem to either have rose tinted glasses or do not usually stay in luxury hotels. The service is generally very good but can be erratic. We were not offered a drink when we arrived and our key card did not work until the next day. This meant that we had to go via reception every time we returned to our room. The bed was sometimes not turned down and we missed out on cakes some nights. The breakfast selection is fantastic but after nine the hot food is not hot. We ate at Sloanes one evening and again the choice was fantastic but self service gave it an 'all inclusive' feel. Indigo and Mezzanine restaurants were very good but not exceptional and were on the expensive side. The worst aspect of this hotel is its position. It is absolutely surrounded on all sides by 24 hr construction. You have a balcony but you cant use it because of the noise and dust. Dont even think about 'relaxing' by the pool. I am amazed that people have accepted the 24 hr construction as being part of Dubai. We paid over £300 (maybe too much!) a night with Trailfinders and we did not expect the construction to be so bad, particularly because of the glossed over comments on this site. I have never expeienced anywhere like it and I agree with a previous reveiwer that Dubai does not have soul and it has a mass of high rises. Moans over and now the good. The sun shines, the service is above average, it is exceptionally clean, everything works and the food is of a high standard. The Grosvenor House is a good hotel and I have been picky to give perspective to the high marks it has been given. I will probably go back to see how well the mass of construction has been finished off and to see the sunshine in winter. You have to accept it for what it is but I doubt I will ever be able to say 'I love Dubai'.	
Feb 22 2007 	Building work at The Grosvenor	We have just returned from staying at The Grosvenor House, Dubai for three nights on our return from the Maldives. The hotel is very nice, it really can't be faulted in any way, the staff are polite and courteous and the rooms are excellent - as is the food. Our only problem was with the actual position of the hotel. To get to the beach you need to use the hotel courtesy bus which takes you to the sister hotel over the road (Le Meridien). It is impossible to walk there yourself because of the extensive building work taking place to three sides of The Grosvenor. The only outdoor area to sit is around the pool due there being no gardens.We saw an earlier report mentioning building work and queried this point with the hotel. We were told the noise was minimal and that sound barriers are erected to counteract it. On arrival we were dismayed to find that the building work is on three sides of the hotel causing traffic chaos at busy times. The noise from the pile drivers could also be heard over the air conditioning and sound barriers were not erected. The work also takes place on a shift basis so continues more or less twenty four hours a day. We didn't sit around the pool area partly because it looks out over the building sites. The sea view room we were given (a suite which was very nice) sadly overlooked the building work and although the sea could be seen it was in fact through the Habtoor and Meridien hotels. The area in front of the Marina is also being developed.We were unable to walk to the Marina due to the only footpath by the hotel being cordonned off in both directions.I am sure that once the building work is completed things will be much better but we did feel confined at this hotel. I must stress however that the hotel is superb.	
Feb 11 2007	Perfect hotel	Perfect experience from the reservation which was very complex (multiple rooms, multiple names, multiple changes) to the quality of the rooms and of the serviceThe standard is very very high	
Feb 1 2007	Stay here if you love luxury!	My husband and i have just returned from a weeks holiday in Dubai and thanks to all the previous reviews on this site we chose the GH and we weren't disappointed. We decided to book a club room which gave us access to the club level of the hotel and when we arrived (after our FOC airport transfer in a private limo, fab touch) it only got better as we were upgraded to an apartment suite on the 34th floor. It was huge, with a large living area and bedroom and with views down to the Burj that were to die for, especially at night. Everything was immaculate and there was always fresh fruit, water and little extras brought to our room daily. The staff were amazingly attentive and efficient and went out of their way to make sure that you had everything you needed at all times. One point to note if you do go for a club level room is to take advantage of the breakfast at Sloanes rather than in the club room itself as the breakfast options there are minimal compared to those at Sloanes, and for no extra charge. As other reviewers have noted the pool area is overlooked by building work, but surprisingly it's not actually that intrusive or noisy. There is also the bonus of complimentary cold fruit and bottled water which is a nice touch. If you prefer the beach though, the Royal Meredien (GH's sister hotel) is right across the road and there's a free shuttle that runs to it every 5 mins. As well as the beach there are several pools and beautifully landscaped gardens to relax in, but it's a much larger and more impersonal hotel and we were always glad to come back to the GH at the end of the day. We had a fantastic trip made all the more special by staying in this amazing hotel, i can not recommend it enough.	
Feb 1 2007	Gem of a hotel!	Have stayed in a variety of luxury hotels in Dubai, both on business and pleasure, and this ranks very highly. The rooms are very comfortable and the extra little touches make all the difference. The staff are amazing too!! Highly recommended, however, try to get a high floor because there is a lot of building work going on quite close to the hotel.... As there is in the whole of Dubai. Note to Dubai itself, BUILD MORE ROADS before building anymore apartments!?	
Jan 30 2007 	Five star plus!!!	I booked this hotel after doing plenty of research (mainly from this site) and got a really good rate through ---.com. We don't normally stay in five star hotels, but I thought I would spoil my fiance with a nice surprise for her birthday. We most certainly were not disappointed!! Highlights of the hotel for us were:- The amazing view of the beach from our balcony on the 27th floor.- The allround exceptional service from staff with an attention to detail we haven't previously experienced.- The comlimentary gifts left in your room each afternoon such as chocolates and a bottle of wine- The giant plasma TV in our room- The breakfast buffet - great variety and tasty food to boot.- Indego restaurant - pricey, but worth every penny!Overall, I cannot recommend the GH enough - five star quality throughout and service levels out of this world.If you're looking to stretch your budget like us and don't normally stay in five star hotels, take my advice and book the GH.........in terms of value for money, you won't be let down.	
Jan 27 2007 	Amazing..... Unbeliveable	Amazing rates by ---.com for this hotel and I booked this through the same. It was a very good experience to stay in this hotel. Simply says I love it.	
Jan 24 2007	Fantastic Hotel	The Grosvener House Hotel in Dubai was a absolutley fantastic experiance. The staff was so helpfull and accommadating it made you feel right at home.I was told the Royal Meridian Hotel in Dubai was the best BUT as it was our sister hotel we got the chance to have a look around and it wasn't a patch on the Grosvener. With fantastic food and really resonable prices to say it is a 5 star hotel. I would reccommend this hotel everytime. You must check out the massive plasma t.v's in every room, (even the public loo's) as you can get your bill up on it and keep check if your over spending ! BRILLIANT.There's loads of building work going off at the moment but the noise in minimal and some how spotlessly clean !!FANTASTIC.	
Jan 21 2007 	Very Good but not the best	We arrived at this hotel from the Burj on the 26th Dec for three nights.This hotel gets amazing reviews, personally I think that is because a lot get good upgrades.I paid for a premiere room with club facilities.We stayed in room 2105 which was a decent room, the bathroom was very nice and all marble, however the toilet area was a little tight.The room was no better than others in Dubai but it did have a fantastic balcony which gave the room a wow factor.The bedding is probably the best ive slept in.I liked the plasma TV and the channel choice was quite good for tv channels however some music/film channels and Broadband have to be paid for, however free broadband is availalbe in the business unit.Sloanes had a fantastic choice for a european breakfast, you could have the full english or a very nice healthy one.Plenty of space within the hotel.We also ate at Indigo and found that very good, the service was very good and we were well looked after, with recommendations by the waiter and chef.The pool is overlooked by a building site and you can here the noise, however the loungers are very comfortable.We did have a couple of problems with the door not locking and telephones being faulty and this never really got sorted out .We never saw our alledged floor butler once.On our arrival there were a couple of hickups and for those reasons is why i am giving this review 4 stars. Room service was very good.Club was ok, drinks are worth the extra cost, but i thought the area was small and lacked ambience. I just though a bit more could be laid on through out the day and not just specific times.I personally like being directly on the beach, but the shuttle back and forth to the sister hotel was efficient.In all a pleasant stay and i would return for the right price, but not the price I paid.Maybe we were spoilt having been staying at the Burj. IMO you cant go wrong with this hotel as well as others in the area, if the price is good , go.	
Jan 18 2007 	Nice hotel ok service..	I ultimately had a very pleasant holiday with my family despite the fact that the previous awful experience at the Royal Meridien had changed all our plans and sent us to the Grosvenor House. The hotel decor is very chic and not pompous. The rooms are big and luxurious, the carpet was immaculate, i loved the Bulgari amenities in the bath. The constant replacement of the bottles of mineral water, coffe and tea in the room was a very nice touch. The managers are extremely friendly and professional in handling issues, the rest of the staff lack professionality sometimes (especially the room cleaners) but they're very friendly and try their best.. Just next to the hotel is the Buddha Bar, a lovely japanese fusion restaurant wich is also amazing for nightclubbing.. The best indian restaurant is located inside the hotel. The guests of the Grosvenor benefit from free internet access in the business area and free access to the beach and the outdoor pool of the Royal Meridien. In my opinion it is the best hotel in Dubai both for leisure and business.	
Jan 9 2007 	Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful.	This hotel blew away all my expectations. We had upgraded to a club room. Oh my days, it was the most wonderful 'suite' of a room that I have stayed in!!We had a corner room, with a panoramic view of the sea. The room was divine, the bed was magnificent, and the bathroom a dream. (Especially the Bulgari toiletries!). The 'in-room' check-in, and the endless helpful service was out-of-this world. I have never experienced this level of customer service! They booked a trip for us efficiently, and not overly costly, which was truly wonderful...!The pool and gym were great. The running machines have an in-built tv screen... v. modern! All in all, I can't find anything to complain about. If you get the chance- Stay here.	
Dec 29 2006 	World-class hotel	We spent a week on holiday here in early December. The features of this hotel have already been well described; everything from the food and service to the decor was outstanding. Every member of staff we encountered was friendly, courteous and capable.The hotel does not have its own beach, but this was not a problem as we had the use of the beach at Le Royal Meridien (an adjacent hotel) and the shuttle-sevice was frequent and comfortable.There is a huge amount of construction in Dubai, particularly in the vicinity of this hotel. However, apart from hearing the odd clunk when by the pool it wasn't especially intrusive. We spent a morning downtown and felt we saw most of the notable attractions in this time. We went to the Mall of the Emirates in the afternoon, but didn't stay long as it was very much like a mall in the UK of USA with nothing in particular to recommend it.We chose Dubai simply to sit by a pool for a week, eat well and relax in comfortable surroundings; this hotel served as a perfect base.	
Dec 27 2006 	Wow fantastic hotel 	I booked this hotel after reading all the fabulous reviews and we were not disapointed. We booked a car to pick us up from the airport (we arrived at 7am and I was hoping this would prompt an early check in). We were greeted as soon as we entered the airport and ushered through fast track immigration. The car that was waiting was a BMW 740 long wheelbase. The driver pampered us with air conditioning and pointed out all the landmarks on our half an hour journey to the hotel.One arrival we were ushered into the foyer and seated whilst the desk clerks checked us in. We were offered cold towels and fruit juice whilst the formalities were seen to.Our butler then proceed to excort us up to our club room. He had arranged an early check in for us and procceded to tell us that all the club rooms were full, so we had been upgraded to a club room suite.The suite had a dressing area, a guest toilet, a living room with fantastic panaromic views of the beach and palm island, the bedroom and a luxurious bathroom.We took advantage of the club room between 6-8pm every evening and thoroughly enjoyed the free champagne and excellent canape's. I would recommend booking a club room. As well as the access to the lounge, you can also take your breakfast in your room at no extra charge. Something we did everyday of our 5 night stay.To put things into context, after leaving the club lounge at 8pm, I thought it would be nice to go into bar 44 (across the hall) and have a quick pre-dinner drink. I ordered two glasses of champagne and the bill was £48. The club lounge seems even more of a bargain.We had also chosen a half board option, which meant we could eat free in the buffet, or have a selected menu in the indian restaurant or the Turkish restaurant. The food was fantastic and the whole ambience whilst dining was extra special.We also took advantage of the sign and dine at the Le Royal Meridian (the Grosvenors sister hotel - on the beach). We had to pay for this, but I would recommend the Lebanese BBQ restaurant (the name fails me). Delicious.The hotel pampered to every wish we had. The evening turn down service was special and so was sitting in the living room watching the sun set over the gulf.It was my wifes birthday whilst we were there. Upon arrival from the beach we were greated with a bottle of wine on ice &amp; a birthday cake. What a very nice touch.The only downside is that the building work is immense, but no part of Dubai has escaped this. You don't notice it in the hotel or on the beach. My only concern is over development. The view from the hotel is amazing, it would be a shame to plonk a high rise in between it and the beach.On the whole I would recommend this hotel and I will be going back to stay, hopefully not to far into the future.	
Dec 22 2006 	Wonderful luxury	We stayed for two nights at the Grosvenor House. On arrival, we were upgraded to a suite, which was quite wonderful. The suite itself was immense, and very well equipped, with a lovely huge bathroom complete with Bulgari lotions and potions!Service throughout the hotel was excellent, with lots of classy touches.We did not end up eating in the restaurants (other than the breakfast at Sloanes, which was very good indeed - huge choice). Given the size of our suite, we opted for room service food, which was very good, and beautifully served.We booked a Club room, which I would strongly recommend doing – in addition to free airport transfers (in a six-series BMW) and breakfast, this also gives you access to the Club Lounge on the 44th floor – here you can get soft drinks and snacks all day, with afternoon tea and then pre-dinner drinks and canapés. Sipping a glass of champagne with views over the Palm is well worth the reasonable extra cost on the room, as other reviewers have noted.We also used the sister beach club, Le Royal Meridien, which is very well laid out and did not feel at all crowded. Service there was also excellent, with cold towels and mango sorbet provided to you at your sunbed! The only slight issue is that considering that it is only yards away from the Grosvenor, the shuttle can take some time given the heavy traffic.The only real downside to a stay here is the building work going on around the Marina – this makes the traffic pretty chaotic and spoils some of the views. I have to say though, that this is not something that will concern you whilst inside the Grosvenor or at Le Royal Meridien.We have stayed in the past at the Mina A’Salam – this and the Grosvenor are definitely my favourite Dubai hotels!Highly recommended	
Dec 10 2006 	Luxury at it's finest!!	I stayed at the GH with a friend during the last 2 weeks of November. It really truly is out of this world. From the minute you enter they treat you like royalty. And the staff do their best to accomodate every need you have. Make sure you take advantage of the spa. Youl will definately notice a new level of service. The food is so delicious at this hotel. Overall, we noticed that the standards when it came to food in Dubai were very high. Even food from the food court at the mall was better than most restaurants in the U.K. The only downside is that you must take a shuttle to the beach. Although it's suppose to be a frequent service, there were some days where we had to wait longer than usual. This is not the hotel's fault though as traffic in Dubai can get pretty crazy. I would definately recommend this hotel. Once you stay here, your standards will be raised to new levels.	
Dec 9 2006 	Faultless and consistently good service...	This is the 4th hotel we've stayed at in Dubai - having been at the Grand Hyatt, Arabian Court and Bab al Shams in previous visits. The GHH was seriously the best. I often judge a hotel by the toiletries in their bathrooms, and the GHH stocks a generous supply of Bulgari - which says it all really! A very cosmopolitan feel about the whole place and the service was faultless. Without question, you must upgrade to a club room - we had one with a wrap around balcony with views over the Palm and the marina - it was spectacular. Breakfast is quiet and civilised in the club lounge and well worth doing if you don't like being around lots of people in the main buffet restaurant downstairs first thing in the morning. The afternoon tea is good there too - and the champagne and canapes between 6 and 8pm truly wonderful. I was very disappointed that my husband did not carry on this service for me when we got home... They even called us yesterday and asked if we'd like to go back for New Year! We were looked after like the rich and famous (unlike at some resorts where the service is good until a better guest rolls up and you get ignored for the rest of the night.) Very worthwhile, great value for Dubai. Oh, and the Indian restaurant (Indigo) was stunning. Don't miss it!	
Nov 27 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	The Grosvenor House is for me the best hotel in Dubai. From the chauffeur driven limousine service (stretched BMW 7-series) at the airport (though we were later charged AED200 for this) to the spacious, elegantly furnished rooms and great service, everything just worked. We checked in very early and there was no problem there even though rooms only become usually available in the afternoon. While Dubai Marina is a giant construction site, it did not distract from the experience and I hardly noticed the noise. The restaurants, particularly the Buddha Bar, are top-notch and service throughout is very friendly. Went to the Burj Al Arab for drinks, but I was happy to be back at the Grosvenor House for dinner - the hotel just has this understated elegance that does it for me. Will be even better once Dubai Marina will be fully finished. Have stayed in a lot of great places, but this one is definitely one of my top 3.	
Nov 24 2006 	Amazing place to stay	My partner and I have just returned home from a 5 night stay in what i must say is the best hotel i have ever stayed in.I had originally booked a Deluxe room but was greeted at reception by a lovely man by the name of Rorri who informed us we had been upgraded to a premier suite with access to the Club floor facilities, and it just got better from there.Our room was fantastic with a seperate lounge and all the trimmings Plasma tv, dvd player etc and the bedroom was equally as nice, with plasma tv and what was by far the comfortablist bed i have ever slept in , both rooms had balconies overlooking the marina and beach.As explained previously in other postings the Club lounge access is a real bonus with afternoon tea then the evening pre dinner drinks and nibbles, we met and chatted with other guests and this made the whole atmosphere both relaxing and friendly.We were on a half board basis and this has resulted in me adding 8 lbs in weight..!!! the food and service in Sloanes restarant was without faultI had to try the Buddah Bar next to the hotel and i was not dissappointed it was fantastic and for an olden of 52..!! i really impressed the young lads at work of where i'd been.The beach at the Meridien was lovely, a bit windy but i could live with that, towels and beds all supplied for nothing. and for me the icing on the cake was the limousine service to the airport on our last day a white 7 series BMW only 4 days old whisked us to the airport for no extra charge.This is my sixth visit to Dubai over a 12 year period, and yes there has been a huge change to the skyline with regards buliding works etc but this has not stopped me from wanting to go back there yet again next year and yes i will be staying at the GHH i'd be a fool not to want to go back and be treated so nicely.	
Nov 24 2006 	best hotel EVER	booked through destinology. (a huge thanks to Janet who could not be more helpful) what can I say except what a fantastic hotel. There is a lot of building works in dubai but I dont think it was a problem. fascinating to see it all going up. once inside the hotel you were treated like royalty. We were in a suite which was HUGE to say the least. I cant think of anything to add to existing reviews except to say this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in.We would recomend it 100% Fantastic view of the palm from our 7th floor room and breathtaking view from the club lounge on the 44th floor. We feel the lounge is great value if you are going to be around the hotel during the day or for pre dinner drinks between 6 and 8.the resteraunts were also excellent with an amazing choice of dishes. The staff were 1st class and always ready with a smile. The marina is full of different resteraunts and a supermarket.We will be going back to the grosvenor . taxi to the city is about £10 (50 aed)tho complimentary transfers to the malls.nothing bad to say.	
Nov 19 2006 	unbeleivable	We've just returned from a short break at the GHH and were absolutely blown away by the whole experience. We arrived at the hotel at about 9 am and weren't expecting a room until after lunch, however we were met and immediately attended to with cold drinks and towels. The staff explained how they would try to get us a room asap and offered us breakfast and use of the facilities while they arranged this. We were in the room before midday and were upgraded to a suite on the 20th floor which was just stunning. The photo's you'll find on the web are great but never really do it justice.We'd booked on a half board basis which was really worthwhile and had access to Sloanes, Indego and Ottomans restaurants which had both set and a la carte menus. The food, surroundings and service was fantastic and the staff were always attentive but never intrusive. The breakfast buffet at Sloanes - quite simply an event!Bar 44 was stunning with great views over the marina and jumeirah palm island and a great place to end the evenings. Buddha bar is a must see, its spectacluar! There is a restaurant downstairs which we didn't use and would probably have found it a bit noisy for a meal, definitely somewhere to go for a drink though.The marina will be fabulous when its finished but its worth a look round. Dont try to walk anywhere, just use taxi's as they're very reasonable. The beach, pool and facilities at the Meridien were great too and definitely worth using.Everything about Dubai is extravagent! bigger, better, cleaner and we would return tomorrow if we could. Loved it!	
Nov 17 2006 	Fantastic hotel with superb service	We stayed at GH for 6 nights with friends and our group included 2 toddlers and 2 babies. The service was truly excellent. Despite not being an obvious choice for a family holiday, the staff were very child friendly throughout the hotel. We booked Premier rooms with lounge access, and were upgraded to a 2 bed apartment which was superb. We were staying on a Half Board basis and had club lounge access. Children are not allowed in the club lounge due to alcohol serving restrictions but the priviledges of the lounge were extended to the Leaves tea room so that we could still enjoy the complimentary drinks and snacks. This was really a bonus as you could have afternoon tea, and pre and post dinner drinks. A special mention must go out to the staff at Leaves tearoom who were so friendly and accommodating of 4 young children! Sloanes brasserie was excellent (buffet restaurant) and we ate their every night since we could feed the kids first and then eat in peace once they were asleep. Food ranged from sushi, to chicken tikka, and there must have been over 30 different desserts every night! It was all of excellent quality.Pool was lovely, and cold face flannels, ice lollies, fruit and cold face sprays were all complimentary touches.The shuttle to The Royal Meridien only takes a few minutes, but is longer on the way back due to a one way system on the roads, and this can take up to 15 mins during peak traffic hours. Fabulous beach and pools and again wonderful service. Similar poolside extras on offer. Overall, fantastic and luxurious stay. Construction is all around the hotel, so walking around is not really an option, but we never once felt the noise affected the enjoyment of our stay.	
Nov 16 2006 	DisappointingOverhyped	If it's your first time to Dubai, you'll think this hotel is awesome. It's beautifully decorated and brand new and the food is truly superb. BUT if you've been to Dubai before, especially if you 've booked club, you'll find that the service just isn't what you'd expect. It lacks finesse, they make mistakes and there are no individual touches that you see everywhere else in dubai. They forgot to book our transfers back from the airport (we ended up in a people carrier), they never called us back when we had queries, they got every room service wrong and on a couple of nights they completely forgot the turn down service. We informed then half way through the trip when we tried to move, they sent a bottle of wine and then carried on making mistakes. We did not see the butler at all. The hotel has a very urban feel, a real city hotel, a great weekend for a group of well off girls to go for a weekend with the cool bar on the 44th floor and the buddha bar. Not good for families, you just can't get round and you can't walk anywhere and no good for couples as it's too noisy. Not good if you want to sunbathe. There's a small pool that's shaded all afternoon and the noise from the building work around is mind numbing. We were on the 33rd floor and we could not have our patio door open! This place does not have a holiday feel so if you're looking for that stay at the Mina. I'd recommend a club room as there's a private lounge where you get free drinks for a few hours in the evening, afternoon tea and breakfast.	
Nov 16 2006 	Absolutely Loved It	We have just returned home from a wonderful few days at the Grosvenor Hotel . We had luxury and were treated like royalty.Me and my wife have visited Dubai on numerous occasions but felt this was our best visit .Weboth enjoyed Buddas Bar and Indego was very special. We took some family friends who were blown away with the city and all its splendour.We met a very famous celebrity in Bar 44 . We all would return to Dubai tommorrow given half the chance .One of our friends had sore feet from all the walking but this did not seem to matter . Dubai marina is fab and would like to live there one day.	
Nov 15 2006 	Superb Hotel	I don't need to go into everything about this Hotel; it's all been said before. The service is impeccable nothing is ever an issue and they are genuinely trying to anticipate your needs at all time. The food is amazing, Buddha Bar is certainly a must but you need to book a couple of days in advance as it is always busy. I would also recommend a club room with access to 44 club lounge. Dubai is a wee bit pricey and you get 2 hours of free drinks and canapés with the club room which covered the extra we paid for it many times over. Dubai is undergoing a lot of change right now so everywhere you look there is building work going on. To me it was amazing to see the birth of a city and I am looking forward to going back and watching it progress, to others I guess they might find the noise and activity annoying. My last tips are, don’t go on the river cruise, there isn't much to see and the food is a huge let down but do go on the Dune Safari run by Arabian Adventures it is excellent. Also for a really pleasant place to go and have a drink try bar 360, go to the Jumaria Beach Hotel and ask for it, they will drive you out to it.	
Nov 13 2006	not what we expected.	booked after reading the reviews on trip advisor for four nights but flew home after two.The hotel is lovely inside, but not being able to go to any area that is non smoking (people smoking walking around etc) and not being able to go anywhere in Dubai on foot from the hotel, it is a 24/7 noisy building site! The staff efficient/polite.Am I missing something about Dubai? shopping ok but I can do that anywhere, not that cheap either. I found Dubai &quot;manufactured&quot; and without a soul.	
Nov 6 2006 	Fantastic Rooms; Buddha Bar is a Must	July isn't the best time of year to go to Dubai, but my wife and I were looking for a weekend away from Doha. We booked a room at GH, and when they found out it was our anniversary, they upgraded us to a better room/small suite. I don't know if I have stayed in a better room...enormous bathroom, incredibly comfortable bed, two flat screen TVs, all lights/tvs/AC on a remote control. I could go on and on, but you really need to see it for yourself.Another plus is that the hotel is connected to the famous Buddha Bar Restaurant / Lounge. We had been planning on just doing drinks there (dinner elsewhere), but on the recommendations of several friends, we decided to dinner as well. We were not disappointed, as it was the best dinner of our trip. A bit on the expensive side, but the food was great and the atmosphere more than made up for the cost. If you have drinks upstairs, avoid the champagne cocktails (not much to write home about and very expensive) and instead go straight for the blueberry mojito. A fine beverage...	
Nov 3 2006 	Superb!	We have just returned from a week at Grosvenor House Hotel and just wanted everyone to know how fantastic it is. The reviews you see on these and other pages are no exaggeration. Upon arrival at the airport we greeted by a chauffeur in a hotel car. We were provided with water and cold towels to freshen up (it is hot, even after a couple of minutes you will be very grateful for these). Upon arrival at the hotel, the lobby is extremely impressive. Our luggage was whisked away and our check-in was completely hassle free. The hotel has got a fantastic range of restaurants –check our Mezzanine for the best dinner in Dubai. Food was outstanding in all restaurants. Definitely consider staying in a club room/suite. You get access tot eh club lounge on 44th Floor with the most spectacular views of the sea and the Palm. Drinks and canapés are served daily 6-8pm and are commentary (this will be a welcome relief to your wallet as Dubai is not cheap).The Dubai Marina is stunning by day and night. Looking out at night from Bar 44 the views are as good as anything in Manhattan/Honk Kong/Tokyo. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Be warned there is a lot of construction but you do not notice inside the hotel/from your room. You will hear it by the pool (which becomes shaded in the afternoon) but it is not too bothersome. It can be escaped by visiting the pool complex of the sister hotel with all the other sun worshippers. Must do: Desert Safari by jeep. Miss: Burj Al Arab – most exquisitely expensive bad taste I’ve ever seen. (We stayed there for our final night and left wishing we hadn’t)	
Oct 29 2006 	The Best Family Holiday Ever	We have just returned from 8 days at the Grosvenor House Hotel in Dubai. Thank you Trip Advisor for your recommendation of this hotel. We had according to our children the best family holiday ever. The grosvenor house was superb we had large rooms with fabulous views from our balcony 20 floors up. Our double bed was huge and so comfortable, the linen so soft and the 3 choices of pillow ideal for a brilliant nights sleep. The staff were superb but special mention to Adil at the Poolside the finest example of how it should be done. Engel in the lobby and marina in Sloanes restaurant. The half Board option was great value and usually involves Sloanes which was a huge buffet affair at breakfast and dinner. Marina was very efficient in seating us and attending to our needs.  We tried Indigos for a first class curry, The Mezzanie for breakfast and more comfortable and intimate than sloanes. The Buddha bar however was very expensive for what it was and though the teryaki beef was epic the music was nothing but headache inducing. However if you like cars the car park was full of the latest luxury cars as people dined there. The rooms were spotless well cleaned and bulgari luxuries really appreciated .  I could not fault the hotel despite all the building works around it. The only noise was the a/c units which could perhaps be quitened.The pool was lovely but too shallow for swimming properly.  In Dubai you should try the skiing at the Mall such fun and great at 01-00am on a ramadan night. The desert safari in 4x4's was good but skip the belly dancing as tourist tat. We spent time at the Royal Meridien where we stayed 6 years ago.Oh how the skyline has changed for the worse next to it. Here the hotel was good for children but like benidorm! Stick to the Grosvenor and enjoy your time in Dubai.	
Oct 17 2006 	Fabulous Hotel	This has been one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. My mom and I were upgraded to a suite. We had an ocean view and lounge access. The service was impeccable. The room was modern and comfortable. The amenities in the bathroom -all Bulgari.I would definately stay here again. It would be a reason to go back to Dubai again.	
Oct 10 2006	More like a 6* hotel!!!	My husband and I recently stayed at the GHH and had a fantastic time. We stayed in a suite on the 35h floor which had amazing views of the gulf &amp; marina- we could even see the palm. The suite was beautiful- 2 bathrooms, kitchenette, 2 plasma tvs.Room service did a great job twice a day.The hotel decor is modern and tasteful and no expense has been spared.Food in sloanes was fantastic- be prepared to gain a few pounds!! The chefs cooked such a varied feast every night. A special mention must go to chef Ajok- a truly talented and nice guy! Thank you for the chicken spring rolls!!The buddha bar had great decor &amp; atmosphere but nowhere to dance in the bar, which was a shame as many people were in the mood to, as the music was good.Overall cant praise this hotel enough- the staff are so friendly and attentive, they cant do enough for you. GHH surpassed all our expectations and really cant be faulted, it really should be classed as a 6*.	
Sep 15 2006	New level of service	After reading the gushing reviews on this website we booked and hoped for the best.......we where not disappointed!. The hotel was wonderful, the staff took customer service to another level and made you feel not only welcome but treated you like VIP's. Well done Kiran Joshi guest services Manager.As previous reviewers have already stated the pool does go into the shade in the afternoon but don’t let that bother you because if you are a sun worshipper just get the very efficient shuttle service to drop you off at the Le Royal Meridian hotel (Grosvenor house's sister hotel) a couple of minutes away and you can soak up the rays on the Hotel beach. Go half board as this will not only save you money but is really worthwhile as the quality of the food in Sloane’s (the buffet style restaurant) is quite frankly exceptional, all the food is cooked fresh and to your liking. My daughter being a ''picky'' eater did, spaghetti bolognaise nearly every night!. There is a further two restaurants in the hotel we tried Ottomans (live Turkish music) and found the food and service was to the very high standard that we had come to expect.Tips.Do make use of the shuttle service to the Malls and the Gold souks. Get the concierge desk to book your trips i.e. Dune riding in 4x4 vehicles etc. Book your Taxi back to the airport through the hotel as this generally works out cheaper but most importantly ENJOY.	
Sep 5 2006 	Fantastic!	Just got back from the GHH last Friday and had a fantastic time. The hotel is absolutely wonderful. We were met at the airport by the hotel car which we had pre arranged and taken to the hotel and got checked in straight away. Check in took place in the lounge in the lobby of the hotel, we were told to take a seat on the sofas and were given cold towels to freshen up and a lovely strawberry drink whilst we were waiting for the keys to our rooms, it was all very relaxing, no waiting around in ques. We were then taken up to our rooms. We were in a club level room, number 3304, a corner room with a very large balcony with excellent views of the beach, the Palm, the Burj and Dubai Marina. We had a lovely large bed which was so comfortable, sheets felt like silk! Plasma TV, workdesk with stationary. Bathroom was lovely and large, big bath and shower which were seperate (didnt use the bath unfortunately, wish I had now!), Bulgari toiletries, robes, slippers and lovely big bath sheets. My parents and brother and sister also in club level rooms, 3501 and 3502, 3501 is a corner suite with kitchenette, seperate living and bedroom areas and 2 bathrooms, no balcony. We were celebrating my dads 50th birthday so think they must have been upgraded to a suite because of that. We headed straight up to the club lounge on the 44th floor which again was lovely, they serve pastries, tea, and soft drinks throughout the day, at 3pm afternoon tea was served which consited of delicious finger sandwiches (chicken with shallots/fresh egg mayo/beef/salmon etc), homemade scones with clotted cream and jam and your choice of tea or coffee and fresh juices. Then at 6pm canapes and drinks are served until 8pm. The canapes changed daily (both hot and cold, the tempura prawns are a must and also the fresh cooked crisps) and were absolutely delicious and you could choose whatever drink you fancied, we stuck with champagne every night, it would have been rude not to! I think we actually spent our first 2 days in Dubai chilling out in the club lounge eating and drinking! Would def reccommend the club level rooms with the access to the lounge. Canapes and fresh fruit were also delivered to the room daily, try the chocolate brownie, mmmmm! The Hotel itself is very impressive, decor is lovely and its absolutely spotless, no expense spared even down to the plasma TVs in the toilets! There are fresh flowers in all the public places and the lobby is candle lit at night and looks beautiful. Also if you go outside at night and look at the hotel, its lit up in blue neon lights and looks very impressive. Service was outstanding. I made the hotel aware that we were celebrating my dads 50th while we were there and as i said before they were given a suite and on his birthday he received a birthday card, cake and bottle of wine, if you are celebrating an occasion be sure to let them know and im sure they will go out of their way to make to even more special. The pool area is lovely, padded sunbeds which are set up for you when you arrive at the pool and fresh fruit and water is brought over to you. The pool does get quite shady from about 2pm but its quite welcome to be out of the sun, if you want more sun then head over to the Meridian in the free shuttle and go down to the beach, i never quite beleived anyone when they said the water was like a bath, i lasted about 30 seconds in the sea as it actually felt hotter in the water than out! dont go in if you want to cool down! Restuarant wise, we were on a half board offer which we got free when we booked our room with Trailfinders. This allowed us to eat in Sloanes, which is the buffet restaurant and again couldnt be faulted, food was lovely. Lots of different food stations, all food cooked to order, try the chicken tikka and nann bread! They also have oysetrs on the seafood section which were lovely, ask for them and you can have as many as you want. Sloanes is also where breakfast is served, again lots of different food stations with fruit, cooked breakfast, omlettes and eggs made to order, smoothies, pancakes, you name it they had it. If we didnt choose to eat in Sloanes then we could have a credit of 80 dirhams each to be used at any of the other restaurants on food only. The only other restaurant we ate in was The Bhudda Bar, again absolutely delicious, its quite load in there but very impressive, def a must see. Being on the club level meant by the time had numerous glasses of champagne and lots of canapes from 6-8, it came to dinner we couldnt actually fit much else in! My mum and dad had treamtments in the spa, and said they were lovely, I used the sauna, steam and jaccuzzi and hot beds, it was empty in there and felt like you had exclusive access to it. The GHH really had everything you could have wanted, you didnt really need to leave the hotel if you didnt want to. We didnt notice many small children while we were there, i think if you want something more for the kids then Le Royal Meridian (sister hotel) might be better. The only small niggle that bothered us was the background music in Sloanes, one CD seemed to be on repeat the whole week were were there and the music wasnt really appropriate as backgorund music, it could have been a little bit more chilled and varied. House music at breakfast with a hangover wasnt quite what the doctor ordered but other than that I couldnt fault the hotel one bit and will def be back again, already looking forward to that chilled glass of champagne in the club lounge!	
Aug 20 2006 	The reviews don't lie	My husband and I stayed at the GHH the last week of July before transferring to Al Qasr for our second week.The main reason we stayed here was due to the fact we were offered free half board and a free night.Normally I am not a lover of half board offers as I prefer to eat in different places however I was not disappointed.The food was lovely and the service in sloanes was great. We could use other restaurants and we got a DHS 80 per person credit towards our meal.We ate once at Buddha Bar (if you want to eat on a Thursday or Friday you have to book a table in advance) - I would recommend Buddha Bar, especially on a weekend.Our room was not huge but very modern and well equipped - we were on floor 30 - overlooking the palm . (tip - we only paid for the cheapest standard room but as the hotel was low occupancy we were given room 3004 which is completely sea facing, you cannot avoid the construction work unfortunately but I reckon this room had one of the better views)There is a lot of builidng work going on but we were aware of this, before we went and it did not really bother us. You can hear it though.We used the pool at The Royal Meridien a few times, it was nice but the service is not a patch on GHH. however a word of warning the pool at GHH does get shaded in the afternoon.Overall I thought the service throughout was fantastic. It is really good for those travelling without kids as the pool is fairly quiet through the day.If I had to find fault, the only thing I could complain about is sometimes the room was not cleaned until after 4pm, even though we'd been out of the room all day.However I think this is due to the fact the hotel was only a quarter full and they had less staff servicing the room. Very minor complaint.If you want a more 'resort type' holiday or if you have kids i would not recommend this hotel at all as there is no kids club at GHH and not family orientated.We moved on to Al Qasr for the second week (which I've done a seperate report) and for us it was nowhere near as good as GHH but the madinat complex is in a better location and no building work.However taxis are cheap in Dubai and it is easy enough to get to the madinat complex to look around.We have stayed in most of the 5* hotels in Dubai now and I think the GHH is one the best for service. We would definately return.	
Aug 8 2006	Class class class	Just returned from a weeks holiday in Dubai. Stayed at the Grovsner House hotel on the marina and wow what a place.From the moment we arrived we where greeted by the most efficent hotel stay i have ever dealt with. We were checked in and upgraded to a suite within minutes, whilst our luggage was taken to our room we were given cold drinks and towels which believe me you will need, however the super cold air con does help in dubai. We were shown to our room by the room butler who explained the features and how everything works. There were 2 wopping great plasma TV`s on the walls and computerised lighting,alarms air con etc. Bedroom is amazing, bed is huge and bath is massive with a seperate walkin shower. We were given free half board with meant you could eat at sloanes resturant and the food is fantastic however you do have to pay for drinks. Everything you do is charged to the room so no need to worry about tipping etc just sit back and listern to the 2 girls playing piano and violin whilst you eat and chill out. The staff are fantastic and you do not have to lift a finger from the second you arrive until the second you leave. There is a curtisty bus to and from the le meridian across the way which you can use there hotel free of charge (we prefered staying at the grovsener) this is where you gain access to there facilities if you want to and the beach. The beach is clean and the sand is about 100 degrees so dont forget your shoes our you will have very sore feet. If in fact if you can make it to the sea without burns on your feet then the sea is like a bath and crystal clear. Taxis are parked outside the hotel and are very cheap, check out the mall of the emirates, bur juman and Ibn buttata if you like shopping, chanel, gucci, dior you name it they have it. The ski dome in the mall of the emirates is unbeliavble who would think you could ski in the dessert. Take a boat ride up the creek is a great way to see the city and then strole round the gold souk area and haggle. We travelled in August which is there low season due to the very hot weather however not unberable and less busy which makes it more posssible for upgrades etc, email the hotels if celebrating birthdays etc and i promise you they will spoil you rottern. All the hotels are stunning and apart from the Burj Arab which is a real wallet breaker then the Grovsner house must be one of the top hotels in Dubai i cant speak highley enough about it, however the Mina A Salam is also amazing and right next to the Burj Arab so check that out too.	
Jul 16 2006	Very Nice	This is an excellent hotel with fantastic service. I would recommend you stay here but if in Dubai for 2 weeks maybe do 4-5 nights here then move somewhere else this is what we did. The reason is that the Marina is still not quite complete and although the noise isn't horrendous by any means you can still hear building noise and its not 100% relaxing. If you want 100% stay at the Madinat Jumeirah (I recommend Mina a salam) there is no building noise there at all and it right on the beach. We went down to the Meridian and again there is a bit of noise there and it wasn't a hugely relaxing place. All that said the hotel is lovely and the staff are great. The bathrooms are lovely and the treats in the room every night are nice. The plasma tv's are good aswell. We ate at Sloanes restaurant and it was amazing the flashiest buffet I have ever seen and I would very much recommend it. We also went to the Buddha bar and it was impressive but as mentioned very dark and pretty expensive, i wouldnt rush back to it to be honest. I would go back to the Grosvenor but in a few years when the rest of the area is finally complete. It will be an impressive area when its all done. The hotel has a business type feel to it so if you want that then that's fine, if you want a holiday hotel then try the Madinat.	
Jul 15 2006	Class the GH	As regular travellers to Dubai we have stayed in several of the top end hotels. The Grosvenor House however is by far the best. The club rooms were superb, very classy and extremely comfortable.The club lounge on the 44th floor was smart comfortable and the perfect place to enjoy a peaceful breakfast, afternoon tea or delicious evening canapes. Beware of the free flowing champagne though!The staff were superb throughout the hotel.A bonus was the shuttle across to the Royal Meridien hotel. Quite handy if you wanted to use the beach or just to chill out under the palm trees around the poolside. (be warned though...this hotel has become quite a package type hotel and can get very busy and quite rowdy at times.)The Buddha bar was cool and entertaining and is definitely worth a visit. The pool area is classy and comfortable and the attendants very eager to help. A lovely touch was the tray of fruit,cold towels and water delivered to your sunbed soon after you arrived by the pool.It was very quiet during our stay which is quite usual in Dubai in june. However,this suits us.Would definitely recommend you try the GH if you are looking for a classy, luxurious stay in Dubai!	
Jul 11 2006	Every luxury in the world in one hotel	Myself and my Partner have just returned from 5 wonderful nights in Grosvenor House. I had read several reviews before I booked the Hotel and was still pleasently surprised on arrival. We arrived at approx 11pm and the hotel foyer was full of lighting candles and the lovely voice of the resident singer. We were taken to our deluxe room (which was the basic room available). It was just beautiful. I can't imagine how the upgraded rooms could have been much better. Between the fresh Rose and Chocs each evening to the constant supply of bottled water and fresh fruit and canapes supplied each day, smiling staff and attention to detail, we had a great time. Weather is very very hot. taxis are cheap and there is a great free shuttle service between hotel to shopping malls, gold souk etc at designated times. Visit and be charmed and pampered all the way!!	
May 18 2006	Number 1 Hotel	Being a travel agent I'm fortunate enough to have travelled extensively. I have stayed in Dubai before but never at the Grosvenor, what a find!This Hotel is the best I have ever stayed in, their staff are extremely well trained and are attentive, well mannered and make you feel so special (even down to remembering your name) that anything less now will be a disappointment! One can replicate the building and furnishings but not the staff!I stayed in a club room for a small extra which gave me access to the club lounge on the 44th floor, again the staff made this a fabulous experience. The breakfast buffet was very good for such an intimate lounge and the pre dinner canapes excellent. Alchoholic drinks in the evening (included in the room cost) flowed freely as did the champagne and several evenings we missed dinner but happily moved over to Bar 44 across the hallway for fantastic views of Downtown Dubai and 'The Burj'. This is a piano bar with 360 degree views of the Marina and Dubai, again the staff are happy, courteous and very good at keeping you supplied with drinks!Downstairs the 6 restaurants provide menus from around the world, the Indian is a modern fusiion of what we are used to at home and authentic recipes. Beautiful calm surroundings and delicious food. The Buddha Bar (which you have to go outside the Hotel to enter) is a buzzy, exciting experience, which is full of young beautiful people having fun. The eclectic music and atmosphere enhances the setting and food, all under the gazeful watch of a 30 foot high Buddha. Very theatrical, go see for yourself!!The spa is tranquil and full of dark woods and water features, the staff are just as good as you would expect now and dont let the side down. Only one disappoinment, if travelling with a Husband or male friend - they cant join you in the steam room or jacuzzi as there is a male/female divide!! One might feel this is a positive thing though?Outside by the pool all is well, the staff provide you with towels, fruit juice, water and skewered fruit and you can chill until your hearts content! The sun does move behind the Hotel by early afternoon but one can then go over to the Grosvenors sister hotel (just across the road, transported by hotel shuttle) and use their beach club.There is building work going on around you and very, very occasionaly you can hear the few odd bumps and knocks but by now you are so relaxed and well looked after that you dont care! Actually my Husband found the 'goings on' around us interesting! We did walk down to the marina one afternoon and found ourselves amongst the 'locals' having coffee and tea with their friends and families. Lots of cafes, restaurants and expensive boats.Apart from being cosseted by this lovely hotel there is of course the rest of Dubai, downtown has the creek, crossed by an Abra and ending up in the souks is an experience not to be missed. Dinner in the desert after being thrown around in a 4 wheeled drive over the dunes is another experience, bit touristy though, especially when your hosts bring out the camels and encourage you to hop onboard!! The shopping mall with the ski slope which makes you feel youre in Kloisters and the beautiful modern architecture surrounding you, which even if you dont like you must appreciate the enthusiasm and passion which has built it! If you like comfort, good service and dining out then why wait? - go and see your local friendly travel agent NOW!! (And im not being paid for this advice!)	
May 17 2006	Amongst the best hotels in the World?	What a truly excellent hotel. Worth every penny. Taxi from the airport cost AED80. Upon arrival, the luggage was whisked away and check in completed very efficiently with complimentary drink and refreshing cold towell. Showed to our room on the 37th floor. Absolutely wonderful. Fantastic sea view. The top 10 levels are club rooms and are worth paying the extra for. As previous reviewers have said, the club lounge on the 44th floor serves complimentary soft drinks all day, afternoon tea, and pre dinner alcoholic drinks and canapes between 6 and 8. The canapes are so plentiful in both variety and quantity that it is very easy to have too many!The pool area is great, but much of it goes into shade in the afternoon. If you want sun and pool, take the free shuttle to the sister hotel, The Royal Meridien, accross the road. The pools there are excellent, and the beach is golden and clean. You can charge drinks and food taken at the Royal Meridien to your room at Grosvenor House, so no need to take cash for a day on the beach.They say that the Burj al Arab is the best hotel in Dubai, although I havent stayed there, I cant see how the service, food and ambience can be better than Grosvenor House. This must rank as one of the best hotels in the world.	
May 10 2006	Best hotel we've stayed in!!	Absoulutly fantastic! I stayed at the Grosvenor Hotel for 4 nights with my mother for my birthday and I have to say it's the best hotel both my mother and myself have ever stayed in. The staff were friendly and helpful at all time and the food was brilliant. We stayed in a Club room which meant we had access to the executive club on the 44th floor-opposite Bar 44 and this meant complimentary afternoon cream teas, soft drinks all through the day, and pre dinner drinks (incl Champagne) and canapes in the evening. This along with all the other special touches made our stay a very enjoable and memorable one! If you get the chance to upgrade to a Club room, I would def reccomed it.Yes there was lots of building work going on in the Marina but it did not bother one bit.One thing I would say though is that I would not reccomend this hotel for people with small children	
May 2 2006	Exceptional service	My husband and I have had several holidays in Dubai and although the city is losing some of its special feel due to the volume of construction work and traffic, this hotel is truly fabulous. The staff were incredibly courteous, helpful and pleasant to deal with. We ate in a number of the hotel's restaurants and all of them were superb. However, special metion must be made of the staff in the &quot;buffet&quot; restaurant and the surprising range and quality of food. Nothing was too much trouble - the staff actually seemed to take great delight in cooking the food to your liking (even my husband's desires for a &quot;really hot not tourist hot curry&quot; were satisfied). And the food was excellent. All of it. Had we appreciated the standard of this restaurant we would probably have eaten there all week because the variety was such that we could have something different each night! The surroundingly area will take some time to be bulit so the marina setting I had expected was little more than a construction site. Nevertheless I highly recommend this hotel if you want great food, great standards and great service.	
Mar 30 2006	Fantastic!	What a fantastic place! Staff are extremly friendly and will do anything to make your stay as relaxing and memorable as possibble.There is a shuttle service to the beach (takes about 2 minutes to get there).Rooms are amazing- especially at the front overlooking the sea and it's definitely worth checking out the bar on the 44th floor.	
Mar 20 2006	What a wonderful hotel	Just back from a 6night stay ( half board basis)at the Grosvenor House hotel. From the moment we arrived to the minute we left we were treated like royalty.The staff were all so friendly no matter what role they had in the hotel. The room was fabulous, beautiful bathroom and lovely view of the marina. The food was great, breakfast - so much selection no matter what your taste. Dinner ( Sloanes) again although it's described as buffet style the food is cooked freshly for you italian, chinese indian,english roast beef !! so much choice.As for the sweet selection - everything you could possibly want plus a chocolate fountain !! We had dinner in the Buddah Bar ( 80DHS credit as we were half board)really good atmostphere, very popular bar in Dubai so book early especially if it's a Thurs-Sat.Although there is a pool, try the beach at the Royal Meridian ( sister hotel) there is a shuttle bus and it only takes 5mins.There is a lot of building work around the hotel but you ignore it ( its actually quite fascinating) and it wasn't noisy at all.Taxis are cheap and there are so many shopping malls.The Emirates Mall was the closest ( it's also got a Ski slope !!!) 10 minutes by taxi. The shopping excellent. Got a Harvey Nic's!!All in all would recommend this hotel..	
Mar 3 2006	service is exceptional	Stayed at the Grosvenor with my wife for 6 nights and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.The hotel is immaculate in every respect and really cannot be faulted.The general service, by predominately Indian Staff is exceptional and they really are superb at their job.Most days we visted the Royal Meridien for sunbathing and lay on the lawn area which is away from the construction which is towards the beach, and much quieter. If you are considering either the Royal Meridien or Grosvenor, their really is little comparison in terms of a luxurious feel, the Grosvenor is far superior , however does not have the beach resort ambiance that the Royal has.If you are looking for a beach resort, I would personally stay at the Mina A Salam or one of the other Madinat Hotels which are beautiful and quiet.. as highlighted in one of the other reviews, the Grosvenor does have a business feel about it and this may not be attractive to some holiday makers. That said, you will not be disappointed and will love the general pampering that fills your time at the hotel.The Buddah Bar and Indego are also superb.	
Feb 13 2006	Great hotel	Wife and I stayed here in early Feb '06. We were on vacation and chose thoroughly enjoyed the property. Thoughtful and understated service that is not intrusive. Taking the shuttle over to the Royal Meridien is no problem at all.	
Jan 27 2006	Loved the Grosvenor House	I went to this hotel with some friends over New Year, it was the best hotel that we had all stayed in.The staff at this hotel are amazing, they really go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable.The rooms are beautiful and are so clean and the little touches (especially in the evening) such as candles being lit in the room, snacks being left for you, flowers by your bed.... really makes a difference.Special mention goes to the New Years Eve party that was laid on for us in the ballroom. I have never seen a buffet like it - there was so much food and it was all delicious, we were so spoit for choice. The party afterwards was also excellent and included live bands and fireworks.Also excellent was the spa, I had a massage there one day which was so relaxing.This hotel was amazing, I would definitely recommend it - we certainly cant wait to return!	
Dec 12 2005	On the verge of being a great hotel	Grosvenor House Dubai is on the verge of being a great hotel but is let down at the moment by inconsistent service - either too much or not enough (in the restaurant and house keeping). This is probably due to the fact that it's only been open 5 months and is still in its 'soft opening' period. But that's only a small quibble as we had a fantastic time on our second trip to Dubai this year and can't wait to go back. Last time we stayed at GH's sister hotel Le Royal Meridien but due to an absolutely fantatic deal we got through Airline Network we were fortunate to be able to come again. We booked a club room for 10 nights and with the half board option it was £1,400 per person. If you haven't been to Dubai before the half board option saves you a lot of money. And combine that with the club room facilities, which at the Grosvenor, is a great room on the top floor (44) where you can have soft drinks and snacks virtually all day, with drinks (anything you want including champagne) and canapes from 6- 8pm if you want and you may find you haven't got any room for dinner anyway.But best of all we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite on the 21st floor overlooking the beach. This comes with a butler who offered to unpack our clothes when we arrived from London at 9pm. For a minute I had to think whether we had anything embarrassing in our luggage (we didn't) and then I thought what the hell how lovely to return from dinner with everything unpacked. It was lovely, although I then spent the next couple of days trying to find where everything was.The suite had a kitchenette, dining area, sitting room, cloakroom, completely seperate bedroom and bathroom with large plasma tvs in both bedroom and sitting room. The bathroom was all marble and modern with a seperate large shower, and so many Bvlgari toiletries you really don't need to bring anything from home. The bed was so comfortable I'm already tracking down where I can buy one in England.Eating options. Breakfast can be taken (at no extra charge) in your room, in the club room or Sloanes, the main restaurant. We ate in Sloanes and found the selection extensive - basically you can have anything you want.The half board dining is taken in Sloanes or you can have Dhs 80 credit to eat in one of the other restaurants at GH. Unfortunately you can't use the credit at Le Royal Meridien restaurants.GH has the hottest venue in town - the Buddha Bar,the only one outside Paris, which has people queuing up to get in on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday nights (the Dubai weekend). It is definitely the place to be seen. It stays open until 3am. And if you are staying at the hotel you can skip the queues and walk straight in. However, if you want to dine you must book.GH also has a number of other great drinking spots including Bar 44 on the top floor (44) and a fantastic chill out terrace area in Ottoman's the Turkish restaurant, which unfortunately we didn't discover until our last night.GH has an extensive spa, gym and beauty/hair facilities on 4th floor plus pool and outside lounging area on 4th floor. I'm a bit of a gym rat so used the gym every day. Everything is brand new and clean. Ladies if you like having your hair done Dubai is the place to do it - half the price of London. Jet Set the ladies hair dresser in GH does wash and blow dry for £12 so I had my hair done 3 times and felt very spoilt.Please don't hesitate to contact me if you want additional information.	
Dec 6 2005	Best hotel I've stayed in	Just got back from 5 nights at GH with my wife. Absolutely fantastic hotel. I would not normally choose to stay in one hotel for so many nights, but we didn't want to leave.I'd recommend asking for a room on a higher floor (and non-smoking if that's what you want). Our room was the best I have ever stayed in for quality of furnishings, bed, bathroom, etc. and the housekeeping is outstanding, with lots of lovely touches when the room is made up or bed is turned down.Half board is a good deal - again, not something I would normally go for, but Sloanes restaurant is excellent, with a huge range of choice so eating there three nights in a row would still be different. With half-board you also get a contribution towards your meals in other GH restauarants if you don't want to eat at Sloanes. If you like Indian food, try Indego - a memorable meal.Bar 44 is very stylish, with top views and an excellent piano bar. Buddha Bar was cool too - cocktails were great - but some of the customers seemed to be hanging out there just to be seen.The service in the hotel really marks the place out as special, and the facilities and staff both at GH and at the Royal Meridien were great. We particularly enjoyed using the sauna, steam room, spa facilities after going to the gym at GH. You've got to get your timings right if you want to sunbathe all day, but it's pretty easy to hop onto the shuttle bus to the Royal Meridien in the afternoon when the sun leaves the GH pool.Will definitely return, and as the Marina gets increasingly developed this place will go from strength to strength.	
Dec 1 2005	Simply the Best!	First and foremost thank you to the Tripadvisor website, the user reviews are invaluable. I don't book any hotel before checking this site. Making a mistake on a hotel booking is now a thing of the past.We returned home from the Grosvenor House Hotel in Dubai yesterday and just wanted to say what a wonderful hotel. Really didn't know what to expect from Dubai as this was our first trip. But I can say it was a fabulous experience. It's difficult not to re-write what has already been said about this hotel and it's all true. The Grosvenor is a brand new hotel on the Dubai Marina. The SERVICE is the best I have ever experienced. Very friendly and attentive but not overbearing. We genuinely felt that it was important to the staff that we enjoyed our stay at the hotel and yes we certainly did. Staff remembering our names - not something I would expect - but yes they did. No complaints of any kind whatsoever only praise could be given to the STAFF at this hotel. We stayed on the 41st floor with a balcony and magnificent views. The room was everything you could expect from a hotel room and more. Exceptionally clean and stylish. The bed has to be the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Wonderful 42&quot; plasma screen with on demand movies - if you have time. The bathroom fitments were superb, beautiful rain type shower. Quality toiletries and bathrobes. Tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Evening turn-down service which includes a scented candle in the bathroom, choccies and a red rose on the bed. Each day fresh fruit is left in the room together with a different type of food snack which could be pastry or dip for you to enjoy. We booked a club room as these are on the higher levels of the hotel and you also have extra services such as afternoon tea and evening cocktails.The food at the hotel is superb, you are truly spoilt for choice. We mainly dined at Sloanes restaurant and enjoyed every freshly cooked meal we had there. The wine is not a bad price starting at around £20 per a bottle of house red.We also enjoyed a very good meal at the Buddah Bar which is the Grosvenor's newest restaurant. The decor is fabulous, a very dark interior lit with red chandelier type lighting. Again wonderful service, great atmosphere and a superb night out. You could go along there just for drinks though.We did use the pool a couple of times and again the service just makes you feel very special. Very high quality sun loungers, the towels are laid our for you and then you are brought iced water, iced water spray and fruit kebabs or ice lollies. We did use the shuttle bus to the sister hotel, Le Royal Meridien, although the beach service was a bit slow there. But if you like the beach then it's well worth the visit although the gardens are not as good as may be expected because a new swimming pool is being built in the grounds, I doubt this would affect your stay though. Now it seems an idea to mention the dreaded construction work that I have read so much about! I can say that the construction work had absolutely no impact whatsoever on our holiday. Yes you can see that there is a lot of building around, but certainly no noise could be heard from our room and I could see no dust or mess as a result of it. If you are on the beach then yes there is the occasional &quot;thunder roll&quot; of construction, but I can't see how it could worry anyone.Some hotels do seem to be affected more than others. I would say that the Oasis Beach, the Hilton and the Sheraton on the Jumeirah beach are the worst affected, they have building work directly behind them and if you chose a land view room it would not be a pleasant view and there may be some noise disturbance. But choose a sea view room and there should be no problem.We took the opportunity of making some trips while we were there so we could really see Dubai - all easily booked through the hotel guest services. We went on the Sundowner Safari. Really good experience of riding through the sand dunes in a 4 x 4 and then onto a BBQ in the desert. We also went on an early morning trip to the Nad Al Sheba horse racing stables to see the training of the race horses, a very interesting trip which finished with a good breakfast and a trip to the Godolphin Gallery to see the history of horse racing. Another trip was the City Tour which takes in the gold and spice souks and a trip across Dubai Creek in an Abra, a traditional boat.We also booked afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab, again a good experience to see the hotel at first hand. It's just a matter of personal opinion but I preferred the decor of the Grosvenor.All in all a wonderful holiday. We would certainly return to this hotel and hope to make a booking for next year.	
Nov 23 2005	Loved the Luxury	Stayed at Grosvenor House for 6 nights with my husband to celebrate my 50th Birthday. Absolute luxury, people are running around after you all the time. Don't bother taking any towels, or toiletries as these are all supplied twice a day. Lovely bathrobes and slippers! Very friendly staff. Would recommend having room service for breakfast every morning as it is all freshly cooked, piping hot and at no extra charge. Beautiful touch with the red rose, chocolates, canapes and candle lit every evening for you. Do try the Buddha Bar and the bar on 44th floor very nice. Shuttle bus running all the time over to Meridian Hotel, beautiful pool and private beach, swim up bar in pool. We enjoyed having cocktails after a swim at the pool bar every afternoon between 5 - 6pm, 30% off cocktails and a trio strumming their guitars for you, very relaxing. Would definately recommend this hotel and I think everyone should experience this holiday at least once in their lifetime.	
Nov 22 2005	Pure Luxury in Dubai		
Nov 18 2005	Grovsenor House Dubai		
Nov 14 2005	Fabulous - until 1.30 pm		
Nov 1 2005	A Connoisseurs Choice for a luxury grand hotel		
Oct 5 2005	Brand New truly 5 star Hotel		
Sep 24 2005 	Superb new hotel		
Aug 18 2005 	Fantastic service		
Jul 12 2005	Brand new luxury hotel		
Nov 24 2009 	Semplicemente Fantastico		
Nov 13 2009 	eccellente		
Nov 6 2009 	Wow wow wow!		
Oct 7 2009 	MItico Grosvenor		
Sep 1 2009 	hotel fantastico		
Aug 31 2009 	splendido		
Aug 30 2009 	?????????		
Aug 24 2009 	Hotel fantastico!!!		
Jul 31 2009 	Tolles Buisiness Hotel aber direkt neben der Baustelle		
Jul 29 2009 	Ein perfektes Hotel		
Jun 24 2009 	??????????????????		
May 27 2009 	perfection		
Apr 26 2009 	Perfection		
Apr 23 2009 	Fantastico		
Apr 19 2009 	LE TOP DU TOP...		
Dec 26 2008 	Hervorragendes Hotel - leider umgeben von Baustellen		
Nov 18 2008 	Hotel preferé a Dubai		
Aug 22 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Apr 1 2008 	INCROYABLE!!!!!!		
Jan 9 2008 	stupefacente!		
Sep 23 2006	Grosvenor house è un sogno		
