Nov 26 2009 	Excellent selection for business travelers in internet/media city	This hotel offers outstanding value for money and great location for business travelers in Dubai internet/media city. The Mall of Emirates is also close for some shopping. Room (superior double), was very spacious and clean. Full size bathtub and branded amenities . Breakfast was also 5stars! The factor that I value most in a hotel is how comfy is the bed. If you are in a long day with meetings, a relaxing bath and a comfy bed can make you forget all the minor drawbacks in services. Actually, it was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever used in all my trips ( ...my number 1 is still the &quot;nest&quot; concept of Sofitel). Minor findings: constuction around hotel but disturbance is only visual, pool was closed, in-room dining menu was missing, a letter saying that internet was complimentary but you were actually charged, no-one asked me for a deposit when cheched-in and I had the hassle of back &amp; forths to pay cash instantly for all extras, when I checked out some extra's were not promptly registered in their system... I could have left without paying them ... but I am sure that a junior staff would be accused for negligence when found out. In brief: These minor issues are only suggestions for improvement. Superb hotel that I will choose again in my next trip.	
Nov 12 2009 	stay in dubai	pretty good hotel - we got an upgrade to a nice suitereasonable price	
Oct 14 2009 	Incredible Hospitality	We arranged a conference at this hotel, and first of all I need to thank Abigail for doing such a great job and putting up with so much from us.The hotel is in a new area, and the streets are not quite complete, making it a little dfficult to reach. However airport pick up was perfectly on time, and most taxis to the hotel figured it out. It was just hard catching a taxi from the hotel unless you were very lucky, or gave the front desk 15 minutes notice to call a cab. Although it's a little bit off SZR, it is still pretty close to almost everything; Jumeirah Beach area, Marina and there is a shuttle to both the Mall of the Emirates and Ibn Battuta Mall which is perfectly on time.As for the hotel itself. It is five star in every way. The rooms are clean and spacious, excellent service. There was some construction going on nearby while I was there, but the noise did not bother me at all. Again the only trouble this causes is the detours it causes comign back to the hotel, but then again Dubai is one big detour.The staff were very friendly and accommodating. The spa is great. The pool is nothing great, but it does have a great view and we used it for cigarette breaks from our conference room which was on the floor above.The meeting facilities are great. There are various rooms and one large ballroom on the top floor. Set up for all our various meetings was smooth and perfectly on time and the hotel staff were very helpful and stayed in late and got in early with me when we had some delay in shipping. The hotel even offered to send one of their drivers to do the pick up in order to avoid any further delays when I started to have a little nervous breakdown. Coffee breaks and food for the meetings were delicious and elegantly served, with coffee, juices and bottled water available throughout the day.As for breakfast, we had it served in the Asian restaurant as a special request for such a big group on the first 3 days, which was a delight since it offered a great view of the city. After that we were served breakfast and all lunches in the Atrium restaurant, where the food was delicious, and the light coming in from the windows is magnificent. We also hosted a dinner one of the nights in the Italian restaurant. The maitre d' and the bartenders were all very gracious, and helped us rack up a very worthwhile bill of over AED 15,000!!!! Food and set up were also great, and the little patio it has was a great smoking area too.There is a bar in the lobbby, which is very quiet, as the lobby generally is, but with great food and drinks and a nice place to hold a quick quiet meetingOverall, a great experience and excellent value for money (about $300 for a standard, and everyone was upgraded to either a business suite or 1 bedroom apartment upon arrival)	
Oct 10 2009 	So relaxing grand Millennium	It was a family trip our third time at this hotel, so nice Grand Millennium, and yet again we have been spoilt rotten. Upgraded to a 2 bed room Suite on arrival with a nice views , suite are massive with a lounge area to relax in on an evening. Service is the best; our kids enjoyed the heated baby pool which is huge! We will be back soon without fail! With no doubt, we will recommend this Hotel to everyone.	
Sep 9 2009 	nice hotel - for business	I would definitely recommented it to someone who wants to go to Dubai .Grand millennium has a nice location - it's close to emirates mall - has a great service . It's room was clean and luxurious . Grand millennium's lobby is spectacular with big chandeliers .I think this hotel is more suitable for business trip than for vacations . The other disadvantage of the hotel is its small swimming pool.	
Jul 21 2009 	Long way to go for a 5-star hotel	Good news - personal service was very good - need to get their act together though with concierge services. We ended up paying taxi that they called for us which was the hotel's mistake. Room was satisfactoriy kept clean - but only one chocolate for 2 people. Restaurant food was ver good. Will recommend for short stay.Bad news - for a 5-star hotel - room was mediocre. Curtains were ill fitting with poor hardware - even roadside motels in the US have better curtains. Wallpaper were poorly done. Closet doors were also poorly built, the mirror fell off and broke into thousands of pieces, after the trim fell off. Wonder what else would fall down in the future! The shower cover on the tub did nothing to stop water from spilling over. The art work were cheap and poorly hung. Services written on binder does not match current restaurant services. No amenities close by due construction site, plus construction noise early in the morning is disconcerting.	
Jul 20 2009 	Lives up to its name - GRAND!!	The Grand Millennium is a hotel I will gladly recommend. It has all the comforts of a modern-day hotel with the service to match. Unfortunately, the location is not too special, but still well within a cab-ride to most destinations - however, getting a cab can be a challenge - thanks to the Concierge at the hotel, that was taken care of! The staff is courteous and helpful, and the rooms are nice. We had a room on the 17th floor with views of the Sheikh Zayed road.Try this hotel, and you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent room quality and service with restaurants to match - very comfortable.	Service extremely efficient and friendly. The room was always kept clean and tidy, very well-appointed for business use and with a comfortable King-size bed. Facilities and restaurants were likewise excellent and could not fault anything.Highly recommended	
Jul 3 2009 	Great choice	Was booked here by a local corporate client who use it for their staff. Great rooms and hotel, esp for the price, two restaurants with excellent food, a large and varied multinational lunch buffet, though a bit pricey. Very good service, indoor pool and other amenities. Hotel bus shuttles to beach and malls, but nothing near the hotel except construction. High speed inet isn't free or cheap, but ask for complimentary. Stayed an enjoyable week. Might want to avoid 17th floor, below the Toshi restaurant, where they hold occasional parties, but guest services had the sound system dialed back to inaudible within four minutes of my 1am complaint.	
Jun 12 2009 	not ready for "prime time"	this hotel is in the middle of a construction site with new projects on every side of it. There are 'zero' restaurants or shops for miles. The rooms are decent but the service is &quot;hit or miss&quot;.The concierge asked me to wait so he could deal with a KFC delivery man?Always some games getting connected to ithe nternet, just useless paying extra for club room as no other guests bothered to, hotel was almost empty.Millenium Hotel i Doha was complete joke, this one is little better.	
Apr 29 2009 	Good	the hotel rooms were good, good food, good price,	
Sep 27 2008 	Great Welcome and Nicely Designed Rooms	My partner and I booked 2 rooms at the Grand Millennium Dubai in May 2008 through HotelRooms.com and got an introductory rate which was one of the best for a luxurious hotel in Dubai.The hotel is located next to Dubai Marina, the Mall of the Emirates and the Palm Dubai with some nice views from the upper floors. We have been upgraded in a junior suite and the rooms are nicely designed.Breakfat was OK at the 1st floor restaurant; Buffet and live cooking area. Service was nice and staff was friendly. Small business center located next to the breakfast area along with a hairdresser. Good amenities in room and high pressure shower in the bathroom.I loved the floor to ceiling windows in the room with a nice view of the Palm Jumeirah and free parking around the hotel.	
Sep 17 2008 	not a 5 star hotel	I am not sure how they determine the number of stars for the hotels but if jumeriah beach hotel is 5 star this hotel should be no more than 2 star. pool area absolutly useless. lobby is very small compare to other 5* hotels. There is no place in hotel to hang out at night time. staffs not very frndly except couple of them......overall this hotel ruined my vaccation. wouldnt stay there any more.	
Mar 28 2009 	Bon hotel et excellent personel		
Jan 23 2009 	Très bon hôtel !!		
Dec 1 2008 	Excellent sur tt les niveaux		
