	if all hotels were like Ibis..?	what a stylish place this is! We needed a place to crash after arriving early from India. We were able to check in immediately (about 9a.m.) and I was in the bed within 10 minutes and it was well comfy. Had never been to Dubai before - took the stop-over option from Emirates. In short, Dubai is a bit tough to do on a budget as its all about the swank. The world trade centre is not really near anything else so we moved on to another Ibis next to the Mall of the Emirates the next morning. Although the price is as low as you could wish for, the public areas and rooms are very cool and modern and the staff could not have been friendlier/more helpful. T'internet is pricey but hey-ho.	
Nov 6 2009 	Expensive conference hotel.	I can't see why anyone would want to stay here unless they are attending an event at the World Trade Centre. It has absloutely zero charm. Reception staff took over 20 minutes to check each person in, blaming a &quot;new system&quot;. Bar is souless and pricey, restaurant is ok but nothing special. Internet access (essential in a business hotel) is extremely expensive. Rooms are small, actually no, they are tiny, I've stayed in bigger rooms in Tokyo! There is no parking at the hotel, or swimming pool or gym... all of these are available at extra cost at the nearby Novotel. During large events at the WTC, taxis no longer call at the hotel, you have to take shuttle busses to remote carparks and join the conference delegates queing for taxis.	
Oct 29 2009 	Basic price Basic service	Our arrival set a negative tone that we struggled to forget. The website had stated that the hotel had carparking but when we got there this turned out to be incorrect. No car park, no valet service. There was a multi storey near by but this would have costed us more than the room itself!. The reception staff were lacking in knowledge and language skills. They kept on saying ' the hotel has no parking' to whatever car based question I posed, but were unable to offer any suggestions on how to solve this problem. Eventually we got to speak to someone more knowledgable who directed us to some free parking. It is worth saying that the directions were incorrect and that without sat-nav we would have been totally screwed. The parking was free but 10 minutes walk in blistering heat back to the hotel. From the moment we first arrived to actually getting to the room this whole debacle had taken an hour!The lack of local knowledge and language skills impacted us not long after. We asked if the metro was open and were told yes. We then asked if there was a station nearby and were told yes. We then asked for directions. The directions were poor and made no mention of there being no pavement and a large highway in the way that was virtually imposible to cross. When we got close to the station it was nowhere near being finished with large scale construction taking place. We could not believe that they had directed us to a closed metro station and were livid after struggling to get there in the heat.The reality is that this is a cheap hotel with nicer rooms than you could probably get elsewhere for the price. Yes the rooms are tiny but they were clean and everything worked. The location will be excellent once the metro is fully working as the WTC will have a station and even until then is central between old Dubai and new. I'm sure we would have loved our stay had we not have had the unfortunate start. If you remind yourself that you are paying a very basic price then you'll probably be pleasently surprised. 	
Oct 18 2009 	Inexpensive but for a reason	I stayed at the Ibis WTC in Dubai for four nights in October 2009. Arriving late (or early) at about 4AM in the morning, reception staff was able to welcome me by name, as there were basically no other guests arriving or around in the lobby. I visited Dubai mainly for sightseeing and to check, whether a longer second trip with friends would be worthwhile.LOCATIONThe hotel forms part of the convention centre and allows for direct access to the centre through the lobby. Sheikh Zayed Road stretches out behind a block of apartments (World Trade Centre Apartments, if you go to the front of the apartments, there is a small supermarket). The World Trade Centre Metro station will be within walking distance of the hotel once it is opened to the public. Right now, the Financial Centre station is the nearest operational one. Being somebody who rather walks some minutes instead of taking public transport or taxis, I had to change this behaviour in Dubai, as pedestrians seem not to be part of road planning. Speaking of taxis, there are not always taxis waiting outside the hotel, so one might bear that in mind. I did write down some costs for taxi rides (might vary, but for some reference):Airport (terminal 1) - Ibis: 37AEDIbis - Bur Dubai near Ministry of Finance: 25AEDIbis - The Address hotel (near Burj Dubai, Dubai Mall): 15AEDIbis - Emirates Towers: 10AED (minimum fare)Ibis - Jumeirah Beach Hotel: 37AEDFinancial Centre Metro station - trade centre (2mins from hotel): 10AED (minimum fare)HOTEL / ROOMSThe hotel looks quite new from the outside. However, the interior and the romms show some use and abuse. As mentioned above, staff was very friendly and helpful (especially at the reception). I had breakfast at the hotel once (55AED, buffett style), which I found to be enough for my eating habits. The standard food was avalable: scrambled eggs, sausages, choice of bread, rolls and toast, some pastries, cereals, joghurts and fruit. The drink section featured apple and orange juice, milk, choice of tea and choice of coffee-based beverages. The breakfast area is not too large and might get a bit crowded at some times. There was also a limited &quot;early bird&quot; breakfast available in the lobby for 25AED. I can't comment on the restaurant, as I did eat out in the evenings. A hint regarding water: There is a machine selling bottles (0,5l) of cold still water for only 1AED (coins required!) on every floor.The room (637 in my case) was large enough for one person, but seemed to be a regular double room for single use. Please refer to the pictures for more details on the general look. The regular TV set (I spotted Arabic, English, French and German channels) and telephone were all there, but e.g. no hairdryer or safe. The bathroom was quite small and showed some signs of usage. Towels were provided of course, but not regularly changed during my stay, even with one towel being really dirty upon arrival. This also was the major flaw of the hotel during my stay: the bathroom was not properly cleaned and the shower head had to be used quite carefully to not fully destroy its mount. Additionally, the shower basin did leak, requiring at least one towel on the floor to prevent flooding.VERDICTAll in all my stay at the Ibis WTC was not too bad considering the rate (399AED/night) and the fact that I did only stay in my room to sleep and shower. However, given the flaws regarding that last part, I might look for another hotel for my next stay in Dubai, probably one being located near Old Town / Burj Dubai for expanded dining opportunities. Travellers who have to stay within a tight budget might find the Ibis to suit their needs, if not expecting too much.	
Oct 18 2009 	Give it a miss - there are much better options in Dubai	The hotel is clean and easy to navigate. The rooms are small, and the bathroom is quite cramped, but usable. I found the beds to be moderately uncomfortable.My biggest gripe with this hotel is the service. While I wouldn't expect over the top service for a hotel in this price range, the front desk staff are rude and unhelpful, and appeared annoyed when asked the most benign questions. Unfortunately this held true for all four desk clerks with whom I interacted. In my student days I also worked as a hotel desk clerk, and I know what a challenge the job can be, but this was unacceptable. When asked (on a Friday) where a certain item might be purchased, we were advised to go to shops in a specific area of Dubai - however no mention was made that all shops are closed on Fridays - we took a cab there only to find that nothing would be open for 2 days. When asked about exchanging money, we were given misinformation and advised to utilize the hotel exchange at poorer rates. And when our travel plans were disrupted and we found ourselves needing to stay an extra day, our rate suddenly went up significantly. As this is their perogative and we didn't wish to traipse around locating additional lodging, we paid it, but it is poor customer service. And the breakfast originally included in our stay suddenly was no longer available. Internet service is about $30 USD for 24 hours and is relatively slow (although not the worst that we have run into in hotels in this region).The location is convenient if you have meetings at the World Trade Center, but otherwise the hotel is not particularly well located for a visitor - it is far from any amenities, leaving you at the mercy of the hotel restaurant (mediocre at best) and what little is offered in the hotel gift shop. If you are traveling for business and it's location suits you, then it is clean and inexpensive, and likely adequate. If you are traveling as a tourist, I would recommend finding something located in Deira for local atmosphere and convenience to the Souks and areas of Bur Dubai, or else somewhere along the coast for a more resort-feel.We stayed in another hotel in Deira for several days previously and found that to be much more convenient in location, as well as more service-oriented. Given the number of hotels in this town, I would advise anyone considering this hotel to look elsewhere.	
Oct 15 2009 	Economical Hotel for Business Stay	I stayed there for 480 Dh. Convenient location, although it is quite annoying when there are conferences you cannot catch taxis from the hotel entrance and have to be shuttled to a taxi stand. The Chianti bar in the lobby is ok and the pasta bar night is quite pleasant. The room is compact, economical, and reasonably clean. The internet is priced at 100 Dh for 24 hours - a rip off but standard for Dubai. Not too far from Bur Dubai and other entertainment districts in Dubai.	
Sep 28 2009 	comfortable nice and affordable hotel...	second time in dubai, my friend suggest me staying in this hotel coz its affordable.. and its true.. well as we went inside, the lobby was so quiet coz its evening already at past 10pm. the receptionist was attentive and always smiling. Cant believe it was so easy to check-in unlike some luxury hotels. Me and my wife was so tired that time and ask for room service, and unfortunately, they dont have that kind of service. Reason? no idea. Its good thing that the lobby restaurant was still open for some last minute order. Wine is fine, but I hope the staff knows if its dry bodied or medium. And my favorite mexican style beer, they cant make it nice.. Cant find the true taste of what they made. First time mexican beer with a slice of lime inside the beer. Complaint about it but still they cannot make it right when it was so simple.As we went for our room, shock coz it was so small but it was fine. Staying there for 2 nights is fine. Although there is a problem with the bathroom coz the door in the shower area was leaking and need to use a towel inside the bathroom or else u will be slipped. They should try another alternative for that soon.Rest of our stay was great i may say..	
Aug 13 2009 	Good value great breakfast buffet!	I stayed here solo on vacation, thought the location was decent - Sheik Zayed Rd. Perfect if you are attending a convention as the centre is connected to the hotel.Staff were very helpful and friendly, they gave me a huge corner room. The room itself was clean, big bed, bathroom was a tad small and the shower leaked on to the floor.The lobby was nice, they offered pastries and tea/coffee every morning there. The main restaurant had a great complimentary breakfast buffet - lots of very good food to choose from.Shuttle service to and from the malls and beach are a great free service, take advantage of it and save on cab fares.And a little hint to those complaining about the lack of internet service: There are a number of free kiosks in the convention centre adjacent to the Ibis.I'd also recommend using the concierge to book excursions - the desert safari was awesome!If this hotel was on the beach it would be perfect. It is a business class hotel and not as luxurious as some of the others in Dubai, but you get what you pay for!	
Aug 5 2009 	Functional 	Location : Hotel is close to the airport . The taxi charged us AED 44. Depending on tariff, the hotel gives u free drop &amp; pick up from the airport. The hotel gives u free Bus service ( 5 trips a day) to Jumerah, Mall of Emirates &amp; one more mall. This saves transportation cost. Being a business area, there are no shops for groceries, toiletories, snacks or cold drinks. No restaurants except ones in the hotels. There is no light life in this area.Description : The hotel is located next to the WTC. Its very useful for conferences in WTC. We paid Rs.11500 ~ AED 884 ( 2 people 4D/3N with breakfast) during the July heat. The lobby is good. There is minimal service given. You carry own luggage to the rooms. Drinking water can be bought thru a dispenser on each floor. You can collect ice from the bar for free. Non veg breakfast is good. There is minimal choice for vegetarians. The swimming pool is chargeable &amp; is shared with the adjoining hotel. Could not find the gym but it is also shared. The safe box is at the lobby. The rooms are small , compact &amp; functional. The TV channels cater to the European customer &amp; not much choice for Asians. The hotel staff helped us with recommending places &amp; gave accesories like electric adapters for our chargers. ( They use the square sockets)Taxis keep plying around the area but its better to have a contact / book a taxi in advance &amp; not depend on one to just pass by.  Recommended for Business Traveller. Not for Leisure trips or people who want to walk in the surroundings or shop for small items. Car or transportis absolutely essential	
Jul 31 2009 	Not the same hotel...	Still a clean hotel for around $100 per night. Now the downside, NO more free shuttle to and from the airport. &quot;Yes&quot; as the front desk clerk stated &quot;we are internet accessible&quot; of course at the cost of $30 per night. $30 per night for internet!!! Their reasonable breakfast (which was good) $15.I have traveled to some modern cities and have not paid that for a nice room with WIFI included. Second time at the Ibis and will probably be the last.	
Jun 7 2009 	great value clean well located and quiet hotel	I spent 7 nights in this hotel and was very pleased. The price was great for Dubai (£60 including breakfast). The room was big enough and though the bathroom was small it was big enough.The room was cleaned very well indeed. The staff were very friendly. The manager on the reception desk (my guess was he is Egyptian) was really nice. He was always smiling and joking and very helpful.The breakfast was really good though on some mornings it was really busy. The rooms were really well insulated. No noise from the corridor, or from the adjacent rooms. This makes a really refreshing change from many hotels I have stayed at.It is well located.Yes, the rooms are not huge but they are more fine. I would happily stay there again.	
May 30 2009 	Nothing Great...	Me and my husband wanted a quick gateaway for the new years to Dubai for 3 days. The average cost at that time of the year was about INR5000 which was well worth the price. Rooms are extreemly small but clean. No room service avalaibe, but u can go to the reception order food and collect it yourself at any time of the day. Getting a cab was alright but still a lil difficult as the frequency of the same is less. I would recoomend it to young couples who dont mind walking up a bit to get to the sheikh zaid road and u get ample cabs from crowne plaza. You need to buy your own water as they dont have any mini bar service in the rooms. considering dubai , i would reccomend to look for more options for people who want a comfortabel stay.	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent hotel; great value	I really liked staying here as the hotel was very well located, had good restaurants and had very good service. While it was a very functional hotel, I'd recommend it for family stay also purely because of the cleanliness and convenience.	
Apr 15 2009 	Very worn	Booked this hotel after reading Tripadvisor and it was cheap but not so cheerful. Excellent location, pleasant reception area and staff but didn't even take luggage into the room. It was a medium size room (room to walk around the bed) but it was so worn and shabby with a tiny bathroom. The furniture was dark wood and heavily knocked about and a bed with very flat pillows . It looked clean but we didn't stay long enough to look too closely and moved to the sister hotel the Novotel which the IBIS arranged for us. They were very understanding and the transition went very smoothly.	
Mar 9 2009 	Worst service ever!!!!	The Ibis World Trade Centre is a disgrace to the Accor brand. The lack of customer service was shocking. I will never stay in another Ibis property because of the treatment I recieved at the Ibis World Trade Centre - do yourself a favour and book somewhere else!	
Jan 6 2009 	Excellent value for money!	We stayed here over the New Year period. Excellent value for money. I originally booked with an Accor membership rate which was the lowest I could find. On arrival, we noticed a board outside offering the rate of the day, which was lower than our booked rate. On request, they were happy to give us the lower rate.The public areas of the hotel, the café/bar and the restaurant are all very stylish and I would rate these at a 4 star level.The bedrooms were also fitted out with the same standards. The only issues we had were that the room was very small (which we knew going in) and the TV reception was poor. Also our shower cubicle leaked but was promptly attended to. Standards of service was high and cleanliness could not be faulted.Only issues we had with location (again we knew of this) were the lack of restaurants within walking distance. There are no porters at this hotel. The tour desk was very helpful and at the time of our stay, taxis were easy to get.Overall, a very enjoyable experience and definitely recommended as a value for money stay in an overpriced market.	
Jan 3 2009 	Such a pleasureable stay for a fantastic value!	After having a very poor hotel experience elsewhere, we so pleased that we managed to book last minute at the ibis World Trade Centre. We stayed for 3 nights and were so impressed that for the same price that we paid at the other hotel, we received SO MUCH MORE at the ibis! The staff were all extremely friendly and accommodating, and the amenities, though basic, were all available. The lobby was large, well lit, and well decorated with many different areas to sit and relax. The room was clean and quite, and the interior was smartly laid out making a small room adequate for 2 people and our luggage. We took the free shuttles to the mall, beach, and airport, which were a great service. We will definitely stay there again recommend this hotel to our family and friends. Great job ibis!	
Dec 3 2008 	Nice hotel but lacks few important services	I spent 3 nights at Ibis and my first impression about the hotel was really good. Rooms are really neat &amp; modern. I got good deal because I booked the hotel when there was no conference/event happening in adjoining convention center because thats the time when prices go up by almost 70%. I paid around 450 dh per night which I believe was very good value for money considering what other 3 star hotels were offering.They have 1 italian restaurant plus 24 hour bar.Here is the summary:Good Points:1. Very good location - starting of shiekh zayed road so you get good view of skyscrapers2. Free shuttle from &amp; to the airport every hour - saves money3. Free shuttle service to 3 malls &amp; jumeira beach4. Adjoining convention center - very good for business travellers participating in any event or exhibition thereBad Points:1. No room service - you have to pick up everything from the lobby2. No newspaper in the room - basic requirement for a business hotel3. Poor taxi service in front of the hotel4. Very small toilet but it is very neat &amp; modernAll said &amp; done, it was still a good stay for us and we dont mind there going again provided we get the same deal we got this time.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Value in Dubai	My Husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the Ibis World Trade Centre in August 2008. The hotel is great value for the price with clean linin, comfortable rooms and very friendly service with a smile. It was the one place in Dubai where as a Western women, I was not stared at as though I was a leper. A great find and somewhere I would recommend and return to if I ever go back to Dubai.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great value	Excellent for a business stay, - on the same site as the exhibition centre.Clean sheets on the bed each day, reliable internet connection.The bar service is second to noneHighly recommended for the price	
Sep 8 2008 	Good Service	This Hotel was really nice and clean, bedding and sheets were changed every day!!!! The rooms were compact but ideal for a short stay. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The only downfall was it would have been nice to have Tea and Coffee making facilities in the room.	
Jun 25 2008 	Ibis needs a pool!!!	The cheapest hotel I could find and quite impressed...Almost 5 star service..Beautiful clean rooms..Free shuttle to and from Hotel and to a number of large shopping malls..Only way to get around Dubai is by taxi which adds up..The heat here is something you have never felt and a bit of a shame that there is NO pool..Would prob advise you to spend a little more and find a hotel with a pool... Its just incredibly HOT!!!!MUST DO::: DESERT ARABIAN SAFARI its a incredible highlight	
May 15 2008	Awful avoid at all costs	Having stayed at the Novotel before, I thought the Ibis with its international reputation would be also good. Wrong.Firstly, it is not that much cheaper (if at all) than the Novotel. The main problems are that there is no room service, very slow laundry service, poor internet connection and the rooms are like student accommodation with awful bathrooms (just shower). Most annoyingly, there are no bell boys as this is not &quot;ibis policy&quot; despite the fact of very affordable labour in Dubai and that many staff who look like bell boys, stand around doing nothing. One plus point - they serve strongbow.	
May 3 2008	Not so great.	I booked at $126/night at ibis.com website. I decided to stay another night. They raised priced to $153, even though it was still $126 on online and simply denied that was the case.&quot;The room rate fluctuates everyday,&quot; front desk person says, but not the case online at all. My experience with other hotels is that they continue to honor the online price when you decide to stay longer. Not here.  No parking. There's paid, hourly parking nearby. There's a tiny free lot next to the building but always full. Internet is $22 a day and of course they don't bother to tell you that free wireless access streams in from World Trade Center next door. Oh, you forgot to bring your laptop? No problem. there are computers you can use, at $22 AN HOUR! (I exchanging the rate at the fixed rate of 3.67 dhs per USD) Breakfast, just an ordinary buffet, $18. They even charge for using the pool at Novotel next door. My impression of IBIS hotels in Europe (mostly Germany) was that they weren't so greedy, trying to pile up charges every which way they can. I remember free laptop connected to internet in every IBIS in Germany. No such thing here. Attitude at front desk: take it or leave it. We really don't give a hoot what you think, which I think is understandable because they have steady stream of convention goers at the Trade Center.Rooms, old and rundown, and tiny. Showerhead loose and kept swiveling back to the side. Sink cloggs. Wood moldings chipped. Carpet old. Not within walking distance of anywhere, such as supermarkets and convenience stores. They have you captive here and forced to buy everything from them at high prices. I guess ideal as far as price for someone attending the Trade Center, but if you need to work on the Internet in your room and eat in the hotel all the time, plan to spend a lot more than just the room rate.	
Apr 16 2008 	Good budget hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 1 night on our return to Dubai from Muscat in Oman. There is no comparision between this hotel and this Arabian Courtyard which we stayed in first. The room is small and basic but perfectly functionable. There is an Italian restaurant in the hotel where we had our lunch and I have to say that it was delicious. We had the buffet breakfast which was extra to the €100 we paid for the room. Typical buffet but nice and filling. We were able to leave our luggage in the secure left luggage room for the whole day which was a great bonus and there was also a complimentary shuttle bus to the airport which saved us another few dirhams – liked these services. As an affordable hotel in Dubai it is great – you get what you pay for really. You are located in Sheik Zayed Road so near the malls and Jumeriah beach. We stayed in the Arabian Courtyard for approx €140 so for the extra €40 (which actually included breakfast) I think it is worth paying that little bit extra due to the superiority of the hotel.	
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent choice if you're on a budget	Dubai is full of very expensive, very luxurious hotels but if you need a clean, modern, inexpensive place to stay, Ibis is an excellent choice. There seems to be a big gulf between the vast majority of hotels charging a lot of money per night and so-called &quot;budget&quot; hotels so Ibis made a wise choice building one here! But this isn't a budget hotel in the traditional sense - it's a solid 3* in my opinion with well-equipped rooms, a fashionable Phillipe Stark reception area, internet facilities, knowledgeable concierge, decent restaurant and a very good breakfast that was included in our £75 room charge. It's part of the World Trade Centre complex and is equidistant between Jumeirah and Deira. Taxis are plentiful and cheap. Highly recommended.	
Mar 31 2008 	Average Hotel that won't break the bank	Modern Hotel in the centre of Dubai's World Trade Centre south of the Creek and in a modern built up area. The accommodation is fairly basic ( rather like a UK travelodge ) but it is clean and reasonably priced. Suitable for tourists on a budget when compared to the upmarket and very expensive 5* hotels on the beachfront. Taxi's are cheap and will take you to all the major areas for around AED 15.00 such as the &quot;Abra&quot; (or ferry) across the Dubai Creek. Restaurants and bars within the adjacent Centre and highly recommended for a short stay. Smoking and non-smoking rooms available.	
Mar 26 2008 	Excellent service perfect location	It is an Ibis above average Ibis standards. The hall is huge. There is a concierge which will help with information on the city, travel bokings &amp; shuttle timetables. There is a free shuttle to the airport &amp; several shopping malls, very useful, just ask for the timetable beforehand, or as you arrive at termial 1 look for the man with the Accorhotel (novotel &amp; ibis) sign. The rooms aren't that small, maybe they are to dubai standards, but not to european. It is not the cleanest I've been to but it's fine. Excellent service providing hairdryer &amp; plug adaptor. The location is very convenient, even if you don't go to the trade centre, there are a couple of cafes, there's a pharmacy and ATMs, and some internet kiosks. No luxury spa, but you may use the swimming pool at the Novotel for a charge. Breakfast we didn't take, quite expensive for dubai. For the price, get a cab and go to Bastikaya for a true arabain breakfast experience. The location is great to aviod rush hour traffic jams, though it may take a while to get a cab sometimes. Beware of taxis in dubai, they'll take you around with the only purpose of making the trip longer, as they charge on a gps-distance-measure basis, so if you're stuck in a traffic jam, the meter doesn't move. The more you move, the more they charge. Excellent choice, basic but fine hotel, good price (for dubai) efficient service. Definitely to be recommended.	
Mar 16 2008 	Perfect for a short business stay	I stayed there for 4 nights for an international exhibition in World Trade Center of Dubai. It's just 2 minutes walking distance from the exhibition hall and it's the best way preventing from rush hour traffic jam in Dubai. The hotel was clean but the rooms were so simple and a little small. Internet connection was around 30 USD for 24 hours and speed is average. The reception staff was not so kind but still helpful. The breakfast were good but they don't have so much alternatives to choose. The nightly cost of the hotel is reasonable compare with other hotels in Dubai. Also, they have free bus service to three different shopping malls three times in a day. In the last day of my stay, i attended a safari tour by 70 USD per person and it was amazing. It includes dessert 4x4 tour, barbecue dinner and other entertainments. I strongly recommend this hotel for exhibition visitors in world trade center.	
Feb 18 2008 	Best Ibis I´ve stayed at	Having stayed there in May 2007 already, I decided to come back in October and rightly so. This time, the free airport-pickup was quicker than last time, staff as friendly and helpful as I was used to. Organising trips, offering to keep baggage overnight in the baggage room whilst you are on tour -all no problem. Rooms are clean, with big and comfy beds, all quite spacious given that this hotel ranks at the lower end of Dubai´s hotel rates. I would always stay there again and can only recommend this place - that is if you are looking for a &quot;normal&quot; hotel in Dubai and not one trying to compete with the Burj.	
Jan 30 2008	Simple clean and good value	For the traveller who would prefer to get out of their hotel room and explore a city, the Ibis is perfect. The price is good value, the rooms are clean and well-appointed and the breakfast is fine. Taxis in Dubai are dirt-cheap so we loved the Ibis as more of our money was spent out and about eating, drinking, shopping, etc. It was simply a clean, safe place to sleep and re-fuel, and for that is was perfect. Tip: Hunt around online for better prices than booking directly with the hotel.	
Jan 11 2008 	Dubai Dubai	Has an airport pickup service and shuttle to mall of emirates. Good location. Rooms are standard but clean, neat and well equipped. The bathroom is tiny but not that bad. Room smelled like smoke but other than that had a good experience. Breakfast is excellent.	
Nov 14 2007 	The Ibis was great!	This hotel was great from the very beginning. As we emerged from the airport there was a free shuttle bus taking you to the hotel. The rooms were small, but very clean and modern. The buffet breakfast was about 15AUD and was very good. The hotel also had a free shuttle bus to all the main shopping centres and some tourist attractions.Overall, I would most def stay here again. I think we paid about 120AUD a night booked on Expedia. We were very happy with the Ibis.	
Nov 13 2007 	very simple	This hotel is next Sheikh Zayed Road if you are biz traveller its good location. It is very simple accomodation especially the bathroom is soo small it needs re-decorating and proper cleaning. I didn't like the bed too much. Price if there's no exhibition next door is usually pretty good for Dubai prices can go down to 325 aed in summer even less. If u need just 2 nights and will be most of the time out it is ok budget hotel.	
Oct 14 2007 	Disappointing Ibis	We just stayed for two days at the Ibis Trade Centre Hotel in Dubai. It was very disappointing.It started from our arrival by car. Ibis has a small lot next door that can fit approximately 10 cars (and the hotel has more than 200 rooms!). There is no valet service. If the small lot is full, you must park a few minutes down the road and pay an hourly rate as well. The hotel will not validate that parking.After we parked, we were helped by an indifferent attendant at the check-in desk. At check-out, it was the same treatment. Also know that this hotel is quite remote in a convention center area. You will have to drive or take a taxi for any needs.The only good point is that the rate at 475 Dhs per night is very reaosnable by Dubai standards, and your room will probably be clean, safe if not extremely basic.	
Aug 30 2007 	Best Value in Dubai	My wife &amp; I had an amazing 3 weeks in Dubai. We manage to shop till I dropped but also enjoyed the culture of this city. This is an ideal place to access the best shopping and sites ie. Mall of the Emirates, Mercato Mall, Ibn Battuta Mall, Burjamen Centre, Wafi City, Burj Al Arab, Wild Wadi, Souk Madinat, Gold &amp; Spice Souk, Diera City Centre, Bur Dubai Souk, Dubai Museum, Bastakia Quarters, Hindi Lane, Grand Mosque. The hotel is placed between Bur Dubai and Diera districts. The room is very clean but small. Who cares! You will be out on the town most of the time. My tip utilise the free shuttle bus to and from the airport and shopping malls. If you are going to Ibn Battuta Mall or Burj Al Arab catch the free Ibis shuttle bus to Mall of the Emirates then catch a taxi. We also stayed at the Sheraton Dubai Creek which was incredible but the next time I come back to Dubai my wife &amp; I will come to this hotel. You can't beat the best location and VALUE FOR MONEY between Bur Dubai &amp; Diera!!!!!RegardsTwo Aussie Travellers	
Aug 11 2007 	Small hotel decent for short stay	I stayed at this hotel for one night. Decent price compared to Dubai standards. special weekend stay of AED 333 without breakfast.Right next to Dubai Convention Hall and Trade Center. No shops nearby. Check in and Chek out was smooth. Normal check out is 12 noon but they were kind enough to extend check out at 2 pm. If you have a car, parking could be a problem as the space is very less. U might have to use the paid parking ( about AED 5 per hour ). Free in the night till 6 am but confirm anyway at the parking.Rooms are small, clean. Bathroom is small. No tub. Novotel hotel is right behind the hotel just a door away. No pool here at the Ibis but can use the pool of Novotel for AED 20 or AED 25. There is nice Jazzbar at the Novotel.Located at the Downtown sheikh zayed rd. The opposite side of the main road is lively with decent restaurants, holiday inn, fairmont etc.Dubai is very safe any time day and night.	
Jul 11 2007 	Good for Bussiness only	I read all reviews about this hotel and I fell in love with it but when I stayed in the hotel the idea of it had changed.Like:1- Free ride to the Airport, and this is what I like the most.2- Close to the World Trade Center (by walking).3- Laundry and maintenace service are EXCELLENT.4- Good price.Dislike:1- Room is not small but TINY.2- Chair and desk are not so good.3- Guest must carry his/her bags to the room, nobody will carry those for you and won't anyone from staff will help you. I traveled around and stayed at 3* hotels but staff carried my bags. I don't know what is wrong with this hotel.4- Nothing close by, guest can' t go by walking and must take a taxi all the time. (for me I prefer to walk most of the time)5- no swimming pool nor business center.For me I will rate Ibis World Trade Center as (0.5*-1*) , what do you think?	
Jul 9 2007 	great value clean convenient	great for a short stay, very good value compared to other hotels for the same price in Dubai. Very clean and modern although room was quite small. keep in mind this is a business hotel therefore there is no room service or other hotel amenities but there is a great breakfast buffet.	
Jul 6 2007	good hotel/location	We have just got back from the IBIS and would say that this is a 3* hotel. The room were modern and clean but very small. The reception area was very nice. Good central hotel and ideal for 1st time visitors to see Dubai.We had no problems getting taxi either	
May 18 2007 	Good location and value	Booked the hotel using lastminute dot com for 5 days between 12-17 May 2007.Probably the cheapest you can get for this part of town and it is in a more favourable than Deira, particulalry if you are likely to spendmore time in the Jumerirah beach resorts.A bus service collects from the airport hourly. However, I did not use it because a friend picked me up. It is worthwhile using because taxi journeys from the airport carry a special surcharge (20Dhs = £3). Journey time is about 10-15 minutes depending on traffic.Nice clean lobby area at the hotel with sofas and coffee tables for loafing around. Three internet terminals are available but not many people use it, probably because of the cost (was 24Dhs=£3.50 for 20 minutes or 72Dhs=£10 for 1 hour). Not sure what the price was for wireless.Room was clean though starting to get a bit scuffy. Shower leaked a bit but it wasn't much of a problem. Air conditioning very effective.The only disappointments were the lack of tea/coffee making facilities and the lack of English TV channels (a news channel sould have been nice).There's a small bar which is fairly busy and open 24-7. I only used it once and the prices seemed reasonable. Snacks are ordered here (sandwiches/fries etc). The Italian restaurant next door closes at midnight and I'm told it is reasonably good. A cafe is located a short walk inside the adjacnt convention centre and serves coffees and pre-prepared sandwiches and cakes etc..There's a small shop with post cards, maps, books, magazines. I bought a map there which was quite expensive.Breakfast in the hotel is buffet style and nothing spectacular. A choice of three cereals (cornflakes, museli or all bran), selection of yoghurts, fresh fruit salad, croissants, white and brown bread toast, fresh orange and apple juice, tea and coffee, cold meats and cheeses....The cooked breakfast didn't look that appetising and consisted of potato cakes/hash browns, beef bacon, sausages, beans and scrambled or fryed egg. The sausages looked like the economy ones out of Asda (Wall Mart)!!! Overall I was fairly happy with it and all the cutlery was clean. Coffee tasted quite nice too..The Novotel is a 5 minute walk through the exibition centre and I'm told you can use their facilities at cost. Taxis are very frequent and it costs an average of 21Dhs=£3 to get to most of the large shopping centres. There are several free bus services but the're not always that frequent so I took taxis for convenience, particulalry when returning to the hotel. Note that a Taxi to Wild Wadi Water Park(next to Jumeira Beach Hotel) is around 35Dhs= £5.Overall I would recommend this Hotel to anyone who wants the guarrantee of a quiet hotel, close to all the major shopping centres but at a modest price.The only downside besides the ones already mentioned is that there are no local shops where you can pick up water, snacks, or drinks after midnight. You have to make do with the bar food and drinks which obviously are going to cost more.	
May 8 2007	Good Value Easy Convenient	Modern Ibis (2/3 star?) near the bottom of SZ road, half way between old dubai and new dubai - but everywhere is always just a short 5-15 mins taxi-ride away. Part of the WTC Exhibition Centre complex, and also attached to Novotel.I arrived very late and hungry, and discovered restauarnt closed and no room service. The reception do provide snack meals which you can eat in the reception or take up to your room. Breafast buffet is good, plentiful choice etc. We did eat in the adjoining Novotel restaurant one night - their international buffet was good.. Plenty of other hotel restaurants to sample nearby if you want a variety, remembering that taxis are plentiful and cheap.Rooms are small, shower only, no bath, no room to leave suitcase out or even an ironing board. However, everything you need is provided, and is very clean and modern.I was initially underwhelmed by the hotel, but after a few days realised that we were out and about and eating out most of the time, so the hotel was simply a good value place to sleep and take breakfast. Internet is usual rip-off pricing - forget it.Summary - good value, clean, modern hotel.	
Apr 30 2007 	couldnt even get a reservation	I have done the research and loved the reviews of this hotel. Couldntget any information from the website for current rates or availability so i called and was transfered between reception and reservations 3 times before someone was able to actually speak to me.I was told i couldnt get into any of the rooms as my husband and i have one set of 3 yr old twins, and they only have one queen size bedper room. although they ran through the 'formalities of yes ma'm no ma'm' i did think they werent too interested if they gained a customer or not.	
Apr 24 2007 	EXCELLENT	Our family of 4 stayed at the Ibis in two rooms for 2 nights. The hotel is in a good location, away from the hussle but within easy reach to everywhere by taxi, which is by the way a very cheap way of getting around in Dubai.The rooms were very clean and the staff very polite and helpful.They have a free shuttle bus running every hour to/from the airport, as well as shuttle service to other tourist destinations.Only minus was the cost of using the internet at the foyer, AUD$8 per 20 minutes.	
Mar 28 2007 	Don't bother!	I have stayed at Novotel Dubai which is IbIs’s sister hotel few times already, but this was the first time I stayed at Ibis. Novotel and Ibis are close to the Trade Center and are next door to each other. Dubai is an expensive city so this is the cheapest yet decent hotel you can get for the price. Just to give you an idea we paid almost 500 Dhs which is about $140 USD which included breakfast. This was a corporate rate, otherwise it would have been about 600. It’s quite a lot for a hotel such as Ibis but not much for a hotel in Dubai.Here are some points to help you decide if you would like to stay here. If you are on a budget this might be your best bet, I wouldn’t recommend any other cheap hotels based on what I’ve heard:• Rooms are clean but VERY small• Not the best pillows or mattress• No mini-bar, coffee maker and NO hairdryer in the rooms•NO PARKING, which was insane and we had to pay an additional 60 Dhs/night for parking •Not the friendliest and most efficient staff but again you are UAE and can’t ask for more.•VERY SMALL SHOWER, no BATH TUB•Only one restaurant which has a buffet so if you just want a light meal, you have to go out. We walked to Novotel and had a nice dinner at Lotus.Would I stay there again? probably not. I would rather pay a little extra and stay at Novotel next door which has a nice bar, few restaurants, parking, swimming pool and a proper shower and mini bar in the room.	
Mar 25 2007 	Good value halfway between old and new cities	We arrived at 6am with room only booked for the next night. Helpful staff let us put our luggage in secure storage while we looked around the city. We returned at 10am and our room was ready (theoretically checkin is 12noon). Room was good although no view to speak of.Staff were helpful throughout our visit, and do note there are free shuttle buses to the 3 biggest malls (approx every 2 hours) as well as hourly shuttle buses to *and from* the airport.Ibis is about 10 minutes' taxi from the old city and the creek. Equally it's about 10 minutes' taxi from the new city, sites like the Burj Al Arab hotel and the &quot;Mall of the Emirates&quot; which contains Ski Dubai. All these timings are weekend timings, apparently things slow down a lot during weekday rush hours. You can also walk to the &quot;avenue&quot; of incredibly high rise buildings, takes about 10 minutes although they are rather soulless when you get there. Joggers can happily jog around the world trade centre block (Ibis, conference centre, Novotel) - we did, it takes about 15 minutes. However, there's not much else in the area unless you take a taxi; one passes the front door every couple of minutes.At £50 our room was good value. However, as budget travellers / backpackers, we may be tempted to stay in Bur Dubai (neer the creek) next time for closer proximity to the incredibly cheap Indian food in that area, and the souks. Business travellers or people with a reasonable budget will find it excellent value.	
Feb 10 2007 	A solid value	The Ibis Hotel at the World Trade Center in Dubai is probably one of the best value in Dubai. The Hotel is of a modern concept and clean. The guests are mostly business men attending trade fairs or transit guests looking for a clean and convenient accommodation for a couple of hours. The Ibis hotel is situated at the Exhibition Centre on Sheikh Zaid Road. There are traffic jams when people are going to work. The 10 Kilometer ride from the airport can take up to 45 minutes. There is not much around the hotel. Emirates Towers can be reached in 10 minutes by walk. Restaurants and shops at the Emirates Towers are expensive. There a couple of restaurants at the Ibis hotel or at the Novotel. The Novotel is situated at the other exit of the exhibition hall. Breakfast at the Ibis is very basic for AED 45.--. The better choice is the buffet at the Novotel for AED 70.— offering a wide selection of cold cuts incl. smoked salmon, Arabic fare, muesli, fruits and freshly cooked eggs. The hotel offers free transportation from the airport leaving every half an hour. A free shuttle bus service is also offered to City Centre (Deira), Mall of the Emirates (Shopping Centre with ski slope) and Mercato Market in Jumeira. The rooms are basic and clean; but pretty small. They have a large writing desk, big enough to work comfortably. Wifi service is payable. The bath rooms have only shower cabins. Little extras such as shampoo are provided by dispenser, if not empty as it was during my last stay. There is no swimming pool nor fitness facility at the hotel. The standard of the rooms is well above those seen in Ibis hotely in Europe. The Ibis is a good and solid value. Especially during winter months it is difficult to get a simliar standard at the same price in another hotel. The Ibis is often fully booked, it is therefore recommended to book early.	
Jan 9 2007 	Fantastic hotel very clean brilliant value	This hotel is great, like a travel lodge but loads nicer. Small rooms, but v clean, comfy bed too! Hotel has a small but smart bar, a huge reception, great staff, lovely breakfast area, good food,inc in the price, only paid £75 a night in dec 2006Only £3 to get into town, v frequent taxis.This doesnt have a pool, this is just a place to stay at night rather than stay during the day.Very impressed, would definitely stay again.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great price Good Location	Stayed here for Dubai Rugby7's. Perfect location for all Dubai has to offer. Small rooms but adequate and clean.Bar and restaurant downstairs are ok. Bar could do with being bigger. Taxis are always available and waiting outside the hotel.Value for money.	
Dec 3 2006 	Pleasantly Surprised by This One!	I arrived about 7.30am in the morning after a 14 hour flight from Australia and was informed that check-in was 2pm, but that they would do their best to get me in earlier. I was happy to accept this and expected to have to go out feeling rather the worse for wear. At approximately 8.30am I was informed I could take my room and I was able to have a good rest before hitting the sights. I was not charged extra and I was extremely grateful that they did this, although no doubt they were keen to remove the tired-looking bedraggled traveler reclining sleepily in their foyer! I found the staff exceptionally friendly, helpful and polite, except for one snooty one who thankfully I had very little to do with. I was however quite perplexed by the fact that they did not advertise anywhere that they offer a free coach service to a number of Dubai malls and the beach area. The cabs in Dubai are inexpensive, but still, it is more convenient to take a coach from your hotel rather than try and flag down a cab in the heat. The Ibis is not far – but still a decent cab ride – from the main attractions. The breakfast was excellent and I popped into the lovely Cubo bar for drinks and snacks one afternoon. The rooms are basic but very clean. I’ve definitely had smaller. As this hotel is at the lower cost end (but still expensive for Australians staying there) I think it offers excellent accommodation and a high quality of service. I stayed there for two nights, transiting to Morocco, but maybe if you are looking for something more comfortable (there is no ‘view’ to speak of and the basicness of the room might get to you after a while) you could go elsewhere but it would cost you an arm and a leg. I was a woman travelling alone and felt very safe and looked after here. The airport pick ups and dropoffs were very efficient also.	
Oct 16 2006 	Good value for money	Spent 5 nights here in early October during Ramadan. Although rooms are small they are very comfortable and modern. Very quiet, good restaurants attached and able to use Novotel facilities. Good location and excellent shuttle bus service to malls, beach etc. Staff friendly and helpful.	
Oct 2 2006	Perfect Economy Hotel	Lovely Hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpfull. Room was a bit on the small side but that is the only minor complaint. For an economy hotel, it far exceeded our expectations. Would definately stay again.	
Jun 24 2006 	Just the job	I was in Dubai on business and this hotel was perfect. Staff were helpful, room was basic but more than enough for the business traveller. The food in the italian restaurant was great value and just the job after a days work. The concierge was especially helpful when trying to plan non-business activities.	
May 30 2006 	Clean basic - does the job	Stayed in the Ibis 12th - 26th May 2006.travelling on my own, on business the room was adequate. storage would be a problem for more than one person, as i dare say, would be the size of the room.on check in i asked for a room with no adjoining door as they are quieter. i was allocated on, but the guy behind the counter changed it. went up to my room... adjoining door! went back to reception and the room was changed immediately.the hotel seems to have very few non smoking rooms. i was in a smoking room but there was no real smell.the rooms are very basic.... but are clean and relatively quiet.the breakfast's are ok, without being spectacular.never ate at any of the restaurants in the hotel at night. preferred to make my way in to dubai city center, or walk over towards the emirates towers and the many hotels in that direction.the tv in the room is excellent with lots of sports / movies to watchthere is no pool / gym, you can use the novotel a couple of hundred yards away for 20Dirhams a day.surprisingly there was no internet access in your room. strange for a business hotel. you hasd to go to reception, and then buy a wireless pre-paid card from the gift shop, another 20 Dirhams.overall, i would stay here for business, but for a holiday? no way.	
May 4 2006	Not a dream hotel ... but good enough	The Ibis is not a dream hotel ... Rooms are very similar to what you would get in an Ibis hotel in Europe.It's good value for money, especially for Dubai. They provide free transfer from the airport on request. Very convenient.	
Apr 17 2006	Perfect in Every Way	Absolutely as good as 5-star quality hotel- I could not fault it. The hotel is spotless and the staff magnificent, very friendly and helpful. I was sick whilst there and the hotel manager even telephoned our room to ask if there was anything the hotel could do to help. You can't get better than that for service. The hotel is situated out of the main shopping area but there is a hotel shuttle bus to trandport you and taxis are very cheap and plentiful. We arrived in Dubai at 1.30 am and the Ibis representative was waiting for us at the airport. We were put immediately onto the shuttle bus and transported to the hotel. Anyone who isn't satisfied wouldn't be happy in a palace. I would unhesitatingly recommend this hotel for couples or business people.	
Mar 19 2006 	What a wonderful economy hotel!	No, this is not a resort hotel and for those who wrote critical reviews - shame on them!I had to go to Dubai last week for a continuing education exam. I wasn't with my family, and I didn't need a pool to lounge by. What I got was a wonderfully priced business hotel (385 Dirhams)that was clean and exceeded all of my expectations.The room was small, but it had a king size bed, built in desk and dressing table. There was no tub, and the shower was fairly small. There was no view. This hotel is situated in the middle of the convention center, in a niche where all of the rooms look out into the industrial sections of the adjacent fourt-star hotels; boilers, A/C compressors, etc.The bed had three generous (read - not flat!) pillows and a fluffy synthetic down comforter. It was quiet and I had a nice comfortable atmosphere for last minute studying. There was no hair dryer, but one was available from the front desk.In the morning, there is a kiosk that sells pastries and coffee, or your other choice is a buffet restaurant which was not that great. Runny eggs, chicken sausage, greasy hash browns, pastries, fresh fruit salad (yum!) and plenty of cereal and yoghurt choices.	
Feb 27 2006	Absolutely brilliant hotel!	It's a budget three star hotel - remember this when you book.But for £50 a night in Dubai - it's brilliant. The breakfast choice was tremendous, the bars/restaurants are good, the location is great, the staff were very helpful, the rooms weren't huge but were clean and had TV, etc.It's not a beach hotel - but for £50 a night in Dubai - you ain't gonna get that!I've stayed in Ibis hotels throughout Europe and this exceeds all of those!Other reviews here moan a lot about lack of porter service/minibar - REMEMBER - you're paying £50 a night!!!!!!!I would highly recommend this to any visitor to Dubai on a budget (yes, we would have liked to stay in the Burj - but five nights here cost less than one there - and we spent so little time in the hotel anyway!)	
Feb 25 2006 	poor service	we stayed in ibis for 1 night but it was enough to conclude never again. the service was really terrible. the staff were not friendly. when we wanted to change the room they said they were fully booked then a nother said the rooms are all the same size. the room and toilet size were extremely small. by the way they dont have room service. we called the reception to order some snacks at around 11 pm and they said that we will have to go down and pick the snack from the reception or the resturant. They dont help u in geting a taxi and you will have to go and get it yourself after a long walk.	
Jan 27 2006	Exceeded our Expecations!!!	After reading many reviews of the Dubai Ibis we arrived with low expectations...but this hotel turned out to be an Amazing choice!It has a very upmarket boutique feel, I liked the location and ambience. The rooms are on the smaller side but still very nice! The free hotel shuttle to and from the airport was a great plus! I'd rate it as a 4 star not a 3 star.We visited the Novotel right nearby, if the prices are close I'd probably choice the Novotel first, but if you're on a budget DONT HESITATE booking the IBIS in Dubai.Jason	
Jan 20 2006	Excellent value for money	We stayed at this hotel for three nights from 31st December. You shouldn't expect luxuries like a bath tub, hair dryer, minibar,... but all the amenities that you would reasonably expect given the room rate are provided with a touch of design above its class.Free shuttle buses to and from the airport, to the beach and to three shopping malls in different parts of Dubai also help to keep expenses under control (not bad, given the countless opportunities to spend lots of money in Dubai).The staff is very kind, either at the reception desk or at the restaurants. We do like good food and can unconditionally recommend their Cubo restaurant: we tried some other places mentioned in the guidebooks and found it offered far better value for money than most. But don't expect to have the most memorable meal of your lifetime there: maybe the 400 AED per person, not including service charge and taxes (no kidding!) Japanese steak at the Fairmont hotel, at a mere 5 minutes walking distance from the Ibis would be a better bet for such a purpose (we didn't try however).	
Jan 9 2006	above average for budget hotel		
Dec 7 2005	Basic but cheap and was Great for the Dubai 7's		
Dec 5 2005	Not for holiday makers. Poor		
Dec 5 2005	Perfectly Acceptable		
Nov 11 2005	Okay		
Apr 23 2005 	Careful!!		
Apr 9 2005	Great Hotel		
Apr 4 2005	Best 3 star in Dubai!!!		
Mar 15 2005 	no thank you!!		
Jan 9 2005	Highly recommend the IBIS at World Trade Centre		
Jan 9 2005	Ibis World Trade Centre Dubai		
Nov 4 2008 	Excellente situation		
Oct 30 2008 	?????		
Feb 27 2007 	Entlastung für den Geldbeutel		
