Nov 10 2009 	Good for the money and location	Single Female traveler.......I stayed at the Landmark Deira for 8 days the first week of Nov 2009. Normally i stay at 4-points but it was full due to the Grand Prix. LM was recommended by a local travel agent. I figured to try 1 night and move on if it was bad.Check in was easy. They did not hold my passport (USA). Room was clean, everything worked, nice bathroom, lots of hot water, mini bar, flat screen, extra pillows...etc..But, there is a mosque close by (5 am call to prayer if u are a light sleeper). Breakfast buffet was okay for free. Recommend get there 7 am for freshest picks. No coffee only tea tho. Room service was quick. Free newpaper every morning.The room don't have iron or kettles, but u can get an iron from the desk.The location is good for sight seeing and shopping, and taxis easy to get. A few of the drivers did not know where the hotel was so carry your hotel key card cover (it had a good map on it) or point them to the Mosque next to Al Ghuraiar Shopping Mall (worked for me)I found the staff to be very friendly and kind, BUT very limited english. I had problem when calling room service or for help, but they were quick to get someone to call back that understood english, so it all worked out. They also keep a sharp eye on anyone coming and going. For me, this was a bonus. If u are looking for a place to eat, shower, and sleep it's a good choice. I'd recommend it if u don't want to drop alot of cash on a room that you don't plan to spend much time in.	
Oct 2 2009 	Staff extremely helpful and good clean accommodation	As a mature female traveller, I stayed at the Landmark Hotel in late August - early September 2009. The staff were very friendly and helpful - even showing me to my room booked for later in the day when I had arrived at 7am in the morning. A tourism advisor assisted me in locating the Big Bus which has an excellent day-tour of Dubai. Location is convenient for all kinds of transport and close to shops and some of the historical areas such as the gold and spice souks. Main drawback was that the pool area was being renovated at the time of my stay. If your main focus is clean and convenient accommodation, this is the place to be!	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent service of Hotel	I would like to share my experience with everybody when I have visited Landmark Hotel, Deira for official lunch along with my other colleagues. We really like the quality of food was ok but the quality of service was very good with the co-operative service staff wherein we have received excellent service from F&amp;B Manager Mr. Ambrose D. He was very much helpful and really understanding as to what were our requirements and meeting the same in an efficient way as the result of which our meeting was a grand success and fruitful for us.I would like to recommend this Hotel to all as its just worth it going and having their excellent service.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent Location in shopping area	Hotel is in perfect location for shopping.It's far from the Jumeirah beach.Rooms are clean and they have good laundry service.Restaurant in Hotel have very nice staff (hindi) and tasty food.On the roof you can find a small pool with fantastic view on Dubai.Perfect place for all types of travellers.	
Mar 8 2009 	Hotel just for sleeping	Landmark Hotel is situated in the central Deira area of Dubai, close to the creek and the souks. The hotel is medium sized and offers average sized rooms with nothing more than standard furniture and facilities. The cleaning was good. Room price in february 2009 was about 125 euros per night. In addidtion to the breakfast room, there is one single restaurant that looked boring enough for us not to try it. Breakfast was not included in our room price, and that was just as good. We tried the breakfast on the first morning of our stay and we turned our tumbs down. Afterwards we had breakfast and all other meals outside the hotel.There is no alcohol serving in Landmark. Most of the night life is taking place in other parts of the city, and a short taxi drive will take you there. (ca 8 euros.) There is a small swimming pool on the hotel roof. We preferred the beaches of Jumeira, they can be highly recommended.Most of the reception staff behaved as if they had a bad day all the time. No smiles, no friendliness. When checking out, the reception attendant did not even make as if to say good bye and welcome back. We certainly will not be back.	
Mar 5 2009 	Value for Money	Value for money,I stay in room 817 from 18th febuary to 26th febuary 2009.This hotel should be 4star not 3star.Very central, Few minute form Gold souk,sabkha bus station and Abra water Taxi. very clean with superb service.Buffet breakfast for £6 and Lunch for £10.Rooftop swimming pool,sauna and massage parlour 150AED,about £30.Internet for 10Dirhams/£2 for hour within 10am-10pm,you don't have to use the hour at one time.The internet is free at lobby with your laptop.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great Service and Excellent Location	A really great place to stay while in Dubai. What striked me very well was the warmth of the place and the superb personalized service. Secondly this is an ethical place to stay with no outside women guests or no loud discotheques within the hotel. So if you are planning to be in Deira or in Naser square area, this is the best place I would recommend.Finding cabs was very easy, evenings had a great look through the creek and restaurants in a wide variety of choice are available just within stone's throw.If you stay there, dont forget to find the place Legari's, which is an Indian/Pakistani food joint and they make the best Biryani. Its three minutes walk from the Landmark.Good Luck	
Mar 26 2008 	the worst hotel I ever stayed in	hotel was booked by traval agent but I woudn't recomment it to anyone if you can afford something better	
Feb 29 2008 	Very disappointing!	Landmark? Skidmark, perhaps. Not in a great part of town, to be honest, and made a lot worse by the current metro construction work outside the front door. Lobby area had an unpleasant odour upon entry. The staff are polite and helpful, but the general standard of presentation is poor (i.e. unused matresses left in corridors, cracked sinks, dated decor...). Roof-top pool is shabby and needs a re-vamp. I would really only advise those on a strict travel budget to consider this hotel.	
Jan 3 2008	Barely satisfactory won't be back unless I'm desperate!	This hotel is full of Indian and Russian tourists. The rooms are big except for the small and badly designed bathrooms. Air conditioner worked well. But no view could be seen from the hotel room. The restaurant was of bland and expensive type, but there were not many other alternatives. The location is in the hardware store district, although walking distance to Deira markets. Lots of construction work in front of the hotel made it a bit of a shambles to get in and out. All but impossible to hail a cab in front of the hotel, way too chaotic.	
Oct 6 2007 	OK but not for everyone	This hotel is located in Baniyas square in Deira and l booked it for the location. Outside the hotel there are plenty of shops and places to eat. It is not the most upmarket location but its hectic and thats what i liked about it, you can walk to the Gold market. The rooms are clean and of medium size the breakfast is average and expected for a 3 star hotel. This hotel is popular with the Russian community and the only thing i did not like was the stench of cheap cigarettes lingering in the rooms and corridors. I would stay again for the location and the value for money.	
Jun 29 2007 	single female traveller	i thought this place was well priced and in a great location. close to gold souk and the free cruise that is given with the big bus tours. i had no problem walking around by myself around this area - and i am a scaredy-cat. the rooms smelt of stale cigarette and the bathrooms, although clean/sanitized had grotty groutings, it was perfect for what i needed. it was cold while i was there so i didn't need the pool. the tour help desk was utterly useless with new information, but if you know exactly what tour you want to do, it is convenient to book things. cheap supermarket accross the road for necessities and a few fast food (not chain, but yummy off-the-street food) places around. perfect for stop-over if not planning to stay in the room the whole time.	
Feb 6 2007	Yuck and double Yuck	Hi , we just got back from Dubai , where we stayed at the Landmark Hotel ,Nasser Square in Dubai, Be very careful you dont think as we did you are going to the Landmark Plaza , which is 5 doors away. The hotel is graded a 3* , it should be a 1* ,The hotel is very gloomy and smells , yes realy it has a rather unpleasant smell, the reception is on the 1st floor, small , marble , our room was 717on the 7th floor, although the bathroom is marble , its tiney , you couldnt swing a cat, we had to edge in sideways, the shower curtain covered with mould , sticky carpert and poor lighting , We satayed for 5 nights , its not the kind of hotel you can relax in , not even a kettle in the room , although there is fridge and they will provide an iron and board on request , the noise from the traffic and mosque next door is constent. The breakfast buffet is really bad , fried eggs chips and water melon..If you can possible avoid it do	
