Oct 20 2009 	Wonderful Time	I stayed at the regent beach twice last year and thoroughly enjoyed both times. It is a 3* hotel with bags of character, not a 5* modern high-rise. The bedroom, and all public areas, had aircon. The large ali-baba tents added to the ambience. The staff were really friendly; the food was great; the room was large, clean and tidy. Not a bad word to say about it. The fact that it is across the road from the beach made the holiday even more enjoyable. There are quite a few cafes, restaurants and shops close to the hotel, but the best place to eat was the Automatic Grill which is about 4-5 minutes walk on the other side of the road heading in the direction of the Burj/Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The name doesn't do the food justice. Fresh salads, fruit and vegetables, flame grilled meats - at very reasonable prices.Roll on April when I'll be back there for another amazing holiday.	
Aug 18 2008 	Fantastic Time	I stayed at the regent beach twice last year and thoroughly enjoyed both times. It is a 3* hotel with bags of character, not a 5* modern high-rise. The bedroom, and all public areas, had aircon. The large ali-baba tents added to the ambience. The staff were really friendly; the food was great; the room was large, clean and tidy. Not a bad word to say about it. The fact that it is across the road from the beach made the holiday even more enjoyable. There are quite a few cafes, restaurants and shops close to the hotel, but the best place to eat was the Automatic Grill which is about 4-5 minutes walk on the other side of the road heading in the direction of the Burj/Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The name doesn't do the food justice. Fresh salads, fruit and vegetables, flame grilled meats - at very reasonable prices.Roll on November when I'll be back there for another amazing holiday.	
Aug 6 2008 	Mixed feelings	We are a family of three, children aged 9 and 3 with their parents, traveled for the second time to Dubai in February 2008. The first time we stayed at a 5-star hotel, but this time we had to squeeze our budget, and choose to do it from the accommodation.I found the hotel from the net, and decided to call them directly. The line was bad, but I managed to get the room reserved and was instructed in what email address to send the credit card information for the guarantee. All well in that order. Even a change in the reservation dates worked OK.Our arrival was early in the morning, and as I was anticipating problems getting a room before afternoon, I had made the reservation already starting from the previous night, so that our children could continue their sleep. Upon arrival we had to wait for quite some time to be served, as the receptionists were dodging loud arguments by a dissatisfied German couple who wanted to get what they felt they had paid for. When we finally got our room, it was obvious that someone had stayed there for the night (although I had paid for the night) and it was still being cleaned - the hotel got double money for the room for that night. My wife and daugher were not very happy with the room, although it was quite large and had a window to the swimming pool. The positive side was that we were organized two rollaway beds, so that the entire family could fit to the room without any problems. We ended up staying there, although I did call to some other hotels to ask for prices. Regent had cleverly conditioned the reservation so that we would have to pay the full reservation fare even if we stayed only one of the nights in our 5-night reservation.The hotel proved to be a fairly good 3-star hotel. If you go there, don't expect to get 5 stars, but it was worth the money - there are not too many 3-star hotels by the beach in Dubai, and for this market this hotel was a good choise. Some taxi drivers had difficulties recognizing the hotel name, but telling that it's near Dubai Marine Club and Jumeirah Mosque helped.The breakfast at the hotel was good, although many items tended to end well before the breakfast time was over. We ordered room service breakfast the first morning as we slept past the breakfast time, and the food was good and delivered as promised. We did not try other restaurant facilities at the hotel. My wife tried the beauty salon for some treatment and make-up, and was quite satisfied.In front of the reception a local travel agent was offering tours, and we booked a jeep safari. We were not informed for what to do, and ended up sitting in the jeep parked at a desert 'resort' for an hour (we could have done things there, but no one told us - be sure to ask about the program on the tour beforehand). The jeep dune ride was a great experience; the two italians in the 3rd row of the Land Cruiser were shouting 'slower, slower' to the driver (who did not appear to understand, although he did understand just that much), where as our 3-year-old was screaming of exhilaration, and during a quieter moment wanted to go faster. It was like a roller coaster ride without tracks. A bit scary, but memorable. They also arranged for us to try to snowboard down the dune. The beduin village themed dinner and show included in the safari were downgraded by the cold wind - the food was tasty, but it felt like you had to fight for it, as the lines were long.The once-beautiful garden of the hotel was all covered with two large tents that I did not find attractive at all, and all access to rooms went through the tents. Many people seemed to enjoy the water pipes, TV and bar service in the tents, though.The swimming pool was not in very good shape (peeling paint, broken strainers etc.) but the water was clean, although quite cold in February, and the pool was barely large enough for adults to swim. The children liked it.The reception staff were not very efficient or friendly, and they seemed to get quite a lot of negative attention from people who wanted to change hotels in the middle of their stay (the fare rules require full payment even if you leave early). They also forgout our transportation order for the trip back to the airport; luckily we had made it with lots of time to spare, and there was another reservation half an hour later, so we got to the airport in time. We used the hotel's transportation and were satisfied with it.The room was a bit dusty on arrival, but as my wife asked for an extra vacuum cleaning things improved, and we had no complaints from there on. The room cleaner was very friendly and service oriented.The beach in front of the hotel was quiet but clean, and life guards were in duty, also guiding non-swimsuit dressed people away from the beach! The breakwaters were necessary, as the waves were quite big. One day was outright stormy, but we spent that in shopping malls... There was a good soft-rubber-surfaced jogging path on the beach in front of the hotel, and a bicycle path paralleling it. A few hundred metres away a decent grocery store, and even the small Dubai Zoo was near.For a traveler with budget restrictions but willing to stay on the beach in Dubai this hotel was a good choise, if you are ready to stay in a non-luxury hotel, and can be sure that you stay there all the days that you book.	
May 2 2008 	Ideal for the beach.....shame about the rest.	We booked the hotel as it is close to the beach, yet close to the city. The problem with this hotel is it appears that it has lost it's identity as a hotel as it concentrates more on its restaurant custom. When we checked in we were told that we had been upgraded at no extra cost to a superior room on the understanding that if they needed the room we would have to vacate! It was very late and in order to get our heads down after a long flight we accepted. The room itself was a good size and very clean. Unfortunately however during our entire stay we were unable to open our curtains or patio doors as this looked directly out onto a table within the restaurant! I must point out that the photographs of the hotel on the website are not a good representation of the Regent Beach Hotel. The open communal area has been taken over by a large ‘Ali Baba’ tent which houses a smoking area and restaurant. It appears that the hotel has utilised every morsel of space which directly impacts on the overall comfort of the hotel. Where at one point the superior room would have had its own patio, this has now been utilised as part of the Ali Baba tent!! It wouldn’t have been so bad but Dubai is a fantastic place, it would just have been nice to be able to open the curtains in order to know whether it was daylight or evening....very disorientating. I found myself not wanting to go back to the hotel on some occasions as the ‘Tent’ area remained open quite late and it really did feel like people were in our room as we could hear their conversations perfectly!! To be fair, I can’t say it spoilt our holiday as I still made the most of it but I suppose forewarned is forearmed. With two days to go we received the phone call from reception....we need the superior room back, you have to get out. The receptionist was very matter of fact and basically told us at 9am that we had to pack and get out of our room ASAP. To be honest, due to the problems with the room we didn’t make a fuss and simply asked for the key to our new room. It was at this point that we were told that a bell boy would fetch our case as our room wouldn’t be ready until 3pm!! Enough was enough...we checked out.	
Mar 3 2008 	Good Hotel by Jumeirah Beach	We stayed there for 4 nights. For the cost it was a reasonable place, the room can be described as functional. The Hotel itself has a good Indian Restaurant, which I would recommend. And there is a Ali Baba Tent where Breakfast and the lunch buffet is served.The Spa within the Hotel was excellent, as it offered a range of massage (we opted for the Thai Massage).In terms of location, it's right on the beach near the port. There isn't a lot of noise and you can a nice range of locals and tourists. I think that makes for a nice change from private beaches! There is a pier, which was a fantastic location to watch the sun set, a memorable experience for us.Getting in to the city is affected by Traffic, but that's Dubai generally and there isn't much traffic around the Hotel.Also in walking distance is the Dubai Marine Resort with multiple bars and restaurants.All in all, a hotel that suited our needs and exceeded our expectations. The service was great!	
Feb 22 2008	Good value hotel	We wanted a short break staying close to Jumeira Beach and a location offering good proximity to Dubai's other attractions. The Regent Beach Resort fulfilled this at an affordable rate compared to the other beach hotels. Although the hotel is not luxurious, it offers adequate facilities and an unobtrusive service. As an unmarried mixed race couple we were wary about being questioned about our status, given some other reviews on this site. However this was not a problem although we wore rings as appropriate. The hotel is a stone's throw from lovely quiet open beach. The breakfast had a wide spread; ranging from beef bacon to muesli to fruit. The hotel has two restaurants open to the public. We tried the Indian one; the service was pleasant and helpful and the food tasty. Note they also serve alcohol. The decor is a bit of a mish-mash, but has its own weird appeal as it's not too clinical. However if you want conventional luxury then don't bother. It's ideal if you are more concerned with getting out and about in Dubai.	
Feb 7 2008	I definitely would go back	I stayed at the hotel with my 3 year old son and it was perfect. The staff were really friendly and the room was very comfortable. It is very short walk to the beach which was quite quiet but maybe not as pretty as other parts of the beach which is the only bad thing i have to say about my stay.	
May 23 2007 	HOT!	We stayed for 3 nights as a stop over with Emirates on our way to Australia. This is a nice hotel- value for money compared to the 4-5 star hotels, with friendly and helpfull staff. The rooms are clean, the breakfasts are good, unfortunately the air-con unit was a little noisy- which is essential in Dubai. The beach is a 50m stroll across the road from the hotel- which apart from the odd jelly fish was a welcome relief from the heat.	
Apr 23 2007 	Ideal Place	First of all ,first things first. In reply to all those negative comments and moans from previous posters, all i can suggest is that you dig a bit deeper in your pocket and spend some more money if it,s a top class hotel your looking for.Spent a week here in April and although it,s only a 3 star it makes up for it in 5 star service.From the bell boys to the hotel taxi drivers, they couldn,t be more helpful (can organize trips etc. for a decent price ).Right beside the beach which has police presence/life guard on duty and sunbed rental, there are also 2 refreshment kiosks, yes it it close to dubai dock area but not too distracting.(Go other side of promenade)Location of hotel means that a taxi to city sights i.e. gold souks / markets / sail on the creek etc. work out about 3 pounds sterling each way, opposite direction takes you straight down the beach road to other attractions (wild wadi / mall of emirates / madinet etc. ) work out a price with your driver, maybe 5 pounds .Hotel itself very clean and tidy , room cleaned every day, b/fast bar ok (omlettes made to order) internet access in reception and airport pick up can be organised. (our flight was over 1 hr late got in around 11.30 p.m. &amp; still got welcomed with smiling face by driver.) Eating in the hotel could be quite expensive but only in line with other hotel eateries.Various shopping malls within 5-10 min. walk all with big range of cafes.one of the best is Tony,s New York Deli in the Village mall. Also McDonald,s right across the road for those on a bad diet.Could ramble on but can,t say enough good things about this place .For those not too bothered about 5 star hotels , suggest you try here ,unlikely to be disappointed.	
Apr 20 2007	Overall an OK hotel but I would go elsewhere	This hotel is located between the town centre and Regent beach, one of the nicest beachs in Dubai. However, it is the beginning of this beach, near the port. The best part of the beach is farther away (near the Burj Al Arab and the Medinat), you need to take a cab to get there.Frankly, eveything looks pretty average in this hotel. Rooms are OK: large and well equipped (2 TV sets, fridge etc). However, the pool is very small and not refreshed, so during summer the water becomes so hot that there is no point to swim and bath in it. The fitness room is also very small. The breakfast buffet is OK but not more than that. In brief, if I were to go to Dubai I would not go there again, I would spend some money more and go to a nicer hotel.	
Apr 5 2007 	More Than Adequate !	Have just returned from 5 nights at the Regent Beach Resort and was very happy with it.It is not luxurious but what do you expect from a 3 star hotel. It was however very comfortable and the staff extremely polite and helpful.For me it is very simple, if you are looking to stay on the beach in a budget hotel then this is the place to stay.I had friends staying in Bur Dubai when i was out there and the RBR was in a different league for the same price.	
Apr 3 2007 	very disappointing and poor value	We had been travelling in Australia and stopped here for 2 nights on our way home. We had stayed at 4* hotels which cost half as much as our stay here.The first room we were given was very hot, and the a c could not be adjusted as it was controlled from outside the room. We had to upgrade to a superior room. This room had a c that could be adjusted- so we were cool-, but the bathrom was dirty and shabby. I would never stay here again and would definately not recommend this hotel.	
Mar 30 2007 	Remember	I stayed in this hotel some time ago. And I just want to add, that you can ask for a bigger room, and pay a little more. I had a huge room with a view just over the beach and a lovely balcony.The location is great.	
Mar 21 2007 	You get what you pay for	The Regent Beach Resort isn't anything special, but it is clean, has comfortable beds (if not somewhat cramped rooms), has a clean pool, is across the street from the beach, has a decent restaurant, and has nice staff. If you want luxury, this isn't the place for you. But if you want value, then this is the perfect place. Go with an open mind, and remember how much money you are saving on your hotel as you shop til you drop in Dubai or otherwise indulge in everything that is awaiting you in this city known as &quot;Las Vegas on Crack&quot;.	
Mar 14 2007 	Don't Waste Your Money!!!	I was suppose to stay in this hotel in Feb '07, but after one look at the room, I found other accommodation. The standard single room was the size of a closet! You have to leave the room to change your mind!! It was not at all what the hotel website portrayed! The location is the only plus, but the price that this hotel charges for such sub-standard rooms is a shame!! Don't waste your money!!	
Mar 12 2007	PERFECT BUDGET HOTEL!!!!	Well i heard about Budget Dubai hotels and was a lil worried however, i arrived about 12pm and my first impression was really good, it looked nice and everything, the reception is much nicer than pictures posted on the internet. The outside is really nice and does give you that arabic theme. My room was seriously perfect!!!! just like travel lodge in the UK. However the bathroom was not the best, it could of done with a upgrade badly but everything worked 100%. They had a pizza service sso every night i ordered pizza, drink, garllic bread and bbq wings to my room. Lots of english channels and very well decorated room, i have no complaints about the room.The breakfast area is really beautiful however the food i would rate 3 out 5 as it was lovly but could be better compared to other Dubai hotels i stayed at, but what was AMAZING is the view whilst you eat. Direct view of the silk sand beaches and arabian gulf, about 30 seconds from the beach, actually just cross the road and you are in the beach so i would say about 15 seconds????? lots of taxi's and everything great location, short drive to Sheikh Zayed Road and Port Rashid. Next to Burger King and shopping centre + a very british supermarket, in the sense that they sell a lot of british food, it is called Spinneys.Directly across the hotel is one of the most exclusive streets in the entire Dubai area where the rich of the rich of the world of arabs live. Spectacular houses, must be seen!Overall 4.5 out of 5	
Mar 1 2007 	Cheap cheerful with a great beach location	Having stayed at the regent beach resort hotel in febuary 2007 I can say this was a very good hotel for the price. For a beach holiday its situation is great with a very nice sandy beach right outside the front. There are plenty of shops in close proximity and taxis are not expensive. The swimming pool was fine (a little cold)and if you wished to eat at the hotel there was a choice of Indian or Moroccan - I recommend the latter. The staff were always friendly and helpful. The breakfast wasn't much to right home about but edible. We did have to wait for our room having arrived early in the morning and we were put on the groundfloor without a view. Occasionally this was a little noisy from guests coming in late but on the up side we did not have any disturbance from the building work that is going on all over Dubai nor the planes as the airport is close. Cost in a metered taxi and from the hotel shuttle was the same for 2 persons (50 Dinars in total). Our room was cleaned every day and for us was fine in size with 2 large beds. The hotel is non alcaholic which may put some people off but you can get a drink at mealtimes. Here is a little tip for those that would like a refreshing beer/cider etc outside mealtimes. If you walk from the street down to the royal marine hotel (a 5 minute walk) right next door is a tex mex restaurant that sells all the usual lagers/beers/spirits. It has a great lunch special (29 dinars for food and a pint- just over £4) and has happy hour 1200 - 1900 during the week except fridays and 1200 - 2100 on the weekend. This was an ideal watering hole very close to the hotel.If you are planning any trips I would strongly recommend the dune safari. The drivers perform extraordinary skills to keep the 4 wheel drive vehicles going and not being rolled. A great adrenaline kick. This can be booked from the hotel along with other attractions.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted to stay in Dubai close to the beach on a budget.	
Feb 19 2007	Great value!	Having stayed at The Hilton, Jumairah Beach [5*] and also The Admiral Plaza [3* city hotel] we thought this would meet somewhere in the middle of the two and this is exactly how we found it. Like previous reviews we found most of the staff extremely helpful &amp; friendly. We were able to have an early check in and a late check out. The good points were: position, two minute walk to the beach which was reasonably clean; large room - ours overlooked the pool - the bed was massive. The bathroom was okay, the usual shower curtain problem ending in a wet floor each time, but it was all very clean - just needed a bit of updating. Hairdryer, toiletries,safe, big plasma tv, dvd player, a/c. Good breakfast, plenty of choice. The bad points include poor service at the poolside cafe - we gave up twice and the one time we did get a coffee they tried to charge us for something we did not order!] room service was okay, no extra charges and it all came within 20 mins. The pool area is in desperate need of refurbishment, it was very cluttered but towels are provided for pool/beach. There are loads of shopping malls within walking distance - watch busy main road. If you can, visit Mall of The Emirates - this is the one with the ski slope and just about every shop in the world. Also check out the sunset over the beach - awesome!!Overall, for the money it was worth it - we would have liked a nice comfy lounge area/bar - but the beach location more than made up for any minor problems.	
Feb 17 2007 	OK 3 star hotel	I stayed here for 6 nights 11th - 17th February 2007. Most flights from the UK arrive early in the morning in Dubai, and I arrived at the hotel by 9am. I had emailed for an airport transfer, but it never arrived. The room wasn't ready and it took a couple of hours before it was. I had a small, single room overlooking the pool. It was fine, a single bed that just about allowed the wardrobe door to open, air con that worked well, TV with many channels including BBC World.  The bathroom was a little sparse and the towels had seen better days, but the water pressure was good and the toiletries OK too. The hot water was exceedingly hot, dangerously so I felt. My rate included breakfast, and the buffet looked fine, although the only day I ate more than cereal (I'm supposed to be on a diet!), the food was cold. The location was good and staff seemed very helpful, although I did have trouble on the last day. I had booked an early morning call for 6:30 and a shuttle to the airport for 7. The evening before I was asked to change my departure to 6.30 as another couple were leaving then. I agreed and asked for the call to be changed to 6. It arrived at 6.20, but luckily I had set the alarm on my mobile phone and was already up. When I got to reception I was put, alone, into a taxi and sent on my way. I never even saw the other couple! On the whole it's an OK, small 3 star hotel, something of a rarity in 5 star Dubai!	
Feb 5 2007	Poor Customer Service	After booking two months in advance we were told upon arrival that we could only stay for one night and then would have to move to another hotel in the city, the Regal Plaza. We asked for an upgrade to a 5 star hotel as we could have booked into a 5 star hotel in the city for the same price we paid for the 3 star hotel on the beach. They refused this and then after three nights in the new hotel we were again told that we would have to move as there was no room for us in the Regal Plaza. At no time did they offer to reimburse us for some of our expenses or give us a token gesture as an apology, and were quite rude when we complained about this treatment. We were not the only ones staying there at the time that had customer service trouble and their tour sales person told lies in a bid to get you to book certain tours. The travel agent we booked through ([--])have also been very unhelpful in answering our complaints.	
Jan 26 2007 	Disappointing.......	Stayed at the Regent Beach Resort for one night one the way to Oz from the UK. Had spent a considerable amount to time researching a suitable &quot;budget&quot; hotel and was disappointed - despite being realistic about what to expect after doing lots of research!I was unable to find an email address to book the hotel mini-bus on the way out so paid for a taxi tout at a negotiated rate - the journey takes about 20 mins but can be much more if the traffic is bad! Utilised the mini-bus service going back to the airport the following day and it was very reasonable - 20Dh I think. I was pleasantly surprised to be allowed into my room at 10.30am and had prepared myself not to be able to get in until 2pm (arrived at 8.30am). I spent the morning asleep in one of the &quot;tents&quot; in the garden and wasn't disturbed which was a relief.However I was disappointed with my room - the carpet was dirty and the bedside lamp didn't work. Also the bedroom and bathroom were slightly below ground level which made the room very dark and if you wanted any privacy you had to keep the curtains closed as everyone walking by could look in (despite nets!). Furthermore the bathroom window vent (which was in the top of the wall) didn't shut properly due to an extractor fan and everyone in the outdoor reception area could look in and see/hear everything! Had a nasty shock when showering at 6am the following morning before going to the airport as there was only a very (very) limited amount of hot water....!!Not sure if i didn't get a better room because I was a single traveller and I was only staying for one night.....it's just something to bear in mind as the hotel didn't seem particularly full! However I didn't complain as I was just too tired and just wanted to sleep!The location was great for the beach - just a 2 minute walk away - across the car park, a small road and you are on the beach. Which was great to relax on before preparing myself for a 14 1/2 hour flight to Melbourne.Taxi's to and from the souks were reasonable and regular, it's not the law to wear seatbelts in the back in UAE however felt for my own safety that it was a wise decision!The staff were friendly (Indian), polite and helpful. However for £70.00 I didn't think that I got value for money!Probably wouldn't go there again or recommend to anyone, as I would be concerned about not having a better/cleaner room	
Jan 16 2007 	Good location and value for money but the decor is a little dated.	We have just returned from Dubai where we stayed at the Regent Beach Resort.The resort is along Jumeriah open beach toward the city side. Location was good as it was closer to dubai city, dubai creek and old dubai than other upper-class resorts that are also along Jumeriah beach.There is tremendous construction currently underway all over Dubai. This means that the beaches may feel quite industrial, and this does apply to the beach close to this resort. The locations close to the 5 star resorts along Jumeriah beach had a lot more construction going on.The resort rooms were basic, dated but comfortable. The pool, sauna and steam room were also good but the pool may need a facelift in the near future. We found the staff to be highly professional and friendly. Overall: good value for money, good location, but remember that the decor is dated.	
Jan 9 2007 	Well placed hotel	Arrived 0230hrs, to be greeted by two porters and two reception staff. Told we had been upgraded to beach facing executive room with balcony was that alright? Did we want anything to eat? What else can I say. Hotel Dubai three star, but elsewhere three and half to four star. Very ready to serve and look after your needs. Excellent. Clean beach with all facilities (showers, toilets, food) over the road. Very safe feeling	
Dec 10 2006 	Very disappointing	Our stay at this hotel was the only disappointing part of a 1 month holiday with my family. We had to pre pay through Emriates who arranged our booking. When we arrived in the middle of the night (we did confirm a few days ealier) we were told that one of our two rooms wasn't available! In spite of the fact that they knew when we were arriving, they only had the 1 room with one double bed in it and we had to wait for 1 hour while they dragged two more beds into the room. We eventually got to sleep at 4 am however it ruined our one day in Dubai as we were so tired. I did get the impression when we arrived that they really didn't care whether we were satisfied or not - they just shrugged us off and were not in a hurry to get us settled in. We were unable to redeem any of the cost for the two rooms - evidently four beds squashed into one room is the same price as two rooms! This was totally unsatisfactory to us and to top it off, it rained and turned cold during our one day there. I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 28 2006 	best budget hotel in dubai...right on the beach	Driving through Dubai, past all the amazing hotels and anticipating the arrival at ours, i was to be honest dissapointed when we pulled up to The Regent Beach Resort, it seems fussy and dated from the outside. When we entered our rooms we were pleasantly surprised, they were large and had high ceilings, which for 3 girls with plenty of shoes and outfits to unpack, made us feel like we had plenty of room, which we most certainly did! the staff are amazing, cant do enough for you, they give a 5* service. The hotel has a very small buisiness feel about it, giving a personal touch which you dont get from the huge hotels elsewhere in Dubai. The hotel is very clean, and has very very popular restaurants which locals swarm at the wkends which is always a good sign! One thing i will say is that the pool area is very small, but we prefer the beach so didnt cause any problems for us!	
Nov 20 2006 	could be a good hotel...	After staying in Dubai for 2 months (in Bur Dubai and in Deira), my family and I opted for a one week beach stay and choose the Regent for its (relatively low) price. It is apparently the only 3 star on Jumeirah Beach - thus &quot;cheap.&quot; We were consistently disappointed by how good the place COULD be but was, unfortunately, not. Check-in was not handled well - there were many people who through early flights or for other reasons had arrived in the morning. Not only were rooms not available, and the tiny lobby (the only air-conditioned place - very welcome in August in Dubai) overflowing with unhappy people in every available space, the hotel staff did not offer any suggestions. We figured there had to be a restaurant and once we found it, we were able to wait there, drink a juice, and at least relax with a nice view of the ocean. The restaurant took us 15 minutes to find and no one offered any help. If the staff had instructed people to wait there if they liked (and, if the hotel had gone one extra step and offered people one complimentary juice) you would have seen much happier folks instead of the miserable lobby scene. We were eventually given a &quot;suite&quot; since there were no vacancies of regular rooms even later in the day, though we were told we would have to move &quot;in a day or two.&quot; As we were 2 adults and an infant who had been living in Africa for a year (and therefore, with a fair bit of luggage), this meant we couldn't really relax as we did not know if or when we'd be asked to move. If I had actually been paying for a suite, I would have vacated the premises immediately - while large, it was terribly shabby. The room we were eventually moved to was large and had a great view of the beach but smelled so toxic - not sure what caused it and, at that point, complaining didn't seem useful. The guy who helped us move our luggage (3 times that week!) was the most wonderful person. It seems as though someone decided to &quot;upgrade&quot; the hotel by spending too much money on plasma televisions which were tacked up in very awkward places in the restaurant. The most galling aspect, to me, was the junk EVERYWHERE - tucked in every conceivable corner. It was a veritable hazardous waste site just behind the pool with all sorts of chemicals, paints, cleansers, etc. jumbled in full-view. Broken washing machines around one corner, luggage carts left all over the sidewalk, cigarette butts all around the pool. The restaurant, where we ate our complimentary breakfasts, needed a good cleaning. The food was a disappointment too - especially after our previous hotel (the Hallmark) and it's excellent buffet. Instead of offering a whole range of local foods (cheap and widely available), they concentrated on bad &quot;English&quot; breakfast choices. Basically, this place needs better management. It's got all the right ingredients - great beach location, decent architecture, friendly staff - but whoever is in charge is doing all a disservice by their poor oversight.	
Oct 15 2006 	Nice pleasant and quiet place	We stayed in this hotel in August 2006. The staff and service was perfect as well as the location, so we recommend it to everybody who wants nice, quiet and pleasant place with exellent service and kind and friendly staff.	
Sep 16 2006	Ok for a short saty	We decided to go away for a short blast of sunshine and picked the Regent, after readining the other reviews it sounded like the best choice by far especially for approx £60.00 per night. We did as the others suggested, got our booze at the airport upon arrival as they do not serve alcohol at the hotel, also emailed them before we left to get the transfer service for only 25AUD. Unfortuntly the driver was late, even at the early time we arrived (flew Virgin) not nice when stood in travelling clothes in the heat!! Our room was not avail to check in staright away due to our early arrival so we sat in one of the cabana's they have outside for an hour and a half and kipped untill room was ready. Room up to standard and clean, fridge for bits and a safe. Excellent location for beach just over the road, but if you prefur to lay by the pool, be warned the picture on their website is decieving, it shows the pool with no loungers so it looks spacious but when the 8 loungers are out it is cramped and can only imaging what it would be like with everyone there.....awful as you can barely walk past the edge without falling in the pool. Kids beware the pool depth changes dramatically from kiddie pool at 1 metre to the main pool. 5 steps under the bridge and its very deep suddenly with no signs. We decided to sit in the warm sea and get a lounger and umbrella on the beach instead.Ok for a night but any longer than that if you are looking and can afford for little bit more than basic go elsewhere, had a massge in the spa, ok but had a lot better. The staff made it for me the service was excellent, did not eat there went to Gordon Ramsay's at the Hilton Dubai creek, which was amazing the 7 course menu prestige about £120 for 2 inc wine, dont forget to have sun downers at the one and only royal mirage first... well if you are getting dressed up why not do it all in style....we did. Enjoy.	
Jul 24 2006 	Absolutely fabulous	We have just returned from a week in Dubai and feel that the Regent Beach hotel must be applauded. The hotel location was fantastic, just across the road from Jumeirah beach and an approximate five minute walk from the bars and clubs! The staff were excellent, always willing to help with a smile, no matter what time of day it was.The breakfast buffet had a variety of choice, ranging from a fry-up to fresh fruit but i'm a simple person and was happy with a cup of tea and a crossiant.The pool area was great, there was always somebody around to help with the umbrellas, filling up the pool toys with air and also serving drinks. The hotel offers a complimentary beach towel service, so we had clean towels to take to the beach everyday.Staff are more than willing to organise taxis which was a great help as the taxi would be ready as soon as we were! Mercato mall is not very far and has good places to eat and fantastic fresh juice bars.Overall, being the only 3* hotel on Jumeriah Beach, they provided us with a 5* service. Will definitely be going back!	
Jul 6 2006	Does what it says on the tin	The Regent Beach Resort Hotel does “exactly what it says on the tin”. It is a three start hotel nothing more and certainly nothing less. The hotel was undergoing some refurbishment and the first room we were in was quite small (especially with a king size bed in it), however after 2 days were moved into an altogether better room. So advice is if our first room was a Standard, go for the deluxe. The rooms were serviced daily with full linen change, and kept very clean.The buffet breakfast is Ok with a varied choice, with fresh fruits, breads, pastries, and hot buffet (do not expect bacon or ham). The pool area is Ok and in June/July quiet, and there is a very well equipped gym if you are feeling energetic. The public beach is located across the road, and actually gets very busy at night around 22:00 when lots of people go for a walk and a dip in the gulf. The parking area outside the hotel is public and gets impossible at this time, although a valet parking service is available. There are 3 small shopping malls within 10 mins walk with good restaurants and cafes (The Thai in the Village mall is very good), and a the larger Mercato is 1km away all on the main beach road..As previous reviews have said there is no bar in this hotel, but you do have a fridge in the room so stock up at the duty free on arrival at the airport, beer by the case or ½ and wine etc is available.As regular visitors (twice per year) to Dubai we vary our hotels to meet our requirements; we have stayed in 5 star (inc the Burj Al Arab) both city and beach. On this occasion we were looking for a cheap and cheerful hotel. After reading what are mostly positive reports on the Regent Beach I booked it via the web for a week through a local Dubai travel company and paid less than £50 per night, what a bargain.	
Jun 20 2006	Best value for money loved it so much	Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for 5 nights . we paid for a standard double and when we arrived we were shown to the deluxe room with a balcony and fresh fruit basket waiting for us at no extra cost ..We organised transport with the hotel so they would collect us from the airport...what a bargain 5 eur for the two of us...taxi's are so cheap in Dubai and fully air conditioned...when we got into the hotel transport we were given cold refreshments as the temp outside was 40 degrees at night...nice touch....all the staff in the hotel are so friendly and helpful and will do anything for you which in some of the other 5 star hotels you will not always find this...booked our tours in the hotel and these were chaper than what other people paid...you have to go to wild wadi and do the desert safai...its something that you will remember for the rest of your life and be warned it is bumpy.....the beach acroos the road is lovely but we used to get a taxi to jumerah beach park which was a euro in and had a beach hut which you can grab a bite to eat and drink also ....if you need any more info please email work.webmail@googlrmail.comoh and 200 cigs is 11usd....go to the dubliner pub in the meridian hotel beside the airport 5 eur in a taxi and the double decker on sheik side road....	
Jun 5 2006	Nice place to stay!	When you visit Dubai, you are obvious not going to spend most of your time at the hotel room. Why use all your money at a five or seven stars hotel?This hotel have one of the best locations at this part of Dubai. Better than most five stars hotels. Regent Beach Resort is located not far from downtown (take a short taxi ride, not expensive), and next to a very nice secure public beach. There are even a small police station at the beach, and naturally a baywatch patrol.Guests at other nice hotels downtown, have to take a hotelbus to the beach - while you just have to cross the street (10 meters).The hotel staff is very friendly and service minded. They always said hallo or hi..The room was all right, clean and nice size. The carpet on the floor could have been changed for some time ago, otherwise the furniture was fine. Cabel-tv at the room, and a DVD player. You can rent dvd movies at the hotelreception, or buy your own dvds at one of the shopping malls in the neighbourhood (walking distance).The beakfast was OK. Egg, toast, jam, fresh fruit, bacon (made of beef, since they don't eat pork there), baked beans, cornflakes, juice, milk, cafe, tea etc.They also have a Concierge Service at the recption. From there you can arrange different tours; ex. dessert safaries, lunch at Burj al Arab, Ballooning etc.	
Jun 5 2006	Great location excellent value.	We stayed at the Regent Beach Resort for a week from 26th May 06. Was slightly nervous after reading some reviews on this site, however we would love to return here. You must remember that this is not one of the 'top end' luxury Dubai hotels but i have stayed in 3* hotels across Europe and this is much better. The rooms are of a decent size, basic in decoration but clean with the usual facilities. The hotel has a nice pool, but the real selling point of this hotel is that it is literally across the road from open beach or the public beach as it is known. The section of the beach is incrediably well maintained and the only difference between this area and the Jumeriah Beach Park, which you pay to enter, is that the latter has food facilities. However, there is a small kiosk selling refreshments on the open beach, plus being so close to the hotel, you can always go back there. The hotel is close to several shopping malls and a supermarket, plus Jumeriah Mosque.The staff are very friendly and will pick you up from the airport if you email them your details for 25AED compared to 60AED for a private taxi. The hotel has a Lebanese and an Indian restaurant of great quality. Many locals visit the Lebanese restaurant which tells you its good. The breakfast buffet is plentiful with a wide choice to suit everyones needs. The restaurants overlook the beach, so you cant beat the location. This hotel actually surpasses its 3* rating in my view and is great value for money if you would rather make the most of Dubai itself rather than relax in a luxury resort. If anyone needs further details, i would be happy to assist if you would like to post a question on the Dubai forum. Michelle.	
Jun 4 2006	a very good hotel in a great location	After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a bit apprehensive about staying at this hotel. However, I had a great time and was very sorry to leave. The staff were very polite and did everything they could to make my stay as comfortable and stress free as possible- nothing was too much trouble. I had breakfast every day and found it very nice although I am not really into cooked breakfasts so can't comment on whether the food was cold. I stuck to toast, croissants, fresh fruit and tea.The pool is a LOT smaller than it looks in the pictures but it is very pretty and well maintained. I didn't use it because it's a real sun trap and I found the beach (just accross the road) to be a lot cooler. The rooms are cleaned every day and are well maintained although some of the bathroom fittings could do with updating. I had a room overlooking the pool and was a bit worried about noise from the restaurants but I didn't hear anything at all; it was extremely quiet.the location is great; within walking distance of several malls and a supermarket although they are digging up the main road at the moment so crossing is a little tricky! There is a small mall about 5 mins away that has a great American style diner serving salads, paninis, pasta etc. The souks, creek , Wafi City Mall, Deira City Mall etc are about 30 mins away in a taxi which costs about 23 dirhams. If I were to go to Dubai again I would definitely stay in this hotel	
May 9 2006	Good location	The rooms at the hotel were surprisingly larger than I had expected and very clean. The pool area is quite small, but well kept. The breakfast was not up to our expectations we only had 2 breakfasts on our 7 night stay, the food was cold on both occasions. The beach is just accross from the hotel, Its a public beach but well kept and very busy on Friday's. There is a life guard and security on all the time.There are plenty of eateries round and about and some lovely shopping centres very close. When all the pavements are finished it will be much easier to get around. The hotel runs a courtesy bus to the Rock Bottom Cafe in the city, this is a good place with great steaks and live bands, Oh and you can get a drink. All in all a well located hotel but remember it's a three star so they don't serve alcohol so pick yours up at duty free in Dubai airport.	
Apr 27 2006	Did exactly what we expected	We booked the Regents beach resort based totally on price and location. We knew we booked a 3* hotel so we were not expecting the 5 or 7* treatment. The hotel had arranged to pick us up from the airport and we arrived in reception at 8.30am. We also knew that the room would only be available by 2pm. Lo and behold at 9am we were escorted to our clean room. We were travelling with a 9mth old baby so this was a huge bonus.Rooms were adequate for what we needed and were cleaned daily. We did stay round the pool for most of the duration and it was cleaned every day and we were happy with it. Not much space to spread out though. Towels were provided.Breakfast was plentiful and we found the food to be fine. We did eat in the restaurants a couple of times and again the food was good. Lamb chops were sublime. Staff were obliging and we had no problems during our entire stay. Do remember there is no bar, so bring your own.It is a 3* hotel and it does not pretend to be anything other than that, and it is better for doing so.	
Apr 22 2006	Okay Stay	The hotel rooms themselves were okay, nothing special but most basic needs were met. The breakfast was not so great, poor quality foods and not fresh. The staff was not very polite either, anything I asked of them it was like they were doing me a huge favor, I wanted to remind them that the customer is king.... or Sheik in this case. The hotel restaurant was good, fair prices and reasonable portions. The hotel swimming pool was small and not really appealing, I did not see any one swimming in it the entire time I was there. The beach is a public beach but It was patrolled by security so it was safe to leave your belongings while swimming. I belive that other hotels located in the city bus there guests to this beach because a few busses arrived to drop off and pick up large groups of people. Over all this hotel is not so expensive compared to other Dubai hotels so I guess it was okay.	
Apr 15 2006	ok	small hotel, quiet... great location, clean, nice staff, yeah.	
Feb 28 2006	Just the job..........	I agree with latest reviews. We too chose this hotel because of location. My wife had never been to Dubai before and when she saw other hotels (Diera or Bur Dubai areas) she was very pleased by the Regent Beach Resort.Breakfasts were perfect to set you up for the day, beach perfect location, rooms wre clean and tidy and room 106 opened onto the pool area.It isnt 3rd world and may not be 5 star but this hotel is in a perfect location and for the price (compared to some in Dubai, which incidently are surrounded by building works!) this hotel is ideal.The staff were extremely helpful at all times and ca summon a taxi from no-where, a special mention to Mohan, pick up and drop off from the airport was great too. E Mail the hotel with your details and they will be there waiting for you.For all those who have moaned about this hotel, I suggest they pay more and try further up the beach!All in all this hotel was great for our needs.	
Feb 26 2006	Great Location!!	Now it really depends what you are going to Dubai for - if the hotel is a place to sleep while you get out and about this place is great for 3 reasons - LOCATION, basically its right on the beach - so have breakfast get your shorts on and walk and chill on a seriously nice bit of beach. And its about 10 mins to the city about 15 Dhirams (thats about £2.50). BREAKFAST, was great every day ask the chef for your choice of omelette every morning seriously tasty sets you up for the day. STAFF, very friendly always smiling and really really helpful.They also picked us up from the airport and dropped us off too at the end - but you have to ask them to do this by calling them/faxing your names, arrival time and flight - worth it as its 60 Dhirams from the airport to the hotel (30 of which is some charge to taxi's for being at he airport which they pass on to you!)If you are going to Dubai and want to spend your days at your hotel/pool etc and therefore want 5 star luxury book yourself in elsewhere because this hotel is not for that type of stay/holiday.	
Feb 10 2006	Not bad not great - its OK	I spent loads of time wondering which hotel to book in dubai. Chief decision - a beach location or a downtown city hotel. We chose a compromise here at the regent. The great thing is it is close to the beach and the city is just a 15min taxi ride away. Downside is the beach is not great - there is noise from building works - but if you ignore that - then its fine.The closeness to the city allowed easy meals out down town alongside the creek - cant beat that.The staff were indeed v vv helpful esp the concierge guy. Rooms are OK, v clean and modern + wide bed. I disagree with some of the other reviews calling this 3rd world... come on, be fair everyone. and the price IS ok compared to the ridiculous amounts charged elsewhere.If you want a good value place to stay that combines reasonable comfort, beach and close to the city - then you will be happy.We were.stuart+kristine	
Jan 15 2006	First world prices for third world standards	I've rated the stay as terrible because although there were no specific problems - the hotel seemed extremely overpriced for what it offered, about US$700 for three nights in the executive suite.Remember this is not part of a western hotel group, it is part of an Indian group and the fixtures (plasticky) and furnishings (old and worn out) reflect that. Although the prices of the executive suite in which we stayed were comparable to very good international chains.Also lhe location is excellent, but the beach is full of cigarette stubs.	
Dec 5 2005	Great Little Hotel	Thanks to Sarfraz at Vacations to Go, I recently stayed at the Regent Beach Resort for a week in a sea view room. Let me first comment on the employees there. They are OUTSTANDING. They are always very polite and handled my every need. As a female who was traveling alone it was great to know I always had someplace to turn to if I needed information or some other kind of help.While the rooms could use a bit of updating, it was clean and comfortable. The housekeeping staff kept the room clean and the view was quite nice. I would awaken each day to sight of the sea (and construction). One note..because this hotel is across from Jumeriah open beach, beware that you will have slight noise both from people on the beach and the construction. However, this did not pose a problem for me and I happen to be quite sensitive to noise that disturbs my rest. The breakfast buffet is extensive and the food good. They even have a made to order omelet bar. I would definitely suggest using Sarfraz and the Regent Beach Resort. My stay was so pleasant I plan to return in March.	
Nov 27 2005	Great location	Just got back from 4 night stay - this hotel is in a fantastic location across a very small road to the public beach. The hotel is clean with two restaurants on site. We had B&amp;B and no complaints with breakfast. Travelled into the city each evening and the only drawback of being on the beach was the horrendous traffic but even with that inconvenience we were so glad to have booked this hotel on the beach rather than in the city. The only other thing i didnt read about this hotel before is that there is no alcohol served there. Not that big a deal if you know beforehand but we didnt realise and there is nowhere even nearby to get a drink - but there is a fridge in the room to put your own drink. Not a top class hotel but staff friendly and helpful, cabs easy to get and a various malls within walking distance if you fancy a walk - thorougly enjoyable stay	
Nov 3 2005	GREAT little hotel	Just returned from 6 nights stay at the Regent Beach Resort. We arrived 4 hours before the official 1400hrs check-in time but that wasn't a problem, we were shown to our room within 15 minutes of checking-in. All staff very polite, helpful and efficient. The rooms spacious, clean and with effective air conditioning. Very helpful housekeeping staff who can't do enough to help you - thank you Raj. Great location, essentially right on the wonderful beach and not far from the Wild Wadi Water Park and Burj Al Arab, 15 minutes in taxi to city centre. Big supermarket and 2 smaller shopping malls just 10 minutes walk from hotel. The pool area is a bit tight for space and would benefit from a little updating but serves the purpose well enough - free daily supply of nice beachtowels for use either at the pool area or beach. Like all hotel minibars please avoid using as very expensive!! We hope to return to Dubai early next year and will definately try and rebook for the Regent Beach again. Great little hotel in an even greater location.	
Aug 5 2005	Excellent hotel	Excellent hotel, service was good. Although the hotel was a 3*, it was better than that. Our room was big,comfortable and our beds was kingsize. The staff were friendly and helpful. The beach was two minutes walk from the hotel and it was about 15 minutes in a cab to the famous Burj Al Arab on Jumeriah Beach. We would definitely go there again.	
May 31 2005	Loved it		
Apr 5 2005	Had a great time at the Regent Beach Resort		
Mar 9 2005	Thanks to all the staff at Regent Beach Resort !		
Mar 1 2005	It was just OK		
Feb 27 2005	Getting better		
Feb 27 2005	I liked the Regent Beach Resortu		
Jan 20 2005 	Just dont do it!!!!		
Jan 8 2005 	Just a nightmare		
Nov 25 2004	Bad experience in Dubai		
Sep 29 2004	3 star hotel in 5 star location		
