	Fantastic place!	We only stayed in this hotel for one night, but the experience was amazing. As other travellers, we arrived at 7am, but were offered drinks and complimentary breakfast and we could check into our room at 10am. The hotel is very spacious and with great facilities: spa, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. It is a shame we did not have enough time to enjoy it all.Location is great, very close to bars and restaurants, but at the same time steps from the beach. Our room was very big, with a great view over the sea from the balcony. Very clean and modern.Breakfast was fantastic and would suit any diet.If I am ever back in Dubai, I would stay there again.	
	Beautiful hotel fabulous location excellent service	My husband, son (aged 6) and I have just returned from our first trip to Dubai, having stayed at Le Royal Meridien. The trip was a surprise for my 40th birthday and my husband could not have chosen a better place in which to celebrate my birthday! Everything, and I mean everything, was superb. The staff though were the icing on the cake. They were so helpful and friendly, although at the same time not intrusive. Our son had a slight accident one morning and they could not have been more helpful in getting the hotel medic, ensuring we were all ok and keeping in touch with us to ensure he was ok on the following days. My only wish is that we could have stayed longer to enjoy even more of this fabulous hotel. We will definitely be back!	
	Ready to go back!!	WE just got back from 5 days in dubai at Le Royal Meridien, and LOVED it!!! after staying in many luxury hotels around the world, i would definitly say that this hotel is true luxury 5 star service. The staff anticipates your needs, and is very available at all moments to make your trip special. My boyfriend and I arrived very early in the morning, and the hotel made it a point not only to have our room ready for us in the towers, but to come in with a beautiful breakfast and champagne to welcome us to the hotel.The beachfront location is perfect, in the middle of the jumeriah beach hotels, with private beach and pool, very clean and prviate, all other facilities were nice as well.We are definitly looking forward to going back to le royal meredien next year.The staff was wonderful and the hotel as well, all around a perfect holiday break	
Nov 22 2009 	Fabulous birthday	Stayed at le Royal Meridien 14th November till 21st to celebrate my husbands 50th birthday, we have had a fabulous time the hotel is lovely the staff are so friendly and helpful and the gardens are imaculate. My husband opened his birthday cards on his birthday and we left them in our room on our return they had put a birthday cake some champagne on ice and a card in our room we thought this was so nice of the staff and a lovely surprise we didnt expect. We were on arrival upgraded to a suite from a club room wich was excellent the suite was beautifully decorated and huge we didnt want to leave will definately be back we have a brilliant time	
Nov 22 2009 	great beach location great holiday hotel if you don't want to travel far	Loved the beach and gardens settings. Club facilities are only worth doing if you do not want to move away from the hotel. October weather is perfect for Dubai. Felt the hotel was a bit far away from a lot of the shopping malls and attractions, although THE WALK is right next door to people watch and see the fancy cars pass by in the evening. The Tower room was lovely but bathroom a little small for what you pay per night here and we arrived at 7am and our room wasn't ready until 4pm!! The spa wasn't open for ladies when we were there and we weren't pre warned which was very annoying as a major part of my holiday. Restaurants were expensive but good. We have stayed in dubai many times and fancied a change from the Grand Hyatt but the Hyatt has by far the best buffet breakfast you have ever seen. The Meridien breakfasts were poor in both Tower and main restaurants. Staff were not as friendly but the Hyatt is more of a business hotel but still our favourite apart from the Burj Al Arab of course. The beach location saves this hotel I think.	
Nov 18 2009 	Why would you stay anywhere else?	Just returned from a trip to this hotel. I have stayed at Le Royal many times and consider it and its sister hotel the best in Dubai...i have stayed in every hotel worth trying!Why? They have the best management and staff that make every guest feel special and individual. Nothing is a problem and every request is fulfilled. The hotels are excellent and the grounds of Le Royal are second to none. I always stay with club facilities and think the extra money you pay up front is worth every penny. Their club facilities are among the best in the world never mind Dubai. Seriously...try it!I recommend these hotels to all my friends and family. They have all treid it and no one has ever been let down. As my sub line asks...why would you stay anywhere else?Already booked up for another 16 nights ina few months...Mark &amp; Gail	
Nov 17 2009 	Wonderful hotel great service	This hotel is excellently located on the beach in a quiet area. No noise, just peace and quiet. It is wonderful to just walk out the hotel through the beautiful garden to the beach. Hotel service is excellent and so is the food. We didn't try all restaurants but the lunch buffet was fantastic. Great place for a romantic long weekend together!	
Nov 17 2009 	complete relaxation and luxury	We have just spent 5 wonderful days here- wish it had been more. The hotel may not have the glitzy appeal of say of the Mirage, but I think that is a plus point. We had a sea view Tower room, which was beautifully furnished with a huge balcony with views over the hotel gardens to the Palm and Burj Al Arab beyond.The bed was incredibly comfortable, and the bathroom, with separate shower room , marble and lovely. We appreciated the free mineral water, fruit, and evening food extras- cake cookies etc, and the turn down service chocolates.Check- in was efficient , and, as our room was not ready (we arrived at 9.30am) we had our luggage stored, and used the Spa to change into swimming stuff for a morning by the pool. We had a bleep to let us know when the room was ready- soon after 1. We had access to the club lounge- a real money-saver-- with free soft drinks available all day, and alcoholic drinks with delicious canapes between 6 and 8. These were not rationed either- the lovely staff were quick to offer another as soon as we finished one.We were on a half-board package, which gave us a meal in the Brasserie, or 165$uae towards a meal in one of the 7 other restaurants en site. Be warned 165$ will not go far- but the buffet food in the Brasserie was superb, and different every night so we only ate elsewhere once- at the Arabian restaurant, which also was excellent.The gardens and pools are wonderful, with plenty of loungers and towels whenever you need them. The thoughtful touches of cold flannels, coldwater misters and slush-puppy drinks given regularly were much appreciated. We liked swimming in the sea- so warm- but there is a choice of 3 lovely pools too, surrounded by palm trees and flower beds all beautifully maintained.The whole hotel is spotless, and the staff amazing- always giving a smiling welcome, and so helpful. You might not want to leave the hotel at all, but just round the corner is the new marina development with The Walk- lots of restaurants and shops and worth an afternoon stroll. We also booked tea at the Skybar of Burj Al Arab- $395 but worth it for the experience. I also recommend a city tour- we did one with Arabian Adventures that included the Jumeira Mosque, Dubai Museum, the old quarter, a boat trip across the creek to finish in the Spice and Gold Souks	
Nov 16 2009 	fab location after some miss haps	bad start as emirates flight over to dubai was rough so no drinks or food for 3hrs! arrived in dubai airport 7.30am to be met by arrabian adventures all seemed well,but then we were stood outside airport waiting for our transfer?we had read about lack of transfers from our hotel on trip advisor we were stood in what seemed like 40deg heat while arrabian adventures argued it out with taxi men for 40mins until i comlained and he got us a taxi,arrived at hotel looked fab in foyer and wer told room not ready but gave us a pager and we took are suitcases and got changed in spa ,we were only allowed snack breakfast dont know why in club lounge as we were club but was not really suitable after traveling so long? anyway of we went to sunbath what can i say if anything pool to warm lol, fab all the way beach buitiful sea hot mirky in the afternoon though oil one day?then we were paged so we were told to go to club reception where we were checked in all seemed well until we were taken to our room very partial sea view and smelt of smoke (9th floor) ? so even though we were tired and had left home 24hrs before we trudged back down to reception as we had paid for a seaview and we dont smoke, usually we would not moan or grumble but this holiday was alot of money and only 6 nights,anyway they got the manager or one of them she was really nice but no rooms in hotel at all so would we stay there 1 night and then we could have seaview on different floor, we held out for evening meal as we were already on the club which is def worth it if you like a few drinks before dinner but know point in day time as you cant wear shorts so you would need to get changed before aftrenoon tea! to hot for that, club saved us about £100 a night in drinks as its a 2hr bar and snacks only thing snacks that good u dont need a meal lol, day 2 we were moved to the tower with the best view of the burge and marina fab rooms loverly new part of hotel bet smells damp alot that was only downside as everthing else after that was brill hotel is loverly grounds are prob best ive ever had ,u can walk on the beach for a long way and you can walk out on a night along the walk next to our hotel loverly resturants,cafes,shops and most expensive cars in the world aprrantly, and some hotels and complexs,only one thing men have to wear long trousers and it was 33deg at 1am, but what a shame its usually us woman that have to suffer ! def go to the burge for afternoon tea we paid £133 more than weeks shopping but fab fab fab and u get two much ! def go to the madinat souk and say you staying at the hotel or u have booked a resturant then you get to ride on the boats a c the resort,the bus trip is a must we did the blue n red same day and saw everything including the dowh cruise it took 7hrs but worth it we just got a taxi back they are good value and quick.if you like a drink u need to go to hotels as most places dont serve alchol also not everywhere is expensive we had to fab meals on the walk one arrabic and one at the butchers shop and we ate at the meat company at maddinat, really good food our hotel is the most expensive for drinks and food but you are at the nicest place ever x	
Nov 16 2009 	Fabulous service luxury all the way	Having stayed at the Royal Meridien i could not recommend it more highly. The service was amazing from start to finish, with an extremely friendly welcome from all the staff we met along the way. Can't express how much i enjoyed the cold towels brought round by the pool and the water spritzers. The whole place was spotless and our room was even better than expected as we got a partial sea view, depsite having not paid for one. Having dined at the world's only 7* hotel while i Dubai i have to say the service at the Royal Meridien was far superior. I would definitely go there again. For those thinking about going to Dubai i would also really recommend the Desert Safari - that was incredible and really really good value!	
Nov 14 2009 	An amazing honeymoon at Le Royal Meridien	We decided to honeymoon at Le Royal Meridien following all the excellent TripAdvisor reviews. Our whole stay at the hotel exceeded all our already high expectations. All the staff were most friendly &amp; helpful, even from when the very first moment we were greeted by Bassesh at the airport. Our room in the Tower was absolutely perfect &amp; the complimentary champagne &amp; rose petals scattered in the room on our arrival was a lovely touch. There was a great choice for breakfast &amp; food at Prime Rib &amp; Maya were top class. It was great to lounge by the pools &amp; on the beach (which was immaculate) and receive the cold towels, water sprays &amp; &quot;slushies&quot; to cool down which were regularly distributed thoughout each day.Overall this was an amazing stay &amp; we would like to thank all the staff at Le Royal Meridien. We highly recommend this hotel &amp; can't wait to return. John - Ireland	
Nov 14 2009	The best hotel I have stayed in -Le Royal Meridien Dubai	We have just returned back to Glasgow from a 8 night stay at Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa, Dubai. This hotel has to be one of the best hotel properties I have stayed in as I usually stay at Hilton, totally different and much much better. From the moment you check in your treated like royalty all the way. The staff are fantastic everywhere you went and made you feel welcome at all times. The room we had was changed the next day and we had a great view of the beach and the grounds and also view Palm Jumeirah where the Atlantis is located and also looking onto the Burj Al Arab. The food in hotel was 100% at the Brasserie Restaurant and the executive lounge was superb. Sitting outside everynight at temperature of 29 Degrees. The private beach is great and staff are very friendly and will help you to get you spot on the beach. I would recommend anyone to stay here. The weather was brilliant, its a bit of culture shock returning to the cold depressing weather. We would definitely return to this property again. Thank you again to all the staff who took care of us during our stay at Le Royal Meridien. Next time I hope I will make a point of meeting the General Manager Ms Pam Wilby. A Great hotel and we are so glad we booked to stay here.	
Nov 13 2009 	Perfect hotel with fantastic service - definitely book for a relaxing break	My husband and I stayed at the hotel at the end of August for a week. We booked this hotel purely through great trip advisor reviews, so thank you trip advisor! We booked for a relaxing break after a few busy and stressful months and we came away feeling revived for weeks afterwards. The hotel itself is kept beautifully and the staff couldn't do enough for you. We were so impressed from the moment we stepped out of the car to be greeted by name and whisked to our room. Because it was our first wedding anniversary, champagne and chocolates were waiting for us, with the bed sprinkled with rose petals. We were in a club room which I highly recommend. We only booked it through looking at other people's advice here. It basically means that breakfast and afternoon tea (which is as many sandwiches, cakes and soft drinks you can manage!) is included, so you don't need to spend money on food and drink throughout the day. It also includes a happy hour in the evening and means that once we'd had a few cocktails before dinner, we didn't feel the need to then spend a fortune drinking throughout the evening. We also went half-board (great choice of food each evening), so we didn't spend a great deal when we were there - which meant we could relax, as the prices are ferocious! (Not just for the hotel but the Middle East in general). Always room by the pool, iced drinks and buckets and cold towels brought round to you, lovely places to drink in the evening with really warm and friendly staff etc. I could go on, but in essence, it was perfect to be able to unwind in lovely surroundings and feel like you were being treated extremely well. I can be a picky traveller, so I'm delighted that trip advisor reviews lived up it! I normally wouldn't visit a place twice, but if I wanted another holiday where I knew I could completely unwind, this would be my first choice.	
Nov 10 2009 	Just for one night in Dubai	Magnificent place. Stunning construction all around, Dubai horse racing is far from here but worth the while. The hotel is top class, also the service. But you have to pay the price - it hurts!	
Nov 8 2009 	fantastic	We went back to Dubai for our anniversary. We had gone there for our honeymoon but had avoided the beach area as the palms were being constructed. This time we opted for Jumeirah beach and were not disappointed. The hotel was fantastic, the service second to none. The sea is so warm and you're looking out towards the Atlantis and up towards the Burg al Arab. Staff constantly come round lounger areas with cold flannels, sprays and slushes. You can ditch your sandy beach towel for a pristine clean one if you move to pool areas. Food was great. Ate in specialist seafood restaurant first night. You choose your victim from tank. Found out that the brasserie did specialist seafood and Asian nights as well. It was the best. Huge buffet offering everything you could want at set price. My husband ate a doz oysters! Went to Wild Wadi but also water park at Atlantis. Chance to get on Palm. Great photo shots. Took monorail back to mainland. Great way of seeing palm. Very cheap. Ate out one night at Mexican restaurant close to hotel, along The Walk. Very good. £10 for both of us, though, of course, no drink. Usual price of meal in hotel with drinks was £90-100. I can't recommend enough a dhow dinner cruise on Dubai Creek. Fantastic and good value for money. Makes you think about maybe staying in that area in future. Wonderful holiday, bit of building site all around, not much of it attractive but hotel is on beach side of it and is perfect.	
Nov 7 2009 	Not that good	We visited this hotel in a hope that we will have a relaxed stay but on the contrary too many troubles were waiting for us there. Rooms not nice with bad view, bad service from the staff at times. Overall, not good jumeirah was much more fun and elegant. Would not recommend it .	
Nov 7 2009 	Amazing Hotel	Incredible hotel, the suites are out of this world, worth every penny.	
Nov 5 2009 	Your Dubai pick if beach 	Although one of the 'older' hotels in the Dubai Marina and as far as building architecture goes not very impressive seen from the front, once inside or entering the huge garden and beach this is one of the best hotels of Dubai and although expensive, at par with hotels 2-3 times more expensive. So a very good luxury hotel deal. The rooms are big and decent, but not jaw-dropping if it comes to decoration. But you come here especially for the garden, pool and beach and the Dubai Marina location. These are huge and absolutely fantastic. Also worth mentioning is the very good and big gym.(If it is just for business with your room to sleep and shower and only time for restaurants, drinks and logistics, I recommend the Meridien in front of the Dubai airport at less than half the price.)The hotel’s Lebanese restaurant Al Khaima is very good with an impressive outside seating in the garden with tents, good food and adequate live music. The fact that many Emiratis dine here as well is proof. The after-dinner sit or just coming for drinks to Al Khaima with the long-lasting shisha is also highly recommended. The Mexican restaurant Maya has a very nice setting and from Dubai-based friends we understand that the Maya food and ambiance are also very good and also a good place for drinks on the roof top terrace.Only points of criticism. If breakfast is not included in your room rate, they charge you AED 140 (USD 38) per person. This seems a hefty sum for a normal light breakfast, unless you want to stuff yourself, because I have to admit that the choice and quality are great. To avoid gaining weight, we recommend walking 10-15 minutes Dubai Marina's The Walk and breakfast / lunch normal proportions at Le Pain Quotidien or Paul for half the price.Really annoying is to send somebody to the garden before 08:00 to cover your favourite pool / beach chairs with the green hotel beach / pool towels, then leave them there the full day, only to use the chairs a couple of hours. This is a poor culture for a wealthy person. Unbelievable, around breakfast time 70-80% of all chairs are already taken by towels! The hotel should start removing these towels.	
Nov 5 2009 	What a wonderful hotel an amazing holiday made unforgettable by LRM	I have delayed writing this review as I have terrible holiday blues and it was just too soon to relive it all! I have never felt compelled to write a review but this hotel has done the trick, the reason we booked it was down to trip advisor and people singing LRM’s praises. What an amazing hotel, myself and my partner stayed here on the 21st September for 1 week. 1 week is not enough!!! Flight with virgin was fine but the plane was a bit shabby. We were greeted at the airport by a very posh looking car and taken to our hotel. The journey was great as you get to see all the amazing high rise buildings on the way. We arrived at the hotel around 7am and went to the desk to check in, we were given cold towels to cool us down the sweltering heat. We took a seat to wait for our check in, around 5 minutes later we were taken to the tower reception and given an upgrade to a tower room which was treat! We waited until around 1 o’clock for our room to be ready which was slightly boring but well worth the wait. The room was lovely – not as modern as most hotels but it was perfect. A super king sized bed which was the best nights sleep I have ever had. Lovely bathroom with Hermes toiletries and a large flat screen in the bedroom. Our balcony was also huge with amazing views of the Plam, Atlantis and the Burj. We were given chocolates for our room on the first day, and then on a daily basis we were provided with fruit and fresh yummies from the in-house bakery. Because of our upgrade we were also given a free bottle of wine a night which saved a lot of money! We ordered a DVD one evening and this was bought up with some popcorn which was a nice little touch!We didn’t eat in the hotel as I had been recommended so many restaurants by friends! Barasti bar at the Le Meridian down the road is a must, the Barasti fish and chips are amazing! We also went to the Budda bar which is in the Grovesnor hotel, drinks aren’t cheap but we were given a private lounge with our own personal waitress! We also visited Eauzone at the One and Only Royal Mirage, this was the most amazing meal I have ever eaten. It came to around £80 for 2 courses each, a bottle of water and 2 glasses of wine, but we didn’t mind paying this as the food was exceptional. The setting is lovely as well. We also ordered room service one night which was great and very reasonable. We visited the glasshouse which is attached to the Gordon Ramsay restaurant. The food here was also very good – steak like butter! Everywhere you go in Dubai you do need to take a taxi, but they are very cheap so we didn’t find this too much of a problem. Also in the heat walking is the last thing we wanted to do..! A few people have complained about the construction noise infront of the hotel. You can hear it but it wasn’t a disruption and you get used to it after a while. The free shuttle to the malls was great as they aren’t that close to the hotel, Dubai mall is much better than the Emirates mall as there is a lot more shops. We bought the Entertainer book when we were out there. This costs around £50, but the savings are huge especially if you are looking to do things like the water parks. There is buy one get one free vouchers for everywhere you could imagine, most book shops stock the Entertainer. We also visited Atlantis for the lost chambers which was good fun, but it doesn’t take you long to get round there. The beach in the hotel was paradise but be warned the sea is boiling and so is the sand!!! We went to a market called Karama, this is quite far out and cost us around £30 return for a private car (we chose this as they are supplied by the hotel - a lot of the taxi drivers in Dubai pretend they don’t know where they are going..!) Karama market is very run down, the cheaper part of the city, but if you are looking for high quality imitation bags, watches etc this is the place to go but be prepared to haggle!Sunbathing round the pool was brilliant, always free sunbeds and during the hottest part of the day the pool men hand out cold towels and ice shots. They are also happy for you to fill up an ice bucket to keep bottles of water from your room in which is good as the drinks round the pool are pricey. We also visited the revolving restaurant, I was recommended this by a work colleague, I wont be taking his advice again..! We ended up travelling miles and paying around £80 for a buffet! Buffet may be your sort of thing but compared to the standard of food we had eaten in other places this was bad! On our last day we were bought breakfast in bed at 5.15am which was great! The breakfast in general was really good; we dined in the Tower breakfast area which was perfect as it didn’t get too busy. We did try the buffet are one morning but whished we hadn’t as we were used to much better food! So if you can upgrade to a Tower room do so as you get a lot more for your money. You can even ask the butler to run your bath for you!!! Also try the spa in the hotel, it was very relaxing and lovely settings.If you are looking to have a few drinks while away the best thing to do is buy the alcohol at the airport when you land, it is much much cheaper here and they hotel didn’t mind us emptying the mini bar to keep it in either! This hotel was amazing. I can’t wait to go back and stay for longer. They really did make it a holiday of a lifetime. The staff were so polite and nothing was ever too much to ask of them. I also received a letter a couple of days ago from the hotel wishing us well and thanking us for our stay. I feel I should have written to them with my thanks! They were fantastic. On the reviews that are saying this hotel is like Benidorm… just because people have tattoos it does not mean they are bringing the standards of the hotel down! There are 3 pools, if you don’t like the people move to another! If you like good food and a taste of luxury, LRM and Dubai are for you. I can’t wait for my next visit!!!!!	
Nov 4 2009 	fantasic time yet again at lrm	This was our second time this year to Le Royal Meridien and will be going again for xmas and new year. What this hotel lacks in wow factor it certainly makes up for in service and hospitality. There is a wonderful welcoming atmosphere when you walk through the lobby. Every member of staff are so well trained and nothing is too much trouble.The management should pride themselves in creating such a personal feel to the hotel, quite an achievement for a larger hotel chain.The childrens facilities at the hotel are great, the staff organise football training and tournaments, have carnival days, discos etc. It is not just a token kids club the staff show real interest for a change!many thanks lrm	
Nov 4 2009 	everything you want!!	I have been to Dubai many times staying in the Mina Seyahi, Hilton Jumeriah and City Centre hotels.We were upgraded to a sea view from our land view club. We were there for the grand prix in Abu Dhabi, the hotel was perfect for down time after the hustle and bustle of the race.The hotel is a fantastic example of what a 5* hotel should be like and best so far:1. Quality and service from staff was impeccable and in my opinion just as important as facilities. Last year I stayed at Westin Jumeriah and the service was 2* at best. I can’t remember all the names of all the staff at the Club but Jaki &amp; Joe stick out most of all. 2. Spa was refreshing and not utilised enough by guests – better for us though!3. Food was great and of high standard, although we only ate breakfast.4. We had a return flight at midnight and checked out at 1pm. Use of the Spa, beach and even Club lounge for free drinks and canapés after check out was much appreciated.A couple of negative points for me:1. The attitudes of some guests towards staff, even if you are a paying customer one should have respect and etiquette for hotel staff serving your needs. They are human beings and equal as well in my eyes even if you do have millions of cash.2. Minor point was high price of food and alcohol in hotel (we used the walk as an alternative) but that’s standard across most hotels.All in all a fantastic hotel and I would love to come back to with my family. Well done!	
Nov 3 2009 	lovely hotel but pricey	first time in dubai and really enjoyed our trip. Hotel was nearly all i expected, staff werefantastic, but food and drink very exspensive.Buffet breakfast was not 5 star, paid for room service for 4 mornings out of 5.If dubai want repeat visits they need to offer better deals.	
Nov 3 2009 	Dubai is reachin' for the stars Le Royal Meridien is outa this world !!	14 days, never left the hotel.5th time in Dubai, 3rd time at Meridien done the shops, been on the tours, seen the sights,14 days chillin' by the pool, being waitered on, strollin' in the grounds day or night is a pleasure.Bumped into ourselves 25 years from now, an old couple in their 70's on their 15th visit to Meridien.Do us all a favour, keep it to your self will ya !!	
Nov 3 2009	fantastic choice for 1st visit to Dubai	My mum, sister and I arrived at 0100 on the 12th October 2009, very tired and needing to settle in, we were greeted by Kate at reception, she smiled and advised us we had been upgraded to the club. Kate came with us to the room explained all the services available. We stayed a week in luxury, every part of the hotel was spotless and very safe. We went for a swin at 0730 every morning it was just like getting in a bath. We stayed on a half board basis, well worth it. The breakfast had every thing you could dream of and the evening meal was a buffet choice, which again had every choice of food you could imagine. The hotel staff could not do enough for you espically Jacki in the club lounge. We met some lovely people and would recommend this hotel to any one. I would visit this hotel again and again. If you do visit go to the hum hum pools.	
Nov 3 2009 	wonderful staffsuperb hotel	my daughter and her husband recommended the hotel to us many years ago after being so impressed with it on her first visit and we loved it so much when we stayed that we have been staying regularly with them ever since.the staff are wonderful and make you feel very welcome and they cant do enough for you.the facilities,restaurants and service are superb,which is why there are lots of repeat guests.we are going again this christmas with our daughter and son in law for 8 nights on december 20th and we will be celebrating our ruby wedding anniversary and they are celebrating their first wedding anniversary and know the hotel will make this a memorable and special occasion for us as they did when my husband had his 60th there presenting him with several cakes card and champagne and gave us a room with super views.we can not rec commend this hotel enough to everyone,you will not be disappointed.its not too big to feel impersonal and you will get looked after so well you will want to go back again and agian,as we do.we look forward to seeing all the staff again shortly. mr and mrs wilkinson	
Nov 1 2009 	Amazing birthday treat	Arrived at LRM at 8am on husband's 50th birthday. Although the room wasn't ready we were provided with a pager and were given a complimentary breakfast. Our luggage was secured which gave us an opportunity to explore the hotel and grounds which are impressive. At 11 am we were provided with tea and cookies (again complimentary) and by 11.30 am shown to a deluxe sea view room on the 6th floor of the main building. Although we didn't receive an upgrade we were perfectly satisfied with our room which had everything you needed.During the afternoon a cake, sparkling wine, bouquet and card were delivered to the room for my husband which was a nice touch. That evening we dined at Prime Rib which although not cheap, was excellent, and the staff very attentive.Breakfast was taken in the main restaurant and there was plenty of choice, we were always seated promptly.All the staff we encountered during our stay (5 nights) were extremely friendly, polite and efficient - we didn't encounter any problems. The pool areas and beach was also well serviced and there were plenty of sunbeds all around the grounds. the sea temperature was approx 32°C - like stepping into a warm bath - bliss!We booked 3 trips through Arabian Adventures, the only one we weren't keen on was the Dune Dinner - felt it was over-priced.On our last evening we dined at Maya which was excellent. We started off with a Mojito in the upstairs bar, then dined on the outside terrace - perfect. Try the Guacamole (freshly prepared at your table) - delicious. The staff again were extremely attentive and friendly.We thoroughly enjoyed our first trip to Dubai and LRM and will certainly return in the future.	
Oct 31 2009 	Relaxing and wished we could have stayed for longer...	The rooms were to be expected, but the balcony was very nice at night. The choice of different restaurants at the hotel was amazing- you could stay there for a week without leaving and still not have eaten at all the restaurant. We also went out for the day and were able to leave our suitcases there. The beach was very nice and quiet. There were three swimming pools of which two of them had pool bars. lots of room to swim and the pools were never crowded. Grounds were peaceful.	
Oct 31 2009 	The best of all the 'number 1' trip advisor hotels i've stayed at. Staff have a real generosity of spirit.	Before booking a hotel we always look at tripadvisor to see if we can afford the 'number 1' in the area we're after. My husband booked this as a surprise for me and it is the very best. We got a free upgrade, our room was available at 6.00 a.m . when check in is 2 p.m. and everything was perfect. It's not just all the stuff you pay for (entry to the club etc) but the things you feel you get as extras, daily fruit, fantastic penguin club, cakes, chocs, amazing service but most importantly and invaluably staff attitude. Nothing is too much trouble. We hate being fussed over and feeling served - here we were looked after in a way that made us feel good and enjoy ourselves. Add to that excellent value (particularly for Dubai), excellent location, champagne breakfasts and wonderful immaculate grounds. Unusually for us we never do repeat holidays but we will go back next year. Cannot believe this hotel is now number 3......it's the best. And to those people who complain about prices.....get a life and get out of the hotel. There are loads of wonderful eateries on the walk. If you went out you'd see what you get for your money in LRM.	
Oct 30 2009 	First Class Stay First Class Service	We're just back from a five night stay at LRM, and it was our first ever visit to Dubai. From the point we pulled up at the door to us having to go back to the airport again, everything was simply first class. The check in process was smooth (even at two in the morning when we arrived), rooms were spacious and spotlessly clean and the service from the staff was unbelievable - nothing was too much trouble. We had a Club room which included breakfast, afternoon tea and scones/sandwiches and two hours of drinks included from early evening. The thing that makes the hotel so good is the little extras - turndown service, chocolates on the pillows, water in the rooms, water sprays/cold towels/cold drinks at the pool, all given with a smile and no extra charge. We travelled with a four and a half year old who went to the kids club quite a few times and thoroughly enjoyed it, with varied activities inculding dance classes, pizza making and party games - she loved it and the staff were excellent with her. I do have to laugh at some of the comments made by previous reviewers about the food and drink prices though - it's a five star hotel, so what did you expect exactly? There's the option of 'The Walk' around the corner from the complex, which is a road lined with every conceivable kind of restaurant with food at prices comparable to what you would pay in the UK if you want to keep the costs down (ideal if you have kids as most have childrens menus). All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone - especially if you like your celebrity spotting by the pool!	
Oct 28 2009 	An Impressive Hotel	The hotel more than lived up to my expectations having selected it on the basis of previous Trip Advisor reviews. Our stay was a short but memorable one. We chose to stay in the Club Room block room number 458. The 4 indicating the floor level of which there were approximately 10. The room was well appointed, with sufficient space for my teenage daughter to share the room comfortably. It is essential to stay in a sea view room in any of the blocks I would suggest to avoid overlooking the nearby building sites, of which there are many! The approach to the hotel is far from impressive but do not be alarmed, once inside, the grounds and buildings are meticulously maintained with sufficient space for all even when the hotel is full - as it was during our stay.The benefits of the Club room option are several - a separate breakfast area where you can sit inside or out and at which bacon is served for non Muslim residents. Dubai seems more relaxed in its approach to visitors than other countries I have visited. Afternoon tea is served at 3pm in the Club Lounge area - delightful fresh sandwiches, cakes and scones - delicious to eat as are the range of snacks served between 18.30 and 20.30 in the same areas. During this time a range of alcoholic drinks are free to Club Room residents.Given that eating in the hotel restaurants, of which there are many, is costly, as other Trip Advisor reviewers have mentioned, it is possible to use the evening snacks served in the Club Lounge in lieu of an evening meal - it depends upon your hunger, preferences and your budget! Three swimming pools, large grass areas to sit in with plenty of shade and a beautifully warm sea to swim in add to the positive experience that his hotel provides. The courtesy, helpfulness and professionalism of all staff were impressive - never before have I had a hand written note of thanks from the room cleaner for whom I had left a tip!The hotel was one of the first to open in the area some fifteen years ago and, therefore, its grounds are far more established. Judging by the range of awards on display in the main reception area, it works hard to retain the high reputation it has deservedly acquired.	
Oct 27 2009 	Wonderful hotel	After a long 10 day safari trip to Tanzania being pampered in Dubai seemed like a good idea. Staying at the Le Royal Meridian, I was right.   I got the room for ae$900 a night. When I checked in they upgraded me to club level. This was nice since you get breakfast included and what a buffet they had.   While on safari you ate what they cook and the food was really good, but it is nice to have a choice. Also included in the club level was the hospitality room where you could get soft drinks, water, juices and at certain times alcohol drinks.  The room were spacious and the staff were so courteous. They have three pools and a private beach. The beach was cool but the water was so warm, it felt better in the pool. They pamper you in the pool area also. Coming around with water misters, cold towels, shots of slushies, fruits, and since I was only out there for a couple of hours, who knows what else.  Not sure if I will ever be back to Dubai, but if I do, I would most certainly stay at the Le Royal Meridian hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	Good hotel just take a fat wallet	We stayed here with our two teenage daughters and booked two half board seaview rooms. We booked a transfer from the airport through the hotel. I emailed the hotel before we left and had to send three emails before I got a response to my questions and a quote for a transfer although I got read receipts for all my messages.We flew from Glasgow direct on Emirates and although the flight was good the Emirates food left a lot to be desired. We have been to Dubai previously with Emirates two years previously and the food was much better then. We were impressed by the new Emirates terminal on arrival. We were met by a very nice staff member at the airport and whisked off to the hotel as arranged.We were sat down in reception to check in and given orange juice. I asked about an upgrade to the room which I was prepared to pay for but was told the hotel was full and this wasnt possible.We were shown to our rooms which I must say were somewhat dissapointing but adequate. We stayed at the One and Only Royal Mirage previously and the rooms we had there were much better. The rooms had a great view though of the pool area, the sea and the Palm. There was no seperate shower only a shower over the bath and the rooms although adequate were more what I would expect from a Marriot or similar type of hotel.It was my wifes birthday on the day we travelled and the hotel had put a cake in the room with a birthday message.As we arrived on the Emirates flight at midnight local time we got to the hotel about 2am and were hungry so only had the option of ordering from room service which is expensive, the drinks in the minibar are expensive also. The breakfast buffet was good with a wide choice of food to suit all tastes and great service. The service and staff were impeccable throughout our stay. Although on half board we didnt eat in the buffet at all in the evenings and chose to try the different restaurants for which we got a half board allowance but only enough to pay a small part of the meal as the food in the restaurants is expensive but good. The mexican one was my favourite with a good live group playing until after midnight and the asian fusion my daughters favourite, great food in all of them and wonderful service at all times, cant fault the staff. The one real bugbear is the price of drinks and I am not averse to spending money on holiday but around seven uk pounds for a beer is just too much, even the soft drinks are very pricy. This meant instead of doing what we usually would and spending time in the bars after dinner we would either just have one drink or none at all. We couldnt visit the outdoor mexican rooftop bar as they wouldnt allow our 16 year old to go there, dont know why as we took her in the other bars with us. We went in the piano bar after dinner one evening and there was a really good female singer performing to an empty room, maybe all the other guests were drinking supermarket booze in their rooms ! I cant imagine that drinks are this sort of price throughout Dubai in general and I do appreciate it costs a lot to run a hotel like this but surely these prices will reduce income and not increase it overall ?The guests seemed to be a mix of english, russians, germans and a few others, no problems or noisy people. Quite a few children but all well behaved.The pools were nice and always had free sunbeds, cold towels were brought a couple of times while we were there but no complimentary fruit or iced drinks like we were given at the One and Only. The beach was clean and the sea lovely and warm as always. I would possibly stay here again as overall its a nice hotel, wonderful staff and good location but hope they will rethink their drink prices or the pound will get stronger which would help !On our return we had room service breakfast at 4.30am and our transfer was outside the hotel as arranged at 5.30am The driver asked us if we had our passports and tickets and where we were flying to, we told him we were flying to Glasgow and he said ok thats Terminal 2 so we sat back and were taken to the Terminal where we alighted, tipped the driver and went in with our cases. On reading the departure boards all the way down the terminal there was no Glasgow listed so we asked at the information desk to be told we were at the wrong termimal ! Somehwhat annoyed would be an understatement and we had to go outside, find the shuttle bus after some trouble and get over to the right terminal by which time we were stressed, our flight was being called as we entered the terminal so no time as planned to spend the last Dirhams and buy last minute gifts and duty free.I emailed the hotel after we got back to complain about being taken to the wrong terminal and suggested we should have some recompense from the 600 Dirhams paid for the service. The Manager emailed me and aplogised and offered an upgrade next time we visit the hotel which isnt really addressing the issue and offering something which the majority of guests seem to get for free if you read the tripadvisor reviews. Anyway despite that bit of stress at the end overall a good break, too short as always and could do with more acceptable arrival and departure flight times but wont be long before we are back in Dubai.	
Oct 26 2009 	Pure luxury - excellent start to our Honeymoon	We spent three days (two nights) at Le Royal Meridien, on the way to the Maldives on our honeymoon.We were in a Tower Room, with amazing views over the hotel grounds, the sea and the Burj Al-Arab. The room was extremely comfortable and as a special treat the hotel organised a bottle of champagne for us to help celebrate our honeymoon. The food at the hotel was very, very good, we ate in the main Brasserie and the Fusion restaurant (breakfast). We found the temperatures stifling, but when we were relaxing on the sunloungers we found the staff coming round with cold towels, drinks and mist sprays. This was always very welcome! The concierge service was excellent, and we were really impressed that the staff seemed to recognise us as we moved around the hotel, many of them offering us congratulations on our recent wedding.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great but pricey!	Never stayed in Dubai before but have heard of the legendary service! Hotel really is superb - huge grounds, choice of pools, excellent gym/spa, plenty of restaurants, by the beach - everything you could ask for! Room very comfortable (but not special - stayed in Club Room).Service very good but to be honest have experienced better (travelled to Dubai from trips to Thailand and Singapore and to be fair Singapore is unsurpassed when it comes to service - recommend Mandarin Oriental if you do go to Sing). Not sure if it's fair to level this against LRM but my only gripe about Dubai is costs! It's hugely expensive - £40-£50 just for a steak - over £10 for a glass of pretty ordinary wine. Dubai has the weather going for it, and if you stayed i certainly could recommend LRM but bring deep pockets - it made Singapore look good value!!	
Oct 25 2009 	Another fabulous stay at The Royal Meridien	This was our 6th visit to the hotel and once again expectations were exceeded. In every aspect The Royal meridien delivers. It may lack the Wow factor of some of the newer hotels but this is more than compensated for by the impeccable service and presentation of the hotel. The location is unsurpassed, the collection at the airport seamless leading to an unforgettable stay. The gym and spa are amazing, prime rib a top restaurant and the pools are unsurpassed. As ever we were in the tower which allows a breakfast in fusion, so relaxing. From patrick who runs the egg station to sada, the Tower head butler, you feel like a friend returning. If the hotel falls below expectation, look at your own attitude, embrace the place and in return enjoy the reward. One negative...food and drink prices are crazy, however you get a lot in a Tower room (water and snacks0 which helps.	
Oct 25 2009	Best holiday ever!!	This is the first time we've ever placed a review on Tripadvisor, but as we chose this hotel based on it's great reviews, we wanted to add to them!The hotel is AMAZING! From the moment you arrive you are treated to pure luxury. The check in was fast &amp; smooth and our room in the Tower was fabulous, with unbelievable views over the Palm. The beds were so comfortable &amp; the maid / turn down service was superb. The food was excellent. We ate in the Brasserie, Seabreeze, Pizzeria, Ossigeno &amp; Al Khaima, plus the main pool bar. They were all first class &amp; the service, especially in Ossigeno was something special.All the hotel staff were so attentive &amp; friendly and they contributed to the wonderful experience.Pool towels are provided at many locations &amp; there are literally hundreds of sunbeds aound the pools, gardens and beach areas &amp; lots of space &amp; great sunshades. The space is huge between the gloriously comfortable beds &amp; cold flannels, slush drinks &amp; cooling sprays are provided throughout the day. What can we say about the private beach? Mindblowing!! The sand is pure white, stretches for ever &amp; you recieve the same level of service as around the three pools. The location of the hotel is great, a few mins away from The walk, a lovely shopping promenade with lots of restaurants &amp; cafes and we would definately recommend a trip to the Dubai Mall, a shoppers paradise!!It was an amazing holiday from start to finish.We will be returning next year and would highly recommend this holiday for everyone: couples, families with children &amp; solo travellers.	
Oct 23 2009 	LRM	yes not a lot further to say - the place really is good.One comment - did not appreciate being pushed for a 130dhs / night tower upgrade at 1 in the morning and then being given it for free (as expected). an upgrade should be free or not offered. This was the only hiccup the rest was all very good.	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice hotel but nothing memorable	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. Overall my stay was very pleasant; good and friendly service, comfortable rooms, good selection for breakfast, located on the beach - all that is expected in a 5-star luxury hotel. However, maybe I have been a little spoilt in my 5-star hotel stays of late, but it just seemed to miss that 'x-factor' to make it a special stay. I've stayed in other 5 star hotels throughout the UAE and Oman - and all have been more memorable than that of the Le Royal Meridien Dubai.If you are planning to stay at this hotel, I do recommend upgrading to the Club Lounge - for which for a small extra fee gives you access to the exclusive lounge area and unlimited drinks daily during 6pm - 8pm.The hotel does offer a free shuttle bus to both of the large shopping malls in Dubai and also to its sister hotel, Grosvenor House - which I do recommend visiting Bar 21 for a late night wine and beautiful night views over Dubai.I may be a bit harsh in my review but for the rate in which I paid and compared to other 5-star hotels during my stay in the UAE and Oman, I did expect a lot more.	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent	I went to LRM in Sep-09 for 4 nights with 6 friends to celebrate my 40th birthday. I was upgraded to a Tower Room, which came with a free bottle of wine each day and also free goodies left each day for both me and my friend. For my birthday the hotel surprised me with a large birthday cake for dinner and sang happy birthday to me. I was very touched. In general the service was impeccable. Nothing was too much for the staff to do. They were always polite and greeted you every day with a friendly smile. Even when we had a couple of problems with the 4 rooms we booked, the problem was sorted out swiftly and effortlessly by the front desk. What I would recommend, as previous reviewers have done, is to go half board, as the prices for food isn't cheap at all, so it pays to go for this option. Even though it limits you to the Braisserie (or a voucher towards the cost in another restaurant), my friends and I found the food to be varied and tasty enough to stick with the Braisserie for the 4 days we were there.I would most definitely go back to the LRM, when I next return to Dubai. I have no reason to try anywhere else. Yes you could pay more to get the most modern, stunning of hotels, but you can't be assured of the excellent service which the LRM gives!	
Oct 22 2009 	Wonderful Honeymoon Stop at LRM Dubai - Can't wait to go back	My wife and I celebrated our honeymoon at the end of September and flew from Canada to the Maldives for 2 weeks. We had a stop-over in Dubai and decided to check the city out for two nights. We choose LRM based on traveller's reviews.When we arrived, we were greeted with a cold towel and an orange juice. We had booked the sea view room. The receptionist asked us where we came from and what was the occasion. After we told her, she directed us to another gentlemen and he informed us that we were being upgraded to the tower suite.We were delighted to be treated this way on our honeymoon. We had to wait about an hour since we flew in @ 8 am, but in the meantime the tower reception had us waiting in the tea lounge and they offered us complimentary tea, fruits and biscuits. We finally got to the room and we where blown away. The size, elegance and sheer beauty of this hotel. The room was large and cozy. The restaurant was amazing and the grounds and pools were a refreshing part of our stay.We were @ the walk at night, went to dubai mall and took a short cab ride to the atlantis for the day. We wish we could have stayed a bit longer - but we will be back on our 1 yr anniversary. This hotel is aboslutely amazing and recommend to anyone to go there. 5 star service from a 5 star hotel. Thanks for the great memories on our short stay.	
Oct 21 2009 	Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous	We stayed at LRM for one week and can only say the experience was fabulous. I have just read some of the reviews that were very negative and all I can say is, are they sure they stayed at this hotel. Sometimes, peoples request are so over the top that no matter how good the service is, nothing would satisfy them.I can only stress that we found the experience to be wonderful.	
Oct 20 2009 	Not 5 star service....	Fantastic, stunning hotel, wonderful gardens, pool and beach, however I found the service at this hotel very poor, the worst ever, and was quite shocked at the rudness of staffUpon arrival, no car to meet, even though i had personally called and booked it the night before. Had to wait around for over 1 hour to get this sorted, on arrival i advised the receptionist of this, but he was more interested in trying to get us to pay for an upgrade. We paid for an upgrade, we upgraded from a club room to a suite, and have to say the room was very spacious and comfortable. the bedroom door handle was broke, and we kept getting locked in the bedroom, I reportede the problem to reception three times, and still was not fixed, i eventually asked room service if they could sort the problem, and he called an engineer who dealt with this straight away. It also took 3 requests for some additional coat hanges, asked for an iron, and never got one, someone had left one outside their room, so we ended up just taking this. Reception staff are rude, and do not seem interested.Breakfast is a nightmare, there does not seem to be enough staff to clear tables, so you are waiting to be seated, there is a good choice of food, however the quality is very poor, hot items such as hash browns and poached eggs are soggy, and the foood is not replenished often enough. Prices in the hotel are the most expensive i have ever experienced, £3.50 for a can of coke, £5 for a bottle of water, and almost £50 for a bottle of wine that costs £6.99 in Asda! we spent most of our time eating in other hotels, where the quality and the price are a major improvement. We also went to the local supermarket where 6 cans of coke is cheaper than the hotel!It was my husbands birthday whilst we were away, and twice i checked with reception regarding a cake, and to ensure it had the correct name on. We were lucky enough to get a cake, but the card was to me and not my husband!The pools are good, but the staff cannot be bothered to open on time, on our last day wearrived at the pool at 9am, and they had decided to hose all the parasols down, soaking all the sunbeds and towels, whilst blocking the walkway around the pool.Come 3pm they want to get rid of you, leave the pool for 10 minutes and they will have your towel moved, you cant relax late afternoon, they are constantly moving the beds around you, and taking drinks away, regardless if you have finished.The club lounge is not worth the upgrade, afternoon tea offered the same dried up tasteless sandwiches every day. On an evening they offer pre dinner drinks, however children are not allowed in, but people were just parking their children in buggies outside the door, on standing outside the lounge with their children so they could enjoy drinks. There were many children at the hotel, surely they should allow them in one of the lounges. There is no real entertainment for children, and the kids club is very poor and basic. I have stayed in Dubai numerous times, and never had a bad experience with poor servicee, Royal Meridien needs to provide staff, especially reception with some customer care training.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fantastic friendly resort	We chose the Tower, and from the moment we arrived we had a wonderfully relaxing time, made all the more special by attentive staff at all levels. As we arrived earlier than the published check-in time we were given a pager then served tea and petit fours in the cafe whilst we waited a short while for our room. We were not disappointed as the service level could not be faulted. We opted for an evening meal &amp; breakfast package that delivered high quality food in all the restaurants that we used. Our room on Tower Floor 10 was of a generous size with a large balcony with panoramic views of The Palm, Atlantis and Burj Al Arab in the distance and close by but not imposingly so were many new skyscrapers in various stages of construction that came alive at dark when 'neon lit'. Our room was serviced frequently each day by a highly professional gentleman from Sri Lanka who looked after us and made sure that we were not left wanting for anything. The beach, pools and leisure facilities were extremely good, clean and well serviced. We cannot wait to go back and would stay in the The Tower again.The Mexican restaurant called Maya currently has a resident band that started their season half way through September, they were brilliant and entertaining but no one would find them unless they had booked Maya which is on the way down to the beach. Hopefully the hotel will inform guests in future.	
Oct 19 2009 	LRM is top class	We stayed in LRM for 5 nights on our honeymoon. The hotel is fantastic. They have everything you could imagine. The grounds of the hotel are fantastic and there is loads of sunbeds for everyone. The beach area is so much quieter than the hotel pool area and theres a lovely breeze when your lying on the beach. We stayed half board. The breakfast buffet is brilliant, anything you want or dream of for breakfast is there and the dinner is the same, so much choice that its hard to decide what to eat. We stayed in a deluxe sea view room. Nice room with a good view but very small. They leave fresh fruit and bottles of water every day which is a nice touch. The food and drink is very exspensive. Bottle of corona is €8.50 and lunch will cost about €40. The hotel is fantastic and i would recommend it to anyone. I've only one bad thing to say about LRM and that is tha when we arrived after a long night flight at 10am in the morning we were told we would have to wait till 2pm to check in. We were so tired that all we wanted to do is get to our room and sleep for a while. They were not very helpful that way but all in all the hotel is fantastic and well worth the visit	
Oct 18 2009 	Waited for a long time and the dream holiday ended in a nightmare	We stayed in This Hotel during September 2009 &amp; we did booking for Two Rooms in the Month of May itself.We found lots of Good reviews on Trip Advisor for this Hotel &amp; Finally we decided to stay 3Nights in This Hotel after our Stay at Burj-Al-Arab.Whenever,we did this booking we Requested Ms.Pam Wilby-GM to Upgrade us to Suite Category as we were having special occasion that's our Marriage Anniversary.So,She upgraded us to Deluxe Suite Category.Till Here,Everything was fine &amp; we were having lots of expectations in our mind for our stay.Everything was intimated to Hotel Reservations about our Arrival Departure Details,Anniversary Dates well in advance.So,Our worst experience started whenever we reached to Hotel.We were quite aware there will be lotsof differences between Burj-Al-Arab &amp; Le RoralMeridien but we were not ready to compromise with service level whatever we received in Le Royal Meridien.We did late check-in &amp; it was around 10p.m.,after our arrival In Our Suite,we thought to prepare Tea as Tea/Coffee Maker was already available in room.But whenever we saw the condition of TeaMaker it was totally dirty &amp; they didn't wash it from couple of days. Then,Immediately we complaint &amp; ask them to replace it &amp; also advise them to keep Tea Bags/Sugar Pouches in Room.We got surprised,one of the housekeeping person came with lots of Tea Bags,Milk Pouches,Sugar Pouches in one big carry bag &amp; handed over it to us..I was really wondering Is it the Service Level?No Courtesy,no Hospitality...Atleast he should bring him in tray &amp; he should put these amenities in tray.Trust me whenever I opened that carry bag,I found 50-50items in that bag.What he wanted to prove?He didn't want to serve us again or he was in hurry.He wanted to finish his Duty asap.Then,Again I called HouseKeeping &amp; asked them to bring 2 Water Bottles.Again same thing happened,he brought 12bottles...&amp; all bottles were packed...he didn't think to open Water Bottles Pack &amp; bring it as it is.With in First Half An Hour,we realised this was our biggest mistake to do booking in such Hotel where I was unable to understand their service standards.Immediately,I called DutyManager &amp; he really apologies for this &amp; he assured he will take action on this.But again next Morning,we were expecting someone will come to us &amp; he/she will discuss in this regard but no body came to us.Then Finally,after our Breakfast I discussed matter with DM-Ms. Shikha Arora &amp; she said she will Personally look in to this.Even we complaint her we didn't find good Breakfast so she said,she will ask someone from F&amp;B to speak to me.Finally,she gave us an option to put entire Family in to Pent House &amp; shifted us in to Club Building just to nullify our bad experience.Next Morning,we asked F&amp;B Manager whether we can have Breakfast in Fusion Restaurant.He Clearly denied.As Our Breakfast was already included in Package but whenever we asked Can we have breakfast in Tower Building they clearly said &quot;No&quot;.Then why we got upgrade to Pent-House if You were not able to honor Inclusions.Anyways,we didn't like it.Then we asked Mr. Edwardo-Hotel Manager,Can we have Pre Dinner Drinks as we are already staying in Club Building even he denied.I was not able to understand there,In which Category of Room we are put up where we are not able to join the Privileges either of Club Category or Tower Category.&amp; As per Our Confirmation,we were entitled for &quot;Afternoon Hors D Oeuvres&quot; but even we didn't understand the mean for this.What was it?We Tried to call Guest Care &amp; ask where we can get this but no reply came till today.During Our Third Night Stay,My Parents Anniversary was there &amp; it was already Informed Reservations well in Advance &amp; also at the time of Check-In but no special treatment was given to them i.e. No Cake,No Champagne nothing even on My Anniversary day,they didn't provide any champagne.But In Some of Reviews,I found they Provided Champagne &amp; Cake to other Guests but not to us.I think so they do have different service mechanism with every Guest.So,We Didn't enjoy our Special Days &amp; we didn't like our stay there.During the Shifting of Room from Deluxe Suite to PentHouse,they didn't shift Bottle of Wine as it was complementary for us.Finally,On the Day of Check-Out...As we already got the Confirmation our Airport Transfers will be Included so we asked for Airport Drop....As we did lots of Shopping in Dubai &amp; we were having lots of stuff with us,Initially they Offered One Mercedes 7 Seater but whenever we said we were having Booking of Two Rooms so as per confirmation we should get Two Cars they clearly denied &amp; they said only one car they will provide us.So,I arranged Other Car from Outside.Finally,My Stay at Le Royal Meridien was worthless &amp; my long awaited Dream ended in NightMare.Definitely,I will not recommend this Hotel to anyone.	
Oct 16 2009	Again Fantastic	This was our 2nd stay at LRM, when we were looking at going back to Dubai I looked at different hotels but was impressed with LMR last time we decided to go back there &amp; was not disappointed that we did. Everything is just so lovely. The only criticism I have is that we had trouble checking in due to a fault of the travel agent I booked with which resulted in me trying to make several calls back to the UK from my mobile, unfortunately my mobile wouldn't connect me to any number apart from a normal landline number, after several hours (6) and lots of calls I asked reception if I could make 1 call from the hotel phone due to the problems I had been having with my mobile, I was told that concierge would sell me a phone card to use at the pay phone, bearing in mind reception knew the predicament I was in I thought they could of been more sympathetic to my request for help.	
Oct 14 2009 	Outstanding - As always - Would recommend to ANYONE	This was our 3rd time in the Royal Meridien and it just keeps getting better - we were lucky enough to stay in a Tower suite this time ( Rm 303 ) and it was amazing. From the views out of one of the bathroom windows which was virtually suspended and took in the sun set over the sea to the room service and food!We stayed in RAMADAN this time and wanted to experience the difference in both the dance scene and generally in the way that this cultural time effects Dubai. We are planning to live out here and so wanted to experience this first hand. I must say for the 30 somethings, it is still as fantastic but much quieter. There are limited bars and night clubs open and places like the Buddha lounge only play background music - its still loud enough to have an atmosphere though. We arrived 2 weeks into the holy season and didnt really know what to expect. You just have to be respectful, no music at the pool ( not that you would, but the pool bar's offering wasnt turned on) and no real giggling etc allowed in public areas! Otehr than that nothing has really changed out of the ordinary things that you would normally respect in an emitate country!Our room was superb as normal, food was delicious and the staff couldnt be better!We even brought 2 new pillows from the hotel this time as they are SO SO comfortable!We will continue to go to the Royal Meridien at least twice a year until the time that we relocate but if you are looking for a smaller, personal, exquisite dubai experience dont let the agents talk you into the Atlantis or Jumeriah Beach ( both large hotels with a great deal to offer but not for me) then go to the Royal Meridien!	
Oct 13 2009 	Best hotel in Dubai	Nothing bad to say. Excelent hotel. Helpfull staff, professional staff, everythig was perfect. Really there is nothing bad in that hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	one of the few hotels we return too on holiday!!fantastic	First of all i must say when we travel to dubai we now always stay at Theleroyal merdien beach resort&amp;spa.Although we have also stayed at the grosvenor house on a couple of occasions of which is part of the meridien group andonly 200 yards from LRM.This christmas we are staying at the LRM with my girlfriend and her parents and it shall be the their third christmas and seventh visit and our sixth christmas and eleventh visit to the hotel of which we obviously love visting you get looked after betterthan any other hotel where we have stayed in the world.Looking forward to the hamman pools and spa and especially the prime rib restaurant not forgetting the three singers and all those smiling faces at the chrismas party.see youall soon the wilkinson family from Hull,England	
Oct 12 2009 	Fell through the cracks......however a few bits of information thats useful	Well sadly and laughably we booked into this hotel given that it is number 1 on tripadvisor, but we were that odd couple who unfortunately got a bad deal. And im sorry to say this hotel although helpful is pretty much useless trying to put it right.Upon arrival we discovered the room we booked was not available so we were offered free dinner. Got down to dinner, no reservation, so they checked again. Later after the meal they tried to charge us. So that was the 7th person we had to explain too about our predicament.Then there was a long list of comedy errors trying to move us into a sea view room which involved 3 managers, 2 bus boys, and 4 receptionists and they still couldn't move us as we lost patience wasting a day trying to do it.So we got another free dinner as we weren't given the choice of upgrading but that again took 3 messages, a letter to our room, and 2 phone calls.Trust me this hotel is the good but if you fall through the cracks like we did - forget about it - just enjoy yourself. These guys just dont seem to talk to each other, they are very pleasant and very accomodating but sorry does not translate into action!---USEFUL INFO----There is a free shuttle service from the hotel lasting most of the day to the 3 malls you have probably read about.Dinner at the hotel for 2 people (buffet only) came to £77 2 Gin and tonics and 2 glasses of wine come to about £23 give or take.The walk is just around the corner, turn right out of the hotel and right again, follow the endless chain of cars going nowhere :-) loads of shops, restaurants, starbucks, KFC which sell drinks far cheaper than the hotel.Water at the hotel will cost you about £5, water on the walk will cost you about £1....but dont worry water is complimentary in the room.There are cash machines on the walk although dont say LINK they do give you cash back in english and at a good bank rate of commission. We went to the Islamic something bank cash machine which took Halifax and withdrew Dinar.	
Oct 12 2009 	nothing but relaxation and luxury	i stayed at le royal meridien on my second visit to dubai, and i absolutely loved the hotel. it is spotless from floor to ceiling, the rooms are spacious and also clean, and the staff are polite and helpful all the time. i couldn't fault this hotel, although be prepared to spend a little extra than expected. but i can assure you, it's definately worth it! you get what you pay for and so much more! the location is fantastic, as the sandy white beach is right on your doorstep. i would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who seeks relaxation and luxury.	
Oct 11 2009 	Superb hotel fabulous staff	1st trip to Dubai, probably not the last as long as the exchange rate improves, it is pretty expensive out there with wine starting at £40 a bottle!. Any way hotel is as almost everyone else has stated exceptional, with the quality of the food being truly excellent (the guacamole at Maya being the culinary trip highlight) but in my role as truth teller there are just a few things to be aware of at 'Le Royal'. If like us you book into the tower be sure to ask for a room facing towards the Burj the views on the other side are not great and if i'm being honest a bit depressing.We were booked into a room facing the wrong way but the hotel kindly moved us after only 1 night and we instantly felt much happier. The staff and facilities are superb with no complaints whatsoever, people who complain that standards are slipping and use the example that in days gone by the staff used to show them to their sunbeds and lay out their towels and now they do not are obviously never going to be happy, perhaps next time it'll be.... 'the staff used to help me tear off my toilet paper and now they do not!'. If you are planning a trip to Dubai believe the hype this is a great hotel in a great location. One thing to bear in mind though, a lot of the guests in the hotel are Russian and can be a little noisy at times. If you thought Americans and Germans were loud then you aint heard nothing yet! Also if you are offended by seeing petite,blonde ,trophy wives/girlfriends with large, fat ,balding Russian men in speedos then stay clear...or do like we did and enjoy trying to spot the biggest bloke with the smallest woman there is plenty of competition. Finally if you're going to Dubai to propose or on honeymoon i can seriously reccomend 'Thai Pai' restaurant at the madinat Jumeria, although like most places its on the pricey side the setting outdoors is great and the food is fab and if you organise it correctly and pre book (make sure to get a confimation number) you can get to the restaurant by a tiny littel boat (free with the confirmation number) that takes you through the canals right to the front door. I popped the question at 'Pai Thai' and my gorgeous girlfriend said yes so, maybe i'm just a little bit biased.	
Oct 10 2009 	Thank you for a wonderful stay	I have just returned from a 3 night stay to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. We arrived at 8am and were warmly greeted with a fresh fruit drink and towels to freshen up. Amar on reception could not have been more helpful, he offered us a standard room to use immediately while they prepared our room. We had a deluxe sea view room in the main hotel and could not fault it at all. There was a bottle of champagne in the room with flowers and fruit, what a treat.The pool areas and gardens are immaculate and staff bring you cold towels, hand water sprays and little sorbets to freshen you up. Water is left in your room which you can take by the pool and bar staff are happy to give you ice buckets to keep them cool. The food we had was lovely and the service is what you would expect of a 5 star hotel. If we are lucky enough to return again I would only go for a sea view room as the other room types are overlooking the constant building works and gave a very different feel to the holiday. The weather was perfect, the sea was like a hot bath, the beach was soft sand and the hotel was 5 star.During our stay we went skiing, went on the open top big bus tour, ate at the Burj al Arab hotel and felt we were treated like royalty by all staff at Le Royal Meridien . Thank you again Amar for all your help and for making our stay so memorable.	
Oct 9 2009 	FANTASTIC	Having just spent 7 nights at LRM from the 21st Sept, we want to go back now!!!!! This is our 3rd time to Dubai and our second stay at LRM (last year for our honeymoon, this our 1st Anniversary).Can i firstly thank Visentin Fernandes in reservations for delivering a momentous stay as promised, we hd booked Sea view Deluxe as she arranged for an upgrade to theTower, where we enjoyed a bottle of wine and a cake or tart every night with compliments.On arrival the hotel was a lttle busy (due to eid) but we where greeted at the entrance and luggage taken from our car, taken to main reception where we enjoyed a cold drink and a cold face cloth, we had no sooner drank our drink and were told that we had been upgraded and taken straight to Tower reception, where we checked in and offered hundreds of apologies for room not been ready (This was 8AM, since check is not until 2pm no apolgies needed) We were given a buzzer, advised where we could change/ we were taken to the Tea lounge where coffee and light breakfast with fruit was served to us with their compliments. Our room was ready by 11am. Tower rooms are newer than Club (which we stayed in last year) on reflection i think we prefer Tower Rooms but with club facilities.Our stay was made fantastic with the help of Ranga at the infinity pool and anish at the top pool (the one w ith the glasses) We had lots of snacks at the hotel and a wonderful meal in the newly opened Ma vida fish resturant, you choose your own fish and its cooked to how you want, excellent value for money.We visited Rhodes Mezzanine (for our anniversary) lovley meal and full of little surprises wont spoil it by telling what.As a birthday treat i had booked us in for one night at the atlantis, COULD NOT WAIT TO BACK TO THE LRM!!!! Just not the same class......All in all this is a fantastic hotel, every single member of staff has a smile and a hello however busy or what ever they may be doing.Cant wait to be back in April.Thank you LRM for a great holiday	
Oct 9 2009 	Paradise Found	I holiday several times a year, mainly Spain and Caribbean, this was my first visit to Dubai. The service as we arrived at the hotel was excellent, I did not notice getting out of the car and arriving at reception! We had booked a Club room and were upgraded to the Tower - superb room with superb view. The Butler service, fruit, pastries, chocolates, turn down service were all carried out unobtrusively and thoroughly professionally.Breakfast in the Fusion was unrushed and relaxing. The pools and sun-lounger areas were the best I have ever used - all the small touches being thoroughly appreciated.The Club Lounge and especially the Manager there were impeccable and made a big difference to the costings as we felt that the Restaurants and wines were on the expensive side (exchange rate did not help this experience!)I must say the singer in the Piano Bar was something else, she made many recording artists sound ordinary (a good find).In all an expensive 5 days - but well worth it overall.	
Oct 9 2009 	First class from start to finish	We stayed at this hotel from the 29th sept to the 4th oct as part of our Honeymoon trip and the whole experience was absolutley wonderful. What can we say that hasn't already been said, we were upgraded to a Tower room on arrival which had a great seaview and excellent view of the Burj Al Arab and The Palm. Shortly after checking in a bottle of wine and strawberries covered in chocolate where sent to the room. Everyday there was fresh fruit, bottles of water and a pastry left in the room and in the evening the bed was turned down and some chocolates placed on the pillow. We booked half board and the food was excellent at breakfast and dinner. The staff in the hotel couldn't do enough for you and are a real credit to the hotel. This makes the stay a lot more enjoyable. The hotel provides a complimentary bus to both shoppings malls. We have stayed in some top class hotels around the world and this hotel is another one to add to our list. If your considering a hotel in Dubai then look no futher than Le Royal Meridien as you won't be disappointed. We look forward to returning to this hotel in the new year and for many years to come.	
Oct 6 2009 	what a brilliant hotel	what a fantastic hotel, all staff extremely helpful and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. Got upgraded and had a fantastic room. Food outstanding and can recommend all the restaurants, although a bit pricey for some people but great quality, especially Prime Rib. Lovely decor throughout the hotel, grounds, gardens and pool area well maintained. Cannot fault this hotel at all and can't wait to go back next year.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel Again !!	This was our second stay at the hotel and my parents first. We used the hotel car which cost 300AED to meet us at the airport as we didnt want to worry about taxi's being 4 of us. As usual we were given cold towels and fresh juice on arrival and offered an upgrade to a 2 bed suite at the Grosvenor Hotel but declined this as we specifically wanted to be on the beach. Our rooms overlooked the extensive grounds and sea. The hotel is immaculate and the service is wonderful togther with the location provides an excellent place to spend your holiday.We did notice a few of the personal touches were missing or reduced however they are not something we would complain about and it certainly did not affect our stay. This was probably due to the hotel being full.We ate at Mi Vida twice which is a lovely experience as you choose the fish fresh you want from the counter. The manager was at hand to help with our choice and suggested how it was cooked and he came over to ensure we were happy with his suggestion and service on more than one occasion. He did ask my partner on the one visit to change his tailored 3/4 length shorts to long trousers, which we happily did and recieved a complementary starter as an apology. For 4 main courses, 4 sweets and drinks the cost was 504 AED and we really enjoyed the experience. We also had drinks at the Maya roof top, (nice for a quite drink), the Sea Breeze (t.v type lounge with restaruant) and the Bar Below which we really enjoyed as they had live music, the group were very good and appealled to ourselves and parents . We also tried a sheesha pipe at Al Khaima. At all times the service was excellent. We also rented the speed boat for an hour at a cost of 700 AED which we shared with 2 other TA members, this took us out round the Palm, the Burj and the marina and can be booked at the hotel, we were on the water for just over an hour and it was wonderful.We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. Keep up the good work and hopefully we will have the chance to visit again in the not too distant future.	
Oct 5 2009	6 stars without question!	What can I say! Excellent rooms (we went for club option - HAPPY HOUR WOO!), best service anywhere in the world (Douglas made our stay an absolute joy!), excellent food also! (Avoid buffet dinner in the main restaurant, it was expensive and not very good apart from the lobster and desert options)My advise would be splash out on sea-view rooms in the club tower otherwise all you get is cranes and builders!I would love to go back one day!	
Oct 4 2009 	Simply Fantastic!	Brilliant hotel,would definately stay there again &amp; would recommend to anyone.The staff are a credit to the hotel so helpful, nothings to much trouble to them.We were treated like royalty from the moment we arrived to leaving, making you feel really special even thought the hotel was full.Carnt wait to go back!	
Oct 4 2009 	1st class ++++ in every way all your requirements will be exceeded in this hotel !	My wife booked this hotel as retirement treat and wow what a hotel.We arrived at 6.00am after 2 flights and 8 hours from Scotland and were met with a genuine welcome from all the staff and with cold drinks and cold flannels. We were told that our room was not available but we were to be upgraded into the Tower room as I was celebrating my retirement, After completing the booking in process we were taken up to our room 3010, well it was huge with a bed that was easily the biggest I have ever slept in. After about 15 minutes (6.45am) we had a knock at the door and was given a bottle of bubbly in a wine cooler. The room and all it`s facilities were 1st class and our housekeeper Cuhong was so efficient always asking if everything was alright and did we need anything. He was not intrusive but highly efficient and genuine in his interest.The food at breakfast was every thing you could ask for and the Brassiere in the evening was 1st class with the choice was vast from Lobster to steak on offer and the sweets were to die for. We ate at the Ossigeno Resturant and my steak was truly exceptional with my wifes pasta dish cooked to perfection.It was the best food at the best location in the world with genuine caring staff looking after you. I would thoroughly recommend this without any qualms. We are definately going to return.All the staff we met took great pleasure in ensuring our stay was 1st class and in particular Chuong our Housekeeker, Ariston the waiter at the Le Club, Sada at reception.Thank You, Thank You, Thank You	
Oct 4 2009 	Outstanding luxury with exceptional service.	My husband and I stayed at Le Royal Meridien last September and thoroughly enjoyed our stay so had no hesitation in returning. On this occasion my 2 sisters also joined us for an early celebration. We flew Emirates and arrived at LRM at approx 1:30 am. Next morning my sisters realised they did not have the sea view room they had requested. I felt embarrassed as I had personally recommended the hotel and so went to reception for an explanation. I am pleased to say all was resolved exceptionally well; we were all upgraded to tower rooms with a wonderful view of the sea and immaculate grounds of the hotel with the Burj Al Arab in the distance - truly magical!LRM is a luxury 5* hotel with the personal touch. All the staff are friendly and helpful and make you feel special. We were particularly thankful when a member of staff noticed my husband had left his camera in the taxi. On another occasion I had to cancel a dinner reservation in a hotel in the city. I had trouble getting through and the receptionist kindly dialled the number and when there was no answer she said she would email them. Also during our stay the butler who had taken us to our original rooms came up and asked how we were enjoying our stay and hoped we were happy with our new rooms. We kept the benefits of the Club room and enjoyed afternoon tea but best of all was the pre-dinner drinks and canapés. Whilst in Dubai we visited a number of other hotels for cocktails or dinner including The Burj Al Arab, the newly opened Address, the One&amp;Only Royal Mirage, Al Qasar and Atlantis all are luxury hotels and admittedly we did not have access to all areas but we all felt the service, ambience and attention to detail at Le Royal Meridien was by far the best and definitely Bar 44 at the Grosvenor House hotel made the very best cocktails.I have not referred to the many complimentary extras the hotel provides whilst in your hotel room or sitting by the pools as other reviewers have mentioned these but they all added up to making our holiday even more relaxed and special. One lovely surprise was a delicious birthday cake delivered to our room in advance of my birthday celebration. This hotel rightly deserves the Number 1 spot on TripAdvisor and we will definitely be returning to Le Royal Meridien in the future and would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel.	
Oct 3 2009 	Relaxing nothings to much of a problem!!	I have just returned from Dubai after staying for only 3 nights with my 2 friends we booked just a short stay as it was my friends birthday, after an horrendous delay at heathrow we were going to loose 1 day and 1 night of our holiday, we were all distraught at the thought of this, the staff at the hotel were very helpful and helped to arrange an extra night so we had our full stay, they also upgraded us to the club tower and couldnt do enough for us.They also put a lovely cake in the room and the room boy Romer made sure we had plenty of boxes of chocolates and big fluffy towels and bath robes and as you can imagine 3 girls in one room we needed them!. I would recommend this hotel to everyone thanks again Royal Meridien for a very memorable stay, hopefully we will doing it again.	
Oct 2 2009 	The Best Holiday Of My Life !!!	We travelled with our friends for her 40th Birthday treat and it was the most fantastic experience to stay at this Hotel and to visit Dubai. We were upgraded to the Tower rooms and wanted for nothing The bed was big enough for four and the TV screen huge, fresh fruit every day and bottles of water were just some of the extra special touches that made this break for us something we will never forget. The hotel was spotless and we ate in the Prime Rib for my friends birthday , the steak was cooked fresh and we all said it was the best steaks we had ever eaten we also ate at the Pizza restaurant where again it was cooked fresh for us and was so tasty. The grounds were superb and pools with lovely sunbeds and staff coming round with cold towels was very welcoming, we ate in the fusion restaurant for breakfast and I have never seen such a choice of foods including champane everyday if you wanted it, Dubai itself was wonderful though very hot and humid we were swimming in the sea at 6 oclock at night watching the sun go down on the wonderful beach at the bottom of the hotel, the sea was the warmest I have ever been in. We will be returning with our children and just wish this hotel had an all inclusive offer and maybe a bit more evening entertainment for families other than that there is nothing that you can complain about and a huge big thank-you to should go to the Management and Staff for making this trip for both me and my husband and our friends the most memorable trip we have ever had, the staff cannot do enough for you and will go out of their way to please you .	
Oct 2 2009 	amazing	on arrival to hotel we were greeted with glasses of orange juice and refreshing hand flannels which were most welcome after a long over night flight. As we checked in we were upgraded to the royal suite, which I nearly fainted at the check in desk!!! the suite was out of this world and could not of wished for a better upgrade. The hotel and grounds were first class and very very clean!! From the moment we arrrived the staff were the most friendly and helpful I have ever seen, they could not do enough for you. The food at the hotel was to die for, breakfast is on most packages but half board is a must, you can eat in the buffet every evening or you can use your half board against one of the other many resturants in the hotel as we did in the ossigeno and had the best steak dish I have ever experienced. would like to finish off by thanking everyone at the hotel for the most fantastic holiday I have ever had.	
Oct 2 2009 	A Great Hotel	We have just returned from 6 nights at Le Royal meridien. It is a great place to stay. From the minute we arrived to the minute we left we were impressed. The hotel is immaculate, the staff friendly and it's in a great locaction. We stayed in a deluxe seaview room which was ideal. We weren't lucky enough to be upgraded as some other reviewers were but the room was of a good size and had everything you would expect. During our stay my parents celebrated their wedding anniversary. When they returned to the room after a hard day by the pool they were pleased to see a complimentary celebration cake and bottle of fizz! The buffet breakfast has a good selection of food as you would expect and we also ate at the poolside bar. Prices for food and drink were expensive as commented on before but you've got to expect that. The chilled pools are essential. It was very warm during our stay and we were constantly in and out of the pool to ensure we didn't overheat! The frozen shots and cool sprays/towels were very welcomed. The poolside staff were happy to bring ice buckets and glasses so that you could chill the complimentary water from the rooms. This saved a few dirhams so that you can spend it on treats! We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	wow	we arrived at 8.30am,our room wasnt ready but we were offered an upgrade from deluxe seaview to tower seaview for £40 per night extra,the manager told us it included wine each evening,i asked if it included afternoon tea he said no,but he came back and said yes we could have club access for the same price,what a bargain.The tower room was big it had a massive bed and those pillows are great.The toiletries were lush as well.We had a choice of 3 restaurants for breakfast we chose the fusion in the tower,it was great everything you could want from smoked salmon,muesli in posh glasses to waffles yum.they even had pork bacon and sausage.the best bit was the champagne we had a couple of bucks fizz.The pools are excellent especially the infinity pool,there were loads of sunbeds and they gave you ice buckets which came in handy for putting the never ending supply of water which you got in your room in.the club lounge was great we really made use of this,we had iced coffees mid morning to cool off,the lovely afternoon tea and complimentary drinks in the evening,we really got a bargain there.we were leaving early in the morning and i thought club lounge opened at 5am but it was 5.30,however noel opened up 10 minutes early and made us our last cup of tea,that goes to show that nothing is to much trouble for the staff.Everyone is very friendly and says hello when you pass them from concierge,the door guys,waiting staff,reception,pool guys who were great,housekeeping,gardeners and the management.The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the walk where they have shops and restaurants,the mexican was very nice.A big thankyou from us to all the staff,we werent going to go back to dubai as this was our 8th time since 2001 but after staying at this hotel we are planning to go back next year.they also have free internet in the business centre,oh and i forgot the lovely hamman pools.	
Oct 1 2009 	Not as good as last time	We have been to Dubai several times in the past few years and stayed at Le Royal on our first visit, we were so impressed with the hotel, its staff and the service that we received that we were sure we would never find a better hotel.We decided to return to Le Royal after visiting several other hotels and having been impressed by each one, we thought we would go back and see if it was a good as we remembered, sadly we were very disappointed.We arrived at the Club check in area at around 0800 and whilst we knew check in time was 1400 and did not think our room would be ready straight away, we did not expect to still be waiting at 1515 after a very long overnight flight, with no offer of a drink or even a cold towel on arrival. The Club room that we had booked was not ready so after some firm words with the reception staff, they upgraded us to a Tower Room with Club access.The Club is great, serving non alchoholic drinks all day, afternoon tea and happy hour and canapes from 1830 to 2030 every evening, well worth paying for the upgrade as drinks are very expensive in Dubai.We had stayed in a Tower room last time and they are very nice, if a little dated and had a lovely view over The Walk, but did have quite a few problems with the room this time.Our problems are all really minor, but after ten days they all start to irritate and spoil an expensive holiday, so here goes with the list:House Keeping turned up at 1800 every night to turn down the bed, just as we were getting ready for an evening out, if we asked them to come back they would oblige, but did not turn down the bed, remove empty water bottles, leave clean towels or fresh water unless they were allowed in first time. The balcony was not cleaned once during our stay so the chairs and table were covered in dust.Lat time we visited, a member of the pool staff would lead you to a bed, lay out your towels and make sure you had shade if you needed it, this time we collected towels from a hut then were left to find our own beds.Usually during the day the pool staff come round with ice cold towels, water sprays and little slush drinks which are so welocme in the heat of the day. This time there were no water sprays,and the towels were often dirty, but the slushes were still great.There are 3 pools and also a little pool off the infinity pool which is always lovely and quiet so we choose to sit there each day, this time, the paint was peeling of the walls and there was green slime on the sides, not very inviting!We ate in Prime Rib the steak restaurant for my partners birthday and whilst our food was lovely, two out of the four tables in our area of the restaurant sent their food back and had to have it taken off the bill, not what you expect for a £150 meal.We had breakfast in Fusion restaurant everyday and whilst we were told time and time again that the hotel was at capacity so the staff were very busy, the hotel should have enough staff to ensure that tables are layed correctly, we often had to ask for cups to be changed as they had lipstick on them, or had no knives or butter etc etc.Having said that, the staff are so lovely and friendly and cannot do enough for you, the main hotel is so clean it looks new and all of the bars and restaurants are lovely too. The hotel is nice but is certainly not the best hotel in Dubai and in our opinion does not warrent the number one spot on Trip Advisor.We will be back to Dubai again next year, but sadly not to Le Royal Meridien.	
Oct 1 2009 	Completely first class from start to finish.	We stayed here for my 40th birthday along with our friends. We were immediatley upgraded to Tower rooms which were fantastic and kept spotlessly clean by a lovely young man called Chong who went over and above all of our expectations. I had a cake delivered on my birthday and that evening we went to the Prime Rib restaurant where we had the best steak ever. The amenities at the hotel were superb and we went into the hamman pools in the spa which again were a real experience. The pool areas were spotless, there was not a single piece of litter anywhere at any time. The beach is like paradise, swimming in the sea as the sunset and then looking at an amazing skyline from the water was incredible. This was a holiday I will never ever forget and would love to return with our children. We took the half board option which was great for us but if returning with our children would like to see an all inclusive option even if only for them. Thank you so much to all the staff at Le Royal Meridien and especially the staff at the Tower rooms and our attendant Chong. If you want to feel like someone special without feeling uncomfortable in 5 star surroundings then this hotel is perfect.	
Sep 30 2009 	First Of many	We stayed at this hotel 3 weeks ago for our Honeymoon and the whole experience was absolutley wonderful. What can we say that hasn't already been said, we were upgraded to a Tower room on arrival, which incidentally was early on a Monday morning, but no waiting for the room which was a pleasant surprise. Before we unpacked a bottle of Champagne and a platter of chocolates were delivered by the Butler who explained all the benefits of staying in the Tower room which included complementary wine in the room on demand. We stayed half board and were never disappointed with the food in the Brasserie on the contrary the food and the curries in particular were excellent. If you breakfast in the Fusion restaurant try the waffles and the museli (with cream and honey) as they were in a class of their own. Every aspect of our stay was magical and memorable because the quality of the service was impecable, and the staff were wonderful and always smiling. This was our first visit to Dubai and Le Royal Meridien, but we now intend to make it a regular destination.	
Sep 28 2009 	5 stars for 5 star hotel - almost!	Having read other reviews we expected to be and were upgraded, not once but twice! They admitted they had overbooked and other staff admitted it happens often. They said they were very busy whilst other hotels in the area were not. We had booked a club room through Virgin (good leg room on Virgin Atlantic Airbus A340-300, by the way) and were immediately told on our arrival that we had been upgraded to a Tower room due to overbooking. Not sure if this would have been a better deal though, as it did not include the benefits of the Club Lounge.We were given a buzzer and free refreshments and food in the tea lounge and told they would buzz us when our room was available and to feel free to get stuff from our bags and use all the other facilities. I had guessed the room might not be available until 2 pm due to an overheard telephone conversation ( we arrived about 8.30 am) and something the porter/receptionists said so settled down for a long wait. By 2 we had still not been buzzed so went to investigate what was happening. They then offered to upgrade us to a suite which would be ready in half an hour. Neither of the original rooms would be available for a considerable time more than this.We accepted, although the room did not have a proper sea view as originally booked in the club room, but it was a suite after all! We were given more free refreshments and food whilst we waited.We did not know what benefits were attached to the suite and had been told the Tower room would entitle us to a bottle of wine a day (quite a good deal as wine is very expensive, as is all food and drink within the hotel), but this was only in the room, not in the restaurants. When we went to reception later to check if the wine applied to the suite we were told no, but we would have the Club Lounge access as promised by Virgin for the Club room originally booked. We were very pleased about this as the free afternoon tea &amp; cakes/sandwiches and evening pre-dinner (alcaholic) drinks and canapes had always sounded like a good deal! As we found out later it was a good deal as drinks and food are very expensive in the hotel. Can't comment on outside as we only went out once and that was to the Burj al Arab for afternoon tea, so not really a fair comparison to make!!! Despite all the waiting around on the first day which really meant we lost that day, we still had a lovely stay here and the staff could not do enough for you. We had fresh fruit every day in the room plus several bottles of water left daily and a snack of either something sweet or a small quiche or something and then chocolates left on the bed at night!The grounds were spotless and very well maintained. The pool, beach and bar areas ditto. The restaurants we ate in (Brasserie, Fusion and Maya) were similarly so and the food was all very good and all the staff very friendly if you wanted to chat to them. The breakfasts were very good too, lots of choice and plenty of it and available for 4 hours from 6.30 - 10.30 so no rushing to get up early.The Caracalla spa was lovely and we had a very nice massage one afternoon, plus use of the Hammam pools and other areas within the spa. Prices, we thought, were not too expensive, certainly no more than we would pay for example at a Sen Spa in the UK.We only did the one trip as mentioned and that was to the Burj Al Arab for afternoon tea. Very expensive but what the heck you're on holiday! We booked it through the Virgin Rep, but you could have done it off your own bat and booked through the hotel and just got a taxi there and saved quite a bit of money we reckon. It was sold to us as a tour of the hotel with afternoon tea (you can do lunch or dinner as well), but there was no tour. The driver leaves you at the door and there is no one there to meet you. You have to find your own way around. We had 3 hours there, but to be honest 2 would have been enough. If you booked it yourself the afternoon tea costs AED395 per person (about £65) plus the taxi (no idea what this would be, but I'm sure it wouldn't be as much as the AED410 extra we paid Virgin). I'd check the taxi prices out before booking with your tour operator or directl yourself first.It is quite a spectacular place with amazing views from the room where you have tea. You must try the express lift which has views out over the sea behind and is very fast and smooth. It's right at the very back of the hotel, past the normal lifts. The water features are brilliant.Overall a brilliant place and we would certainly recomment it to anyone.	
Sep 27 2009 	Highly Recommended	We had our honeymoon in this hotel 2 weeks ago and were so impressed. The place is spotless, the service was wonderful and the location great. There is undoubtedly still work going on in Dubai but the area where this hotel is only has a small amount of construction left. We had no trouble from noise at all. The beach is fabulous white sand. The weak pound means Dubai is no longer cheap but this hotel is worth the little extra. We were in the Tower rooms and the hotel delivers fruit and wine to these rooms complimentary every day. It also gives you Hermes soaps, bath robes and slippers, a turn down service with the obligatory pillow-chocolate, everything to make it really nice. They even have uk 3-pin sockets alongside the 2-pin they use! Amazing! There are enough restaurants to keep you amused though we didn't try them all. I'm allergic to chlorine and hey ho - the pools didn't have it in! Just bog-standard salt. I would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 27 2009 	total relaxation with options	just spent 7 nights at Le Royal Meridien. We had a tower room with a great view, very clean and had everything we needed. The service within the hotel was 1st class in all respects. The grounds, pools and beach were great. Cannot wait to return. Maybe september was a bit too hot for us but it didnt spoil our week. Thanks Le Meridien.	
Sep 26 2009 	Cannot wait until next visit!!	This was our forth visit to LRM and every visit exceeds our expectations!! From the minute you step out of the car on arrival for check-in somebody is there to look after you.The Staff throughout the whole hotel are the best that we have ever experienced thoughout our worldwide travelling, they are always there to greet you with a smile and a cheery hello. We would also like to give our special thanks to Kate &amp; Aisha who over the last few years always take so much time and care when arranging anything for us.The location of LRM we find is excellent for getting about especially in the not so hot months we have golfers who like to get out and play.Whenever we go out anywhere we use the services of the hotel cars who are always so courteous and will always wait for you to return if required, the cost is a little more but well worth it.We have visited at various different times of the year and this year we experienced Ramadam, as non-muslims this really made no difference to our trip at all.We have been fortunate to stay in the Main Building, the Club and the Tower (view when lying in the bath of the Towerr Suite is to die for) since we have been visiting and can assure anyone that the standards are of the same high quality and cleanliness throughout, still building work going on inland so it is advisable to book Seaview rooms.We have dined out a large number of restaurants within the other hotels and when we read comments knocking the quality of the guests at LRM perhaps they should take a look around at the guests at the newest hotel the Atlantis - shorts, t-shirt and no shoes in a restaurant for dinner!!! You get exactly what you have paid for at the 5*LRM, the visitors that want to pay £1.00 for a beer and £3.00 for a bottle of wine should go back to visiting wherever it was they went before coming to Dubai, because we don't want them around lovely gardens and beach at LRM.Looking forward to visit number five soon all those smiling faces.	
Sep 25 2009 	A wonderful Resort where Service is truly excellent	We wanted a relaxing holiday away as a family before the kids went back to University and it was also a triple celebration as it as my 50th, our 25th Anniversary and my daughters graduation. With total surprise we were upgraded to the Club Tower which entitled us to Afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks and canapes. As we are all adults the pre-dinner drinks were particularly welcoming as we could all sit and relax in the lounge and 'chill' prior to having dinner at thebuffet. On the first night we got back to our room to find bottle of champagne to celebrate our anniversay and on the second night we were welcomed by a cake and champagne to celebrate my daughters graduation. The service was impecable and the staff very gratious.We had a wonderful week and would loveto come back again, especially to stay in the Club Tower	
Sep 24 2009 	Oustanding in every way	Le Royal Meridien is excellent. The staff were attentive and courteous and the attention to detail excellent. We were delighed to be upgraded to a Tower Room from a Club room - the Club comes with access to soft drinks free all day, free afternoon tea (sandwiches, scones, cream and jam and cakes! ) and a happy 2 hours in the early evening - which we were allowed to keep along with the upgrade! There are relative bargains to be had if you shop around on the internet and it is worth noting that there are categories of room - so if you want a separate shower for example or single beds fully separated you may need a Tower Room. It was the perfect place for chilling, and by using the free shuttle bus services it was possible to get into the city to either of the main shopping malls. My teenage son enjoyed it too! There are many restaurants to choose from within the hotel. They are not cheap and it is possible to eat very well for around £10 pp in the nearby &quot;Walk&quot; area.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel purely down to the staff!!	We stayed at the hotel in August and would definitely recommend it..The staff are the real star of the show in this hotel.. The hotel building is a bit outdated and lacks the glitz that Dubai has to offer. Personally speaking, I would prefer to have good service and feel comfortable in my surroundings than a extravagant hotel. We were fortunate to get upgraded to a club room, which was massive. Our check-in was quick, which was great after a long haul flight.Our package included buffet breakfast which includes everything you want in the morning. Definitely worth getting!! Make sure and use the spa pools as well. These are hidden away from the noisy pool and a great way to relax for an evening. Outside the hotel, the pool and beach are immaculate. Regularly during the day staff will bring cold towels and fruit shots, which are an excellent treat giving the 45degree heat.Downsides - soft drinks are expensive at the pool bar and should be priced more realistic. Understandably alcohol is expensive but its not cheap anywhere in Dubai, just buy enough in duty free.There is alot (I mean alot) of construction work going on outside the hotel so make sure you request a sea view room. You will need a taxi to get anywhere in Dubai which is really frustrating and probably a reason why I wouldn't go back until public transport is sorted. Taxis are relatively cheap, but if you are getting a taxi 2/3 times a day, the costs start to add up.Unfortunately the cheap prices that can be found on the internet mean that clientele aren't always what you expect to find at a five star hotel. So you have been warned. If you've found a bargain, the chances are someone that doesn't normally frequent 5 star restaurants or hotels will be there beside you.	
Sep 21 2009 	benidorm	what more to say than if i wanted benidorm i would have gone there.five star this place certainly is not.the room was average and did not even have a separate shower cubicle we had to step in the bath.the staff tried but were not the usual high standard i have come to expect in dubai.could not believe when we first went to the pool and were surrounded by football shirts and tatooed women.the only saving grace was thet it was ramadan so these people could not drink all day.strangley these people were not to be seen in the hotel restaurants or bars at night but were probably frequenting the fast food joints at the walk. i know there is a lot of construction in dubai but outside the hotel was ridiculous.after five of our prebooked ten we had enough and moved to the fairmont...heaven.	
Sep 19 2009 	Wonderfull!!!	We have just returned from Dubai, we were on our way home from the Maldives and stayed over in the Royal Meridian Hotel for 2 nights. What can I say, it was brilliant! the staff were excellent! the room was beautiful and very clean, only problem was we wanted to stay longer! We will definitely go back and next time we will stay for at least 1 week if not longer. This is the best hotel we have ever been in. and really can't wait to go back.	
Sep 19 2009 	Amazing	I have stayed at Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa 4 times now in the last year as my son and his wife have moved to Dubai. Each time its gets better ! Staff are so friendly and could'nt do enough to please you. I have had the pleasure of staying in the Tower Room and would highly recommend it complimentary drinks , bottle of wine each day ! etc., I am heading there next Fri 25th Sept ! Cant wait only place I would return to again and again ! Keep up the good work !	
Sep 18 2009 	exceptionalwould return tomorrow if possible!!	my family stayed in this hotel for a week at the end of august 2009 and cannot fault anything.The staff were exceptional and the level of service was the best I have ever experienced. The standard of rooms were luxurious and fortunately when we arrived we were given a complimentary upgrade,which enabled us to have a larger room in the tower suite with complmentary snacks and water throughout the day .Nothing seemed too much trouble when a request was made.We had some treatments in the spa and once again a wonderful experience with a high level of service.My husband and I are definately going to revisit and this is the first hotel we have ever felt like returning too. We would like to thank all the staff whom made it such a memorable holiday	
Sep 18 2009 	Pure Luxury from start to finish!	Second time in dubai, 1st time was business came back to experience dubai as a holiday maker, this hotel made our holiday!! stunning grounds, cleanliness, service and staff attention was second to none. Decided to upgrade to half board 2nd day into our holiday this was done for us with no problems at a very good rate and worked out a lot cheaper than eating out elsewhere. Poolside and beach service was amazing, given facial sprays and cold towels everyday to aid us in the soaring heat! If i had to moan about anything it would be that we were unable to use the spa area due to being closed for refurbishment but other than that everything else was just perfect will definetley be returning in the future and would recommend everyone to experience this hotel!	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!!	Stayed in this hotel for our wedding anniversary which I made the staff aware before our arrival, and we were suprisingly upgraded to the Tower suite which was truly fantastic. The whole experience lived up tour expectations of a 5 star hotel and more. The service of staff, cleanliness and food was simply amazing. I would highly recommend anyone to stay in this hotel as it catered for couples, children and people of all ages. A truly wonderful experience.	
Sep 14 2009 	Superb! Five Star all the way!	A fantastic hotel with great facilities - the spa with its Hamman pool is a must. Very relaxing atmosphere, all the staff were very friendly and helpful if we had any questionss. Room was brilliant, very spacious, best to go for the sea view. Our room rate included breakfast, which was a relief, as otherwise it could have been very pricey. Nevertheless the was a huge variety of things to eat. Had lunch at the restaurant, but it was quite expensive - though not dissimilar to other hotel prices of the same standard. Dubai, is however, since our last trip two years ago, getting more and more expensive!Pool area outside was very nice, good place to go if you've got kids.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent hotel	Top notch service from the moment you arrive, always someone there to open the taxi door, carry luggage, answer questions......everyone was always very professional and friendly.Deluxe room was nice, a little patio overlooking pool area. Very clean, nice bathroom with a bidetThe food at hotel is ridiculously expensive, so we ate at the &quot;walk&quot; that is nearby. Lots of great restaurants with great prices. Unfortunately there is a Chilis and other american type places....but we went everywhere that was more &quot;local&quot;.....lebanese, arabic and indian food, and they were all great.Regarding Dubai....Definitely the hottest place i have ever been in my life. Woah. Even at night you walk outside and your sweating immediately! The sea was like bath water and this is NO exageration. You have to swim in the pool, which must be cooled because its a nice temperature for 45 degree weather.We were there during ramadan....so it was a bit of a unique experience. Many places you went you couldnt eat because they were fasting. Which is completely understanble, but it would've been nice to have a place for tourists/non muslims to go. Especially at Mall of the Emirates.....we had to buy a cheeseburger and eat it in the bathroom....lol. But other malls and souks did have resturants you could go in, they'd just keep doors and windows closed so locals couldnt see.I wouldnt even go to Mall of the emirates....go to Dubai mall.....the craziest mall ive ever seen. if it isnt the biggest mall in the world id like to see what is. Definitely a must see....anything you could want....restaurant, store, service, just walking around and looking at it was entertainment enough.Dubai was an ok city, but not sure if i'd bother going back. If so, maybe in the winter, when its not ramadan, you can party more at night and its cooler during the day.Construction everywhere, so theres always a hazy pollution over the city. I give the city a 7/10	
Sep 13 2009 	looking forward to nect stay	stayed here last october after reading other reviews and we wre not disapointed, stayed in a tower room for 10 days and bassed on that we are going back next week for another 10 days,the staff look after you personaly and nothing is to much trouble always with a smile ,try prime rib for the best steaks (fillit) ever cooked to perfection to much to praise about just stay there and see once is not enough	
Sep 12 2009 	Cannot fault this hotel or it's staff	Visited in late August, during Ramadan. As it turned out, Dubai was very quite during this period, upon arrival we were given a complimentary upgrade, and offered an upgrade to a suite for a very small fee. We chose to take the paid for upgrade, and were glad of it. Our suite was massive and very well furnished. The upgrade fee (around £40/night) also entitled us to a bottle of wine every night delivered to the room, with a variety of wines we could choose from, all of excellent quality. We also had a variety of complimentary flowers and snacks delivered to the room throughout our stay.The staff at the hotel were a credit to Le Meridien, nothing was too much trouble and every member of staff we saw during our stay would without fail greet us. Arranging trips through the concierge was simple, and free shuttles to the Mall of Dubai and Emirates Mall were available.The hotel has several excellent pools, which include poolside bars with seats available in the pool to keep you cool whilst you enjoy a drink. There is a lovely beach, and the sea seems very safe to swim in, if somewhat hot at around 35 to 40 degrees during our stay!! The only minor criticism I would make is that the &quot;Prime Rib&quot; restaurant is, I would say, somewhat expensive, especially it's wine selection. The hotel buffet however is much cheaper and provided excellent food at both breakfast and dinner.As a suggestion, make sure you always obtain the small business cards the hotel provides that have their address in a variety of languages, many of the local taxi drivers have no idea how to get to the hotel and the card proves very useful.We will definitely return. This hotel definitely deserves it's rating on TripAdvisor as number 1 hotel in Dubai.	
Sep 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I visited LRM with my girlfriend last July, had a wonderful time and everything was perfect. Stayed in a Tower Room with a sea view which was amazing, you get complimentary snacks brought to your room every afternoon and a bottle of wine every evening. We enjoyed our visit so much that we are returning later this month. Unfortunately the experience I have had with my booking so far this year has not been so great! I sent an email to the advertised address on the LRM website making a simple request for my girlfriends birthday and asking for some details on transfers from the airport. Upon waiting a week for a response no one got back to me, I had to ring the hotel (from the UK!) and ask for someone to take a look at my email. I was very disappointed with this and the staff member in Reservations I spoke to was'nt too bothered by the fact that I had to ring in to get a response from a simple email.Hopefully my return to this hotel will be as great as it was last year, I will keep you posted.	
Sep 10 2009 	Another Great Holiday	Fourth time in lrm and the high standards are being maintained evident by the No1 position on Trip Advisor. Our stay was from 15th-30 August therefore almost a week of Ramadan. I have to admit this was the first time I noticed any change - no alcohol in the pool bars before sunset - but still serving food, whilst I don't claim to be a religious expert I though it was about no food or drink (alcohol or otherwise) before sunset? Please feel free to correct me. Anyway for those of you who are unaware this included all the cafe's and restaurants in the shopping mall's you could not get either food nor drink until sunset. That said it did neither spoil this holiday nor deter visiting during Ramadan in the future.I am getting really fed up with people continually complaining about the price of drinks. It is partly why Dubai doesn't get the &quot;Lager lout&quot; culture that Spain has and thus delivers what I want from a holiday. The hotel provides more free water than you can drink and if you cannot afford the alcoholic drinks prices then don't buy it!Some members of staff I would like to thank:- Lee, Jagdeep (Club Lounge) in fact ALL of the Club Loung staff were excellent, Peitries(spelling may be incorrect) he was working in the Infinity pool area (now working on the beach) who really looked after us, engaging in conversation whilst not being too familiar and had a good sense of humour.Once again I would like to thank everyone from General Manager down to the lowest staff members for another enjoyable stay. It will not be long before we return and if you are looking for a &quot;Piper&quot; for your New Year festivities I am available?	
Sep 10 2009 	Professional Hotel outstanding service.	Very good hotel offering excellent service. Watch out the restuarants and additional services which exorbitantly expensive. Had an issue with front office. Deposit held on my credit card was less than my outstanding bill midway through my stay. As a result I was requested to settle up my bill midway. This is unusual and dam rude. So watch out for this as it is not standard practice. As a result also be careful on the size of the deposit added to your card when you check in. Management tried to confirm it is normal practice... which I did not agree with. Other than that this hotel is a good place to stay, has good service and comfy beds.	
Sep 7 2009 	What excellent service made us feel really special very family friendly	We booked to fly with Emirates which was a fantastic experience &amp; a gr8 start to our holiday. We were only able to stay for 4 days due to work/school commitments which was a shame. This is our second time to this hotel (1st stayed 8 years ago) we booked our flights and hotel directly via the net. I arranged for the hotel to sort our transfers, and that is where the amazing experience began. We were met in a lovely BMW, when met we were not allowed to touch our luggage, in the car we were greated with cold flannels and chilled water, a nice touch after experiencing a few minutes of the 40 degree heat! Upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted by the receptionist coming out to the car and knowing our names immediately. We were told not to worry about checking in, we were immediately taken to our Junior Suite (2 kids beds put up in lounge area). The hotel took our passports &amp; credit card &amp; did all the formalities without the hassle of us hanging around reception which was brilliant bearing in mind my kids of 6 &amp; 3 were tired and getting grouchy. The rooms were very large overlooking the pool &amp; beach, with a large balcony area. The bathroom consisted of large corner bath, loo, bidet and seperate shower area. Also retracting washing line in bath area which was very useful with 2 messy kids!On the kids beds they were greeted with the usual evening chocolates together with a kids rucksack containing teddies and details of the kids club. (Kids club open 9 till 1 and 2 till 6) this was FOC. Kids club open for ages 4 upwards, my 6 year old loved it.Every day a large bowl of complimentry fruit was left in the room together with a dish made by the bakery.One day my husband was left a birthday cake in our room even though his birthday isn't for another week (we never told them his birth date!) - This attention to detail was present everywhere, the staff at reception remembered our names and all the staff made a fuss of the kids. From 7pm to 9pm every evening a free babysitting service was provided by the kids club so that parents could dine in peace, this was a good idea but in reality they just sat with the kids while they watched a film so my 6 year old got a bit bored of this. We found out about the babysitting service and were pleasantly suprised that it was only £14 for 3 hours, so we took full advantage of this and found the service excellent. That said the meals and drinks here are not cheap, the cheapest bottle of wine was £40 but the quality of the food was excellent. I have been vey fortunate to stay in some lovely hotels around the world, this tops it in terms of service.We never got as far as the beach but there was a complimentary shuttle service. The 3 pools were welcomed in the intense heat as were the cold flannels and rasberry ice shots that were distributed regularly.	
Sep 6 2009 	Very luxurious hotel - hiccup on check in but VERY well resolved !	i travel a lot for work and leisure and have decided to join trip advisor to put honest and reliable reviews on here to help others out.I travelled to Le Royal Meridien Dubai in June for 5 nights with 2 friends.... we arrived in on an early Emirates flight and weren't expecting our room to be ready as it was about 8am we got to the hotel. However we also weren't expecting to be told by one of the receptionists to 'take a seat' in the foyer area and completely forget about us for over an hour. Plenty more guests were coming in and being seen to and going away yet we were still sitting like 3 lost souls. When I went up to question the same receptionist who had taken our passports 1 hour earlier why we were still waiting, he ignored me, put his head down and started working at his computer... BUT lucky one of the other receptionists came along, took over and had us sorted out within about 15 minutes. I chatted with the receptionist about this hiccup and she strongly apologised for it and we left it at that being happy enough that they had recognised we had been inconvenienced. We had booked a triple deluxe sea view room - we were told that the room would be too small for us and they would 'upgrade' us to a family room - but when we questioned what sort of view the room would have had it was going to be land view (ie - building site) so we asked just to stay in a smaller room with better view ie. our original booked room. Anyhow after a couple of hours we got told our room was ready and that they had upgraded us to a suite with a sea view ! In actual fact i think they were overbooked in the deluxe sea view as they seemed to be quite adamant about getting us not to take that room.... but if worked out very well for us - the room was awesome !Massive living room, massive bedroom - the most comfortable beds i have EVER had in hotels, fabulous bathroom, massive flat screen TVs in living room and bedroom.Staff couldn't have done anymore for you from bottled water throughout the day to little treats and chocolates at night - excellent. We also had a problem with the internet in the room for the first few days but they were always very attentive and got it fixed asap. The toiletries they use are wonderful - very luxurious. The pool areas are lovely - altho the bridge across the main pool can be a bit steep and slippy to walk on and off. The prices of food and drink in the hotel is ridiculous - but this might just be the way things are in Dubai.... our first night we went to the hotel italian restaurant and for a pizza and a small glass of wine it cost about £40. Breakfast was great with a wide range of food available - however they could have done with having the food covered better as there was often flies and insects in the cold cut meats, cheese and cereal areas.The gym facilities are very good too - with plenty of towels, fruit and bottled water available. We had a birthday when we were there and they very kindly organised a cake, fruit and flowers in the room.... The concierge service is great and the guys at the front of the hotel to help with taxis etc are very helpful.There are some restaurants, shops and a supermarket close to the hotel.All in all i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone ! If i ever go back to Dubai i would stay here without a second thought. Hiccups can occur when hotels are busy etc but the way in which these situations are dealt with show you how good/bad the place is being run - and Le Royal Meridien are top class at what they do. Hotel is also in a great location to access to many different parts of dubai = taxis are easy to get thanks to the hotel and they are very reasonably priced.Hope this helps !	
Sep 5 2009 	Luxury Hotel with beautiful grounds	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights on the way back from a malaysian tour.We arrived at 5 am and were met by a very luxurious bmw 7 series to transfer us to the royal meridien. We had packed a small case with clothes and swimwear that we would need for the day not expecting to have our room until after lunch.On arrival we were congratulated on our anniversary and told we had been given a complimentary upgrade to a tower room and whisked away to the tower block reception to be checked into a room that was ready immediately. It was so nice after a long journey to have a room given to us straight away. We were escorted to room 8008 which was gorgeous and had a seaview. Everything on offer was explained to us and we were invited to eat breakfast at the fusion restaurant which was smaller and calmer than the brasserie. The butler explained how everything worked and gave us a wifi code for the duration of our stay (free broadband in rooms if you have your laptop to plug in but we were using an itouch)The room itself was very comfortable, the pillows are the best i have ever slept on. My only 2 critisisms are that the cream carpet had a few stains on it and was a bit dirty round the edges and that wrought iron furniture on wonderfully large balcony is not a good idea in over 50 degrees of heat unless you want your bottom branding. It really was too hot to sit on.The bathroom had luxury toiletries and lots of them, wonderful robes that were silky on the outside with a towelling lining, large thick towels which were replaced everytime someone came in the room.The staff left lots of bottled water each day as well as a small treat like a quiche or chocolate tart as well as daily chocolates with the turndown service.We were so touched by a bouquet of roses and lilies, strawberries dipped in chocolate, and champagne with a card congratuling us on our anniversary.We stayed half board and although we are not fond of buffet restaurants found that the choice was wide and all the food was top quality. If you dont wish to eat in the buffet restaurant you can have 90 dirhams towards eating elsewhere although one menu we read showed that a starter was in excess of this. As we had eaten an abundance of great food in great restaurants on our trip we decided to stick with what was included in our package and found it enjoyable.Shame the drinks are so expensive. About £8 for a small bottle of becks. We were there during Ramadan so no alcohol was served in the bars or restaurants during the day and although a sign explain that this was until 8 pm my husband was embarrassed by being refused a beer with his dinner at 8.25. He was told that he may order it but it wouldnt be served until 8.30. We wouldnt have wished to offend anyone and thought it was ok after dark or at least after 8 as the notice outside the restaurant stated.The hotel pool area and beach is really well kept and staff bring cold towels and cool sprays round to guests regularly. Lunch is available on your sun lounger although we found the food at the proper eating area outside more reasonably priced and plentiful too. There is a row of shops and restaurants outside the hotel and we set off in search of soft drinks cheaper than £4 but it was so so hot to walk and after 10 mins of not coming across a supermarket we returned empty handed and far too hot to try again.If we stopover in Dubai again this hotel would be on my list of possibles	
Sep 4 2009 	Beautiful hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, lovely hotel, rooms good size, lovely views from balcony out to sea and over the 3 pools, cold water sprays and small slush puppies bought to you at the pool area which was welcomed in the 52 degrees! Breakfast was everything you could wish for. Only negative thing I would mention is the high prices for food and drink within the hotel but its a 5 star hotel so you expect this really. We upgraded to the tower rooms at a very reasonable rate,where they really cant do enough for you, you even get free bottle of wine of your choice every day!	
Sep 4 2009 	Lovely hotel	Great hotel, good location, beautiful grounds. Temperature controlled pools were a definite bonus. The hotel very kindly upgraded us when we had some problems with their mall shuttle. Staff very friendly and helpful and able to cope with small children.Dubai mall way better than Emirates mall as much more modern. Avoid Wonderland theme and water park like the plague as it is not well maintained and empty. Atlantis water park is good value and great fun. The Dubai outlet mall provides a spot of bargain hunting if you tire of the high prices in the shops	
Sep 3 2009 	Would recommend this hotel!	As a regular visitor to Dubai and having travelled all over the world, when we arrived at Le Royal Meriden its was lovely after a 7 hour flight to be greeted at the door and offered a seat whilst we checked in with fresh orange juice. Edoardo the hotel manager was very proffesional, helpful with all of our needs. We loved eating in the fusion for breakfast and our suite room 307 was one of the best we have ever stayed in! If you get chance to have a drink in the Bar Below its well worth a visit Sanjee the bar manager made us very welcome. The grounds are fabulous and the buggy to the beach is a much needed luxury! (it was 48 degrees!) The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and a credit to Edoardo, we had a great stay..Thankyou	
Sep 3 2009 	return visit	Hi stayed at this hotel in June and after having a wonderful time we decided we would go back in August. for a couple of days before moving on to the Burj Al Arab this is our 4th/5th visit to this hotel. Also stayed at it's sister hotel GHH quite a few times too.We arrived early around 7am to check in and our room was ready which is always nice. I loved this hotel for that, however we wanted to change our to a suite as we like those rooms better, no free upgrade was available this time so had to pay for one, Ouch!! still the suite was lovely and the service as usual was excellent, staff were all very friendly and polite, there is meant to be a turn down service each evening but i don't know if our room steward was new or not as all he ever done was leave a chocolate on each side of the bed! which has never happened before other times the bed would be turned down and our slippers laid out ready! but still the bed itself is a dream to sleep in so comfy and the sheets are so soft if it wasn't for the fantastic breakfast in the mornings i would find it hard to get out of it. Full English Bfast, loved it.we always used the hotel car when we went anywhere as they were not much dearer then a taxi and the drivers are a lot more safer in my opinion!Don't rate the food in the club lounge i think the GHH has a much better selection nor do they adhere to the dress code, hubby said he felt like a right narna dressed in trousers and shrit at tea time's when all the other blokes we in shorts and vest tops.On the whole we had another lovely stay but think the usual high standards which we have come to rely on may have started to lapse some what, it's for this reason that when we go back next month we may give some other chain of hotels a try. I would still recomment this hotel to anyone though.	
Sep 2 2009 	A beautiful hotel	We arrived after an overnight flight and to our delight were upgraded to a fabulous room overlooking the marina, Burj al Arab and Atlantis. Amazing! The hotel delivered 5* luxury, all staff were very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable and spoke great English. The bottles of water, bowl of fruit and little cakes etc were a very welcome sight when coming back from the pool or shopping. The food was excellent in all areas. I will definitely be going back to this hotel when I next (hopefully!) travel to Dubai.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent but pricey restaurants. Quite moisy.	The hotel tries hard and I cannot fault them for this, but their pricing means there are alot of families with children so dont expect a quiet day by the pool. Best to hang by the small pool and hit the beach after 4 when the heat is just about bearable. Prime Rib excellent, expect to pay £40 for a steak and £150 for a meal for two. Maya excellent also, not quite so pricey. A five star place but not up to the 5+ stars of the other hotels we stayed in, The Address Downtown Burj Dubai and Al Qasr at Mandinat Jumeirah.	
Sep 1 2009 	Smiles all-round within an oasis of calm	This is a genuine 5 star hotel. From check-in to check-out, every need we had was attended to quickly and efficiently. We were provided with chilled handtowels to freshen up with at check in and the receptionist and staff were full of smiles. It makes a change when the staff genuinely care about your experience in a hotel! Having booked a Club Room, we weren’t given a complementary upgrade. I think that privilege is reserved for couples; two lads on a beach holiday aren’t going to find many favours within the hotel’s upgrade policy. However, the twin room was ultra-clean, spacious and well kitted out with amenities in the bathroom and complimentary internet (wifi/fixed broadband) in the rooms. We did have a problem with the internet connection but a butler arrived at our room with an array of tools to try and solve it. Failing that, internet access in the business centre is free for guests. Housekeeping was ultra-efficient with every request (for an ironing board, menus, and IT support) being attended to within 5 minutes! My only fault with the hotel is that if you are driving there, it is difficult to find; it’s not signposted at all. Head towards the American University of Dubai and once you exit Sheikh Zayed Road, turn left and head towards the Habtoor hotel. Then take the	
Aug 31 2009 	Maintaining Standards	We returned to the LRM after two years and were not disappointed to find standards had not dropped. This is a first class hotel with amazing service. Nothing is too much for the staff to make your stay more enjoyable. We can not fault anything with this hotel from the greeting on arrival to the departure. We stayed in a Club room sharing with our 13yr old son. We were on B&amp;B. The breakfast was excellent fininshing at 1100hrs, great for a lie in. The beds are the most comfortable I have used in any hotel! We made good use of the club lounge for afternoon tea and the inclusive drinks and cannapies that ran from 1830hrs to 2030hrs. A Club room really does make good financial sence.We went into Ramadam for the last couple of days. The only effect on the hotel was that there was no alcohol served outside from the bars or untill after 1930hrs inside. All other outlets/restaurants continued as normal.If you want a touch of luxury and to be looked after by staff who genuinely cared then the LRM is the hotel for you.The &quot;Walk&quot; has now opened and is just around the corner from the hotel. We walked along there quite often and there are plenty of shopes from designer stores to supermarkets. There is also a Subway/TGI/Chillis etc for eating out as well as more serious restaurants. You can also just go out and get a coffee at Starbucks if you want. It was somewhere nice to stretch your legs at night without having to get a cab.	
Aug 30 2009 	Amazing Week	We stayed at LRM from the 1st to 9th August. We stayed in a Tower room on the 13th floor which was beautiful with the most wonderful bed (I wanted to bring a pillow home!) The room always had fresh roses and included in the price was a bottle of wine each evening. Lovely bathroom with really nice toiletries and extra large soft towels. Loved the fact we had our own doorbell which always rang around 6pm each evening with a delivery of chocolates and a daily proverb.It was my partners 40th Birthday during our stay &amp; he was given a lovely cake with sparkling wine, but his birthday seemed to last all week as everywhere we went everyone wished him Happy Birthday even when we went to other hotels for diner! Staff really went out of there way to make sure everything was perfect especially Sada our butler &amp; the guy on the front door in the evenings whose name i cant remember, always seemed to know were we were going to even before we asked for a taxi, a true professional.I would recommend a visit to the Burj al Arab the building is amazing and staff were lovely there too. We ate there on my partners birthday at Junsui which is Thai &amp; Oriental approx £70 per head which was excellent value, we were given a fabulous chocolate Birthday cake at the end of a rather filling meal so it was boxed up for us to take back to the hotel in a huge gold box,(however wine was between £15 -£20 per glass) Cocktails in the Sky Bar are a must Mojito,s were approx £20 each ........but did come with canapes! Bar 44 &amp; Buddha bar at the Grovesnor Hotel were amazing too and we also loved Gary Rhodes Mezzanine also at the Grovesnor (sister hotel to LRM). The shuttle to the Grovesnor &amp; Mall's was a really good idea although taxis are really cheap and easy to get. Bar below at LRM was also really nice and often had a band playing.The food at the LRM was excellent ,we were on HB and we both said this was the best buffet we have ever had and we have travelled alot, (Even lobster on the buffet!)The pools and gardens are really looked after and very comfy sunbeds! Loved the little extra touches, cold water sprays, freezing flannels &amp; mini slush delivered to the sunbed! The beach area is really nice although the sand was really hot and the sea like a hot bath!The spa at the hotel was also really good with a selection of different plunge pools all at different temperatures ........the cold one freezing but supposed to be good for you.We also went to the Atlantis hotel which is truely worth a visit to see the huge aquarium and would recommend if you can ski,a trip to ski Dubai is a must .....totally bizarre to know it was 48 degrees outside and -4 inside even had a hot chocolate with cream a the cafe on the slopes. Not many people can Ski so you see alot of people just riding the chairlift, looked really strange to see the Arabs in traditional dress with bare legs dangling.Dubai is amazing, we also did a helicopter trip and the views of the Palm &amp; World surreal. The worlds largest building has just been completed with 165 floors, the bar on the 44th floor at The Grovesnor was scary enough for me!LRM is true luxury and you really don't want to leave, such attention to detail, arriving in late some nights there were always staff polishing, even down to the tealight holders in reception. We felt like royalty. Thanks to all the staff at LRM for making our holiday such a special one, we hope to return soon. Couldn't fault a thing!	
Aug 28 2009 	Faultless Hotel	All of the positive stuff I've read about is all true, I cant find anything negative to say about this hotel and our recent 9 night stay !!We had paid for a tclub room with sea view, the room was massive and came with the benefit of access to a club room for afternoon tea/sandwiches and early evening drinks included in the price. Drinks in the general bars can be expensive but we had bought a few cans when out shopping and put them in the mini bar (cans of coke were just 18p in the supermarket). There is unlimited amount of bottles of water, either in your room or given to you at pool side.Gym was well equiped, something I hadnt read much about but great facilities.Just a few minutues away is the 'WALK', some shops, bars and banks....somewhere nice to walk to and also to admire the very nice cars.Hotel seems to pride itself on high standards, such as if you book room service at 5 o'clock, or bag collection at 5.30, it happened exactly at that time and not a minute learlier or later. Staff work hard and always want to help.If LRM Management read this, thank-you for a great stay.Would go again, thanks	
Aug 27 2009 	Fantasic hotel and service	We stayed at the Meridien in August, the Hotel and service is second to none. Looking forward to returning next year.	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel Booked Again For Next Year!!	Me and my daughter stayed at the Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa on the 13th July for 11 nights and absolutely loved it. Upon arrival we were offered light refreshments of a cold glass of orange juice and a cold flannel which was well appreciated after coming in from the heat! We were further delighted when we were told that we had been upgraded to a tower room at no extra charge. We were shown to our room which was number 9005 overlooking the three pools and the beautiful Jumeriah beach! Weather conditions permitting a gorgeous view of the Atlantis Palm and the Burj Al Arab in the distance! The room was very spacious offering a separate shower and bath with complimentary Hermes products daily, fresh fruit daily, an afternoon snack daily, bottled water and early evening complimentary chocolates. We had a twin room, the beds were exceptionally comfortable. The bed linen was changed daily and fresh towels. The hotel grounds were immaculately kept, and there was always a friendly face to be greeted with. The staff was excellent and nothing was too much trouble for them. We have just booked again to return to the Loyal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa next July! Would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Aug 26 2009 	Just an amazing hotel - cant put it any better than that	We arrived at the LRM at roughly around 20:30 upon arrival we had a concierge take our luggage out of the car and show us to reception, once we were at reception we were kindly upgraded to a tower room which was a bit of a surprise as we werent staying there for too long, so we went over to the tower reception area sat down and was offered a complimentary cold drink and a cold flannel to keep us cool. The room we had was stunning and so clean i actually felt bad about unpacking and spoiling it etc. The hotel itself has a very good choice of resturants and bars in which to eat or just enjoy a relaxing drink we particulary enjoyed the buddha bar in the grosvenor and the bar below in LRM (Drinks are quite expensive but both bars had a nice atmosphere) we also went to the fusion resturant and La Khaima both resturants food was simply stunning and some of the best i have tasted and i usually go on cruise's were the food is in my expierience unbeatable a bit like the service you recieve on the cruise liners but i must say LRM topped it somehow, the hotels pools and private beach are also very good especially the guys who come round every half hour or so to give you iced towel's its amazing how much you look forward to that.Just one more thing to touch on the shuttle bus service from LRM to Grosvenor is superb as well as the free shuttle's to dubai and emirates mall's. I would highly reccommend anybody stay at this hotel whether it be family's or a couple on a short break needless to say we are already thinking of organising next years stay at the LRM but this time we will be staying much longer than 3 night's, Speacial thanks to sada in the tower reception a really nice guy and im sure he had something to do with arranging my birthday cake which was delivered to our room. also a great place to visit at night is the walk (cheaper resturants) and Madinat Jumeriah which is an amazing old style shopping mall with resturants and bar's surrounded by waterway's also great view's of the burj al arab from there,	
Aug 25 2009 	The best family hotel in the Middle East	This was our eighth visit to this uber friendly hotel. It was a great sign to see staff working there I met four years ago. My special needs daughter was met with open arms by the kids club who organise an unbelievable program of activities day and evening so adults get free time too.The hotel is spotless and rooms serviced exeptionally well.The grounds of this hotel are amazing and can only be appreciated by seeing in person!Thanks Meridien staff and see you again next year.	
Aug 25 2009 	Amazing	Hotel was fab, raception was lovely - cold towells and orange juice before being shown to your rom and having a guided tour en route. All facilities were great - the shuttle service to malls, and Grosvenor house were much appreciated. Book into the Buddah Bar at the grosvenor house - excellent food and atmosphere. Also Maya (mexican) in Le Royal Meridian was fab, the guacamole made at your table was a real treat. Beach was fab, even in August as they bar staff come round with cold towells and water spritzers. The beach is quieter than the pools, can get sunbeds at any time of day and oddly very few children on the beach. The pools are lovely, there are three, so always a place to suit anyone, kids, posers, swimers etc. The service in the restaurants is great - the buffet breakfast is lovely and tonnes of choice.The drinks are expensive and the food is above avergae price but the qualitey is second to none. If you want a chaper meal walk out of the hotel to the right and all along the beachfront there are restaurants that were amazing, Recconend the Lebanese place, amazing decor, amazing food in there and the selcetion of drinks was great - try a Sinbad and an Arrarat. Don't go half board it is way to restrictive, even if you have kids. There are lots of cheaper food options around so you can esily have a couple of big budget meals in the fab hotel and a few cheaper nights out and about. Can also reccomend Trader Vic's over at the madinat resort - lovely and great atmos as they have a live spanish band.Also go to the Dubai Museum - only 50p to get in and a really good educational and fun place.	
Aug 23 2009 	Le Royal Meridan Beach And Spa Dubai.	this was a return visit from two years ago. we stayed in the same hotel as the time before. we had travelled all night both by flight to abu dabi and coach th duabi. We arrived at the hotel at 11.30 a.m. and was informed that checkout was at 12 noon and our room would not be reday until 2 p.m. After travelling all night and in need of a shower we waited until 2p.m. 2.45p.m tired and sweating we went back to reception and eventually got to our room at 4p.m approx . From there on our holiday went well. Shopping great, wheather great. Queue early for an inside table for breakfast. it is gone very expensive from our last visit with 10% service charge and 10% municipality fee. Worth a visit , dont eat in hotel but in local restrants( tgi fridays) and shop in Carrfour and gold souk. Overall a great holiday after a shakey start. Recommend staying in Le Royal Meridan Beach and spa	
Aug 23 2009 	THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IN DUBAI	Stayed in the ROYAL from 07TH AUG - 17TH AUG 2009, second trip to the royal. What can I say, STILL EXCELLENT, we booked 2 club rooms, but were upgraded to Tower, We would of prefered CLUB, as it is closer to Lounge and pools, CLUB is over favourite, so when we return next year would like to remain in club.In this hotel it is the STAFF, THAT MAKE IT. Special thanks to WILMA in club lounge, her customer care was excellent, Thank you to Steven Mendosa for his customer service.You cannot fault the hotel, the location is excellent, with the new WALK. Food and drink is expensive at the hotel, my only negative point is the price of the drinks, I was really glad to book CLUB LOUNGE ACESS, as this replaced lunch, and happy hour in the evening for two hours was excellent!!!!!!!!!!. Will be returning to ther Royal next yearMrs Sandeep Dulai	
Aug 20 2009 	FANTASTIC 5 STAR	Stayed at The LRM It Was Fantastic 5 Star We Arrived At 4.30 Am We Had Booked A Club Room But Was Not Ready But We Were Offered A suite On The First Floor Room 105 The Butler Was Fantastic And The Hotel Is 5 Star The Walk Is Full Of Shops But In August It is Hard Work At 42 Degrees. Any Body Who Finds Fault Must Be Hard To Please We Will Be Back And Dubai Is Safe And Fantastic Well Done LRM	
Aug 20 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	We stayed at LRM for 6 days and was definitely not long enough! Arriving at 9a.m, we were well aware that our room would not be ready. We were given somewhere to change and leave our luggage, so that we could use the pool whilst we waited - also given a pager so that they could let us know when the room was ready. At 12pm, we were paged and delighted to find that we had been upgraded to a tower room, at no additional cost. The room had plenty of space for myself, my husband and our 10 yr old daughter (an extra bed was provided for her with a minimum of fuss). Beautiful sea views.All of the staff appeared to be effortlessly cheerful and could not do enough for you. The cool flannels and ice spritzers were a lovely touch, as well as the 6pm chocolate delivery to the room each day! We ate at the main restaurant each night and was highly impressed with the freshness and quality of the food - steak and lobster available most nights, also nice that there were no chips on the menu! You do have to book each morning, otherwise you find yourself having dinner at 10.30p.m! We took advantage of being able to have breafast in bed on 2 occasions and was equally as nice.I had previously read other reviews advising of the extortionate price of drinks - to be honest was not really any more than you would pay in a wine bar in England - although we did walk down the road to purchase packs of soft drinks ( 6 cabs for a £1!) Plenty of free bottles of water provided in the room each day, along with fresh fruit.We spent a day at the waterpark in Atlantis, which was a great experience but cost nearly £180 for the 3 of us for the day, as our 10 yr old was charged adult admission due to her height - she is the average height of a 10 yr old so beware! I had read that bags were searched as you are not allowed to take your own refreshments, I did not see this happen, so would say it's worth a try!Also took a trip to the Dubai mall, where there is an inside ice-skating rink and definitely worth a trip. We used local taxis, which are available right outside the hotel. These are subsidised and extremely cheap - about £4 for a half hour trip - so well worth using these rather than the rather sweaty looking shuttle bus provided by the hotel!We only discovered the, rather well hidden, kids club on our last day which was a shame as the staff were fantastic and offered probably the best range of activities I have seen for a kids club. They are kept in the air conditioned club during the hottest times of the day but, as they have squash courts inside, they are still kept very active. Outside activites are conducted during the cooler part of the afternoon.In the evenings we made use of the free dvd rental,which came delivered with freshly made popcorn, again free of charge.It is definitely all of the little touches that make LRM the place that you want to return to again and again. The only downside of the holiday was hearing the way that some guests spoke to the lovely staff. Hearing a 12 yr old demanding that the concierge get him a kfc as 'thats whats he's paid for' made me feel quite ashamed to be Briitsh and alot of the parents manners were not any better! Already looking at booking our next holiday here.	
Aug 19 2009 	Turnover versus maintaining highest standards	This was our second visit to Le Royal Meridien and we've noticed that the quality decreased compared to last year. The staff and accomodation were still outstanding but it seemed like the hotel could not handle the occupancy, it was too busy just to maintain the right standard at all levels. We have been told that the economic crisis had a huge impact on the hotel's turnover of the first 3 months, therefore rates dropped (Management's decision) in some countries as very interesting packages were offered. The result is what we've seen in the hotel this year, hopefully the hotel can turn this around again and aiming for a long-term quality vision, rather than quick wins (read bonusses for Management on turnover).	
Aug 19 2009 	Great time at a fantastic hotel	Stayed from 22/7/09 to 5/8/09, arrived 0730 am and offered the usual towel and drink, we booked Club Room and unfortunately were not upgraded, but saying that the Club Room was more than adeqaute. Our room not ready when we arrived but were given the use of a Club Room to change and freshen up whilst our room was prepared. Then given the choice of 2 rooms. (We chose 357). We got off on a good footing and never looked back. Everything you could ask for you got, with no effort and no moaning. Exceptional butlers in the Club Tower who did not keep us waiting. Food at the Restaurants we ate in was first class although expensive, although on Half Board they gave us 90 Dirhams each towards the cost of eating in the other Restaurants. You had to eat in the Brasserie on Half Board. Everything in the Hotel was expensive, water was 40 Dirhams a bottle. Wine, well forget it unless you are 'minted'. The rooms were a little bit tired and I thought could do with refurbishment, but hey we went to the area for the sea, sun and sand. Not to stay in rooms for the duration of the holiday. The pools were clean, safe and warm. We found that the first week we were there they were empty but the second week it was the first week of the school holidays so they were very busy. On this subject there is one pool that is used by the children/adults with lilos etc, the other 2 do not allow them in the pool. So beware if you want to avoid being bumped by the lilo's. On this point this hotel is obviously one used by several English Tour Operators as the hotel seemed to be 95 per cent full of English holiday makers. The Walk which is nearby is OK if you want something different, beware the ladies of the night who use this area!! This is our 4th trip to Dubai and we have seen most things so only done a couple of trips and the usual shopping expeditions. As already stated things outside the hotel are cheap, suggest you stock up with soft drinks, beer etc at the airport on arrival or use Carrefour in the Malls. Currency exchange we got 6.1 Dirhams to the UK Pound in the Malls as opposed to 5.8 Dirham in the Hotel.Overall we had a a great time at this Hotel, nothing was left to chance by the staff who were excellent , from the toilet attendant to the Duty Manager. The staff obviously enjoy working there and it shows in the way they carry out their tasks. Keep it up Pam!!	
Aug 19 2009 	A fantastic hotel we would definitely want to visit again.	From the moment we arrived we were impressed with this hotel and its staff. We were given complimentary fruit juice whilst we were waiting to check-in and were offered a free upgrade to a club room. The room and its amenties could not be faulted and we really enjoyed the evening Happy Hour in the elegant Cocktail Lounge, with a good selection of cocktails and canapes. Our booking of half board included a morning and evening buffet which was amazing and even satisfied our fussy teenage daughter! She is a vegetarian and we are non meat-eaters but there was always plenty of choice every meal. The food was always tasty and beautifully presented so gets 10/10. The grounds were gorgeous and the three pools and beach were always clean and never felt crowded. The pool &amp; beachside service was excellent making relaxing even easier. The spa area was simply breathtaking - a truly luxurious experience not to be missed. Our only regret was leaving and we would definitely make this hotel our first choice when we visit Dubai again - which will hopefully be in the very near future. We would recommend this hotel without reservation.	
Aug 19 2009 	Outstanding Hotel with 5 star Service	Just got back from Le Royal Meridied Dubai and all i can say is what a fantastic Hotel this is, my wife and i have travelled the world and i can not praise the staff and service enough.We celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary while there and was surprised to find a bottle of champaign and a large bouquet of flowers in the room one evening, it made the stay even more special.The staff were friendly and could not do enough for you, drinks , fruit cold towels by the pool, fantastic.I would like to say a big thank you to all the staff for what was the best holiday we have had and will be booking again very soon.I am a little puzzled by some of the negatives written about this hotel when all i saw was a well run friendly place great for couples and families alike.The beach area was breath taking, so all in all an outstanding Hotel.	
Aug 18 2009	Fantastic Holiday	Just arrived home after staying 2weeks with my husband and teenage son and all i can say is FANTASTIC.We had read all the reviews before we booked so we knew what to expect.We arrived at 2 in the morning and got checked in straight away.We also got an upgrade to the tower room as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary.Our room was beautiful and the pillows were fab.The only downfall with the room was that it was a little small for the three of us maybe a suite in the club room would have been better but we got this upgrade free so we cant complain.The staff in the hotel were brilliant always said hi and could'nt do enough for you.The little touches like the chocolates left on your bed and cakes delivered every day were lovely.They even sent up a bottle of champagne and a card.The view from our room was great.We were facing the burj al arab and the atlantis palm hotel which lit up at night.A trip to the atlantis palm hotel is well worth a visit.cost around 100pounds for the three of us but the aquarium and the water park were out of this world.You could feed the rays and baby sharks.This was our fourth visit to dubai and we've stayed in various hotels and cant complain about any of them,but we have found this year that the prices have shot up especially in the hotel.Thats the only thing that put us off but we will be going back for sure.	
Aug 18 2009 	great hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of our trip from Sri Lanka and Maldives. Check in was so quick and given us a free upgrade to a suite which they left some lovley treats twice a day. As this holiday was celebrating our 10th Wedding anniversary the hotel given us strawberries dipped in chocolate, champagne and beautiful flowers. Staff were very helpful.The suite was lovely we had a lovely view and it was so spacious.Breakfast was great. One of the best breakfast about ! Pools were quite busy as there were plenty of children which a downside to our holiday.Would not come in August as its very hot had to spend most of my timw inside or in the pool.Did the safari which as good fun. Visited the two malls. preferrede the Emirates than the Dubai Mall.Will come again but in the winter time and would come back to this hotel if there were less children about !	
Aug 17 2009 	Absolutely AmAZING!!!!	One of the best holiday's I have ever had! We were upgraded to a club room which gave us the choice of having breakfast in the club tower (highly recommended as the brassire gets extremely busy!). We were welcomed to afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks. This was fantastic as it really saved on cost and we could have quite a few bevvys before going down to dinner. Food was amazing and the staff are lovely! We were celebrating a birthday and enjoyed champagne and cake which made it even more special.The only downside - it is boiling in august so be warned!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Smiles and service...WOW!!	As soon as we entered the hotel we could smell this beautiful rose scent. The check in went really well we had 2 rooms and they upgraded us to a suite with an adjoing room which was great because the kids (3) had room to run around. The cleanliness was excellent as well as the attention given to the fact that we had children. They would do small things like leave a couple of extra chocolates during the bed turn or leave extra water for us. The service was superb!! There was not a single person working within the hotel whom did not have a smile on their face during our interactions including a simple hello while passing by.This meant alot to me and showed me the seriousness of their quality of people chosen as well as the training given . Unfortunately we were unable to use the kids club so no reviews there. The kids had a ball in all three pools and enjoyed the beach. The breakfast buffet was UNBELIEVABLE!!! All in all we had a fabulous time!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Amazing Hotel all round	Arrived at Dubai airport which is huge!! and we where meet by our private transfer car. It was a luxury BMW wow blewn away to start. We arrived at our hotel at 2pm and we where welcomed by a team of conceirge men who showed us reception where we checked in with ease with a free fruit juice and cold towel to refresh. We where shown about the hotel which was stunning and then to our room which in itself was amazing so big and clean. We where located in the club tower. We where half board which is highly recommended as it is so expensive to eat in the hotel. We ate in the brassiere each night on our 6night stay for our honeymoon. We had an amazing meal each night,no meals where ever the same. The lobster was to die for!! So nice yum yum...The Guest Relations staff where so helpful when it came to booking trips, they went over everything with a fine tooth comb to ensure that we understood everything and the costs involved.Whilst we stayed in Dubai we went to Ski Dubai(amazing) Emriates Mall (Amazing), 4x4 Desert safari (Excellent) the Dubai City Tour (Boring very very Boring).If you walk out of the hotel to the right and take the next right and then left. Sounds confusing but its not far or confusing at all...then this brings you to the so called &quot;Walk&quot; here you will find numerous clothes shops, furniture shops and restaurants such as Starbucks, chillis and others which are alot cheaper than eating in the hotel. Plus it is amazingly lit up in the evenings, this walk brings you along The Hilton Dubai so if you see it then you know you are heading in the right direction. Most of the tours around Dubai are not that expensive at all. We went with £200 spending money and managed to do all our tours and eating out 3times with this money so outside your hotel it is not as expensive as people protray about Dubai.I would go back to Dubai in the Morning, and to this hotel. I really enjoyed it and our experience and it was not overly hot. Well it was very hot but it was bearable.The grounds around the hotel are amazing, there are amazing swimming pools and there is a 5min walk to the beach which is so nice but on a very hot day the sand is far to warm to stand on!The hotel gives you enough free water in your room to do you on a daily basis, though in the restaurant it was 30durium for a large bottle of water!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great for families	We had booked a club room here for 4 nights on our way back ti the uk from Singapore.Our arrival and check in were dealt with very smoothly and efficiently. However when we were shown to our club room we were disapointed to find that, although it was very nice it did not have the &quot;wow&quot; factor we had experienced using club accomodation elsewhere.This holiday had been a special celebration for us and we decided to ask for an upgrade rather than settle for this room. The staff were very helpful and cooperative regarding our request and we were able to upgrade to a tower room for 120 dirhams per night. This was worth every penny as the tower room was perfect. We had a view over The Palm and could see the Burj al Arab further along the beach. We were asked if we wanted to retain the club privilages or have a bottle of wine in our room each night. We opted for the club and enjoyed complimentary drinks, snacks , afternoon tea and of course 2 hours of cocktails wines and drinks in the evening. When we returned to our room each day there was always a lovely treat for us (usually a rich pastry or pie) and the turn down service had lovely chocolates.The pool areas were well laid out with plenty of sunbeds and helpful staff. The only drawback for us is that we were looking for a quiet peaceful time and the hotel was very busy with families. It was difficult to swim or relax around the main pool as children were having fun with balls and games in the water. Although it was nice to see this and the children were very well behaved it did not have the peaceful atmosphere we were looking for. We did however find a small quieter pool which suited our needs better.We did have a lovely time here but would say book a tower room if you are looking for a special experience and realise that this is without doubt a family hotel. We will look for a quieter hotel when we return to Dubai but would recommend this for families.	
Aug 15 2009 	Excellent hotel for family holiday	i stayed in this hotel from 2nd August to 15th August 2009. It is a real 5 star hotel with excellent staff that will do everything to treat you as a king. My wife and children scored the hotel 99%. Its location is excellent close to cheaper and lovely restaurants along the marina beach. The hotel has excellent pools, beach area, lovely gym, spa, jacuzzi, steam rooms etc... Also try the piano bar in the hotel....For Night disco, visit the zinc night club....Do not forget to visit the Aquaventure and lost chamber. The desert safari is another hilarious outing....Try also to skii in the Emirate mall...Yatch tour is another good stuff	
Aug 15 2009 	Well done Trip Advisor	We read the reviews and selected this hotel - we were not disappointed. The service was excellent, the staff sorted every question immediately and the accomodation was lovely. Complementary wine and fruit in the room, chocolates on reception and the outdoor areas are well cared for and extensive.Don't miss the Hamman Pools and Spa - all complementary - we spent a very relaxing hour moving from one pool to the other followed by a Sauna and Steam room. The food in the restaturants was very good but beware, the cheapest bottle of wine was 50 pounds. The pillows were fantastic and deserve a mention!We would stay here again - when the building work has finished, there is a big project going on outside the hotel front door which is a bit offputting on arrival and the noise can be heard faintly from the gardens. I guess that this is normal for Dubai!Good value for money and a classy hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Amazingggg we didn't want to come home......	We arrived at Le royal meridien early morning as we had an overnight flight. However upon arrival we had to wait a few hours for check-in, this wasn't a huge issue as we went out and enjoyed the pools and headed straight to the beach. Our holiday was amazing! The staff and waitors are so friendly and made us feel at home. We had a sea-view room which was clean and spacious and overlooked Jumeirah beach and pools, this view was breath-taking! The hotel consists of spa's, various restaurants, fitness centre, tennis court, 3 pools, bars, poolside bars, shops etc, you couldn't ask for more. However travelling into Dubai city centre is expensive on taxi's, even to travel into Dubai/Emirate mall the taxis are soooo expensive. So if your looking for a shopping trip its going to be expensive from LRM. Bearing that in mind, the prices are also veryy expensive in the hotel for drinks etc, but of course its Dubai, nothing is going to be cheap. Our holiday here was unforgettable, there is always something to do from sunbahing at poolside or paragliding on the beach! Thanks to all the staff!	
Aug 14 2009 	Superb hotel and fabulous service	We have just returned from our holiday at Le Royal Meridien where we celebrated our Silver Wedding Anniversary. We booked for 4 nights and arrived on the early London flight arriving at hotel 0930. Room was not available which is understandable but they gave us complimentary tea/ snacks while we waited, and it took just 1 hr . We also upgraded to the TOWER for an extra £20/ night, well worth it. This was offered at check in. We wanted a relaxing beach break we ceratinly got, but the most impressive part was the attention to detail at the hotel, not only within the hotel buildings but everywhere. Special mention of SIDDU who couldnt do enough to ensure our stay was most enjoyable.	
Aug 11 2009 	Wicked Hotel - Awesome Dubai!	What can I say....? the Royal Meridien in Dubai is beautiful and from the moment you get there till the moment you leave, you know you're probably staying in one of the nicest hotels you'll EVER get to stay at.The place is fresh and clean always and the rooms are immaculately turned down every day. The restaurants in there are great - if a bit expensive. Pools are good and the beach area is fanstastic.Not to raise anyone's hopes but while we were there we got several little perks - 1) Our room was upgraded, free of charge to a Tower room on the 10th floor (great view!) 2) We received a little treat in our room EVERY day - and I'm not just talking about the complimentary fresh fruit or mineral water - we got everything from cheesticks, to quiche to chocolate cake!! All very much appreciated.Needless to say the service from the staff is amazing - and a special shout out goes to Sidhu in reception/concierge - who was simple the most polite and courteous person I've ever met. Would do absolutely anything for you and is a very nice person. Plus Mr. Choudhary the Security Manager for his help and advice on the best things to see and do in Dubai.Would ABSOLUTELY love to stay there again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Still a good family holiday BUT...	This is our sixth year running at LRM for a family holiday. We still had a lovely holiday and made some great friends BUT there have been lots of subtle changes over the years.Firstly this is not a cheap holiday. The prices have risen enormously over the years and are now pretty astronomical. For example almost £4 for a can of coke and almost £20 for 2 plates of chips and 2 cokes by the pool!! The brasserie restaurant is good, if rather repetitive, but at £30 - £35 per person for this buffet it can work out expensive for a family of 4 every evening. They have also cut back in other areas. No more Hermes toiletries in the rooms. Instead a cheaper unknown brand. There are a lot fewer staff and only one club car around the grounds. Inside the Hammam pools and spa area the air conditioning was not working so it was too warm to be relaxing.On arrival we didn't receive a cold drink which we always used to look forward too after a long journey. The reception staff in Club can be a little frosty too.Most people are now making their way down the 'Walk' which is now open next to the hotel and runs along the Jumeirah Beach. This is an area of restaurants and lovely shops where one can eat much more cheaply. On an evening this is an atmospheric place to be with lots of locals and tourists mingling and people watching.I think the hotel is going to struggle now with their high prices and such acute competition from the 'Walk'. They need to re think their policy. Maybe have some special offers in the restaurants and on the beauty treatments and bring down the ridiculously high prices of items such as ice creams and soft drinks.Most of the staff are totally friendly and helpful and seem to go out of their way to remember you and make you feel welcome. But they could be a little more forceful when enforcing dress codes, especially in the Club lounges as shorts and swim wear are not allowed but there were people wandering in wearing them. Having said all this it is still a good place for a family holiday but certain improvements are now essential if they are to continue attracting the clientele they are used to.	
Aug 10 2009 	Absolutely superb the reviews don't lie a wonderful holiday!!	Just returned from a week's holiday at this fantastic hotel, and boy do I wish I had booked for longer, it just wasn't enough!! I had really done my research on this hotel via friends and business recommendations and trip advisor so expectations were high and I can honestly say the hotel delivered on many levels. We arrived to friendly staff who were welcoming and like many were offered a temporary room as our room was not ready, which we gladly took up after a long flight with an 18 month old! After a quick change, we made a bee line for the pool which was lovely and as many commented we were offered cold scented towels, water sprays and delicious slush puppies (A different flavour every day, which my daughter loved). The staff everywhere you cannot fault, clearly all very happy in their job and talking to many individuals, many had worked there for years so great staff retention which bodes very well for the hotel and a comfort to tourists. For anyone travelling with families I cannot recommed this hotel enough, all the staff seem to love children and are very engaging and happy to help when required, for example, two nights whilst venturing into one of the many resturants our daughter refused to settle and staff in both Osigeno and Maya were excellent in offering to walk her round the restaurant so that we could at least enjoy our meal, which was so nice, really nothing was too much trouble. I had already enquired about the possibility of an upgrade and would highly recommend that you do this via the hotel, if you are not offered one as it is much cheaper than doing it via tour operator, and would highly recommend the Tower Room, it is well worth the extra money for the wonderful butler service, fresh fruit, wine every day, turn-down service even popcorn to enjoy whilst watching a DVD!! You really do get looked after. The food was really excellent and for us as a family, we found half board really good as the food was varied, tasty and satisfying in the brasseries for those on half board, alternatively 130 dhrs towards a meal in one of the many resturants. We visited Prime Rib, Maya and Osigeno and all were really top class, 5 star quality, but obviously at a cost. I note drinks are expensive and this is a downside but at the same time it is 5 star hotel. My only constructive comment would be with regard to the pool food could be improved, more choice for children (healthy choices), more vegatarian options (Although staff cooked off menu cheese and onion panini's for me, but after a week of these...) and the same menu to be offered at all the various pools as it seems to differ, and the meals are expensive, especially for a family, we only have one daughter but some people had four children and this could be expensive!! We only visited a few places on this trip due to only a week and wanted to enjoy the R'nR as much as possible, however, recommend the Madinet Souk which is very great for food and shops, the Mall of Emirates for the experience, however I was under the illusion it would be cheap, but its not, its much more expensive for clothes etc, although electricals were cheaper! All in all we had a really wonderful holiday, the staff and the general manager were superb, a real credit to the operations of the hotel, if you have a problem, share it, will be only to happy to rectify which is what one expects and you don't often get in the UK nor Europe. The quality and standards are excellent and choice of facilities really is fantastic. I was really taken aback but now very understandabley talking to people, mainly British, that all had been before, four, six, even twenty two times to the same hotel, now if that isn't a seal of approval I don't know what is!!A truly superb hotel, fantastic time had by all and definitely will be back next year, can't recommend this hotel enough to all and this time will do it via the hotel, cut out the middle man!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Super hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on the way to China. We arrived at 1am and were greeted with fresh orange juice and checked in quickly and smoothly. We had booked a club room, but were given an upgrade to a tower suite which was fantastic! The room was spacious and furnished to a very high standard with luxury French toiletries. We had a large balcony with lovely views of the beach. We received nice little extras in the room each day e.g. a bottle of sparkling wine, cake etc. The club lounge was a nice place to relax with a cocktail and canapés in the evening and the afternoon tea was a real treat. The breakfast in the club lounge was very limited (but still lovely and of excellent quality) compared to the restaurant so I would recommend going for the latter to give more of an extensive choice. The hotel grounds were absolutely beautiful and immaculately kept. The hotel staff were all very friendly and accommodating. The concierge helped with ideas for trips etc, I would definitely recommend the evening safari and the Dubai city tour. We had a fantastic meal at the Prime Rib, expensive, but worth it. Wonderful hotel in a great location with exceptional staff, would definitely recommend to anyone.	
Aug 10 2009 	Dream honeymoon	We've just returned to earth with a bump! Following our honeymoon at LRM, we don't know how we'll ever get used to normal life again. We were met by an executive car at DI Airport, whisked to LRM where we were upgraded to The Tower for free and given champagne whilst checking in. Once in the room, approx 15 mins later a ring on our 'royal doorbell' and the butler presented us with a tray of chocolate dipped strawberries, bottle of champagne and a wedding card! Unbelievable. Every day following this there were several visits from the butler, fresh fruit, biscuits, pastries, individually boxed chocolates, the list goes on!The butler SADA remembered our names the entire stay, always stopped us to ensure we were enjoying ourselves and wondering if he could help us in anyway. Seriously, they mean it! It's not forced or pretentious, they genuinely want to make your stay fantastic! If they don't, they deserve 'oscar's!'.As everyone has mentioned, the poolside is no different, spritzes, slushes, freezing cold flannels, swim up bars, sunlounger service, it's immense! The hotel is typically oppulent Dubai style but beautiful. Bar Below in the Tower is great, Maya Rooftop bar nice too but not in summer months when it's unbearable outside. I don't know what else to say apart from, if you're pondering LRM BOOK IT! If you're about to fly there, YOU WILL HAVE AN AWESOME TIME, and if like me you're experiencing reality, MY CONDOLENCES!	
Aug 10 2009	Great stay but some are treated better than others!	Just got back from a 7 nights stay with my adult daughter. We had a great time and everything the other reviewers say about service, location, etc. is true.However I do think some guests are given preferential treatment and some not. We arrived early morning after an overnight flight. We were not offered any refreshments although I could see others were, and this would be standard in other hotel chains (e.g. Hyatt).I asked if there was a possibility to upgrade but was told the hotel was full. However as I said I was willing to pay, we were offered a club room which was then ready immediately. I decided to upgrade and do think it is worth it for adult guests (I think it is cheaper if you do it there rather than from the UK).We were then extremely tired and wanted to get something to eat so went for breakfast which we had to pay for (unlike others who I can see have been offered this as complimentary).Our room was fine and we really enjoyed the hotel, although some of the fixtures and fittings in the bathroom are showing their age a bit. After I checked out I said I had forgotten I was a Starwood Preferred Guest member so could I get points on my card. I was then told that the hotel does not participate in the scheme but if I had said something at the beginning I could have got a free room upgrade! This was really annoying as I had just paid for an upgrade!So although it is everything the others say it is, I do feel others (dare I say those with children or perhaps those who complain?) are given more.I would stay again but would hope to receive the same level of service as others.	
Aug 9 2009 	Even better than we expected!	Just got back from a 5 night stay at Le Royal Meridien celebrating our silver wedding anniversary - can't think of anywhere better to have done so! Arrived early in the morning, were immediately given a complimentary breakfast on arrival, and a heavily discounted upgrade to a room in the Tower - decor and furnishings are stunning. We had booked half board in the Brasserie in advance (at about 50% of the cost charged at the hotel) which was definitely a good move as the choice every night was vast, and the cuisine excellent. We read a lot in advance about the high cost of drinks at the hotel, however the upgrade entitled us to a quality complimentary bottle of wine every night - and the beer bought duty free at the airport proved to be a good investment! All facilities were world class - outdoor pools, spas, restaurants, etc. etc. - the location is stunning with superb grounds and private beach, and the 'extras' (cold flannels and watersprays by the pool, fresh fruit and chocolates in the room every day, executive airport transfer etc.) just made for the perfect holiday - we'll definitely be back! - Special thanks to Sada our 'butler' during our stay.	
Aug 8 2009	A great hotel situated on a great beach location	We had a week's stay at the Le Royal Meridien in Dubai and loved it! The hotel is situated in an ideal location a short walk away from the newly formed 'Walk' where you can find plenty of good restaurants, spa's and shops. As with most hotels situated in Jumerai this hotel is great if you are looking for a luxurious break with great service and class. The hotel is split up into two parts the main hotel and the towers. We stayed in the main part of the hotel which I was informed is about 9 years older and therefore more older and less expensive then staying in a room in the tower but nevertheless still of very high standard. The service offered in hotels in Dubai is generally very high and you will not be disappointed by the quality of service offered at this hotel. Staff are all friendly and very efficient. We stayed in a corner room which was huge and much more spacious and luxurious compared to the other rooms. Therefore request a corner room if you can as it makes all the difference in terms of space and comfort! The pool area was lovely with three swimming pools to choice from. My only complaint is that the two larger pools played european chart music practically all day long which took away the charm and arabic feel of the area. I would have liked to hear some arabic tunes and not just British and American chart music that you can listen to back at home! The beach area is lovely although I thought it was too hot to sit on the beach in June during the daytime so it is best to go there late afternoon when the sun is not at it's strongest. The hotel has a great harman pool area where there are five different little jacuzzi's all of different temperatures which you should most certainly try out and is free for hotel guests to use. It is located near the hotel gym area. You get complimentary use of towels and robes when using this. We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis at the hotel and the standard of breakfast is truely superb with a vast range of choice and excellent standard, certainly a great start to the day. The waiters will also make you the special indian 'masala tea' if you request this! The hotel offers a complimentary bus shuttle (at set times) to the Mall of Emirates and the newly formed Dubai Mall (which is now the largest mall outside North America we were told). The hotel also offers free internet access located in the computer room in the lobby for hotel guests to use. There are plenty of good restaurants and bars located within the hotel. However, the recently formed 'Walk' has an array of great restaurants located a leisurely stroll from the hotel which are all a lot cheaper then eating at the hotel. The Walk has mexican, chinese, lebanese, indian, TGI's etc so it is well worth checking out. Although there is a hotel spa again this is quite pricey and you will find a range of good beauty salons located on the 'Walk' that do great manicures, pedicures etc for a fraction of the price so well worth considering.This hotel has many charms and one of the things I liked best about it was that although it is a luxurious hotel it still retains an 'informal atmosphere' giving it a really nice feel and ambience. It is therefore good for all sets of people including families with young children, singles and couples. If you are looking for a high standard of comfort, service, great location and great food then you will not be disappointed with the Le Royal Meridien. Whilst there are so many nice hotels to choice from in Dubai I would certainly not hesitate returning to Le Royal Meridien again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Fabulous location	We went to Le Royal Meridien in December before going to India. Le Royal Meridien welcomed us very well and gave us a complimentary tea in the Al Murjan Lounge. The beach is wonderful and the view from our room was sensational, you can see the Palm Jumeirah and the Atlantis when having a Deluxe Room Seaview. It took us approx. 30 minutes to get to LRM from dubai airport. LRM provides shuttle services to Mall of Emirates and Ibn Battuta Mall. LRM has superb facilities especially for a families. However the only thing we were disappointed with were that it doesn't have a launderette. The breakfast restaurant has loads of choices. We would definitely go to LRM again in the future. I would like to advise people who are planning to visit Dubai not to go on the Big Bus Tour because the ticket is only available for 48 hours and there is no where enough time to visit everywhere as the ticket is only valid between 9am and 5pm which is a bit of a shame. LRM is in a great location on Jumeirah beach and is a great hotel.	
Aug 7 2009 	The best on the beach.	Once again our visit to the LRM was fantastic, our thanks to Pam Wilby the General Manager, Edoardo G her right hand man who make your visit is as though you are the only guests, the Team at the LRM really cannot do enough for you, courteous, attentive and welcoming even at 2:30 in the morning, and yes, the room was ready as it always is.We cannot recomend this hotel highly enough, you must try a stay here, how does everyone know my name is the first question you will ask yourself, the Team know everyone the next time you see them in the hotel.The hotel has the highest cleaning standards, the place is spotless, the restaurants are excellent, the service second to none, we would recomend Ossigeno, Al Khaima and Mi Vida especially as our favourites, but, try them all, if its not on the menu, they will make it for you and they do cater for vegetarians.Three pools and a fantastic sandy beach, what more could we ask for.Well done all the Team at the LRM, even Pam took part in the Team building games!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Probably not the best hotel in Dubai - but very good anyway!	I see that as I write this review LRM has appeared as number 1 in popularity stakes in Dubai on this site. Does that make it the best hotel in Dubai? Well, it might for some but not for others. Is it an excellent hotel? Yes - definitely. Would I return? Yes, depending on what I wanted from my trip to Dubai. I travelled with a friend for a relaxing time in the sun and this hotel did not disappoint in any respect. There are so many reviews on here that it's hard to find something new to add. However, for me, the thing they do best at LRM is that they manage expectations well e.g. the photos on the hotel website understate rather than over-vamp the hotel. Always a good sign in my book. Top marks too for their customer service - it would be difficult to fault their staff in anyway at all. From start to finish the service was impeccable. Genuine friendliness and unobtrusive with it. Cleanliness is excellent too - both in the rooms and generally around the grounds, pools etc. For us, the free access to the Hammam pools, steam room, sauna and jacuzzi was a real bonus. We had a club upgrade (booked before we went) which cost us approx £130 each for 6 days. Well worth it for the afternoon tea, 2 hour cocktail hour with canapes etc - on top of a bid blow out breakfast it was enough for us some days (although we did eat in the Mall and at Friday brunch too). If you are travelling with children the club room may not seem so fab an idea as children aren't allowed in the club lounge in the evenings. We didn't do half board as we didn't want to be tied to one venue in the evenings. The pools are great, as are the facilities generally . Nice beach (too hot in July though). Liked the shuttle every 15 mins to GHH - the sister hotel.The Club room had a decent sea view across the Marina, towards the Burj Al Arab and the Palm. We were offered a free upgrade to a Tower room on check in which we didn't take because we would not have had two beds. Our Club room was more than adequate for our purposes so no problem.The location is good. The nearby construction did not disturb us in anyway at all. Another plus factor was that, even though it was the school summer holidays, there were plenty of beds around the pools. Good pool service - free cold towels, small iced drinks and ice buckets. Lots of free bottled water in your room.So all in all a very good hotel - and I would definitely recommend it to others. I think that my next visit to Dubai will be with my husband and we will probably not choose LRM - that is not a criticism of LRM just an indication of what we both like. I'd go back as a family though or as a group of friends so there is no criticism intended at all. Very good LRM - and thanks for a great holiday!	
Aug 4 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Excellent Service Fantastic Facilities Definitely Going Back!!!	We have just returned from a fantastic 10 night break at the LRM, and felt compelled to write a review to highlight what an excellent Hotel this is.On arrival (early morning) with our 3 year old Daughter, we were expecting to wait until the 2pm check in time to gain access to our room (as we had been informed by Virgin), however we were informed that we would be given a temporary room in which to rest, relax, have some sleep etc., this was a huge plus point as neither myself nor my wife had slept on the overnight flight. When we also asked if there was somewhere to get food prior to going to the room, we were told we could also have a complimentary breakfast. Furthermore at around 11:30am our room was made available to us early.This was the start of what would carry on to be the best service we have experienced in any other 5 star Hotel we have stayed in. Midway through the holiday, we requested to be moved from our room as we had some over zealous guests in the next room that on one occasion awoke our Daughter, however again the hotel staff were quick to respond to correct the situation, and we were moved immediately into an upgraded room for our inconvenience, and were given a special Dinner in the Ossigeno restaurant by the Hotel Manager Edoardo.In terms of the main plus points about the Hotel:1. Exceptional Service from ALL staff; who could not do enough for you, especially with our Daughter who they all remembered by name and would continuously try and entertain her either by the pool or at Dinner or just generally walking around the Hotel. Furthermore the little things like Ice cold mist sprays, Ice buckets, cold towels and mini slush' brought to you whilst by the pools were a welcome relief in the heat!2. Beautiful Hotel &amp; Grounds; our 1st room was a DLX Sea View with wonderful views of the Sea, which was also spacious even with a fold away bed in, the 2nd Tower Room was also spacious with amazing views of both the Sea and the Jumeirah Beach Residences with additional amenities such as Hermes bathing products.3. Excellent amenities; 3 large pools all manned with a number of lifeguards who were fantastic with the Children, great selection of restaurants, we stayed HB however you are given credits to use in the other restaurants, our particular favorites were Ossigeno (Contemporary Italian), Pizzeria (Classic Pizza/Pasta) and the Al Khaima (Traditional Arabian Food), however equally the Brasserie (the HB option) had an excellent choice of food which was also equally tasty. One other particular favorite of my Wife's was the Club car which would drive you to the beach and back in the exhausting heat!!!All in all, although this was our first stay in Dubai, the only other comparison we can give against in Dubai was the Atlantis (where we went to the Fantastic waterpark), however we felt that the service there was nothing in comparison to the LRM. The only problem now is that you feel spoilt having been there and are reluctant to look at other hotels!!!In terms of Dubai generally, &quot;must do&quot; things to do:1. Atlantis Aquaventure - Excellent Kids &amp; Adult Waterpark2. Desert Safari - we went with Alpha Tours (through Virgin), great fun, however shop around as you can get better prices3. Dubai Mall - Fantastic Shopping, Aquarium, Ice Rink, Burj Dubai (worlds tallest building), Souk Al Bahar (covered AC Souk)4. Dubai Creek - take an abra ride up the creek for 100 AED (about £17)5. Madinat Jumeriah - great Souks and take an abra tour around the waterwaysFinal point would have to be that we will absolutely be returning to both Dubai and in particular the LRM at some point in the near future, many thanks to Edoardo and his team for a wondeful, magical and unforgettable stay in Dubai.	
Aug 4 2009 	fabulous 5* premier hotel	This was our 3rd time in a tower room at the LRM and as with previous visits we were extremely pleased. We have no adverse comments to make. The service is excellent with warm friendly staff for which nothing is too much trouble. We were on HB and dined at the international buffet every night of our 11-night stay, the standard of food was excellent as was breakfast in the fusion restaurant. I notice there has been some whinging about the price of alcohol, yes it is pricey but I see that as a good thing as it keeps the 'lager louts' away. Unless there are any dramatic changes it will always be our first choice of beach hotel in Dubai and our thanks to the management and the staff for providing an excellent all round service, keep up the good work and thank you once again.	
Aug 3 2009 	almost perfect ...	Just returned from 2 weeks stay at L R M.As you would expect from a 5 star hotel in Dubai service was excellent. Staff were always helpful and courteous. The pools were clean and never felt too crowded.Grounds were immaculate although some parts of the beach on occasions were a bit untidy. Bedrooms of a satisfactory standard although having a shower in your bath behind a shower curtain does not translate to 5 star luxury in my opinion. We booked a club room (free drinks etc. between 6.30 and 8.30 pm) If you enjoy a few drinks before going out for dinner this will save you quite a bit of money due to the cost of alcohol in Dubai at the moment.A cheap bottle of wine will cost £50. One Restaurant we visited wanted to charge approx. £23 for a glass of average wine!Be warned ;if you have young children they are not allowed into Club lounge in the evenings. Hotel restaurant food good but expensive . Room service ,food etc.very nice I would recommend dinning at The Marina a couple of miles away. Excellent Indian ( Bollywood) Chinese/Cantonese and fish restaurants all in walking distance from each other..Overall we had a lovely fortnight but the hotel does feel a little bit dated.Having said that although the hotel doesnt have quite the wow factor or modern feel that is avalable from other 5 star hotels in Dubai the cost reflects this . ie good value for money .	
Aug 1 2009 	Thank You - I Will Be Returning........	I spent 5 fantastic nights at Le Royal Meridien as a birthday treat for myself and had a brilliant time. Everything was just spot on, the only downside was that i didn't book a longer trip. The hotel, staff and facilities are just fabulous and for me it made my first trip to Dubai very very special. Thank you for my birthday cake and also my fruit cocktail on the beach - you made my birthday a great day :-)I will never forget the experience, part of me is still in Dubai I think.Thank you Le Royal Meridien I hope to see you again next year :-)	
Jul 31 2009 	Brilliant hotel 	We spent the first 5 nights of our honeymoon at this hotel and have nothing but fabulous memories, despite our unfortunate circumstances when we arrived; being my husband fell quite ill on the morning we were due to fly out on our honeymoon, and by the time we arrived at the hotel (2am) he was on his last legs!! The hotel staff were absolutley brilliant, they arranged a doctor to see him and then collected the prescription from the chemist for us. They would come &amp; change the bedding twice daily, (because he had a fever) would leave us extra bottles of water for him, and basically couldnt do enough to help us. So the first few days of my honeymoon was spent alone until my husband recovered from the nasty bug he had caught at home. But i made the most of it and sun- bathed, visited the spa for fabulous decleor treatments, had tea &amp; biscuits in their lovely tea room, window shopped at the many boutique shops they had, i never felt uncomfortable wondering around on my own as the staff we so friendly (and i think felt very sorry for us) The doctor had ordered no sun for my husband which was fine because this hotel has a fabulous hamman pool, which we regularly visited once he started to feel a bit better. For 3 days all our meals were taken in our room - the food &amp; room service was great! By the 4th night my husband was much better and we were able to dine in the hotel together (good choice of restaurants) Buffet breakfasts were so delicious too and served until 11am! We had a sea view tower room in the tower suite, the rooms were a good size and lovely decor, bathrooms marble and all immaculately clean, everything you needed in the room. Although we were not able to enjoy more of this hotel together due to our circumstances, we still have great memories of it, especially how incredibly helpful the staff were. Will definitely return at some point in the future.	
Jul 31 2009 	Perfect family hotel	Just got back from 11 nights stay at Le Royal Meridien with my wife and two boys (18 &amp; 11), and would recommend this resort to anyone. We've stayed in many top hotels around the world and this compares with the best of them. The staff were always helpful and courteous, the facilities were excellent (including a football pitch, cricket pitch and 3 table tennis tables!) and the endless supply of free bottled water in the room was most appreciated. The whole place was absolutely spotless including the three pools and it's a credit to the staff and management that they manage to keep it this way. There was an abundance of sunbeds and shades both around the pools and on the beach, so never any problem of getting down to the pool to save some sunbeds before breakfast (take note Mirage Hotel Las Vegas!!).I have to agree with a previous comment about the pillows - they are massive and you can't help but have a great nights sleep and I need to find where I can buy some!The only downside is the cost of meals/drinks, although this is not just limited to Le Meridian as we visited (and have stayed at before) the Hilton down the road and their prices are very similar, but £8.00 for a pint of beer, surely that's a bit over the top? All the hotel restaurants looked good (and charged accordingly), but we decided to eat out every night so I can't offer an opinion on the food except for breakfast which was superb!I read reviews about a lot of the hotels in Dubai before I decided on this one and I'm now pleased to offer my own recommendation as well.If you're undecided - book this hotel, you won't go far wrong!	
Jul 31 2009 	Don't hesitate to book this hotel now!!!!!!	Just returned from this hotel two days ago, celebrating our Pearl Wedding Anniversary. From arriving to departing, the staff in all areas were absolutely superb in every way, shape and form. Our room in the Tower was very large, decor was superb, balcony was big overlooking the sea and attention to detail was excellent. On our actual anniversary champagne and strawberries covered in chocolate were left in our room along with a card. We would like to thank all the staff at Le Royal Meridien for fantastic and polite service in all areas and, hopefully, we shall return next year without fail. I wouldn't even bother looking at any other hotels, Le Royal Meridien does it for us and we shall be back!	
Jul 30 2009 	Everything you could want	A fantastic 10 days at Le Royal Meridien. The hotel is immaculately maintained by an army of helpful and courteous staff. The early check-in after an overnight flight was much appreicated. Our room in the main building wasn't huge, but perfect for a holiday stay - HUGE pillows which I don't think I can live without now! The buffet breakfast was a great way to start each day. Always a plentiful supply of food of all varieties.Having 3 pools as well as direct access to the beach meant that you could vary your sunbathing venues and also ensured that it never felt too crowded anywhere. The 2 swim up pool bars were great for a bit of cooling off at the peak of the day or for relaxing as the sun went down. The sand on the beach was too hot to walk on with bare feet and the sea much too warm for swimming, so we avoided that in favour of the pools.The gym is really well equipped and was never busy. Our request for a late use of the tennis courts (9pm) was actioned quickly (nb - don't buy tennis balls from reception, as there are loads on the courts).We only ate at one of hotel's restaurants (the lebanese one, which was very good). Instead we often went round the corner to The Walk - a long promenade of shops and restaurants - or ate at a restaurant at one of the malls after a day of shopping, but usually returned for a nightcap at Seabreezes over in the Club block. Took the shuttle one evening to the LRM's sister hotel, Grosvenor House, just over the road. The Buddha Bar is the place to be seen there, but was really busy and we couldn't get a seat, so repaired to the bar on the 44th floor which was much more civilised and affords a great night view of Dubai.The shuttle bus to Mall of the Emirates and Dubai Mall worked efficiently and are worth utilising.Would definitely recommend LRM - great location, facilities and exemplary level of service. We'll be back soon!	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent	Great hotel, with decent beach, pools etc.Wonderful service.Downside - location away from the business areas so more of a holiday hotel in that respect.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great location and facilities	Stayed here for the first time as a lot of my clients have relocated to this end of Dubai. Terrific welcome at check-in, swift, efficient, cool towel and drink. Staff were universally helpful and knowledgeable about the area (which is something of a building site, but there was no disturbance from noise)The only downer was the price of breakfast, which I'd thought (wrongly) to be included in my rate, and as soon as I discovered it wasn't I stopped taking it - a whacking 130dhs, and poor value for that kind of money.Wireless internet, though, was free!	
Jul 27 2009 	Best Holiday Ever	I have just returned from a week here with my partner, and words cannot express how well we were treated at this resort,I originally booked the ATLANTIS but changed once I read trip advisor and realised half board here is the same as B&amp;B at the Atlantis, I AM SO GLAD I DID,From the minute you arrive, until the minute you leave you are treated like royality, We were lucky to be upgraded to a tower room, after only booking the basic deluxe sea view room with Virgin Holidays.On a half board basis, as we were in &quot;The Tower&quot; we had a (free champagne optional) breakfast every morning in &quot;Fusion&quot; , and had the option of Dinner in the brasserie or having AED120 credit each in other restaurants,While some of the restaurants are quite expensive, two gems to consider are The Pizzeria and Al MurjanHere is a review of individual outlets that i visited enough to feel i can reviewThe Pizzeria (My Favorite): The Staff here are incredible, so lovely, genuine and courteous. The Pizza and Pasta are perfection, with beautiful desserts to follow, (having a pizza/ pasta dish and dessert will only cost you AED20-30 over your allowance). It really is what it claims to be, casual dining at its best!Al Murjan: They may not have invented Afternoon Tea but they have perfected it, With a cost of AED120 you get a beautiful array of delights (See Photo). The staff yet again are so lovely, the perfect place to relax for an hour or two whether in the afternoon or as an alternative to an early dinner (it closes at 10)Brasserie: A 5 Star Buffet, and as buffets go top notch, The amazing service makes up for the odd lukewarm piece of food, with a special mention to the delightful lady (Sheryl i think her name was) who is at the entrance and after 1 visit remembered my name and room number, it was very special to be greated with &quot;Good Evening Mr Christopher&quot; and ushered to a table.The Piano Bar: We loved it here, the vocalist and pianist top notch and the waiting team duo exceptional (the friendly waiter remembering our drinks after one visit and the beautiful asian lady who was so courteous and polite).The last evening the waiter was shaking our hand and wising us a safe trip, and the piano duo waving us goodbye Maya: Visited the rooftop bar here one evening to watch the sun go down with a bottle of bubbly, great service, with amazing surrounding and viewsSeabreeze: Had a quick drink here, service was great, staff were very friendly but as this is one of the main places you can smoke it wasnt our cup of tea, and there were plenty of other non-smoking places that catered for us,Fusion: Only had breakfast here, but beatuful surrounding and efficent and friendly team make it a great start to the dayI could go on, and on, All i can say is visit here and you wont regret it,The Pool and Beach so clean, with drinks and complimentry refreshing towels/sprays delivered to your lounger by happy and attentive staffReception where nothing is too much trouble, and you are always met by a smile, The Spa Reception again so friendly and efficent.Room Service Team so polite and lovely, leaving fruit and snacks in the afternoon, and they geniunely work around the times you are not in the room.Concierge ensuring you dont need to life a finger each time you depart and return to the hotel, leaving with a wave and returning to a smileI would like to say a special thanks for two particular events:1. After a delayed flight we slept in the first morning we were there, I rang down to &quot;Service&quot; at 10.58, asking was there any chance of a light breakfast, and 30 mins later a COMPLIMENTARY banquet arrived in our room2. They must have noted my partners birthday from the passport, because on his birthday we returned in the afternoon to a birthday cake in the room, A lovely touchI fully intend on going back in November, and can see regular trips to this resort becoming part of our year.THANK YOU TO EVERYONE AT LE ROYAL MERIDIEN, YOU HAVE A NEW FAN (I imagine you have many)	
Jul 24 2009 	Luvly jubly!!	My cousin stayed at the Westin last year at such a good price so was concerned about staying at a &quot;cheaper&quot; hotel this time but we need not have worried. It went down to cost and with the help of the trip advisor reviews, we stayed for 6 nights at LRM. Our friend decided last minute to come as well but apparently it was cheaper for her to have her own room than for us to change to a triple room! At check in we did ask if there was a chance of a triple room but there wasnt though we were on the same floor. Then we thought he was offering us an upgrade - then named the price so we stuck with our deluxe sea view room. We were not disappointed. Fantastic view of beach/sea and the palm over well manicured, well established gardens and very clean pools.We stayed on B&amp;B basis and breakfast catered for everyone's tastes. We helped ourselves to extra fruit a few pastries/tarts and put them in our mini bar to eat later. We emptied the fridge of their stock and stocked it with soft drinks we bought from a small supermarket. We bought our booze at Heathrow but it was a bit cheaper at the Dubai arrivals duty free however tobacco is SO much cheaper.We arrived after a night flight and was welcomed with continental style breakfast. At 2pm, our bleeper told us our room was ready but we were chilling out by the pool. We ate at the pool bar (gourmet style burger/chips approx £14) . In the day plenty of people arround, but at night - where did they go. we didnt eat in the buffet restaurant at all. The pizzeria was lovely (£18 for a pizza but we had two between the three of us which was bags). The piano bar was not for us but we did go the Bar Below and there was about umm .....10 of us in there! So we went out to other places for nightlife.The Grosvenor is the sister hotel which we went to several times. Bar 44 is a lovely, chill out place with intermitent piano/singing and fantastic cocktails. The Budda bar at ground level was a bar/restaurant that had DJ playing music quite loud and what with the low lighting, im surprised anyone could see what they were eating - we certainly had to huddle closely to hear each other talk. However it grew on us and we were treated to a live fire show performed by the bar staff. Upstairs was private areas - for celebrities and such like.The Westin has a good bar and went there on &quot;ladies night&quot; (every Tuesday). some free drinks for the ladies and the place was packed and there was some live music as well. We had a really good night.Places we visited:Atlantis Hotel on The Palm (you can only walk around the lobby and also see the huge aquarium) It was further than we thought and spent quite a bit on taxi rides that day but we also did the Madinat Hotel (had a boat ride round and had good views of the Burj Al Arab) and the Madinat Souk. Also visited the Gold souk.Jumerieh Mosque - 10 dirhams gave you about an hours' talk about muslim culture but you have to have your legs /arms/head covered. You can only go certain days at 10am.Burj Dubai - worlds tallest building is nearing completion and you will see this on way from airport.The worlds largest mall has just opened - we didn't go as we would never have come out!The best trip we did was desert safari or &quot;dune bashing&quot;. It was fantastic and at £50 it was good value as there were several stops for photos, drinks and sunset. went to beduin camp with lovely lebanese food, free soft drinks and wine, free henna tatoos, sheesha and star gazing. Amazing and we would definitely do this trip again. Finally, the staff at our hotel were courteous, polite and couldn't do enough for you. Admittedly, we didn't go at the busiest time and we did hear that it does get very hectic in our winter months. The hotel (both management and staff) really do know how to look after you, there is not one particular person I could mention, they were all fantastic. Chilled flannels by the pool every day, plenty of buckets of ice, had our legs/feet hosed down with water on the beach as we walked to the sea! when we came back from our supermarket shop with about 6 bags, it was taken straight from the taxi to our rooms whist we went to the bar!Dubai is expensive but we knew that before we went - we managed our money better by buying our own soft drinks/booze and having a few before we went out for the evening, even sometimes taking the pimms and fruit down to the pool and making our own pimms concoction with complimentary mint from the bar! Dont get me wrong, we did buy plenty of cocktails as this seemed to be better value than straight spirits and beer.Dubai is still like a building site and especially around by the hotel building work is going on however, this is no way detracted from having a great time - just a bit of an eye sore. It will be fantastic when its finished - like a huge New York but more spaced out and we have already started saving for hopefully next year where we would be more than willing to stay at Le Royal Meridien again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Lovely hotel shame about the prices!!!!!	Just returned from a 5 night break at this hotel. What can I say about this fantastic hotel? The hotel is wonderful, rooms are big and spacious, cleaned spotlessly every day. The staff cannot do enough for you and nothing is too much trouble. The spa is out of this world you have to use the hammam pools, awesome!!!! The one BIG letdown in this hotel is the prices of the food and drink. A glass of wine cost us £9.00 a bottle of magners is £11.00 and a small box of pringles £7.50 shocking! What you can do however is take the complimentary water that is left in your room down to the pool/beach and ask for ice bucket and cups which they will provide, we also bought some soft drinks from the supermarket and took them to the pool with us. We were given a fab birthday cake and bottle of wine for my boyfriend's birthday which was a nice touch!!All in all this hotel is fab and would recommend to anyone visiting Dubai. One thing I would suggest is that you request a seaview room as landview rooms are facing a construction site!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Hot Arabian Nights	My wife, infant son (6 months) and I stayed at the LRM for 5 nights B&amp;B. We flew Virgin Atlantic. This is our third trip to Dubai and on every occasion the standards get higher and higher. The transfer from the airport was about 35 minutes. We arrived at about 8am and greeted almost immediately with cold towels and a refreshing fruit drink. Check-in was swift and I like how the reception staffs had individual desks as opposed to one large desk. This to me felt more personal. While we enjoyed leisurely relaxing in our comfy sofas the reception staff quickly finished check-in and advised that our Deluxe Sea view Room wouldn’t be ready till approximately 2pm (official check-in time) and that we could be upgraded to a club room immediately. I declined the upgrade as “club” facilities didn’t really appeal to me and the rooms were in an adjacent part of the hotel. I was adamant I wanted a sea view room. We were then escorted to a “temporary room” where we could relax until our requested room had become available. Room:The room was perfectly adequate in terms of space, very high up and had a balcony with stunning views of ….building works. There was very little time to complain however, as no sooner had an hour passed, we received a call from reception advising that our sea view room was ready and that we could be moved anytime we were ready. This I thought was great.Our room on the second floor had a brilliant view of the pool and hotel gardens. We could see the sea and the Atlantis Palm Hotel in the distance. My only criticism was that I did specifically request a room higher up, but given the level of service we were receiving my partner agreed that this was again more than adequate. The room itself was pleasantly cool (AC was working beautifully), very spacious and generally well presented. Bathroom was clean, perhaps not as spacious as one would have desired but acceptable. I agree with other comments that the shower curtains ought to be replaced with glass. We received a selection of fresh fruit everyday and plentiful buckets of ice on demand. Special mention to the housekeeping. He did a fantastic job of maintaining our room and topping up the water and ice. Meals:We had most of our meals at the malls where food is both cheap, plentiful and selection in abundance. Breakfast was average. Usual large selection but was missing something…no oomph if you know what I mean. The “fresh” juices were from cartons (I saw them being topped up!) One night we ate dinner at the in-house “Brasserie” restaurant. Food was mediocre and average, not worth the 195DHs (£40) per person. On another night we tried the MI Vida seafood restaurant. On the night we went there were more waiting staff than customers. This meant we did get a lot of attention but also felt like there was too much attention. I think the waiting staffs were just bored. There is a good (not excellent) selection of fresh seafood on offer to choose from. We tried some king prawns and red snapper. Cooked fantastically and tasted awesome. Bill came to a reasonable £45 with soft drinks. Well worth going there for a meal. Don’t be put of by the price per weight – it’s not that bad, one fish don’t weigh that much!Travel:If you have been to Dubai before, you will know that Taxi’s are cheap and everywhere. We used them a lot. Even if it was for short trips to local supermarkets (near ‘the Walk’) to stock up on Red Bull and crisps etc. Out of all the places to shop, we found the Madinet Jumeriah souk to be the best. Ok it’s got on a grand scale as some of the other Malls, but it’s got a really great selection of shops selling little nick-nacks and individual pieces of artwork and Arabic treasures. The souk is 15 mins from LRM. Spa:My wife got a massage. Reasonably priced and well worth it from what I gather. Staffs was very pleasant and professional. The surroundings are very grand and appealing. I used the indoor Jacuzzi and ‘mini pools’ and again these were very pleasant and relaxing. Check out:Was swift and painless. Did get charged for something from the mini bar, but I explained the mini bar was untouched. The charge was waived without any fuss. All in all a good stay and I would stay at the LRM again but only if the room was higher up or in a suite with a walk in shower.	
Jul 22 2009 	STILL AMAZING- BUT FOOD AND DRINK PRICES SICKENING!	Just back from our 4th visit to Dubai and the 3rd to my favourite hotel.I normally write a short review but will try and give a more detailed report.Flew in early morning from Heathrow,didnt have meet and greet this time just hailed a taxi just outside the airport,cost of £15 far cheaper.Made sure we got our duty free by baggage claim,12 bottles of rose for £60 a bargain by Dubai standards and changed a small ammount of money next to duty free.Arrived just after 8 and greeted by the same lovely smiling faces.Taken to our seaview room - no ugrade but not bothered just glad to be here.The standards are still very high and everything about the hotel is so homely.Now onto my only gripe £4 for abottle of water - 50p across the road in the Walks new supermarket.£3 for a regular diet coke - £1 for 6 cans in the same.£8.50 a pint and £40 for a £5 bottle of wine in the hotels bars.What i couldnt get my head around was the bars where empty nearly every night in the hotel,so why so high! The hotel next door was always full due to cheaper prices and happy hours.Come on management a bit of marketing required.Moving on new Dubai mall is amazing,the Atlantis is overpowering and not a patch on LRM.Dubai is still amazing and so is my favourite hotel ,see you again soon!	
Jul 21 2009 	fantastic	Just returned from The royal meridian, what a great hotel.On arrival we got told our room was not ready so they upgraded us to a club room,it was fantastic. free breakfast in your room, alcohlolic drinks between 6.30 and 7.30.Bed was the best I have ever slept in. And I have travelled alot.I cannot wait to go back staff were great and the guy who ran my bath at night was great, making swans and other stuff out of the towels.Food was fresh and plentiful, hotel was spotless and faultless.Staff can't do enough for you,and the staff in the penquin club were great at interacting with my small child.He loved it.Already pricing how much it would cost me to go back.	
Jul 20 2009 	Absolutely First-Class - Don't Go Anywhere Else	Firstly, I spend lots of time in hotels on business trips to the UAE and I always appreciate good service. This was a relaxing week with my fiancee and our first trip to Dubai. The service wasn't good at all, it was absolutely fantastic. Elegant without being posh, responsive without being too quick, friendly...and it was genuine, not 'trained' in to the staff. The range of outlets is excellent, even afternoon tea has a very unique feel to it. Both my fiancee and I were overwhelmed with the kindness demonstrated by the hotel staff at all levels. It really was a treat to stay here and we definitely intend to return. We don't see any point in looking for any other hotel when this one stands out so positively. By the way, part of my professional role is mystery shopping so I know what to look for in terms of quality and service. The staff are a credit to this hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	Can't wait to return	My boyfriend and i will be returning to this hotel in three weeks times and cannot wait. We stayed here for a week last august and had the most amazing time. The service from the staff at this hotel is first class as are the restaurants. We dined at several but have to say our favourite was Prime Rib, would definately reccommend. We stayed in the the main hotel in a seaview room and was very happy with the size and decor. Don't be put off by negative reviews about price, yes it may be a little pricey but that is too be expected of a 5 star resort and in my opinion it is money well spent.You will not be dissapointed if you have booked to stay here as you can tell we were not and that is why we are returning.	
Jul 19 2009 	What a 5 star hotel should be like	This was our first trip to Dubai and we were recommended to this hotel by friends. From the moment we entered Le Meridien we were made to feel welcome. Everything about the place is top class and although there are obviously more modern hotels in Dubai, Le Meridien is subtle and refined.The service overall is wonderful, they are so attentive and helpful, nothing is too much trouble. The restaurants are all excellent even the buffet. We particularly enjoyed finishing the evening in the piano bar where the staff are probably the best in the hotel. From the second night onwards we were greeted by name and treated royally as if we were returning friends rather than guests.Our only problem during our stay was the plastic shower curtain as we could not work out how to position it to avoid flooding the bathroom! Surely a screen could be fitted?Nothing however could detract from the sheer luxury of this wonderful hotel and we look forward to returning in the near future.	
Jul 19 2009 	WOW WOW WOW Outstanding Hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel between 10/07/09-18/07/09 and from the first step into the hotel it was all very good.With help out of the private car with our bags to check in at reception, all very professional. On check in we received a free upgrade to a tower room, queen size bed, large LCD tv, free wifi internet and balcony.We were on a half board basis but tried out some of the restaurants in the hotel, Fusion, Ossigno and Pizzeria all were amazing with very professional service. The staff are so friendly and get to know your names very quickly which was lovely, we really felt looked after. Nothing is ever too much trouble for them. I wanted to get my wife some flowers to celebraten our 1st wedding anniversary, I ordered them 11pm and by 10am the next morning the flowers had arrived in our room. Yes prices in hotel are a bit pricey but this applies to all hotels in Dubai.Also if you get a chance try the Buddha-Bar at the sister hotel Grosvenor House, amazing food and drinks.We would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family. We cant wait to go back and already looking into booking for next year.	
Jul 18 2009 	beautiful hotel great service fab holiday	Hi, just returned from LRM, what a holiday!!! booked bed and breakfast deluxe seaview,8 of us arrived and were upgraded to club lounge, for free, (unlimited soft drinks, afternoon tea, sandwiches and cakes) from 3pm-5pm, lovely scones, jam and cream. then at 6.30 - 8.30 pre dinner drinks (alcoholic and soft) and canapes, it was my 40th birthday, received card, cake and wine) what a nice touch. LRM is beautiful, spotlessly clean with hard working staff., the grounds of the hotel is beautiful with 3 large pools. the hotel was busy but never ovecrowded, beach towels are supplied at the pool and beach, water in the sea was so hot, lovely experience. taxis are cheap, desert tour is a must, really enjoyable day with a bbq, weather is bearable if you are next to the pool, humidity is very high especially in the evening becoming higher at night, once there you get used to it, the malls are huge with all the shops you can think of, Indoor ski is enormous with snowboarding and zorbing, buddha bar is spectacular, a holiday to please everyone. staff very pleasant especially Noel in club lounge, Ahmed on club reception, well done to everyone for making our holiday special. see you next time, nightlife is nothing special, hotel has a piano bar with singer and bar below. spa was beautiful, relaxing and enjoable	
Jul 18 2009 	Impeccable hotel- pure 5 star luxury	We stayed at Le royal Meridien for a week in April. From the moment we arrived the hotel lived upto our expectations. The professionalism of the staff at check-in was perfect and throughout our stay they were friendly and willing to do anything for us. The hotel rooms are great- we got upgraded to a tower room which was larger than the normal rooms, with a better view (could see Burg al Arab and the Palm)The pools were lovely although they got busy- we preferred the beach which is a short walk. The hotel is located at the far end of Jumeirah beach- a nicer part of the beach, with full waiter food/drink service which was a treat. They even bring round cool face towels and ice cool shots!I needed to order some flowers and this was easily arranged- they were beautiful. The only downside to this hotel as with most of Dubai at the moment, is that it was very expensive. Eating at one of the 14 or so restaurants wasn't an option at around £110-£120 for a buffet! Spa prices were extortionate so didn't endulge!Nevertheless I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyoine.	
Jul 17 2009 	Fantastic hotel staff and location	Stayed here, first time in Dubai, arrived 0500 on connection from HK, room not ready but hotel very used to early arrivals, told room in main hotel not ready, but we could pay for an upgrade to a tower room. We declined, but after an hour or so waiting we were informed we had been upgraded for free to a tower room - a gift from the hotel for my partner's 40th birthday.On her birthday, we were woken with champagne and cake, presented beautifully, and returned later in the day to find our room made up beautifully for her special day. It was very appreciated and a fine touch by them.The hotel, and grounds were beautiful, tower rooms fantastic. Hotel food expensive, but lots of relatively OK priced eateries within 10 minutes walk along the front. Great location - construction work behind the hotel, but didn't interfere with our time at all.Can't recommend enough, superb staff, can't fault the hotel at all. Thoroughly recommend.	
Jul 17 2009 	Fantastic hotel and lovely staff !!	We stayed at le royal meridian for 10 nights from 3 July to 13th July amazing hotel and the staff are really friendly. We upgraded to a suite in the main building (room 824) we were not dissapointed the room was fantastic and the views amazing ( we origianlly booked a club room with sea view we had to pay for the upgrade which was about £17 pp per night for 3 our teenage daughter was with us 16 year old) we still could use the club facilities, afternoon tea and drinks package before dinner 6.30 - 8.30 only thing was our 16 year old was not allowed in the club room where drinks where being served they said no one in bars under 21 even though she was only drinking soft drinks this did limit us as to where we could go in the hotel the first two nights we did not take her in but felt we were leaving her on her own .After that we did take her in but sat outside on the terrace no one said anything to us about her being there plus we had paid for her for club facilities which included free soft drinks .Also included with the upgrade was a free bottle of complimentry wine each night and breakfast in your room free of charge which we where not told at the time of upgrading we were told by other guests at the hotel. The bultler we had looking after us was called Carthick he really made our stay special nothing was to much trouble for him and he was really friendly we got fresh fruit everday cakes or quiche and chocolates on our pillows at night and loads of bottled water which we really needed. Also the staff round the infinity pool were really good putting our towels out for us in the morning coming round with cold towels, ice buckets for our bottled water, water sprays and iced drinks all day.We ate in the main resturant and the food was excellent and a good choice for everyone.(thank you to Metra who cooked the eggs in the morning allways smiling and he remembered how you liked them)The hotel is very clean and the gardens and pool areas are also very clean well done to all the staff there they do an amazing job. We would love to return to this hotel in the future but next time on our own so we can try the other resturants and bars in the hotel .It is expensive but you are in Dubai so you expect it (£5.00 for a can of coke,£6.00 bottle of water in resturant).	
Jul 16 2009 	Amazing hotel amazing service fantastic holiday	My husband and I stayed at Le Royal Meridien in May in our first real holiday since our honeymoon and it was long overdue. Our friends are regular visitors to the hotel and had recommended it to us and reading the reviews on here we thought we couldn't go wrong. Just before we travelled, I read some more recent reviews and there were a few negative reports which worried me slightly. However I had absolutely nothing to worry about. The service at this hotel is absolutely second to none. We arrived about 8:30am and were quite prepared to wait for a few hours until our room was ready, check in not being until the afternoon. We were greeted with fresh cold towels (very welcome after a long overnight flight), and smoothies. They offered us an upgrade on our room to a club room, which we declined as it was not a sea view ( a definate definate must in our opinion), but after half an hour they came back to us and offered a further upgrade to a tower room! We were amazed and it was so so fab! The rooms are gorgeous, so much space and so comfortable. With the tower room, you get a free bottle of wine, the fresh pastry of the day, fruit and water each day which was excellent after a hard day's sunbathing, and a big surprise as we thought we wouldn't be drinking much, but ended up enjoying an evening drink on the balcony before dinner every day- lovely! We met quite a few people in the hotel who had been upgraded so I think they will upgrade you wherever possible. Every evening the staff came in with a chocolate each, a bookmark with a different arab proverb, and a card telling you what the weather will be like the following day (hot and sunny in short!!). And they put a fresh mat down by your bed to lay your slippers on- such a fab touch.The staff at this hotel really do excel themselves. They cannot do enough to help you and that was our overall impression throughout our whole stay. There were staff everywhere which made us feel very safe and everyone had a friendly smile and were so professional, but they don't crowd you or make you feel uncomfortable. In fact, every time you walk into the hotel they welcome you like they've known you for ages and it's just these small things that make this hotel stand out from the rest. The food in the hotel was beautiful- we did not have a bad meal and the spa is out of this world. There really is not a bad word to say about this hotel, we were continually made to feel so special and really did have a luxury holiday, returning to sunny England feeling relaxed and totally pampered. Anyone who has a negative review of this hotel has either unbelievably high standards or is just hard to please. We thought Le Royal Meridien was excellent value for money- perhaps the only thing we could comment on was the fact that drinks were not particularly cheap, nor the lunches, but then we didn't go to Dubai expecting cheap drinks so I think if you have reasonable expectations and do your homework, you don't go to Dubai expecting to get good deals on drink- at the end of the day it's a Muslim country so what would you expect!?Some of the more 'flashy' hotels may look nice but are very touristy and commercialised, and Le Royal Meridien is, in our opinion, quietly understated, elegant, and absolutely fab- if you're going, or planning to go, you'll love it.	
Jul 16 2009 	Luxury wonderful service and amazing facilities!	Our first time in Dubai and we picked this hotel to experience a luxury, pampered 4 night relax, without our young children. We were not disappointed and returned home relaxed, happy and refreshed. We upgraded to a Club Room in order to get the happy hour drinks (highly recommended, drinks are v expensive!). The hotel is gorgeous, service sublime and spa is heaven! The gym is small but very well equipped, and machines all top class and brand new. I worried about heat, having read previous reviews and being fair skinned and a non-sun worshipper, but we sunbathed early, then shopped/spa/gymed, going back out late afternoon. There were kids there - all seemed to cope fine with heat - and we'd def go back with ours next year. Kids pool has umbrellas all round it. Hotel food is fantastic, but very expensive. Get Time Out Dubai for some good reviews of local restaurants with average prices.	
Jul 16 2009 	Best hotel for family with young children	We stayed at the Royal Meridien for a week in February and had a wonderful time with our three children. We were intially booked at the Westin but Virgin Holidays changed us at the last minute. We were initially annoyed but now we do not regret it at all (we had dinner at the Hunters Grill one evening to check it out and were very very disappointed). Altough the hotel is not as amazing as some of the newer 5 star hotels (al Qasr, Dar Al Mayaf, Mina a Salam, One&amp;only Mirage,...), the quality of its staff makes up the difference. They were extremely helpfull and nice throughout our stay, and made sure everything was perfect. Also- the three swimming pools are great for children and well supervised- the cold towels and free iced juices by the swimming pool were also appreciated- the gardens are refreshing and relaxing, and the beach is very nice. we went para-sailing with my wife and had a great view of Jumeirah beach- the concierge recommended using Orient Tours for our desert safari (the usual tourist tour with dune drving, camel riding, bbq dinner and belly dancer) and we had a great time- we went to the Atlantis - was fun to visit the lost chambers, but had a below average dinner at Nasimi (to avoid), and to the Madinat Jumeirah (not to miss) to visit the souk (nice) and have dinner: if you book a restaurant then you are allowed to access the gardens and the waterways (so we went around in a gondola and had a magic dinner at Pai Thai)Le Royal Meridien is definitively the best hotel we ever stayed at with our children so do go there with your family (for a honeymoon go to one of the hotels of the Madinat Jumeirah)	
Jul 16 2009 	brilliant yet again	My wife and i have just arrived back from our second visit to this hotel. I have to say it was excellent and will definately retuern. We had to pay a supplement to get an upgrade (which was a bit dissapointing). The hotel is outstanding in every sense from rooms to the staff to the excellent restaurants. People should be aware it is quite expensive with a two course meal with wine for two costing in excess of £100 at time, but your are staying in a luxury 5 star hotel. Best restaurant is Fusion. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 16 2009 	A fantastic first class experience.	My partner and I have just returned from an amazing week at LRM. When we arrived our room was not ready, but we were offered an upgrade (at 500 extra Dirhams per day) to a room in the Tower. We had just got engaged on the flight over and I told the staff this and we were upgraded for free. Furthermore, the next day there was a card, champagne and strawberries congratulating us. The room was fabulous. It was absolutely immaculate, as was the entire hotel. The staff are ALWAYS chatty, smiling and exceptionally helpful (better than anywhere I have visited before).As we were staying in the Tower we were able to take breakfast in the 'Fusion' restaurant. Again, even when it was busy, it was organised so well that you didn't really notice. The breakfast choice was first class and you could even indulge in champagne!The pools and grounds are spectacular. Staff ensure you keep cool by bringing round iced towels and water spritzers for your face. This is also the case on the beautiful beach. The water is the most amazing blue and as hot as a bath!Alcohol is very expensive in the hotel, so it is advisable to stock up at the duty free. There are lots of inexpensive places to eat close to the hotel and at Dubai Marina and it is good to experinece life outside of the hotel.One final point which impressed us was concerning a trip we booked ourselves for a sand safari. The concierge noticed we had been waiting a long time and phoned up the company and complained at them being late. He said he would follow it up as they do expect promptness for all their customers. We will definitely be going back!	
Jul 15 2009 	Still great but could do better	Returned from our 4th Stay at the Royal Meridian in early June and although we had a great time, for the first time we were slightly disapointed. We have been to Dubai 12 times over the last 10 years, and while the Royal Meridian does not have the &quot;WOW&quot; factor and facilities of the Jumeriah properties , it has always made up for it in its levels of service and wonderful spacious grounds. This time however we were greeted by a very frosty receptionist and athough it was our 4th visit at no point during our stay were we welcomed back. I dont expect red carpets and an upgrade to the presidential suite, but at the Mina Salam you do get taken to a seperate check in and find a small box of petit fours in the room, just a token gesture but at least it shows they are thinking. We had asked for a high floor and ended up on the 1st floor, again not a big issue but just shows a lack of anyone taking an interest. Breakfast also seemed to have gone down in quality a bit.Having said this the overall trip was great and its still a fantastic hotel, never feels crowded.You wont be disapointed if you go, but based on our previous visits, this is the first time it has not been perfect.	
Jul 15 2009	Wonderful Hotel	Just got back from this wonderful hotel. The service is second to none nothing is too much trouble for anyone of the staff. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept, the location is stunning. The food is great and so much to choose from. our suite was stunning and had so much room. I would like to thank Asber Karippaz our bulter from looking after us so very well, and also Edorado Giutoli the manager on of the nicest people we have ever meet THANK UP FOR THE MOST WONDERFUL HOILDAY	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Hotel Better than I thought it would be had a fantastic week......	Arrived to a warm welcome at the hotel and cool towels and fresh ornage juice. We offered an upgrade but didnt bother but after speaking to other people in the resort I think I will next time. We were giving a temporary room untill 14:00 until our room was ready free of charge and also the day we checked out we were given longer in the day to check out and then our luggage was stored which was very handy. Over all I was very impressed with the hotel and its facilities, the staff were also first class, and the grounds staff should also get praise for there efforts working in the heat. The pool areas beach, path ways were all immaculate and in excellent condition. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definately be back as a week was not long enough in Dubai, there is so much to see and do. I hope anyone visiting the hotel will enjoy it as much as I have.	
Jul 13 2009 	Not all guests treated the same!	Booked the LRM on the recommendation of our travel agent for our 25th Wedding Anniversary. Have to say we were not at all disappointed, it was all he said it was and more, but the BIG DOWNSIDE was finding we were not treated the same as other guests when it came to an upgrade. As it was a special anniversary our son had contacted LRM prior to our arrival and asked if it would be possible for them to do something special for our anniversary, they said they would upgrade us (subject to availability). On arrival we were offered an upgrade (so there was obviously availability) but at an EXTRA COST OF 500 dirhams per night. Having read about the many complimentary upgrades on tripadvisor I was somewhat taken back and on principal refused the upgrade. I did not complain at the time as I didn't want any to spoil this holiday. On my return I emailed the LRM and received a reply and personal telephone call from them which was to be commended, however, I have continued to read the reviews about the LRM and so many of them mention complimentary upgrades that I felt this should be noted on tripadvisor. Why do some guests warrant an complimentary upgrade and others not...we are all paying to stay there	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent service and helpful staff	We chose le royal meridien after finding an excellent lastminute deal and were impressed by the tripadvisor reviews. We went for our wedding anniversary and were treated to a complimentary upgrade to a Club room, landview. Although there were building works outside, there was no noise at any time. The hotel were very sweet and gave us a card and bottle of wine on the day of our anniversary. Sadly we had to avail of the medical team of the hotel and they were first class and made a difficult situation easier to deal with and were very caring and considerate. So much so that we were able to extend our check out till 11pm free of charge as our flight leaving Dubai was not until 1 am and we needed a place to stay.The manager was very sympathetic and helpful and indeed even after we had left correspondence with email was very efficient to ensure that we had all the information we needed for the travel insurance company. The concierge services were excellent and all the staff were so enthusiatic and cheerful. The food in the restaurants was of good quality with excellent service but very pricey- for example a lasagne for one person was £20. There are some good eateries within walking distance of the hotel but these tended to not be licensed. The afternoon tea in the Club lounge was lovely with fresh sandwiches and patisseries. The gym and health club were of a good standard too. We would not hesitate to recommend Le Royal Meridien in every way and we were very glad that we spent our holiday there.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent - again!	After our first visit in 1998 we returned to LRM for the 12th time in June this year.The hotel gives us the same 'buzz' today as it has done each time we have been before.On arrival we were upgraded to a Tower room, these are lovely rooms with the services of a personal butler. Each evening you are brought complimentary snacks/canapes with a choice of wine.Staying in the tower enables you to have breakfast in the 'Fusion' restaurant where the choice is extensive and excellent quality. The staff always remember the small details for example bringing the coffee and toast at the time you like it and remembering us from our previous visits.The pool areas are extremely well maintained and managed as are all the hotel grounds and beach. The pool staff look after you very well and provide cold towels and water sprays and iced 'shots' of juice - all very welcome in the heat!All the hotel amenities are excellent, eg. the spa, gym and hammam pools.We always dine in the hotel as the restaurants are all first class, we particularly enjoy 'Ossigeno' and 'Prime Rib'. Again the staff remember us each time and treat us like friends. It helps to make our stay 'special'.We also enjoy afternoon tea or a coffee at 'Al Murjan', again the girls are always friendly and pleased to see us. Each member of staff we come into contact with always has a smile and time to say a few words. Everyone is polite, friendly, courteous and attentive, nothing is too much trouble and they will go to great lengths to ensure you have everything you need.The hotel continues to 'deliver' every time we stay and there is always something new or improved upon from our last visit.In fact, there is nothing that we dislike.If you want quality and a touch of class with first rate service, staff and surroundings then we would definately recommend LRM. Do go - you won't be disappointed!	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent beach hotel	We arrived at the Royal Meridien to a warm welcome. This was our second visit and was certainly as enjoyable as our first two years ago.We had booked a Club room and were given the same room as before. An excellent bright, comfortable room with an outstanding view. The bathrooms in Club are adequate, however, an update would improve the luxury factor of this hotel.The staff were polite efficient and attentive at all times. Breakfast was a vast choice and always well presented. The pools, spa and gym are excellent facilities and make the difference from other hotels on Jumeriah beach. (It is lovely to cool down in the hamman after a day sunbathing plus you can do part of this with your partner as it is mixed, unusual in Dubai).The restaurants are very good (yes the wine is very expensive but is all over Dubai) and having the added bonus of eating at Grosvener House, with free shuttle bus, is a bonus. The addition of 'The Walk' since our last visit is a great addition and does give cheaper options of food if you need to be thrifty!My only negative observation of the hotel is the cleanliness of the beach. Not up to the standard of the rest of the hotel. LRM is my personal favorite hotel on Jumeriah Beach (we went on to stay at Arabian Court, One and Only after LRM but just not the same standard, and have stayed at 3 others) from now on when visiting Dubai will always be my first choice!Can't wait to come back!	
Jul 3 2009 	Absolutely perfect.	This place is amazing. The room that I had was enormous and luxurious. It was in the main part of the hotel and overlooked the hotel grounds and the beach. It had a gorgeous bathroom with a spa and French toiletries etc. The service simply cannot be faulted from arrival until you leave, you are well-looked after but not encroached upon. The hotel itself is stunning. THe grounds are beautiful and lead directly onto the beach...make sure you go and watch a sunset if you stay! The hotel shuttle goes to the Mall of the Emirates however I didn't use it as the first one left at 10am and I wanted to leave before then to go sightseeing. Room service was super-fast and super-tasty. The mini-bar etc IS expensive however so make sure you stock up on booze/snacks at the airport or at supermarket if that is your desire.	
Jul 1 2009 	Enjoy at Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort	I have stayed in the hotel between 24th and 28th June 2009.It is a good hotel. Guests are well attended since check-in. Room service and food excellent. The panoramic view from any balcony of the hotel towards the sea and beach and swimming pools are excellent. Staff of the hotel are cordial and helpful.There is a temptation to stay at the hotel next time one visits Dubai.Well done management. Try to improve further.Sujit PatraJet Privilege No. 116486145	
Jun 30 2009 	Unbelievable!	HiFirst one of these so here goes!Just returned from a 7 day visit to this hotel.I will start by not saying wether we got an upgrade because it seems that there are a few sceptics out there!Any way, service brilliant - all requests and more granted!The lads round the middle pool were brilliant - polite, pleasant and helpful - the cold towels and iced drinks were very welcome!Yes the drinks and food may have been a bit pricey but come on - 5 star hotel - what do you pay in the UK?We went HB and ate in the Brasserie - why go to the others when the food was spot in with the choice endless and quality well - prawns and lamb - yum yum!Shiv one of the waiters - he was a lovely lad again nothing no trouble always with a smile on his face.Breakfast - bril - the chef who did the omletes and poached eggs - master at work - when I changed my breakfast he even asked me if I had not liked the omlette the previous morning!Roy and Arnold the butlers could again not be faulted pleasent to the end.Big mention to Waseem - the front desk deputy manager - you are an angel and I will be in touch.My party did go to other hotels fo drinks but none compared to this one. It was a shame that this was so because the bar areas were great but there seemed to be little going on - my be time of year?David the bar manager was great - he will remember the Peroni gang!Finally a big thank-you to all the other staff whose name I can not remember - you have made our first visit so very special - we will be returning and I would recommend this hotel to anyone!Sorry for the long review - it was that good!Andrew	
Jun 30 2009 	Never mind upgrades we were downgraded	We've just returned from our 2nd visit to the Royal Meridien &amp; we'll never return. It's no longer 5*, there are many other hotels that offer a higher level of service &amp; experience who are also rated 5*. Like earlier comments I too would like to know how you get an upgrade. The hotel were aware that we had stayed before but in fact this did not matter at all to them &amp; they didn't even keep the room for us that we had originally booked and paid for.On check in at 1am we were told that our Club seaview room was unavailable &amp; that if we stayed in the room that we were being allocated we would be offered complimentary half board for our stay. Sounded ok &amp; we did take this however unless you eat in the Brasserie every day all other eating places are only allocated approx £15 pp &amp; this only covers a pasta or kebab without accompaniments or any other food. In fact if you look at the hotel website, we were given £30 per nt compensation however the hotel was in fact charging 700 dirhams per night extra for the room that we did not get. Pretty shrewd deal for them.There were lots of other people there who were being bumped &amp; staff were having to grovel due to the fact that their rooms were not available. Great that they are so busy but it does cheese people off whenthey've booked &amp; looked forward to their holiday so much. A couple we met who hadn't stayed before were immediately upgraded to a Tower Room due to an overbooking of the Club wing.What really irritated me was that we received a message on our 2nd last day asking us to contact guest services. What they wanted to know was what time we were leaving 2 days later as the hotel was so busy &amp; they needed to know when they could reallocate our room! We had just spent £3000 staying at this hotel &amp; this is how they finished off our stay!! When I complained they said they were so sorry &amp; then when they called to ask how everything had been during our visit on the last night I again mentioned our dissatisfaction. It would appear that the staff cannot handle anyone saying anything other than 'wonderful'. At no time did anyone address our criticism. Prices are also now horrific in this hotel. A bottle of Pinot Grigio wine is £70 &amp; a bottle of water £6! So with your free half board you are still well stung for drinks. I also agree with other comments re pool food being awful, in fact the cocktails at £10 a shot are so poor that I'm not sure they even have alcohol in them.We acutally found it cheaper to eat out in the restaurants in the Walk &amp; not use our 1/2 board allowance due to the additions &amp; costs of drinks. A good curry will set you back £26 for 2 when a 'free' with additional sides &amp; water or an £8 glass of wine will cost you at least £30 in the hotel.Thank goodness for the Club Lounge. There was a trainee drinks waiter called Noel who was such a gem &amp; really made our holiday. In fact all the staff are so courteous they are a sheer joy to deal with. We were also unfortunate enough to be there during the English May school holiday week &amp; I can assure you that there were many guests who were not 5*! There was a distinct difference in the clientele during the first week compared to the 2nd week. First week was similar to the clientele that frequents the Costas &amp; eats in British pubs - loud South East accents &amp; tattoos. Just not what you would expect in 5* Dubai however their money is as good as anyones! I just won't be spending mine in the same place next time. 2nd week was back to the norm of nice couples &amp; families who could control their kids.At the end of the trip we left having had a relaxing time but did I feel special, no and for me that's how I want to feel when I stay in somehwere with this kind of reputation. Dubai is seriously overpriced now (that's our 5th stay) &amp; we won't be back. There are too many other places in the world that offer a similar experience that's better value.	
Jun 29 2009 	Heaven on Earth  with staff to match	My fiance and I spent a week from the 17/06/09 at the hotel . We have been to Dubia before but this hotel excelled our expectations. All credit to Edoardo Giuntoli and his fine team consisting of Cynthia Soares . As we are looking to have our wedding in 2011 they were very gracious and helpful in allowing us to see the rooms and we also had a wedding planner to help us. We were fortunate to have a upgrade to a Tower room and on our first night a card and a bottle of champange was brought to our room congratulating me on my recent graduation ( the reason for the holiday )The rooms were outstanding and the service impeccable, the drinks were expensive so we ventured out once or twice.It was a holiday of a lifetime and hopefully I can persuade my parents that apart from the heat it really is heaven on earth.	
Jun 29 2009 	Loved it....but won't rush back until Dubai is finished!	Before I start, I have to say that we are not used to Hotel stays - we usually prefer villas / self-catering so when booking this 5* hotel, we weren't sure what to expect! This holiday was for our Silver Wedding Anniversary treat - so looked forward to luxury.From the moment we arrived, we were treated with excellent service. We couldn't check into our room until later in the day, but we were shown to a room where we could change and then escorted out for breakfast!Our room was OK - with a king sized bed. The bathroom was a little cramped (the door opened right onto the toilet pan) and we felt it was 'tired' and needed updating.The air conditioning unit was noisy during the night - and when mentioned to the Customer Service staff, they tried to rectify the 'faulty' unit and couldn't...so they moved us into a Suite! Wow! That was very very nice! A separate living / dining room, (had a 32&quot; flat screen T.V. in both living &amp; bedrooms), balcony, huge bedroom and large en-suite with corner bath and separate shower. Again though, we felt that the bathroom was tired and needed updating.We had individual boxes of chocolates (2 chocs) left on the bed,in a tiny box with a ribbon, a &quot;quote of the day&quot; and fresh fruit every day! The overall hotel was beautiful, shiny, clean, wonderful staff, fantastic pools, and lots of restaurants within the hotel. When we were there in May, the weather was at the top 30's - just about hot enough for us.....much later into the year and you would fry!Outside the hotel is spoilt at the moment as they are building 2 new hotels directly to the front....if you're booking a room - make sure it's a sea view!'The Walk' is just a few minutes from the hotel and is really worth the experience! There are many different restaurants (many unlicensed) many many posh and expensive cars that drive alongside, seem as if they're 'on display' - one Mercedes was entirely chrome!!!!The things we liked least.......The EXPENSE!!!! Blimey - It was expensive! At the time, a pint of beer was just under £10.00 and a bottle of beer about £6.00. The cheapest bottle of wine in the hotel was about £25.00....so if you're going there and looking forward to relaxing with a beer or two, bear in mind how much you are likely to spend on 'general' alchohol - just 1 bottle of wine a night could cost you £250.00 over 10 nights so beware!Dubai in general is very expensive - so be prepared!	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice Hotel but think Dubai is over rated	Upon arrival at the hotel reception we were instructed that we had been upgraded and we walked round to the tower reception. Once there we were offered cold water and a hand towel.We were taken to our room and given information on the hotel on our way, once we reached our room we were given a 10 min walk round and full room and hotel information. Really good but maybe a bit much at 2am!!! The room was really nice and we had a nice view of the sea and the JBR and the ‘Walk’.Because we were upgraded we could have breakfast in both ‘Fusion’ and the ‘Brassery’ both served the same food and we alternated between the two. There was a large choice on cold and cooked food, including pork sausages and bacon. When you arrive you are offered Tea or Coffee. There are a number of pools and they were great especially given the heat!!! I was concerned about the heat before I went and honestly I would never go at this time of year again and I consider myself a sun worshiper! Many people have commented on free water and towels by the pool. We did experience cold towels and small shots of slush drink, but no water or fans as others have mentioned. The food by the pool is very expensive and to be honest not that nice.We eat at prime rib which was great steak but again V expensive, but I did not mind as it was so good. We also Drank at bar bellow but only for one drink as it was empty but with a band playing far too loud. We also eat a Buda bar over a Grosvenor House. This again was lovely. We also drank at a bar on the 40th ish floor can’t remember its name but it played great Jazz!! I also eat a Nina’s at the one and only and I really enjoyed the food. We did and all you can eat a spice island which was ok and high tea at the Burj which we really enjoyed. This was our first visit to Dubai and I found the hotel to be nice and the area also. However I would like to say as a first timer I found Dubai to be very over rated and have had much better service and food In other countries and well as seen and experienced mush better hotels. I know many people are Dubai 3 times a year people….. But I think maybe it was just not our cup of tea……	
Jun 28 2009 	Well done to all staff! You work hard and it shows!	I was there with my husband my birthday was whilst we were there my husbands the day after we left we both recieved a birthday cake and wine which was a nice touch the hotel staff were excellent from start to finish i wish we were told about club or tower as we booked in we would have taken up one of these upgrades when we got to our room i was a little disapointed we were above the brassarie and could not really see the sea for trees the room was qiet not disturbed from below we were room 111 on first floor but did enjoy our stay	
Jun 28 2009 	Still great!	This was my 3rd time in this hotel, but first in the Club rooms. The beach, pool and public areas are great and you can read other reviews or look at the photos to see how good they are, but I want to tell people how good the club rooms are! I have stayed in a normal room and a tower room and thought the club room to represent amazing value for money. The rooms are the biggest in the hotel - bigger than the much vaunted tower rooms and with a more interesting layout, they also have 42inch plasmas (maybe the tower rooms have been upgraded since 2008). The great thing about the club room is the free food and drink. You get your own club buffet for breakfast which is as comprehensive as the main buffet in the main building. At 3pm you get afternoon tea, which involves a selection of sandwiches, cakes and scones together with tea/coffee and cold drinks. If you want to save a couple of pennies the club room soon recoups it's extra cost - have a big breakfast so you don't become hungry until 3pm and then go for a drink and lunch in the free club lounge. At 18:30 you get 2 hrs gratis in the club lounge to once again enjoy some hot and cold snacks and drinks. The snacks vary from night to night but include items such as mini pizzas, chicken nuggets, dips, crisps, mini quiches, breaded shrimps, so much so that on one night the offering was so good my friends and I helped ourselves with enough to count as dinner, and thereby saving £50 each that night. The drinks menu for the free ones is pretty comprehensive with all normal spirits, wines and beers , but with limited cocktails on offer - the bottom of the drinks menu ,in small print warns that if you order drinks not on this menu you will be charged normal rates, but before we read this we ordered a selection of non menu drinks including vodka and red bulls, pina coladas and a couple of other cocktails, but were not charged for them in any case. The most satisfying aspect of the free bar was the fact you had to sign a bill at the end of your 2hrs showing how much you would have spent if you had been charged ( I guess the hotel get tax back or something like this on these bills) - the only problem was trying to beat the previous nights bill on subsequent nights!!!!My group are not exactly hard up, and we are not adverse to spending money in Dubai, as you've got to be prepared to dig deep if you are going out on the town, but there is something inately satisfying with 'free drinks and food' and you really feel as if you are getting one over on the system. This together with the great room and usual high standards at the Royal Meridien make this hotel a must for anyone in Dubai and as for the upgrade to the club room ? - well, that is a no brainer - you can save more money than the upgrade costs, so enjoy the better room and views.	
Jun 26 2009 	Le Royal Meridian	Just back from 13 nights stay at Le Royal Meridian, My wife and I had an excellent time, pretty much agree with all the other comments. I would like to know what the hotel criteria is when being upgraded rooms?I read a lot of vistors were upgraded when they first booked into the hotel..but there was no mention when we signed in..Having said that our sea view room was amazing, clean, and spacious.Excellent service from pool side, main reception and room service.John Casey	
Jun 25 2009 	Outstanding - Le Royal Meridien	No surprises with this review, but some interest points to note. Wonderful Hotel that’s no up to much to look at from the outside but stunning once you enter. Everything in immaculate, clean and delivers on everything you expect from a 5 Star. We stayed in a Tower Room and loved it. Great bed, Bathroom, TV etc and a huge balcony with a view over to Atlantis and The Burj. Room service was outstanding. Great choice of restaurants but did find everything other than the brassiere very quite even though the Hotel was full. I can’t imagine everyone was that desperate to eat there? Wine is expensive in line with every top class hotel abroad, so expect it and deal with it. Would highly recommend a meal in Gary Rhodes Mezzanine in the sister Hotel GH follow by drinks at the world famous Buddha Bar . Stunning. The Bar Down below in Meridian is a funky place for an after dinner drink but they need to stop the live music. It’s just too loud and does not fit what is otherwise a cool place that place really relaxing music between live sets. Highly recommend the Dessert Safari when out in Dubai as the drivers fill you in on lots of local information and they are exceptional value for what you get. Yes, June is very, very hot. Too hot really as you can really sit outside to relax with a drink or food at the bar areas, but we did expect that – so no great shakes. All in all, would absolutely recommend Dubai and certainly this Hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Just Gets Better	I have just returned from my third visit to this Hotel. I am never disappointed. We had a a room on the 9th floor with a sea view. What makes this Hotel special is the attention to detail and the friendly staff. The frozen drinks offered during the day and the frozen towels, the fruit and drinks in the room. All at no extra charge. There was something for everyone in the Brasserie both for breakfast and dinner. The staff are always smiling and very attentive to your needs. Its a pity the Poolside Bar serving the cocktails between 5-7 could not stay open later into the evening. This hotel never fails to satisfy all your needs whether you are a family, solo traveller or young couple. It has something for everyone. Even when the Hotel is full you are not aware of this as it is never crowded. There is space for everyone whether it is on the beach, around the pool or on the lawned areas. Yes there is building work going on and the drinks are expensive but then again this is Dubai and you expect this. If you want first class service, food and an excellent Hotel then this Hotel has it all.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel - food and drink too expensive	I have travelled to Dubai on a number of occasions and have stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel and the Summer Houses at the Dar Al Masyaf. This holiday was a last minute decision and I used Trip Advisor for my selection.The Hotel was excellent in all aspects apart from the price of food and drink, both were very expensive. If you are only on bed and breakfast I would suggest using some of the restaurants along the beach walk just outside the hotel, all of the ones we used were good quality and reasonably priced. If you need to drink alcohol make sure you eat in one attached to an hotel - Wagamamas is such a restaurant.I have no complaints on any other aspect of the hotel, the staff, rooms and everything else are excellent, definitely as good as the Jumeriah Beach.I would recommend this Hotel to anybody either as a couple or as a family.	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent for Family and Young Small Babies	Me and my wife stayed at the Le Royal Meridian Beach Resort &amp; Spa for 5 nights with our 2 year old daughter and 5 month son just got back today, what can I say, I am speechless, we were upgrade to a suite, excellent service, 5 star treatment for us and our kids, we stayed in room 407 sea view suite, fresh fruit and wine provided for us each night, milk provided for the kids each day too, loved the LRM we are going back in February 2010. Breakfast was awesome about 90-100 Varity from English breakfast to Indian breakfast, the chiefs even remembered what we like to eat each morning, guest services, concierges, door guys, room service, reception, ect. was excellent, everybody smiled and really made you feel welcomed. I would differently recommend family or couples to stay at LRM, you will not be disappointed. Forgot to mention the guys in the main front door are great I think the name of one guy is Kamran. The entire staff are great here!! child friendly!!!Regards,Ripple Patel &amp; Family - London	
Jun 23 2009 	Loved it loved it!!!	We have recently returned from a fantastic trip to le royal meridien. On arrival, we were upgraded to a club room which allowed us to have afternoon tea and drinks before dinner. We were booked on half board basis and could eat dinner in the buffet any night and if we wanted to eat elsewhere in the hotel, we had a 90 dirham supplement (this will buy a main course). Would recommend the pizza restaurant and seabreeze. All in all, food was very good and a great selection at the buffet for dinner and breakfast.The grounds of the hotel are well looked after and we had no trouble finding a spot with a sunbed. Very hot whilst we were there!!!Hotel staff are so helpful - they help you in any way that they can We got the free shuttle bus to the emirates mall - bizarre to see River Island and Next!!!!Also got a taxi to see the Burj and visited palm to see the Atlantis - we took a normal taxi - cheap to get around in but at the Atlantis, they initially flagged us a 'hotel taxi' which we're sure would have been more expensive.Next to the hotel is 'the walk' which has plenty shops - zara home and boots to name a few.All in all we have a fantastic trip and we hope to return next year for our honeymoon....here's hoping!!!! Njoy!!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Luxury Luxury Luxury	What a wonderful hotel :) it was everything we hoped for amd more, at ALL times we never wanted for anything, our glasses were always filled and the service is like nothing we have ever experienced. This hotel is in a good location with the &quot;beach walk&quot; a five minute stroll away, this has numerous restaurants, shops and every holiday makers essentail a supermarket :). The &quot;walk&quot; has an abundance of restaurants however none of these are licenensed so no alchohol is served. Be aware that this hotel is very much a 5 ***** hotel so expect to pay 5***** prices on average £10 per cocktail and about £8 a pint. The restaurants are all lovely but a bit pricey we had a lovely thai meal in the fusion restaurant, which cost us £95 !! but it was lovely. My partner and I have just got engaged and I emailed the hotel and they arranged a beautiful cake which was a lovely gesture. There is a bit of construction work around the hotel, but its doesn't impact on the hotel it is bearly audible, and I think if you holiday in Dubai you are a bit naive to think that you wouldn't encounter any construction work. If I had one little gripe it would be the overall cost in the hotel I think they could offer barside food and drinks a little cheaper :( and whilst I hate to say anything negative, when we arrived at the hotel it was about 4:00 a.m in the morning and we had been travelling all day, the reception asked if we wanted to upgrade our room, bearing in mind we had paid a bit for the hotel already to upgrade to the suite I think it was 560 aed per person per night which is about £100 PP per night or a tower room was 260 aed PP PN which is about £50 PP PN, I found this a little crass as we had bearly set foot in the hotle and not even been afforded the opportunity to view our room to see if it was a viable option to upgrade. We took the option to stick with our room and it was lovely and more than adequate for our needs, so that was a bit of a dampner for us. Overall this is a lovely hotel with lovely staff and lovely gardens and pool areas. I would like to thank the hotel manager and his staff for the cake, thanks Miss J Williams and Mr K Newsham.	
Jun 21 2009 	Quality hotel but not that great for young babies/ children	We arrived at the Le Royal Meridien on the 5th June for a 10 night family holiday. We had already paid extra with the travel agent for the club sea view to make the most of the free drinks and afternoon snacks ( especially as we had heard that the prices are very expensive). On arrival we were offered the chance to upgrade to a tower room at the cost of £800, after saying that this was too expensive the gentlemen offered to reduce the cost to £500. We asked to see the tower room to see what extra we would be getting compared to the club room and although it was a lot larger with a seperate room which could be used to bed the 2 children, we decided due to cost to stick with the club room we had booked. I was made to feel that this was a fantastic offer and was silly to turn it down, but having read on trip adviser before booking that a lot of people get upgraded for free, it didnt feel at all a good deal. The last thing i wanted after a long flight with 2 children was to get into a bartering situation with the price of the potential upgrade. Overall the hotel is beautiful, great gardens, very clean throughout, wide variety of good food at breakfast, and in the brasserie where we had dinner since we were half board.The room guys were always very helpful, gave us plenty of bottles of water, chocolates and kept our room very clean and tidy.I would recommend this hotel to older couples without children. I only found 1 of the toilets had any form of baby changing facilies so very often had to change my 18 mth old on the toilet floor. There are ramps throughout the hotel for wheel chair users/ prams but these were so steep my husband was skidding down the ramps. With the club facilities you are allowed to have sandwiches, cakes and afternoon tea in the club suite but this is so NOT friendly for children. It has no highchairs, no toys for the children to play with, and is set up for older clients who want a very peaceful afternoon snack. It is impossible to keep a 4 year old and an 18 mth toddler out of trouble when the room is full of very neat sofas, cushions, glass tables and china tea sets e.t.c.You are not allowed to take children into this room after 6.30 pm when they provide free alcoholic drinks from 6.30 - 8.30 pm. We were very lucky since i emailed a manager called Edwardo before our arrival and he kindly let us have these drinks in the Sea Breeze bar downstairs. We met another couple with a 16 mth old who asked if they could do the same but were refused. They even asked if they could take drink from the club room back to their room but again this was refused, and they were told the only option was to get a baby sitter. The staff in the Sea Breeze were probably the nicest and friendleist of all, but even they said the management dont really want children in there as it puts off any guests of having meals there.The lady Melanie who worked in the club room, was always very miserable. My husband asked for some milk to go with his pot of tea and he was made to feel as if he was being a nuisance and then she banged the milk down without a word or any eye contact.For the previous 2 years we have always stayed at the Jumeriah Beach where in contrast the staff cant do enough to help parents with children. They provide the same 3-5 pm afternoon snacks and free alcholic drinks from 6.30- 8.30pm, but they have staff on hand to play with the children, while you have a drink and have a children area with tvs. computers games, books, toys e.t.c to keep them amused, and have no problem with children being there at any time in the evening.My husband felt that the staff werent very helpful with the buggy and very often would not hold the door open for him to follow through but just let it close.Often after dinner we would go to the Piano Bar for drinks. We asked reception if there was a lift and were told no so most nights my husband was a carrying a double buggy up a flight of stairs. The staff in the Penguin club were very cheerful and my son enjoyed his time there, although the hotel could do with some signs to point you in the direction of the club as it is so well hidden, you would never see it without looking for it.Overall we did enjoy our stay and would recommend it to couples without young children, its just that the hotel is not set up to cater for very young children.Previously when we stayed at the JBH the kiddies pool has loads of toys which the kids can use but here there isn't anything. I spent £40 on a bucket and spade set, a set of 4 diving rings and 4 soft animals squirters from the Beach shop which i could probably have got from tescos before hand for a £10, to keep my children amused by the pool. So if you have young children please take some beach/ pool toys with you.	
Jun 21 2009 	IMPRESSIVE HOTEL	We stayed ere for the 1st time at this hotel but this was our third visit to dubai for two nights on half board in a sea view room with club. On the way back from Thailand we arrived early just after 5am Don;t always expect to get your room early Hotel now very busy. As ours was not ready by 12.30 so we took the hotel bus into town on our return room was ready but we had a technical problem which management sorted out very quickly.Hotel and grounds are very grand we understand why so many people come back to this hotel the staff are very friendly better than the two other Dubai hotel we have used before great location fantastic staff .prim rib restaurant was HEAVEN. we would like to thank Ephraim, Peter,Noon,Wessaim, Jagdish,Juby, Antiono, Noal, for looking after us so well hope to see you again in the future.	
Jun 20 2009 	PURE HEAVEN	we have just spent 12 nights at lrm in dubai .from the time we arrived till the time we left everybody was just perfect.upon arriving we where upgraded from deluxe sea view rooms to the tower rooms. we had a butler 24hrs a day free bottle of wine every day fresh friut every day cakes and tea and coffee. we were on the 13th floor and the view was stunning i would highly recommend this hotel to any one.	
Jun 19 2009 	FIrst Class!	We stayed here to celebrate my wifes birthday. We were given early check-in (8am) and upgraded to a 12th floor tower room! The room was spacious and luxurious with a big balcony overlooking the resort and sea. We were also given the option of having breakfast at the main bulding or exclusively at the Fusion restaurant or even in-room service, all complimentary.The Hotel and service is first class and as good as any hotel we have stayed at. The breakfast at Fusion was dissapointing though so we opted for room service which was strictly ok (except for the day of my wifes birthday when they sent a cake - excellent!)The Walk (shops and restuarants outside the hotel) is a great alternative for shopping and dining away from the malls. The restuarants are good value with Bombay By The Bay (Indian) being superb (best we have EVER had!)Special thanks to Eduardo for making the arrangments that made our stay so special!	
Jun 19 2009 	The best was saved until last	On returning from our holiday in Mauritius we stayed at the LRM for 3 days. We arrived at about 7 in the morning and were automatically upgraded to a Tower room. I have only good things to say about our stay - from the comfort of the beds to the friendly staff. Our stay was made extremmely enjoyable. I will definately be going back to this hotel, for longer next time. So if anyone is worried about this hotel don't be it is excellent with a capital E. Mauritus hotel was supposed tobe 5* but compared to this it was only a 3*.Once again an excellent hotel.	
Jun 19 2009 	Lovely atmosphere outstanding staff	Stayed for 12 days May/June – it was the fourth time I’ve stayed at LRM in the last 19 months. On our visits to Dubai we’ve visited many of the other hotels in the area to check them out for our next stay but so far our preference is always LRM. The hotel has a lovely atmosphere and the staff are outstanding.Upon arrival there had been a mix-up with our booking; although I am sure it was down to our travel agent and not the hotel (we were booked in from 24th May but arrived early hours of the morning so should have been booked in from 23rd) The night manager and his staff were extremely helpful and found us a room even though the hotel was full and it was not their fault.The gym is the best equipped hotel gym I’ve ever used; a definite must if staying ‘Club’ so that you can work off some of the many calories you will consume at afternoon tea!If I could find anything negative to say it is that whenever I read the reviews on Tripadvisor I feel a little peeved at the many people who talk about the ‘free upgrade to a tower suite’ etc that they got; I have stayed in Seaview, Club and Tower but wholly at my own expense. Oh well … perhaps next time!	
Jun 18 2009 	dated hotel with excellent service and great beach!	We arrived at close to midnight and were greeted by pleasant check-in staff, however, our room (sea view) was not available and we were offered an alternative - a family room with a view of the building site that is Dubai Marina. The room was much larger and we were also upgraded to half-board, after a small error in communications made by the check-in staff. I was pleased to find a free wifi voucher for my laptop.The breakfast buffet gives you not only a wide selection of international foods but also provides the option of sitting inside or outside. The dinner buffet, again, provides a very wide selection of global cuisine but it is not what we expected of a five-star hotel. This is our fifth visit to Dubai and we have been fortunate enough to stay in five-star hotels on each occasion but the food in other hotels is of a higher standard.The hotel facilities are geared toward families more than couples - the gym is excellent and the outdoor pools are also of a good standard. Please note that the beach is great - private for only hotel residents and you can choose to relax and tan or even ride the local camels! Note that a large bottle of mineral water is five pounds and in the Dubai daytime heat reaching the mid-forties you may need to top up on the water levels!The hotel nightclub - Bar Below - is not very good. Although you have live music the place is not very popular with locals and hence no real vibe or atmosphere. Better to grab the complimentary shuttle to the sister hotel - Grosvenor House - where the Buddha Bar is considered one of Dubai's hottest spots. One benefit of the hotel location is that you are only a few minutes walk away from the Marina Walk - a beach front retail/leisure development with a good choice of shops and restaurants.In all, we would recommend this hotel for families - this is not really the kind of hotel for couples. As we have stayed at other five star hotels in Dubai we would say this is at the lower rank of a top-end five star hotel. One special mention to the night manager - Jawad - a very helpful and courteous member of staff.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel and great location!!!	This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The service is excellent, staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Facilities are superb. There are tennis courts, squash courts, a gym and spa. All are extremely well kept. Towels and water (complimentary) are abundant. For those who want to take it easy by the pool or beach, the surroundings are beautiful. The hotel is in a great location, with restaurants and shops within walking distance. It also has two bars and there is a shuttle service to it's sister hotel, which hosts the Budda Bar (very popular bar). Food and drink in the hotel was quite expensive but worth it for the overall experience.	
Jun 17 2009 	Best holiday ever	I arrived back in the UK 2 hours ago and I just wanted to express how much I enjoyed my stay at the hotel. This hotel ticks all the boxes; the staff are fantastic they cannot do enough for you, the hotel is extremely clean throughout, spacious rooms (I stayed in a Club room) and great food. Overall the attention to detail is superb. The only downside is that I wished I could have stayed longer.	
Jun 17 2009 	Exceeded Our Expectations - Hence Going Back	My husband and I stayed at the LRM Beach Resort and Spa last August 2008 with our 2 year old son. We flew out on Emirates arriving into Dubai early hours of the morning, On Arrival we were immediately welcomed and taken over to the Royal Tower and given fresh juice and ice cold face towels… whilst we waited to be check in. To our surprise we were very kindly upgraded to a CLUB Suite. Once we arrived into our suite, we found a cot ready for our son and some fresh fruit – later in the evening was a bottle of Champers………Our overall stay was for 7nights, I can only say the staff and the level of service they provided exceeded our overall expectations on a daily basis. Travelling with a 2year isn’t easy, but our stay there was made extremely relaxing, during our breakfast they would try and entertain our son so that we could enjoy our breakfast – to the extent they would even welcome him by his name.Without a question of doubt the food and drink at breakfast was extremely fresh, as was the food in the evening – the evening entertainment was enjoyable and once again our son was made to feel very welcome, I agree there is food cheaper outside of the hotel but as we were HB we only tended to have small snacks for lunch….During our previous visit to this we stayed at the 5* Hilton 2007 which is a little further out, but without a doubt this hotel was far bigger and the facilities, staff and service far better, this most certainly exceeds the ratings of any 5* star hotel. They have 2 normal pools and a kiddies pool (which is where I spent most of the time), but they also run a kiddies club was limited to a certain age group – unfortunately our son was too young to join in on the fun. The WALK, was still in the process of being finished off last year but we now understand this is finished and we all look forward to seeing what it offers.We are going back to Le Royal Meridian Beach Resort and Spa in less than 5 weeks (July 2009), I can only say WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO IT. As we know we will not be disappointed…. Hopefully this time our son will be able in join in on the fun at the kiddies club.I hope this review helps – as I can only say .....you will not be disappointed.......	
Jun 16 2009 	HEAVEN	Travelled with my Sister &amp; her Husband so there was 4 of us !!!!! hotel was recommend by a friend who stayed here 4 years ago and said I must book the LRM our stay was wonderful &amp; relaxing , it was my sisters belated 50th and our 20th Anniversary we was upgraded to tower suite which was great ,although we were on different floors did not matter at all my sisters view was wonderful mine was not too bad !!! . hotel is fab just as my friend said it was going to be the hotel staff were so helpful, and friendly our room boy was brilliant (vijay) could not do enough for us. i highly recomment this hotel to all my friend and family and will be returning very soon with my children. i give this hotel 10/10 cannot not fault a thing even the building work did not affect us at all. just one thing i like to mention we were told we would get a free bottle of wine every day which we did not ,but was not a problem as everything else made up for it. our stay was 7/6/09 to 14/6/09 (mr &amp; mrs Ghirrdra) shall be back	
Jun 13 2009	LIVED UP TO OUR EXPECTATIONS GORGEOUS GEM IN DUBAI	I'm going to keep this brief as you can sum this place up in few words. Arrived off of a morning flight, me and my husband got to the hotel and was plaeasantly surprised to learn that we were being upgraded to the royal tower (CLUB). We also were promised a bottle of wine of our choice everyday of our stay! Considering the price of wine in dubai that was a very nice gesture! (I think we were given this up-grade as we were celebrating our anniversary).What makes this place special is the genuine kindness of all the staff - no fake smiles etc. We arived late one morning for breakfast at th fusion restaurant (CLUB) We were sent our breakfast via room service - a feast fit for a king to say the least!Stayed at the Habtoor Grande last year and the two hotels are 5 star but worlds apart in respect of service, clientel, quality etc! The Walk which is a new strip with lots of shops, coffee bars, restaurants (great fish and chips shop with a menu to die for). This place &quot;The Walk&quot; is something else at night, you'll see some of the rarest most expensive cars in the world along this strip - real wow factor! Dubai itself has got more expensive due to weak pound against the dollar etc and the hotel food prices are a little expensive but their is a good choice of good restaurants outside which are good value for money, I absolutely loved it.We will be booking to stay here from now on as I'm sure we won't be ever disappointed with this place, like some of the so called 5 star hotels on Jumeira Beach.	
Jun 12 2009 	Nothing was too much trouble	Whenever we go on holiday I always make a point of checking hotel reviews to help us choose the ideal place to stay, this however is the first time I have felt compelled to write a review myself.We arrived at Dubai airport at Midnight and got a cab to Le Royal Meridien hotel, as we approached the hotel we noticed there was some building work being carried out accross the road which worried me slightly as I thought there may be some noise created. We walked into reception and a member of staff immediately took us to a sofa and brought us some orange juice while they checked us in.We were taken to our room on the ninth floor in the main building - the room was spacious, immaculately clean and very comfortable with a balcony overlooking the pools, gardens and the sea. The next morning we woke up after a great sleep and we went down to the Brasserie for breakfast where the service was superb and the staff very friendly.Down at the pool It was fairly quiet, helped by the fact that there are three pools to choose from and to my surprise we didn't hear a thing from the building work all week. The service at the pool was excellent and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.The food in the Brasserie in the evening was great but we did go to two of the other restaurants while we were there, the Italian was fairly expensive but superb quality and Maya the mexican restaurant was easy going and relaxed - probably helped by the fantastic Margharita cocktals before dinner!In short this hotel does not necessarily have the wow factor of some of the bigger hotels on Jumeirah Beach but the service, food, cleanliness and comfort are more than enough to invite me back again and I would certainly recommend it to anyone.Excellent - Keep up the good work!	
Jun 12 2009 	Faultless (again!)	My husband and I have recently returned from our 4th visit to this hotel in 5 years after getting married there in 2004. On this occassion we stayed for 10 nights. After a night flight we arrived at the hotel at 9am to find our room was ready despite not expecting it until 2pm and we also found that we had been upgraded to a Tower room. What a start!!On entering our 14th floor room we discovered the most spectacular view of the Palm, Atlantis and the Burj Al Arab. The room was spacious with a fantastic seperate toilet and shower room beautifully decorated with additional Hermes products. There was also a fantastic 42&quot; Plasma TV whichmy husband found fantastic.Despite being in the Tower we were very generously afforded access to the Club lounge and the facilities that go with it.The staff within the club lounge were all fantastic and our special thanks go to the manager of the lounge, whose name unfortunately eludes me, Melanie and Wilma. who all provided an unparalleled level of service throughout.I have read many comments about the prices in and around the hotel and whilst they are quite high as far as Le Royal Meridien goes you pay for what you get. The best!!The whole resort complex was in pristine condition, from the main reception and concierge desks right down to the landscaped gardens and swimming pool areas and, every time a member of staff passed us by, we were greeted with a smile which was accompanied with a polite &quot;hello.It was down to the entire hotel staffs' unequivocal attention to detail and their consistently high level of customer service, at all times, together with the exemplary manner in which every single person conducted themselves during our stay that contributed enormously to making this an unforgettable holiday experience for us both.Once again, a big &quot;thank you&quot; to all concerned at Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort &amp; Spa for making this holiday such a memorable one for my husband and I and we are already making plans to return this August and to preparing for my husband's 40th birthday next year where my family and I will definately be returning to celebrate and enjoy the special hospitality that sets this hotel apart from any other that we have visited on our travels over the years.We look forward to seing all the staff and many friends we have made within the hotel soon.Can I also take the opportunity to thank Ailish O'Rourke, the training manager within the Grosvenor House, for oragnising our trip. Her help once again is greatly appreciated and she is a credit to the organisation.	
Jun 11 2009 	fantastic hotel	we returned on tues from our 8 days in dubai,this was our first time in dubai,we stayed at the le royal meridien,a truly 5 star hotel the service was faultless,the room was lovely huge comfy bed with big comfy pillows, desk 2 chairs,coffe table,built in wardrobe lovely bathroom loved the hermes toiletries,excellent turn down service every night,breakfast was delicious with loads to choose from,the staff were friendly and bent over backwards to please you,this is what makes this hotel shine,the staff,the only thing we dident like was the cost of snacks and drinks at the pool bars which was expensive if the hotel were to half the cost they would do a roaring trade and still make profit,and then they would have the perfect hotel,the club facilities are good as are the free snacks and drinks the staff are very friendly the nearby walk is good for alternative dining out at night would recommend the india palace great indian food i would give the hotel 9/10 only let down by the cost of food and drinks.	
Jun 11 2009 	Best Hotel in Dubai Highly Recommend	Have just returned home from this amazing Hotel, we loved everything about our stay here, from the lovely staff who have to be the most pleasant and friendly people. We were on a Half Board basis and the food in the Brasserie was great, every night there was something different, even the fussiest of eaters would have no problem finding something to eat here. The selection of dishes was incredible, tasty and always warm. Breakfast was vast and also plentiful with eggs being cooked as required from a lovely young chap who always had a smile on his face no matter how busy. We had a land view deluxe room which was large and spotlessy clean. We knew beforehand about the ongoing construction work opposite but have to say we didn't really hear any noise from this, although you couldn't sit out on the balcony. This was not a problem as we spent most of our time around one of the pools where there was plenty of loungers and shades. In the evening we would take a short stroll to the area called The Walk which is about 5 minutes from the Hotel there are loads of shops and restaurants which are quite reasonably priced. We also took the shuttle bus across to the sister Hotel the Grosvenor House and went to Bar 44 which has amazing views. Taxi's to the Mall of Emirates or the Dubai Mall were very reasonable and Thursday, Friday and Saturday are good days to go as they are open till midnight on these days. We celebrated our Silver wedding anniversary while we were here and received a beautiful bouquet of flowers, bottle of champagne and strawberries dipped in chocolate. (What a lovely treat) We hope to return to this Hotel in the future and would not hesitate in recommending it to all our friends. Thanks once again to all the Management and Staff who made our stay so pleasant.	
Jun 10 2009 	Even better than last remembered	My wife and I have just spent 10 days at Le Royal Meridien having previously visited the hotel in 2001. At that time there was just the sea on one side of the hotel and desert on the other. Obviously Dubai has changed a great deal since then and the ongoing construction work was the main reason for us not visiting the hotel in the interim period. However, having read continual good reports on Trip Advisor about Le Royal Meridien, and the small disruption to guests with the ongoing constructions around the hotel, we decided it was time to make a revisit. On arrival we were made most welcome, a feature of the hotel that was constantly re-enforced throughout our stay. We had read reports of numerous people receiving upgrades on their arrival but were still very pleasantly surprised when it happened to us. This meant we would have a room in the Club Tower with complimentary afternoon tea and complimentary evening drinks for 2 hours in the Club Lounge. Our room was one with partial sea view, instead of the full sea view we had booked, but this was more than compensated for by the other &quot;extras&quot; we received. In fact 2 days into our holiday we complained about noise disturbance from the adjacent hotel and we were moved almost immediately to an even better room.The standard and service from all the staff was exemplary. We have been to Dubai on 9 occasions and travelled to many hotels around the world but none could match the friendliness, attentiveness, courtesy or professionalism of the staff and management of this hotel. All the bedrooms, restaurants, public areas and grounds were immaculately kept, and the Spa area was something very special.If there was anything to grouse about it would have to be the cost of all the drinks, whether they be alcoholic or non-alcoholic. The hotel I feel needs to find a better balance with what it charges. Likewise to dine out in the evening could prove to be very expensive if not on half board. The Brasserie is the main restaurant in the hotel and serves an exceptional buffet. The allowance (if on half board) to visit the other restaurants really doesn't cover more than a starter. There are many fine restaurants within the hotel but a 3 course evening meal could be quite costly.We visited the hotel at one of the busiest times of the year but still found there was plenty of room for everyone. The grounds had been extended since our previous visit and offered extensive sunbathing areas both adjacent to the 3 pools as well as on shaded lawns. Never at any time did it feel overcrowded. There were numerous sports activities one could participate in but with temperatures daily over 38 degrees whilst we were there these were understandably under-used.Our impressions overall were of a hotel that had improved to a real 5 star standard. To have many of the staff remember our names throughout our stay provided a personal contact that is nowadays rarely experienced. So special thanks to Mr. Noor in Reception, Melanie in the Club Lounge, Henri in The Brasserie, and Shikha Arora, the Guest Relations Manager, for making our holiday one to remember. If you are thinking about visiting this hotel we would highly recommend it. When we next return to Dubai Le Royal Meridien will definitely be our first choice.	
Jun 10 2009 	Superb Hotel superb service	This was our first trip to Dubai but certainly wont be our last! My husband took me to celebrate my 40th birthday and it was spent in style. When we arrived we were immediately upgraded to a tower suite which was perfect and on my birthday itself a beautiful cake and champagne were delivered to the room with a card from the hotel wishing me a 'happy birthday', that evening we had a wonderful meal in their 'Prime Rib' restaurant where the service, attention and food were superb. There are so many positive things to say about Le Royal Meridian, we had a truly 5 star experience and the service was second to none. We left our children at home this time but I would have no hesitation in taking them next time, in fact after hearing us raving about this holiday they just cant wait to visit!	
Jun 9 2009 	Top Notch with Amazing Staff 	We stayed 11 nights at Le Royal Meridien at the end of May and although we booked a Club Seaview Room we were upgraded to a Tower Room, which had amazing views over the pool areas, the sea and the Burj. Our butler was a great guy and served us well. It was a freak week temperature wise and it reached 48 degrees, which I have to say we found rather unpleasant. Needless to say, the butler made sure that we were never out of complimentary water. He always left 2 extra bottles to the amount we had consumed the previous day to the point that we laughed when returning to the room one day and counted 15 bottles of water around the room. However, It was so hot we drank 13 of them. We thoroughly enjoyed the free drinks and canapes in the Club Lounge from 6.30 to 8.30 pm and the staff were very friendly. Our favourite restaurant was 'Fusion' and we couldn't resist dining their twice. We also dined at Indego in their sister hotel, The Grosvenor, which although was expensive was very good. We didn't try all the restaurants but other guests did'nt hesitate to recommend them. We did eat out of the hotel on a number of occasions and found all the food to be excellent. However, I did experience a tummy bug, which was DEFINITELY nothing to do with staying at Le Royal Meridien. It could have been the extreme temperature or something I had taken with me from the UK. For anyone who worries about being ill abroad, read on. I asked my husband to visit the Le Royal Meridien pharmacy to purchase a pack of dehydration sachets, here's what happened. He returned to our room to inform me that the doctor had insisted on seeing me. Within 5 minutes the doctor arrived to examine me and take my temperature, blood pressure, oxygen levels, etc. He prescribed medication, went back to the pharmacy, ordered the medication from outside the hotel, and returned to our room 30 minutes later with three lots of medication. After taking the medication I was back on my feet within 12 hours and within 24 hours I was eating again and enjoying the superb facilities of Le Royal Meridien. We have travelled all over the world but such a service from a hotel pharmacy is beyond expectation. What surprised me even more was that the only charge for this service was the price of the medication, which for 3 lots came to £16. The grounds are extremely spacious and there were hundreds of sunbeds to choose from although due to the temperatures most people opted for the grassed areas as it was too hot to walk on the paved areas. To cool off we visited the indoor Hamman (not sure of the spelling) pool, which was so relaxing and I would definitely recommend visiting at least once. It was our pleasure to stay at Le Royal Meridien and a special 'Thank you' goes to all the Management and staff, who go the extra mile to ensure that each and every client has an enjoyable stay. What makes Le Royal Meridien different to other 5 star hotels in Dubai is that many of them have a definite business like feel to them whereas as Le Royal Meridien is a more relaxed, friendly environment but with all the expectations of a 5 star hotel. Would we return to Dubai? Definitely but at a cooler time, it was way too hot for us. Would we return to Le Royal Meridien? Absolutely!	
Jun 8 2009 	AN EXPERIENCE TO BE HAD BY ALL!!!	Just returned back from a 6 night stay at the Le Royal Meridien in Dubai and we could not fault anything at all.From the moment we arrived at the hotel we experienced nothing but 5 star treatment. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Tower suite which had amazing views of the Burj Al Arab, the pool, beach and the Atlantis. Like other reviews regarding the staff, we would have to agree they were the most friendly and helpful people we have ever met. We could not fault any of them.The restaurants and bars are expensive but you have to expect this from a 5 star hotel like this, saying this the food is amazing.There are several restaurants on the nearby Jumeirah Walk Resisdence which are upto half the price of the hotel. The Buddha Bar at the Grosvenor Hotel is also exceptional but pricey.We could go on and on about this hotel and would have no hesitation in returning.	
Jun 5 2009 	Amazing Hotel and Staff - the best holiday ever	My husband and two boys have just returned after 4 nights at this fantastic hotel. This is the 5th time I have stayed at this hotel and it gets better and better. Edoardo and his team really looked after us superbly well. Nothing is too much trouble. Rajiv Bali - Chef de Cuisine cooked us some excellent meals in the seafood restaurant. Some of the best we have ever eaten. The children actually chose the fish they wanted to eat and by the end of the break they were trying lots of new things at dinner to the Rajiv lovely cooking. The hotel also has a full size football pitch which my boys aged 12 and 10 really enjoy and keeps them active as they play with other guests. This hotel is very peaceful and you really feel you have a break if you work non stop like my husband and I. The staff are all just wonderful people who I would actually chose as my friends. I cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Jun 5 2009 	FantasticBrillant would go again	The best hotel ive been to,we have been to dubia before and stayed at another 5 star hotel but for me this was brillant.We arrived late at nite but the staff couldnt do enough we got an up-grade and the butler even gave as a tour of the room.we were here for my 40th and i wouldnt of picked anywhere else.The food was great the service fantastic so were the pools. i couldnt fault it in any way hope to go back agian soon.	
Jun 3 2009 	Lovely grounds brilliant service	The service at this hotel is fab, staff are so friendly and they will help you out with anything, it was our first time in Dubai and they recommeded us places to go and arranged taxis for us.We were upgraded to a club room which was brilliant as we got complimentry afternoon tea and free drinks between 6.30pm-8.30pm in the Club lounge. Our room was very nice, lovely comfy bed and loved the complimentry Hermes products!We ate in the Brasserie all week as we were on half board (which I would recommend to book before you go- food and drink is expensive) which had an amazing choice of food, all presented beautifully. The last night we ate in Prime Rib- steak restaurant which was brilliant. Food was gorgeous and again the service was excellent.Location was good, right on the beach, we could see the Atlantis and the Burj from our balcony, could have been a bit closer to the main city, took about 20 minutes to get into the centre of Dubai. We were next to the Habtoor Grand hotel, and to the left was the Hilton and Sheraton, the Royal Meridien definatly looked nicer than any of these!Best thing about this hotel is the staff, so friendly and helpful. Another thing is the food. Amazing choice, and always piping hot.LOVED IT!!! :-)	
Jun 2 2009 	Heaven on earth	Have just spent the most fantastic 6 nights at this hotel. On arrival we were upgraded to a club room. Although it was land view we didn't have any disruption from the surrounding building work. The room was gorgeous,massive bed, pillows, tv, butler service. fruit and water every day plus exclusive use of the club lounge.Slippers and robes were provided as well.The restaurants were exquisite,bit pricey, but worth a visit. The Prime Rib steak house served the tastiest T-bone &amp; fillet we have ever had. The drinks were also expensive,a can of coke at the pool £4.00, a 2 ltr bottle of water £6.00.( go to the carrefour and buy 20 cans cheap and take them to the pool with you). You get loads of bottles of water in your room so we took them down to the pool each day and asked for an ice bucket which they gladly provided and refilled when asked. We stayed half board so ate in the Brasserie which had an extensive choice of different cuisine. Can't fault it at all.English cream tea was served in the club lounge in the afternoon. My hubby gorged his way through the homemade scones, jam and cream. In the evening we had 2 Hrs of free drinks in the lounge. Cocktails if you wanted them.The staff were always helpful, courteous and some of the nicest hotel staff we have ever met. We were treated like royalty from the moment we arrived to when we left. The only thing we disliked were the parents who coudn't be bothered to watch their children in the pools. The life guards spent loads of time telling them to sort them out but ended up getting reported for their troubles.Its such a shame as the guards really take the job seriously and its the parents who are at fault!!If possible take a taxi ride to the Atlantis. The view as you approach,especially at night is amazing. Once inside it is like being in another world. The aquarium is something special.We met a couple at our hotel who stayed for one night there but preferrred the Royal Meridien. The gold souk is every womans dream as are the shopping malls. Its a must to see the ski slope in the Mall of Emirates. Shopping there is pricey but worth a look.All I can say is after having a lousy holiday in a supposedly 5 star hotel in Egypt I'm gald we paid that little bit extra to go to a proper 5 star resort and hotel.And it was only abit extra.Already looking at prices for later in this year so take it from me, give it a go you'll love it!!!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Superb Holiday	My wife and I have recently returned from our second visit to Dubai and our second time at this wonderful hotel where we stayed for 10 nights. I am not normally one for taking the time to write any kind of &quot;review&quot; or &quot;thank you&quot; after any holiday that we have been on – and there have been quite a few over the years – but the fact is we have both had such a superb time - once again - at Le Royal Meridien Hotel and I feel that it is only right that I should!  During this period we celebrated my wife's 40th birthday and, upon arrival, we learned that we were going to be upgraded to a Club Room which also included access to the Club Lounge. We really could not have asked for a better start to our holiday! On my wife's “big day” we returned to our room to find a sparkling bottle of wine and a beautifully decorated birthday cake to help us mark this special occasion which was, indeed, a most generous gesture. From the time we arrived to the time we departed (which came far too soon) I can honestly say that we enjoyed an unparalleled level of service throughout, particularly from Rhanjan, Melanie and their colleagues in the Club Lounge. We also dined in some of the many restaurants within the hotel - Maya, Prime Rib, the Pizzeria and our favourite - Fusion! Each and every meal that we had was cooked to perfection and beautifully presented whilst the service from staff remained absolutely first class. The whole resort complex was in pristine condition, from the main reception and concierge desks right down to the landscaped gardens and swimming pool areas and, every time a member of staff passed us by, we were greeted with a smile which was accompanied with a polite &quot;hello. It was down to the entire hotel staffs' unequivocal attention to detail and their consistently high level of customer service, at all times, together with the exemplary manner in which every single person conducted themselves during our stay that contributed enormously to making this an unforgettable holiday experience for us both. Once again, a big &quot;thank you&quot; to all concerned at Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort &amp; Spa for making this holiday such a memorable one for my wife and I and we look forward to coming back, once again, to relax and enjoy the special hospitality that sets this hotel apart from any other that we have visited on our travels over the years.	
Jun 2 2009 	The BEST holidays of my life..and now getting ready for our next visit in a 2 weeks time!!	Over the last 2 years, we have stayed many times at the fantastic Le Royal Meridien Beach resort and spa and have thoroughly enjoyed each visit.From the moment we arrive we are treated so well and on our returning holidays, we are recognized by the staff who are extremely welcoming and friendly.We cannot fault anything about the Staff, Hotel and its facilities and we would especially like to thank Almer - A Lifeguard and Paul - Bar and pool staff who are always so helpful, kind and friendly.We would 100% Recommend this hotel to anyone - Couples, Families with teenagers and children. (They cater very well for children).We are very much looking forward to our next stay in 2 weeks time. And we are looking forward to seeing all the staff again, using the hotels facilities and cannot wait for, what I know will be, another FANTASTIC holiday at Le Royal Meridien !! With many thanks LRM!The Walder Family	
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel and staff.	Just returned from a week in this hotel and have nothing negative to say. Its a wonderful hotel with fabulous restaurants, fabulous facilities,excellent air con which was needed badly and to cap it off the best and most friendly staff you could wish for. Definitely will be returning. Also went to the sister hotel ( the grosvenor) with free transport and ate in the excellent indian restaurant &quot;Indego&quot; which was superb. The arabian restaurant in the gardens of Royal Meridien was really good ( the lebanese mixed grill was to die for) as was the &quot;Prime rib&quot;. Altogether a fantastic place to stay. 5 stars from me with 6 stars for the staff.	
Jun 2 2009 	great time	just got back from holiday for my birthday. first went to hotel for honeymoon 5 years ago. the hotel is still top draw. had a great room well furnished and staff superb. arrived early morning but room was ready a high point after overnight flight. cant wait till return trip. thanks once again to staff and management of the hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Fabulous stay at the best hotel I have EVER stayed at!!!	We arrived in the early hours of the morning and the was kindly greeted by the staff by opening the car door and escorting us into the reception area. There was a beautiful scent in the lobby area. The head of our party went to check us in whilst the others sat in the waiting/seating area and were offered freshly squezzed orange juice. We had booked 2 Deluxe sea view room, but there was a problem and we were told it would be resolved the next day. So for a few hours we were put in a suite, it was fabulous. The next day we were moved to the sea view room. After all the hiccups the hotel offered us to stay in the suite but there was only one free meaning the other half of the party were in a deluxe room. Instead the hotel offered a free lunch at the pool bar. In the rooms there was a 42&quot; TV, bathrobes, slippers, posh toiletries, and a spectacular view over The Gulf. We stopped on a half board basis and for breakfast there was the widest range of food and drink I had ever seen, from camel's milk to curry, to full english to continental. The dinner's in The Brasserie were lovely with a HUGE range of food. There were a wide range of bars to go into whch were great too. There are 3 pools which are all great and also golf like buggies that take you back and forth to the beach. There are lifeguards on duty at the pools and the sea and they are so friendly. Complimentary pool/beach towels to use which was great. Every day you would get a small box of chocolates in the rooms along with an ice bucket, local newspaper (in English) and the weather forecast for the next day. All of the staff are really helpful and the concierge and the manager Chris was really heloful with one of our requests.Would really recommend this hotel to all ages and thanks to the Le Royal Meridien staff for a wonderful and pleasant stay and hoping to see you in the near future.We'ld recommend Lama desert tours for a great aftertoon and evening in the desert inlcuding a jeep safari, camel rides, quad biking, local dresses, Sheesha, belly dacing and a barbecue!	
Jun 1 2009 	Superb high quality excellenet staff	Probably going to repeat what most say about this hotel, but feel the need to write a review as a thankyou to all at LRM hotel. Wish I could have thanked the manager personally for all the staff at the hotel making an ordinary couple feel really special during our 6 night stay from May 21st.From the moment we arrived at the door the staff were there to greet, and make us welcome. After checking in with ease, were taken to breakfast, yes taken not just pointed in the right direction. After about 1 hour, we were called as our room was ready, and to our surprise we were upgraded to a Tower Suite, which was over looking the Palm Island, Atlantis and the Burj, stunning, as we were on the 12th floor.The hotel was immaculate, constantly cleaned, even to the point when you used any rest rooms there would always be someone in there cleaning. The staff around all the hotel would never pass you without saying morning or hello, always with a genuine smile.We spent most our time by the infinity pool in the gardens, the staff working in the bar there were brilliant, and could not do enough for you to the point not even let you carry a drink, I thank them, worked hard all day in extreme heat, bringing around cooling towels and ice cold refreshments.Could go on and on about this hotel and its staff, all I can say is you won't go wrong most welcoming place we have ever stayed in, and that includes Disney hotels.Can't sign off without mentioning the cost of drinks, as long as you are prepared it won't ruin your holiday, as when you are there you just get on with it what the hell, just not drink as much as you probably do back home. (can of beer £7.50 &amp; Martini &amp; Sprite £7.50) got to laugh have'nt you.Again thanks to all at LRM, and don't do this very often, but when we return to Dubai, this hotel will be the first on the list to book.	
Jun 1 2009 	Unsurpassed Service	A girls holiday in Dubai, and the second visit to this beautiful hotel. We came away with some great memories, but mostly we could not fault the friendliness of every single member of staff we came across.. from the receptionists to the lifeguards.We had a Royal Club Room and took advantage of the complimentary afternoon tea (we had this instead of lunch), and the happy hour free alcohol between 6.30pm and 8.30pm daily. Due to the poor value of the GBP plus the high prices for alcohol and food in Dubai we would have struggled without this complimentary service for Club guests. The room was lovely, nothing was too much trouble, we ate in the hotel most nights, and particularly enjoyed the Arabian restaurant (Al Khaima). Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 30 2009 	Fabulous hotel	Le Royal Meridien is a fantastic hotel. I stayed there with my wife and three daughters for four nights in February. I hardly know where to begin. From arrival at the hotel, when the girls were given freshly-squeezed orange juice while I did the business of checking in, we were treated with great care and attention. The staff were all so courteous and friendly. Our bedrooms were luxurious and the bathrooms were replenished every day with Hermés Eau d'Orange Verte toiletries. There is free WiFi in the bedrooms. The widescreen televisions offer a wide selection of channels including, importantly for us, children's channels. (It's amazing the number of hotels that don't offer adequate television services in these days of satellite tv.)The public areas of the hotel were beautiful and the outdoor areas were very attractively landscaped. The beachside location really enhanced our stay here. I swam every morning in the Gulf, which was a three minute walk from the hotel building. The girls swam in the sea too, but they mostly availed of the lovely hotel pools. The Walk is a beachfront avenue lined with shops and restaurants (TGI Friday's, Starbucks etc.) adjacent to the hotel. There is construction work going on between the hotel and the Walk, but you'd have to be very pernickety to have a problem with it. A free shuttle bus travels over and back regularly from the hotel to the Mall of the Emirates. Ski Dubai is there, but overall we preferred the magnificent Dubai Mall and the interesting Dubai Festival City shopping centre. Breakfasts in the hotel are sumptuous and there are lots of vegetarian options. A lot of visitors are from India and Pakistan and there are even Indian dishes available for breakfast. One of my daughters was intrigued by the camel milk (set out next to the full fat and skimmed (cow's) milk), although she didn't have it the second morning! We had a fabulous time in Le Royal Meridien and it really enhanced our stay in Dubai. We are hoping we can make it back to Dubai next year and, if we do go, we will definitely stay in this wonderful hotel.	
May 29 2009 	excellent choice	Food rooms staff excellent beach beautiful some building work close to hotel just difficult when walking to The Walk as no pavements	
May 28 2009 	Perfect holiday	Wonderful hotel, staff couldnt do enough for us, fantastic pool, gardens, restaurants, reception, concierge. Fantastic spacious, well equiped room very comfortable. Would deffinately return to this hotel and recommend it to anyone thinking of visiting Dubai for a luxury holiday in a perfect location for shops, restaurants etc.Thankyou to all your staff for making our holiday perfect.	
May 28 2009 	AN AMAZING HOLIDAY...I DIDNT WANT TO COME BACK! VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	I just returned last night from a one week stay at LRM. I went with my husband and 9 month old baby boy. It was our second visit to LRM, as we came for our anniversary 2 years ago and did not hesitate to come back with out little boy.From the moment we we arrived at the hotel we were treated like royalty. We arrived at LRM at 9am and as we had a baby we were given a temporary room while our room was being made up, which was much needed. We freshened up and put baby to sleep for a few hours.At 12pm we were told that our room was ready and to our amazement we had been upgraded to a tower room overlooking the beach and sea! words cannot describe how amazing the room was and the view!The staff at LRM are so friendly and they cant do enough to make your stay. They work very long hours to make sure all guests receive tip-top service - which in my eyes is outstanding!The rooms are spotless and, the hotel is always glowing with smiles from all the staff. From all levels of staff at the hotel, you couldn't feel more welcome.Lovely food in the Brasserie with the various theme nights. staff remembering the drinks you have and how strong we liked our tea. It was all the small things they did to make our holiday so special.We were a bit worried about going with our baby but he had an awesome time there. All the staff loved to come and play with him during breakfast and dinner and they remembered his name aswell! he made a few good friends (shaloo, henry, magic man...the list goes on).A very special thanks to Sidhu who made us feel so welcome and helped us out alot with the upgrade and change of room. It was nice to see a few familiar faces from our last visit.Unfortunately we decided to stay in the Deluxe Sea view room as it was more practical with our baby, but it was just as good. We were given water, towels etc etc as and when we needed it. The butlers were so quick with all their work and didnt make us wait at all.All around the hotel you see smiling faces and thats what makes the hotel different from the others. From many of the guests staying there, we were told that the other hotels in dubai lack the service you get from staff at LRM. However, I do think that the food and drinks prices at the hotel are very expensive, (a treat now and again was ok but we wouldnt be able to afford eating and drinking at the hotel everyday) although there is 'The Walk' which has just been recently made - it has alot of restaurants, shops and supermarkets where you can buy essentials from and snacks/soft drinks etc at a fraction of the price. Me and hubby had kfc a couple of times and had subway, and it only worked out to be about £4 each.I was so sad when I was leaving and couldnt wait to write a review of our stay. I really didnt want to come back as we felt so at home whilst staying at LRM. Now its back to reality. We will definately visit again soon, in the near future. Thanks again to everyone at LRM...cant wait to see you again.	
May 27 2009 	for the fourth time there!	I definitely love that place! this year we were upgraded to a tower room with an access to the club to enjoy free drinks and food all the day long!wonderful	
May 27 2009 	Brilliant as always... But the price of food and drink has escalated...	I have been travelling to Dubai on business and pleasure for the past 12 years, and apart from 2 occasions I always stay here. To be honest I have never really noticed that the food and drink has changed price wise over this period, but I certainly did this time... Shocked to say the least a pint of lager £10.00, bottle of Magners £15.00 and a can of coke £4.00.I have to say that I love this hotel and the staff, but I will seriously have to think about another stay there at these prices. I don't feel there is a need for such a hike in the cost of drinks. Food had also increased considerably........... I would recommend no matter what, but I would have to point out the cost involved once there.	
May 27 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the LRM and found it to be a fantastic experience in every way. From the moment we checked in, to the time we reluctantly had to check out, we were treated like royalty. We had read plenty of trip advisor reviews about this hotel, which was a major factor in us choosing it in the first place. Even though we therefore expected the service to be exceptional, the staff surpassed our expectations. One particular member of staff, who generally worked at the front of the hotel, stood out above all the others. He was so friendly and helpful, always enquired as to where we were going or where we had been and was always keen to offer valuable advice and recommendations. He was the best of an exceptional staff and if the management read this review, I hope that they will pass on our thanks to him. His name is Kamran. As for the hotel itself, the grounds and the beech are superb and spotlessly clean. The rooms are also very nice and the sea views were fantastic. We would strongly recommend this hotel, you could not possibly be disappointed.	
May 26 2009 	Our Recent Stay at the Royal Meridian	We were delighted with the hotel, beautiful room overlooking gorgeous grounds and perfect location right on the beach.However, we were very disappoiinted with the food and service in the Brasserie Restaurant, both in the morning and the evening. Although the salad bar was extensive, the hot cooked food lacked imagination and the presentation was poor. Also there were no hot fresh vegetables, apart from potatoes. The service was very poor - not enough waiters for the number of guests dining.	
May 26 2009 	Eveything we hoped for	This was our first visit to Dubai and based on the many excellent reviews we chose Le Royal Meridien.The holiday was for a double birthday celebration for my husband and myself and we were delighted to be upgraded (on request) to a Tower room on the 12th floor.We found the hotel to be absoulutely first class in every respect from the fantastic service to the varied and interesting food available. Truly a 5 star hotel with a superb location on a gorgeous beach, beautiful grounds and a luxurious room. The only negative would be the price of the drinks. Thank you LRM for making my 50th birthday so memorable and we hope to return next year!	
May 25 2009 	Out of this world!!	This was our first visit to Dubai and we were absolutely delighted with our choice of hotel! From the moment we arrived the service was second to none and our room which was situated on the 7th floor had views to die for!!The staff were unbelievably helpful and we have never had service like this before during our many holidays abroad! Excellent choice at breakfast with brilliant service and never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a table considering the hotel was fully booked!We look forward to returning next year	
May 25 2009 	It's all true. It's great!!!	When I read reviews before staying at the hotel I could not believe it would be true.But the hotel was great, nice room, nice staff, great service, good location.....I also found really good to have free wifi in the room.Gym was one of the biggest I've seen in a hotel.The only disadvantage is that as mentioned in other reviews, this hotel should have a pool designated for adults only. The hotel has 3 pools and the first two days we were fine, but then the last 3 days all 3 pools were invaded by children.Please don't get me wrong, there are children that behave very well and there are adults that behave worse than children, but if you're travelling without children you would prefer to stay away form them :)So the hotel's 3 pools &amp; gardens are big enough to get a designated area for adults.Anyway I would go back to this hotel, and I strongly recommend it.	
May 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel	We stayed at Le Royal Meridien 4 days before our cruise on the Radisson. We chose the hotel because of the comments from others who had stayed here. We were also impressed that Edoardo, the hotel manager, reads the reviews. We found the staff very attentive and we were very impressed with the hotel. We wondered whether it would live up to the rave reviews - and it did. We would not hesitate to recommend it and we will return. The gold souks are worth visiting just to see the beautiful workmanship. the Funstons	
May 24 2009 	Excellent service facilities and staff - highly recommended	This is my second trip to Dubai in the last 3 years, however, my first trip was only for 2 nights on honeymoon staying at the Al Qsar when returing from the Maldives so we wanted to stay longer and see a bit more of Dubai this time. Overall, I thought the hotel was fantastic. It seemed to be a little cheaper than some of the other 5 star beach hotels in Dubai but the majority of reviews were all extremely positive and I have have to agree. Whilst the hotel was not cheap, it was extremely good value when compared with other beach hotels in Dubai and is certainly worthy of its 5 stars. This was our first holiday with our 4 month old son and the hotel catered extremely well for families. Access around the hotel with a pushchair was very good with plenty of ramps. We were made to feel very welcome at the hotel - all staff were extremely professional and helpful. The service really was outstanding and we would highly recommend the hotel and would certainly consider staying there again. We had booked a club room which we were pleased with. Our room was a good size and beautifully decorated. The only thing which wasn't as good as we'd hoped was the outlook from the balcony. Our room was on the inland side of the circular building so whilst the view of the harbour area and surrounding area was pretty good, it would've been nice to have a sea view or towards the Burj. I think next time we will book a tower room as I imagine the views out from the upper rooms would be really impressive. Breakfast in the club was very good with a great selection. The complimentary afternoon tea in the club building was lovely touch. We really enjoyed sitting out on the Club Terrace looking out on the hotel grounds. The hotel had really nice grounds - plenty of space for sunbathing incuding 3 pools, lots of grassy areas and a large beach all with lots of shaded areas if needed. There was usually a lot of sun loungers to choose from, however the hotel seemed to get a lot busier on the last few days of our stay, I think possibly due to the start of Easter school holidays in the UK. The hotel seemed popular with couples and familes, however, due to the amount of outside space, it didn't seem overrun with lots of children so even if you're a couple or group of friends not looking for a child friendly hotel, I would still recommend this hotel. We tried a few of the restaurants in the hotel including Fusion, Prime Rib and Pizzeria which had a good selection of excellent quality food and again, exceptional service. Similarly to the majority of hotels in Dubai, the restaurants (and especially alcohol) were pricey. We went out of the hotel on most evenings to choose restaurants. The location of the hotel is excellent due to it's proximity to &quot;The Walk&quot; which has a great selection of restaurants and shops. The restaurants here were noticably better value than hotel restaurants but not necessarily as good quality. We particularly liked On The Border which was a great Mexican just a 5 minute walk away from the hotel. We would also highly recommend the Argentinean steak restaurant in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. We were also very impressed with the hotel's spa and gym. The spa had an excellent choice of treatments in beautiful surroudings complete with jacuzzi, steam room, sauna and lots of showers with Molton Brown toiletries. The gym had floor to ceiling panoramic windows with a nice view of the hotels grounds and beach and an impressive array of state of the art equipment. In my opinion, the gym was superior to usual hotel gyms and exceeded expectations. During the day, staff handed out cool hand towels, complimentary small slushes and water spray to all guests sitting near the pools and on the beach which was very welcome in the Dubai heat! The only hotel I can really compare this to is the Al Qsar which also seems to receive very positive reviews. The Al Qsar is larger and a more opulent hotel. It is newer than the Royal Meridien and I think the room rates are higher. They are both excellent hotels, I preferred the Al Qsar and my husband preferred the Royal Meridien due to the excellent service and as it is a little smaller, it feels a bit more personal, whilst also being better value for money. Overall, standards are very high at Le Royal Meridien and I wouldn't hesitate in recommending it.	
May 23 2009 	The best hotel i have ever been to?	I have stayed in this hotel many, many times now and have only recently returned from it. just how good this place is. The thing that makes it stand head and shoulders above the rest - the stuff ability to make you feel individual and special. Add to that the grounds, pools, food, location and it is just perfect.. i would say that Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort &amp; spa is the best hotel i have ever been to, i will give 10 *** stars for it, Well done to everyone!!!!	
May 23 2009 	Best hotel ever!!	We recently stayed in this hotel. Arrived at 6:30 in the morning and were upgraded from a deluxe room to a tower room. Although in most hotels breaskfast is not offered on the first day we immediately could make use of the breakfast facilities of the fusion restaurant. Positive thing is that every building has his own breakfast facilities. Because of this you don't have the idea that the you are staying in a huge hotel. Because of this the waiters do remember after a few days what drinks you would like to have with your breakfast.After breakfast the hotel reception gave us a beeper. When the room was available they would beep us. At 11:30 in the morning we already had our room on the 11th floor. In the tower room you get daily water (don't worry that you get thirsty as we got about 5 litres a day), fresh fruit, at around 4 in the afternoon they bring you some afternoon snack. Later in the day you get some chocolates and a weather forecast for the next day when they make your room ready for the evening. Also in the tower room you can order every evening a bottle of wine which is for free. All rooms in the tower have a sea view. We were on the side where we could also overlook the walk. The three swimmingpools of the hotel were very clean. Enough chairs around the pool. Even when you arrived late in the morning still some nice spots were available. Twice a day some cold towels were offered which was a very nice cooling down. The supervision of the pools were excellent. If children were playing alone in the pool without any parent they were asked where there parents were. If they were not around they had to leave the pool. We were very excited to notice that you could relax in the pool without people jumping around you and playing some ball games in the water!As we were on halfboard we ate every evening in restaurant the Brasserie. There was enough variety for everyone and every other day there was a theme night. One evening we ate in the Asian fusion restaurant. If you are staying in the hotel on halfboard you get a credit of 300 Dirhams (around 60 Euro's). The service in this restaurant was even better than in the other restaurant. The food was very nice and tasty. If you would only take a main course in this restaurant the credit of 300 Dhs is enough. Overall I would say this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We have been to many places and in the past found the hotels in Asia the best but having been in Le Royal Meridien these hotels just seem to fade away.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel with fantastic service	After a week in the Seychelles, arrived in hot dubai and arrived at this hotel on Jumeirah Beach area. We were warned by destinology whom i booked the trip with that there are lots of building works going on around the hotel but if you have been to dubai before you will know that there are always buidling work going on everywhere in dubai so we decided to take our chances after reading reviews on trip advisor and we were glad we did.Check in was easy while sitting down enjoying a cold drink and dates before we were told that the sea view room we booked was not available yet but there was a land view suite which they were happy to upgrade us for free. after a long journey, we didnt want to wait any longer in the lobby so we took the room. The room was on the first floor looking over a generator area and building next door with a view of dubai and the highway but it was a nice suite with a large living room area and a similar sized bedroom with a bathroom with shower as well as a corner bath. Also included in the Royal room was a free bottle of wine each day from a choice of 3 reds, 3 whites and a sparkling wine. The grounds of the hotel are well looked after and there are 3 swimming pools. There were plenty of places to sit with excellent shades under the beach parasols with padded loungers and nice beach towels available from the various huts for exchange of your towel cards.Beach was fine but hot and there was good bar service as well as cold towels brought to you which was a nice touch.Breakfast was buffet style with plenty of choice of western as well as indian, arabian, far eastern dishes as well. We didnt eat in the many restaurants in the hotel or used any of the bars so cant comment on it.There is a free shuttle bus service 4 times a day which wil take you free of charge to grosvenor hotel (sister hotel), mall of the emirates and the souk madinat.Overall an excellent hotel in a nice area with excellent service where nothing is too much trouble. I normally dont tend to stay in the same hotel anywhere in the world since i like to see different hotels on my travel but if i go back to dubai, i will seriously consider this hotel and that is the best praise i can heap for this place.	
May 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel with unbelievably good service	We have just returned from a fantastic week in Dubai at Le Royal Meridien. We were upgraded to a club room with a sea view which enabled us to have access to the Club Facilities (complimentary afternoon tea and evening drinks). The customer representative called us the next day to advise that we had also been provided with 'half board' in the Brasserie which was the equivalent of £80 a night. The hotel grounds are immaculate and there is always space no matter what time of day it was. The hotel staff are unbelievably friendly and I have never experienced such professionalism and friendliness in all my years of travel.The gym and health facilities are second to none. We spent many an afternoon in the Hammon pools! Although we loved our stay, we were shocked at how expensive Dubai is! The cost of alcohol is understandable (being a muslim country) but food is also incredibly expensive! The only negative thing I can say about this resort is the cost of food, a burger at lunch will set you back the equivalent of £30, for the kiddies you are looking at a £20 meal. The one negative comment aside, should you wish to spend your holiday in absolute luxury, then this resort is perfect for you!	
May 20 2009 	Perfect in every way	I have just returned from a stay here with my wife and found the whole experience fantastic. It was our first time to Dubai and we went to celebrate my wifes birthday. On arrival we were upgraded to a club room which made the stay even better.The hotel and staff are fantastic and very friendly makeing sure you are happy with everything. They even provided a cake and bottle of champagne to my wife for her birthday.The location is great and the hotel grounds leave plenty of space for everything.There is a great choice of restaurants and although they are a little expensive they are the same price as all 5* restaurants in Dubai so not excessive.The spa and hamman pools are wonderfully relaxing and offer a place to relax out of the sun.Do not worry about construction work. This is everywhere in Dubai and even though there is some outside the front of the hotel once inside you cannot hear anything and it certainly will not spoil your holiday in any way.On my return the first thing I am doing is looking into availability to take my children to Dubai for christmas and this is the hotel we want to return to.I can not speak highly enough of this hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Why Go Anywhere else when you have Paradise here?!	We have stayed many times at LRM and also the sister hotel, Grosvenor House over the past few years. I personally stayed here twice last year and each and every time it always never ceases to amaze me. We celebrated our Silver Wedding Anniversary at LRM in June 2005 and Collette helped me to organise a Vow Renewal Ceremony (without my husband knowing!) and it was such an emotional evening shared with many family and friends and something which remains with us to this day. The staff at LRM always go that extra mile to help, they are all so courteous from the maids to the managers. The Pool Bar at lunchtime is a great place to chill out from the midday sun and Paul always is 100% efficient, remembering our drinks orders etc. We are very much looking forward to returning to the LRM in June 2009, having booked Tower Rooms, with our friends, I know, 100% for sure that once again it will be 100% perfect but something will surprise me once again! Thank you LRM and GH for making my vacations just idyllic and making us feel very special. See you very soon.	
May 18 2009 	Fabulous stay - excellent service. GREAT FAMILY HOLIDAY.	Just got back from 8 days at Le Royal Meridien with my husband and one year old.Absolutely fantastic family holiday hotel, will definitely go back. The staff couldn't do enough for us and treated our daughter like a princess. Remembering every day that she liked a straw for her juice and milk at bed time etc etc and getting it ready for us without us asking. I was worried about being about to get her food/drink etc that was suitable but I need not have worried. They would of got anything we wanted for her.We got upgraded to a Club Room which was great as it had a bit more space for the cot and pram! and we also got free soft drinks and afternoon tea (which was delicious)I've been to dubai 4 times and whilst this hotel is definitely 5 star is lacks some of the wow factor of others such as those at the Madinat and Royal Mirage one and only resort BUT it also lacks the pretentiousness and stuffiness those wow factor hotels can eminate - something we wanted to avoid with a baby. It has a relaxed atmosphere with no pretentiousness at all. Everyone is SO friendly.LRM is a great hotel with great facilities, lovely grounds, well kept pools / beach, big choice of restaurants, very family friendly, excellent staff and great location - just minutes walk to The JBR The WALK area with starbucks, boots, pizza express etc - all ideal for a family holiday if you want &quot;home from home&quot; faciliites - also enabling you to keep the cost down as dining 24/7 at a 5* hotel in Dubai is an expensive business!!(Beer was about £10, chips were £7 and milkshake was £7)Anyway, we'll be back as they say....Enjoy if you go!!	
May 17 2009 	Hotel perfection	We spent 6 blissful days at this wonderful hotel. From check in to check out the staff could not have been more helpful. We were delighted to receive an upgrade to a Tower room which was more than comfortable, clean and spacious.As we have a son working in the Gulf we plan returning to Dubai regularly and will not hesitate to stay at the fabulous hotel.Thank you to all who made it such a great stay.	
May 17 2009 	Our second time at LRM...always fantastic	We do not usually come back to the same place: LRM has been our first exception.We were so satisfied the first time that we decided to have a nice five days break at LRM again. And again we stayed in a Tower room at 13th floor with a fantastic view of the Burj, the Palm and all the rest. Everything was perfect, excellent location, beach, restaurants but the real plus is made by the service: proactive and efficient. The tower room is absolutely worth the extra cost. We definetely look forward coming back for the third time.	
May 16 2009 	A great Experience	This is one of the best hotels that I ever been. Hotel Location is great as well as infrastructure, staff members are really kind and friendly especially Mr. Shetty assistance Guest Service manager, that made us feel as home with courtesy and tips.Room is very confortable, staff is always assisting you even at the beach and pool with refreshemnt towels and whatever you need.Even this hotel it is as little expensive, is still a good value compared with same level hotel in the area, then I strongly recomend this Hotel.	
May 16 2009 	It doesnt get any better than this..........	Just got back from 5 magical nights in Le Royal Meridien Dubai. We booked the Royal Club but on arrival we found we were upgraded to the Royal Tower. This was our second stay at the hotel having stayed previously last year, and once again we couldnt fault the hotel or staff in any way. Everyone from the bellboys at the main entrance, through to concierge and reception, and all the restaurants staff and down to the beach staff, everyone goes out of their way to help you and make you feel welcome and at ease. It's the old saying &quot;the customer is always right&quot; that they stick to, and whatever the problem or request, the staff will always make it thier mission to fulfill your needs in a satisfactory and prompt manner. The rooms are also of a similar high standard of cleanliness and presentation, and they are serviced daily. The food, although a little expensive when compared to other restaurants in the area, is also excellent quality with a wide range of choice for breakfast and evening meals. The hotel has free shuttle services to all the major malls at regular intervals, so that makes getting about very easy, and if you just want a lazy day at the beach, the beach facilities are excellent (nice cocktails!) and there are also 3 pools, with childrens pools too. We took our 4 year old son, and were a bit concerned before hand as to the reception that he would receive. But all throuhout the stay they really went out of thier way to make him feel welcome and comfortable. The members of staff at the front desk actually remembered his name too which was a nice touch, as they probably deal with hundreds of people throughout the day. Would i go back again? Definately! Would i recommend Le Royal Meridien others? Definately! You really cant fault the hotel or the staff.I would like to end by giving everyone at Le Royal Meridien my thanks for making our holiday that little more special.	
May 14 2009 	Unbelievable class amazing can't say enough good about it.	This is hotel is class, it is out of this world, the waiters/waitresses are so friendly &amp; helpful, they can't do enough for you to make your stay worthwhile. The restaurants are exceptional, staff are also lovely &amp; friendly in them. Outside at the pools, the staff are again so happy to help you in any way then can, the areas are so clean &amp; tidy, even though thousands of people are using the facilities every hour of every day. Hotel bedroom is lovely, spacious, clean, tidy, bathroom is big &amp; again clean &amp; tidy, an amazing experience, will definitely go back.	
May 13 2009 	Great Hotel!	We have just returned from a lovely, relaxing 6 night stay at LRM - celebrating our first wedding anniversary. We had been to Dubai on our honeymoon last year and stayed at the Madinat Jumeriah (Dar Al Masaf) and I do have to say that I prefered the Madinat resort but honestly cannot fault the LRM. We arrived and were upgraded to a Tower room on the 10th floor with an amazing view of Jumeriah beach, it was spotless. The staff are very friendly. The one thing that I did not like about the hotel was that I found it in the evenings rather stuffy, on our first night we decided to venture out to 'the walk' a new promenade beside the LRM and my opinion is don't bother - nothing at it and poor choice of restaurants!! Anyway we came back to hotel looking for an after dinner drink and my husband who was wearing a dressy pair of shorts (designer I might add) and collered shirt was not allowed into any of the bars at the hotel (even though they were all empty)- in disgust we heading to our room and ordered drinks from room service - needless to say besides breakfast (included in price) and lunch we didn;t bother eating in the hotel in the evening and heading over to the Madinet Souk for the remainder of our nights where it is dressy, casual alot more relaxed - so guys beware -shorts in the evenings not welcome - good luck to any of you guys heading from June onwards - I can totally understand if he was wearing football shorts or scruffy pool shorts but come on a dressy pair of cream shorts! Also I know we were upgraded but we had been told on checking in and when the guy took us to our room that we would get a complimentary bottle of wine every evening - this never arrived and as we were upgraded I didn;t bother to look for it.....didn't want to get a nasty shock when we went to pay bill at the end of trip. One of my pet annoyances was that almost 95% of times we went to our room the key card would not work thus being that one of us had to head back down to reception - get it recoded, wait for lift and trek back to the 10th floor - quite annoying come the 4th day! (this happened by the way when it was in our pockets as well as in handbag). There is also alot of construction outside the hotel which didn't really bother me to be honest but was quiet unsightly.Overall we had a great holiday and made good use of the facilities - excellent gym and the staff on the beach were excellent but I have to say when I next return to Dubai I will be heading back over to the Madinat where I found it alot more laid back and to be honest made me feel as if I was really in the whole ''Dubai World'' of whooooaaaaa!!! - def recommend LRM for all ages and it does seem rather popular - if you get a good deal like we did - def go and enjoy!!!	
May 12 2009 	ive stayed at this hotel 4 times	we are returning again for 11 nights on the 9th of august this is my 4th visit to lrm and my new partners 2nd visit we loved it that much. we have stayed at other hotels in dubai ie madinat, weston ,one and only but found this hotel better for us as my daughter is 12 and she loves the club .we were upgraded to the club rooms on the last visit this was fantastic .we have recomended this to our friends and they are arriving for 14 nites in june and im sure thay wont be disapointed.the staff cant do enough for you in all areas .you must be hard to please if you dont love it. cant wait to return	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic as always	We have just returned from our third visit to this hotel and it is consistently fantastic. The grounds, staff, ambience, are superb and we will definitely return. We were celebrating a small, personal, anniversary (something I mentioned in passing to our travel agent) and we were upgraded to a Club Room and received a bottle of bubbly and &quot;congratulations&quot; cake. For such a large hotel they really know how to make you feel special. So many good things are said about this hotel I won't repeat them here - but I will say that staying in this hotel really feels like being on holiday (as opposed to staying at a city hotel with a pool which is how some other hotels feel). As one of the older hotels on the beach it comes with extensive &amp; lush grounds and the best bit of beach. Outside space is such a premium in Dubai, well done Le Royal Meridian for preserving your Grand Dame feel and for not selling off your grounds to a developer!	
May 11 2009 	Outstanding Hotel !	My friend and I have been coming to Dubai every year for so many years I have honestly lost count. On my first visit, I stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel and have since always stayed at Le Royal Meridien which is so much better. We last visited Dubai in October 2008 to celebrate my 40th Birthday, which was made unbelievably special by the wonderful and outstanding staff at LRM.We have both travelled extensively worldwide and haven't found anywhere that we would rather stay. We just keep returning to LRM year, after year!!We both can't wait to arrive on Saturday 16th May 2009 for our next stay.Book this hotel and you will not be disappointed....guaranteed!	
May 9 2009 	Amazing! We found our paradise	My partner and I have recently returned from Le Royal Meridien where we celebrated his 60th birthday. This was our first visit to Dubai and we chose this hotel after reading a few reviews on trip advisor. As we booked this holiday 9 months prior to going I had plenty of time to read the reviews in depth. They were so positive that I knew we had made the right choice.We had a night flight from Birmingham and arrived at the Hotel early morning so expected to have to wait for our deluxe sea view room. However we were given an upgrade to a club room which was available straightaway and that gave us the advantage of complimentary afternoon tea between 3 and 5, finger sandwiches, cakes, scones and cream and drinks between 6.30pm and 8.30 pm. This was great and saved us quite a bit of money and would not book anything less next time. I can honestly say that from the time we arrived to the time we left everything was perfect and we could not fault a thing.Our room was lovely, the beds comfy and the pillows like huge marshmallows. The bathroom was nice with Hermes toiletries which were replenished daily. We did not have a full sea view and was aware of the construction work when out on the balcony but being upgraded more than compensated for that. My partner received 2 phone calls from the duty Manager to ask if the room was to our satisfaction. What could we say, we were over the moon with the upgrade. The room was spotless and the housekeeper Ariel looked after us well, making sure we had enough botles of water, tea and coffee, fruit and in the evenings chocolates. On 2 occasions he had created swans and hearts using towels and rose petals - a lovely surprise and very much appreciated.The day after we arrived was my partner's birthday and as a surprise I had booked tea at the Burj. This was a wonderful experience, the views were unbelievable and the food luscious. Well worth the money (395 dirhams). He was even given a small birthday cake. On returning to the LRM he was given a birthday card, bottle of sparkling wine and a birthday cake and that evening in the club lounge he was presented with a huge bouquet of roses. I had booked a meal in the Prime Rib as a special treat and when we arrived all the staff shook his hand and wished him happy birthday. The table was beautifully decorated and the meal was delicious even though a little pricey. At the end of the meal the staff sang happy birthday and again he was given another birthday cake. He felt like a celebrity, the best birthday ever and a perfect end to a perfect day.We visited the Palm Atlantis which was wow but we were so glad we were not staying there because of the many tourists like us visiting the hotel. We also had a boat trip around the Mina A'Salam and Al Qsar. The staff at the LRM are highly trained and this is evident in the way you are treated. Nothing is too much trouble and they really do make you feel special. Every night we went for drinks in the club lounge and were greeted warmly by the staff who remembered our names and what we drank. They made sure we were never without drinks. One of the staff Sarin, was such a charming young man who always had a beaming smile, was very polite and always took time to talk to us.We ate at several of the restaurants and the food including the breakfast was excellent. As we were half board we received an allowance which more or less covered our food (except for the Prime Rib) and mostly we only had to pay for our drinks.The hotel, the gardens,the pools and the beach are impressive but it is the staff and the extra little touches they provide that makes the holiday complete. We have wonderful memories of our stay and cannot praise them enough.We hope one day to return to Dubai but we will not be looking at another hotel as Le Royal Meridien exceeded our expectations and in it we found our paradise.	
May 9 2009 	Fantastic standard and service	From the minute we arrived at the hotel we knew it was special, no waiting at reception to check-in, we were seated in a bedouin style tent given cold drinks and cold towels whilst going through the check-in procedure. We had booked a seaview room on advice that it was worth the extra to avoid looking at the building work, this was good advice, boy is there building work, however it's so spectacular the work is almost a tourist attraction. The swimming pool area is great, no need to search for sunbeds, they will do that for you and they do not expect a tip. You can either walk down through the gardens to the beach or if feeling lazy, take a golf buggy. The choice and standard of restuarants is spectacular, the only down side is that you do not want to leave the hotel to try other restuarants. We went for afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab which was increadible however I don't think I would want to stay there even if I could afford to, it was all a bit to over the top and stuffy, when I return to Dubai, the Royal Meridien will be my first choice.	
May 7 2009 	Tried to book - reservation staff incompetent !!	I called this hotel to make a reservation for my family 2 adults &amp; 3 kids and the discussion about getting 2 adjoining rooms became so obtuse and redicilious that I hung-up, basically they could not guarantee 2 adjoining rooms until we physically arrived at the hotel - not something I am going to risk when holidaying with 3 kids under 9 !	
May 7 2009 	Perfect	We have been coming to Dubai every year for twelve years, and have stayed in many hotels in the City and in Jumeirah. We stayed at Le Royal Meridien last May for the first time, and cannot wait for the 15th May when we will return for nine nights, to celebrate our wedding anniversary. It is quite simply the best hotel in Dubai.	
May 7 2009 	Stayed here as part of Honeymoon fabulous	My wife and i stayed here for 5 nights at the end of our honeymoon after returning from Sri Lanka and i was thouroughly impresses by the hotel facilities and staff, who couldnt do enough for us, we even got our room upgraded to one of the tower rooms.The whole Dubai experience was fantastic and we look forward to visiting again in the near future and of course will stay at Le Royal Meridian.Thanks	
May 6 2009 	Pure luxury and friendly staff - we didn't want to leave.	We stayed at the LRM for 10 nights for our honeymoon and would recommend the hotel to anyone. We were upgraded to a Tower room and received a complimentary bottle of wine each day and celebration cake when we arrived, which was a lovely touch. We ate breakfast in Fusion each day, the food was delicious with a great selection and all of the staff were friendly.The only downside of the hotel is the cost for food and drink (19 dirhams (approx £4) for a can of coke) however, all of the other hotels that we visited were equally expensive. The hotel is located next to 'The Walk', which has a selection of restaurants and shops (there is supermarket there where you can buy soft drinks and bottled water for a fraction of the price (cans for 1 dirham).We went to Aquaventure at the Atlantis, which was a great day out and the queue's were not too bad and went on the jeep safari which was good although not for the faint hearted! We would also recommend the old city tour and lunch at the Burj Al Arab (restaurant on the 27th floor), as the view is spectacular.Overall, we had a fantastic trip and we would recommend Dubai and the LRM. Hopefully we will be back soon.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent service; very kind staff	Excellent service. Very personal attention. Very good skilled staff, always interested in our comfort. Fitness was very luxury. Nice beach and beautiful swimming pools.	
May 5 2009 	Another tremendous stay at the best hotel in Dubai	Our fifth visit to Dubai and third time at Le Royal Meridien so you know we like it, cancel that ,love it. Another great two week stay for us. If I could I'd live here. We had booked club seaview room with half board and were upgraded to The Tower. Tower rooms are great - larger and with more amenities but I don't think we would pay the extra for one.LRM is a need of a general refurb all round to pull it in 21st Century as parts look a bit dated and even though there are posher, smarter and more modern hotels in Dubai in our opinion LRM can't be beat. Why? It has two priceless assets: the staff and the grounds.The staff give a new meaning to the word customer service. Nothing, and I mean, nothing is too much trouble for them. Their whole demeanour is happy, helpful and willing, the antithesis of the snarling, unpleasant customer service experienced in Europe. Everyone without exception is treated like a VIP. We spoke to a number of staff, all of whom loved their jobs (and weren't saying this as some PR exercise) and spoke very, very highly of general manager Pam Wilby. She's clearly doing something right. LRM has extensive grounds and a large private beach area - 3 swimming pools, two or three lawn areas for games, acres of lawns for sun beds, restaurants and bars in the grounds, that leave the other hotels to shame. Each year the grounds get better and better. Although the hotel was 85% full at no time did we feel crowded.What is new since our last stay is the Walk. This is a parade (about 1000 yards) of shops 2 minutes walk away . The Walk is causing quite a stir in Dubai as they have nothing like this - shopping malls yes but outdoor parade of upmarket shops where you can stroll and drive. The time to do is Friday evening (which is equivalent of our Saturday night as Dubai weekend is Friday and Saturday). The shops are nothing special but the cars are. People come from all over the Emirates to the Walk and the road is wall to wall of really expensive and lovely cars all top of the range, mostly driven by locals, who have their darken windows down so they can see and be seen. It's quite the place to be. Pity thought if you are staying in the Ritz Carlton as The Walk is right outside and on Friday nights trying to get into and out of the hotel is a nightmare.I know the hotel management read these reviews so in the interest of improving what is already an outstanding product for our next stay here are some observations (not complaints) on various aspects of LRMThe BrasserieThis is the main restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner.. We were entitled to eat at Fusion for breakfast as we were staying in the Tower but we didn't like it.1. The menu is on a week rotation. As we were there for two weeks we saw the same menu/food the next week. 2. At dinner time there are no hot desserts - a huge array of cold ones, but nothing hot.3. Despite all the cold desserts there isn't any ice cream.The GymWe are hard core gym users and went every day for an hour and half. The gym is really great. However:1. there was no hot water in the ladies showers for early morning users like me for at least 3 days in a row. I eventually got fed up complaining about it and went back to my room for a shower.2. the gym played continously a Muscle Man dvd on the only telly. Great if you like looking at very beefy, muscle bound men, but during my two week stay it would have been great if they had changed it for something else.Club LoungeAlthough we were in the Tower we had access to the club lounge by foregoing the bottle of wine they put in your room. The club lounge is pleasant. The happy hour canapes are in need of a serious makeover as they are redolent of 1970s cocktail party - to give you a couple of examples cheese and tomatoes on sticks, a lot of slices of bread cut out in small round shapes with stuff on top, plain old crisps. Certainly not up to the standard of the canapes we enjoyed when we stayed at the sister hotel Grosvenor House.Business CentreThe equipment is slow and out of date. I have a better printer at home than the one they used which misfeeds if you print of more than 5 copies.SunbedsI used the gym from 7am to 8.30am .From the gym you can see the grounds and was amazed to see every day people reserving sunbeds at this time. There is absolutely no need as there is a huge number of sun beds. So many in fact that when we were there the hotel put many into storage as they weren't being used.Happy to answer any questions if you want to email me.	
May 4 2009 	Real 5* hotel in every sense	We have stayed at the Royal Meridien 5 or 6 times and every time has been as good as the last. The range of restaurants keeps all of the family happy and the service is some of the best we have received. Room prices vary considerably and are often expensive however we would recommend that you have room rates inclusive of breakfast as this is usually cheaper than paying separately when there, also recommended are the club rooms as these come with breakfast and club lounge access with its free drinks happy hour each night. The best family hotel in Dubai.P.S. we have bumped into celebrities each time we have stayed!	
May 3 2009 	Exceptional stay with a few exceptions...	We stayed at Le Royal Meridian (LRM) for a couple of nights in Aprilfollowed by two nights in Grosvener House (its sister hotel) and thus amhappy to compare the two.The LRM is located in new Dubai, west of the city and part of theburgeoning man-made metropolis that is currently being constructed. If youwant to find it on a map just look to the bottom left of the infamous Palm.We stayed in a Tower King room which benefited from sea views (includingthe famous Burj al Arab in the distance). We stayed on the 10th floor andwhile located next to the palm, we were unable to distinguish its shapefrom our room balcony.Our room came with a free airport transfer which worked like a breeze. Wewere met at the airport and walked to the nearby car park where we were metby a BMW 7 series. We were offered a refreshing towel, water and thenewspaper before heading on the 30 min journey to the hotel (traffic waslight as we landed at 7am on Friday morning - their weekend - on anovernight flight from London).Given the early morning arrival our room was not yet ready. I was given abuzzer from the exclusive tower reception (where we were once again offereddrinks) and were invited to wait in the Fusion restaurant for our room tobe ready and to enjoy complimentary breakfast. There are two breakfastrestaurants in the hotel with Fusion being exclusive to tower room guests.While we did not try the other breakfast I understand from a friend whostayed in the main block that the Fusion restaurant breakfast looked nicer.There is outdoor seating on a balcony in the restaurant along with ampleindoor seating. The staff did seem a little overwhelmed at times and anoted a few trainees who still seemed to be getting to grips with things.In general, service was very friendly and helpful although there were a fewnotable exceptions (detailed below).In particular, I was pleasantly surprised when lying on the beach we wereoffered a water bottle spray and cold face towels.The hotel is certainly family oriented being on the beach and it did feellike a real resort with facilities including multiple pools, long stretchof beach, tennis courts, badminton, table tennis, water sports, the listgoes on. We were particularly impressed by the size of the gym too. Havingstayed at many 5 star hotels around the world I have to say it probably isone of the biggest if not the biggest (perhaps second only to the VenitianMacau).The 'Walk' promenade area around the corner from the hotel offers a goodalternative to the hotel. It follows the beach so you can walk back via thebeach (probably - we didn't try this) in the evening. There are a selectionof restaurants which are particularly touristy and thus not too attractive,including the likes of TGI Fridays, Starbucks, etc. There's also a Bootsthere which did prove useful when we needed some tablets. A good 15 or 20mins down the walk (which is very long and very busy - great for peoplewatching) is a south african restaurant, we chose to dine outside and thefood and atmosphere was good.The room itself was a delight with very good amenities, service and balconyview of the beach. The 'butler' was only 'on demand' so did not make use ofhis services (whatever they may have been, still not work that one out). Wedid not hear any construction from our sea facing tower room which is incomplete constrast to the Grosvener House hotel across the road.The beach was at the foot of the resort beyond the pools, sun chairs,football pitch, table tennis. We found that despite it being quite busy(probably because of Easter), there was always a seat available. The beachwas clean and the water surprisingly cool. We saw other beach goersordering food which was delivered to them on the beach. Plenty of water wasprovided in the rooms (about 6+ bottles a day plus replenishment in theevening) so we were never short of water.I would rate the overall stay as excellent and we've stayed at many 5 starhotels around the world and this would have to rank near the top. However,there were a few disagreeable moments of note if I were to be completelyhonest and objective:- Frustratingly when I was waiting for the tower reception I was waved overto a desk to someone who I now understand was probably a butler. Heprovided me with mis-information re. my booking and when unable to answermy questions he said I would have to speak to a receptionist. He said hewould call me in my room when someone was free but I never received a call.Additionally, while speaking to him he interrupted our conversation to takea personal call. When I finally returned to reception he had gone sosuspect he had finished his shift and was not bothered.- The shuttle bus for the Grovesner House hotel comes every 15 mins.Instead of allowing us to wait inside in the cool we were told to waitoutside (where there is no seating). I thought it wouldn't have been toomuch for them just to pop their head in and shout when the minibus arrivedrather than have us loiter outside.- When dining in Fusion restaurant for breakfast I requested a tableoutside, after a couple of minutes of fussing they led me to mytable...which was inside. They were overwhelmed so I did not complain. Iwas however surprised to find that the butter on my table had already beenopened and partly used.- Note that the free mini bus timetable (which is limited) does not includethe a free shuttle to Dubai mall. We assumed there was not one but at theend of our stay we noticed a Dubai mall minibus waiting. It would havesaved us 50 AED (GBP10)- The knowledge of the conceirge is limited. When asked about the Juermiehmosque we were told that they thought it had been closed for 6 months.. Ithad not. Luckily we called ahead to check that it was openOnce again, overall an excellent stay and would recommend the hotel toothers.	
May 2 2009 	best hotel ever	have stayed here 3 times now and would go back again and again!stayed in tower room on b&amp;b, can eat at hotel or there are shops and resturants near by. shopping malls amazing, went on jeep safari booked with palm tours...fantastic!spa is is great toobest resturant is the grill arabian one outside..delicious!you wont regret staying here!everything is excellent!	
May 2 2009 	out of this world	I think we may have come in 2005 but the review does not go back that far! we came here with our twin boys who didnt want to leave the kids club, they had such a good time and did some fantastic thing that they still talk about it now!This was our first trip to Dubai and we are looking forward to our return on 22nd of this month, we are bringing my parents this time as its my fathers 60th birthday and their 40th wedding anniversary. I know they will be well looked after on their special holiday.Try the seafood resturant you will never eat seafood anywhere else!	
May 1 2009 	luxuriousserene BUT very disappointed now...	apologies for this being belated..i first stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with my cousins for a well earned 'girlie getaway' and was totally overwhelmed by the serenity,quality and luxuriousness...beautiful hotel and grounds,chocs placed on pillow when beds turned down,ice cold face towels and spray bottles served by the pool, we were treated like princesses,it was almost too good to be true..whilst staying it was my birthday and i recieved a beautiful bouqet of flowers, a cake and bottle of wine from the management. the hotel restaurants are fantastic,we ate out twice in Fusion (an infusion of thai,malay + indonesian), and Prime Rib (grill house),the breakfast selection seems was wonderful.i luved it so much that i went back for 14 nights with my husband and three children- age 9,4 and 1. however, i was worried that i wouldnt enjoy it as much because i had previously gone with the 'girls' and was now going with my ill husband and 3 children ...we had the BEST FAMILY HOLIDAY EVER.our children were so contented and happy.the staff couldnt do enogh for us (from reception,butler,pool staff to kids club),they took away so much stress from us,it was so relaxing. in fact, it was like leaving family behind when we checked out..(my 4 year old had tears in her eyes)... my husband said it was everything that i had made it out to be...PHEW!!!id never normally contemplate staying anywhere else in dubai for fear of being disappointed, BUT we were all set to go again this year so i rang the hotels reservations and was quoted a price for a room suitable for the 5 of us. i asked if i should book asap but was told 'no need' because there were lots of rooms available, however when i rang back 2 days later ALL those suitable rooms had gone!! they offerred me the option of having 2 connecting rooms but at 3 TIMES THE PRICE..i am so disappointed and angry because if id been better informed by the reservations staff i would of booked provisionally and checked with hubby later..so it is with some trepidation that i now have to consider going to a different hotel in dubai	
May 1 2009 	We have found paradise.	we stayed here back in 1997 when the le royal was once the tallest building that stood in this area .we have been coming out to dubai for at least 10yrs and either stayed in the le royal or her sister hotel the G/house .The reason for coming to the le royal is the impecable service you receive at this hotel .The staff can't do enough for you,you feel special and the room service is 2nd to none . Food is excellant in all restuarants of this hotel. Pool areas are great now with a new 3rd and larger pool with swim up bar.the beach is a short walk through the beautifull grounds of the hotel where you again receive an excellant service from beach staff ,eg towels put on sunbeds for you and cold face towels and cold water sprays are given to you during your stay at the hotels own private beach. We used to spend our money on going to other european countries but value for money this is the place to come and also what a change in 10yrs through out the UAE forget about the building work they make up for it in other ways. come for a stay at THE LE ROYAL MERIDIAN for an unforgetable holiday sheer paradise.SEE you SHAKER head conceirge from Mr Tom in july 2009, yes i'll be back.	
Apr 29 2009 	One of the best in Dubai	This was my fourth visit to Dubai and my first on a proper holiday. We chose LRM based on past Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed. upon arrival we were upgraded from a standard deluxe room to a Tower Suite and every single staff member we met from the moment we got there were lovely, helpful, yet not smarmy or false - unlike on past stays elsewhere. The pool facilities were great and it was hard to notice the construction work going on behind the hotel. Breakfast in the Fusion restaurant was also top class.All in all, for a stay in Dubai this is a safe &amp; relaxing bet.	
Apr 28 2009 	Best Service You Could Ever Wish For	This is a slightly belated review, as we visited in May 2008. We are returning to LRM Dubai on the 8th May this year, and before doing so felt compelled to tell people just how good this hotel is, and how well you will be looked after if you choose to visit. We actually went to LRM for our honeymoon last year, and were so happy with every aspect of our stay that we are returning for our anniversary with our little girl who is now nearly 7 months old, on what will be her first ever holiday (if she was old enough to understand I'm sure she would be very excited!).We have travelled extensively all over the world and generally like to experience different places and stay in different hotels each time; this is actually the first time we have opted to go back to the same hotel twice. Travelling with the little one for the first time is quite daunting, so a big factor in our choosing to go back to LRM Dubai is because we know that we will be looked after exceptionally well which will make things easier.The hotel itself is very impressive with a beautiful lobby, fantastic range of outstanding restaurants (our favourite was Fusion in The Tower - which makes the nicest breakfasts we have ever had then serves foods from a range of Far Eastern countries including Malaysia and Thailand in the evening, the soup is to die for), excellent facilities and rooms which are well appointed and of a good size. The grounds are immaculately kept and everything is pristinely clean.However it is the service and staff which set this hotel apart from any other we have ever visited before. Quite simply it is unbeatable - whatever you need, however they can help you the staff there are on hand. Without exception, from the restaurants to reception, round the pool and in the bars, porters and butlers every single person we dealt with was friendly, attentive and extremely competent.This was our first time in Dubai and it is a unique place unlike any other. We planned to travel around quite a bit and got to The Creek (stunning experience at dusk, very atmospheric when the Mosques are calling out) and Emirates Mall but for the most part we were simply so well looked after at LRM we found it hard to leave. We spent most days relaxing in the grounds and pool, and eating in the bars and restaurants around the complex rather than venturing out.If you are looking for a relaxing holiday with guaranteed sunshine then LRM Dubai is absolutely perfect. There are some amazing sights to see in Dubai, but this hotel is so good you may find it difficult to leave! We would highly recommend to anyone planning to visit Dubai that they ensure they stay at Le Royal Meridien, it is simply the best.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very Impressed	We arrived at this hotel early on Easter Monday and had a lengthy wait for our room but when we were allocated our room we were very impressed with the size and facilities provided. When we booked this holiday we were a bit concerned with the building works but in reality they did not bother or interfere with our holiday at all.The hotel was impressively clean and the staff were fantastic, barman remembered our drinks order from the first evening we arrived and the waiting staff at all the restaurants and pool bar were brilliant.We tried a variety of different restaurants within the hotel and enjoyed everyone, the service, presentation and quality of food was outstanding especially the seafood restaurant.This was our fifth visit to Dubai and we normally stay at the Jumeirah Beach but found it to be at bit expensive this year and decided to try something new and we were extremely glad we did! This hotel was just as good as the Jumeirah if not better. We were that impressed we have booked again to return on the 6th September this year and cannot wait to go back.	
Apr 27 2009 	Amazing Service	Arrived at 2 am,, was upgraded to a club room, lateral view of the sea (instead of full view standard) The restaurants are fabulous, but a little pricey. Breakfast buffet is out of this world however. Grounds, pools and beach, wonderful. The room was luxurious, we wanted for nothing, Hermes toiletries, chocolates at night, fruit in the day, tea making facilities unlimited and the most comfortable beds ever slept on. it was literally hard to get up in the morning!!But the most outstanding feature was the service...within hours, most of the staff seemed to know who we were, we were always greeted with a smile and nothing was ever too much trouble! It was absolutely amazing that in 7 days, we did not meet even one slightly grumpy member of the personnel, they all seemed so happy to be there, and happy to be with their clients. So huge congratulations. The downside? The building going on behind, so avoid rooms on the back, although you don't hear it with the windows closed! Taxis are cheap and plentiful (the hotel is one of the furthest away from the town) , and the organised tours were outstanding, especially the desert trip and the Dhow boat ride. All in all, a great experience and a wonderful hotel	
Apr 27 2009 	Our Honeymoon Hotel	The hotel is absolutely stunning and we respectfully disagree with the review written before us - This hotel definitely HAS the WOW factor! It is only our second day at the hotel and this is pretty much a live review! (a first on Trip Advisor?!?) We have tried the brasserie below last night and this morning and the food was excellent. The only complaint is that there is too much choice ;) !!! The service is flawless and the staff very friendly. Going half board, the food allowance is generous and we are looking forward to trying the other 8 restaurants in the week. The room we are in is pretty dated and dark and doesn't match up to the room we've stayed in at a 5 star resort in Goa, just last week, which is quite a disappointment. However, the view is superb.We've had a look at the spa and the hammam baths look very tempting. The gym is open 24 hours too. The guest relations desk arrange any activities you may wish to do, and we are off to book wild wadi and the desert safaris. There is construction work all over Dubai, but you can't hear any work going on which is a relief. Looking forward to the rest of our honeymoon here. Definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel! We will be going back as soon as possible!	There is so much choice in Dubai that its hard to know where to start but I really cant recommend this hotel enough. We arrived on a very early flight and were at the hotel by 8, check in is officially from 2 but we were upgraded straight away and taken for breakfast whilst our room was being made up, we were checked in by 9. Our upgrade included a free bottle of wine each day as well as the regular fruit and snacks that are left in your room daily. We were spoilt and pampered from the moment we arrived until the moment we left, the staff are brilliant, they are all helpful, friendly and polite and keen to ensure there is nothing they have not thought of to make your stay perfect. The pool team bring round iced shots and cold towels and water sprays so you dont even have to get in the pool to cool down! The decor throught the hotel is excellent and the grounds are immaculate. The hotel is right on the marina and a new stretch of shops and bars is just 2 minutes walk away with a good selection and choice of prices and style of good places to eat. There are always plenty of taxis outside and its very cheap and easy to get around from here. We will be staying here again!	
Apr 26 2009 	we loved it so much we are going back for christmas!	This is undoubtedly the best hotel in Dubai..... Forget the faceless glass ostentatious sky-scraper hotels that claim to be the only place to stay - this hotel has it all!Our Tower Room was amazing with a view to die for. The food and facilities are second to none and the staff cannot do enough for you - we really were treated like royalty. We have travelled far and wide over the years but have never experienced such great service or so many lovely little touches that this hotel provides.We have been back less than 24 hours and are already in the process of booking our return visit for Christmas.We don't usually write reviews of holidays or hotels but really wanted everyone to know how special this place really is. If you only ever stay at one hotel - make sure it is Le Royal Meridien - you won't be disappointed!	
Apr 26 2009 	The place you wish to return to.	Me and my girlfriend visited Dubai last December week before Christmas and chose one of Le Royal Meridien's tower rooms for our stay. Briefly the hotel is just perfect, has various restaurants, three swimming pools with plenty of top quality beds and regular cold towels for refreshment. Buggies can carry you around the resort if needed. The staff is very polite yet friendly and always helpful.The tower room is their upper level with separate reception are and breakfast lounge, however the guests of other types of rooms are not treated differently from you. All tower rooms have seaview and 24 hours butler service. Separate shower and bathtub all with Hermes cosmetics. The nicest thing is that you have the feeling that you can get whatever you wish, and its all just a button away on your phone. As an example I called one day asking if the rooms are covered by the lobby wi-fi network to use on my ipod, and the next day there was a router installed in my room, although all rooms are equipped with cable for internet. As a comment I would suggest the wi-fi network gets extended to cover all pool areas.On our departure night (2-3 am) the butler helping with our luggage felt like my mom, ensuring we have packed everything and not forgotten anything in the room.The hotel is slightly expensive however everything you pay for is fully worth its value.Well it's too many things worth mentioning, as the Christmas tree light-up party but you need to go and see for yourselves as the experience you get in this hotel is just unique.	
Apr 23 2009 	Wonderful hotel - but geared to families	We stayed here for 3 nights and have to admit it is a beautiful hotel. The grounds were huge and very well tended t The hotel was plush and the service could not be faulted - especially the club lounge staff.We booked a club room and got upgraded to a Tower room which was a lovely surprise as the trip was part of a special anniversary holiday. We also got a bottle of sparkling wine and cake delivery to our room which was very much appreciated. We had to ask to still use the club lounge facilites which was not a problem to the hotel at all. Just as well because the drink was very expensive at £6 for a bottle of water and over £10 for a pint of lager. I know these are Dubai prices but we heard an awful lot of people who have been going to Dubai for years saying that they would doubt they would return, this is not a criticism of the hotel but Dubai will very quickly be out of reach for most if they continue with their current pricing policy.We were half board and the food was very good - in particular the breakfast, which was probably the best during our 2 week holiday. We never tried the restuarant as we felt the choice in the Brasserie more than sufficent.I say that this is a hotel aimed more at families than couples, as the kids were very well catered for indeed. In saying that nothing was too much trouble for the staff and everything came with a smile.Would we return to this hotel - probably not - would want to try another on our next stopover we will just have. to see what is on offer. and the overal prices in Dubai	
Apr 22 2009 	lacking the wow factor	Dont get me wrong, this is a nice hotel, clean and the service is good but you could be anywhere, theres nothing special about it. I know there is a lot of building work going on in dubai but this is surrounded by it. I went here for my anniversairy but the hotel just isnt very special. The plus point is that the staff are great.	
Apr 22 2009 	Still a great hotel	We have recently returned from our 6th visit to LRM and, as before, very much enjoyed our stay. The hotel, the grounds, the staff, all the restaurants and the facilities are excellent. Unfortunately we arrived just before Easter and this meant that most guests were families with children and I think this has given rise to one or two of the previous comments. There certainly were a great many children around so if you are looking for a more peaceful stay you should perhaps avoid the school holidays. The hotel has 3 large pools and a shallow children's lagoon style pool, but several times we were put off going for a swim because of the large numbers of children in every pool. To address this, and keep everyone happy, I think the hotel would do well to elect one of the 2 major pools to be adult only. Despite the large numbers of people around we could always find sunbeds in a quiet spot as the grounds are large. We arrived in mid-afternoon and our room was not ready so we had to wait a while but were then up-graded to a Tower room. These are very well appointed and extremely comfortable and when I found all the pillows to be too thick just a mention to a member of staff swiftly brought two more pillows for me to try. One of them was perfect! If I had to be very nit-picky I would say that the room we were in was getting due for a bit of a make-over because one of the bed-side lamp shades was beginning to look old/stained and the grouting in the shower needed renewing. I am sure 'though that if management read this, these matters will be swiftly rectified as the hotel is so well run and kept so beautifully. The area around the approach to LRM is still a building site but unless you have a room overlooking the front of the hotel this should not affect you in any way. We look forward to returning to LRM in the future but will do our best to avoid the busy school holidays!	
Apr 21 2009 	A Fantastic Week in a Relaxed Atmosphere with Excellent Staff	Im not usually one for bothering with feedback but as the reason why i went to Le Royal Meridien in the first place was as the direct result of other peoples feedback on this site, i felt obliged to say thank you to them and to the hotel. My wife and i arrived at the hotel in the early hours of the morning on 1st April 09 for a one week stay. Even at 3.30am we were greeted by courteous staff and given refreshments in the lobby whilst the finishing touches to our paperwork was undertaken.We had a deluxe sea view room that didnt disappoint. As you would expect when overlooking the sea in Dubai, it was an excellent view and sitting on the balcony with a bottle of red wine (courtesy of the hotel management) was superb. We both had an excellent time at the hotel. We made full use of the Spa and ventured around the few shops located on the ground floor. Clearly drinks were expensive in this hotel just as they are in all other hotels of this quality in Dubai. We didnt mind paying the prices though as we were enjoying our luxurious surroundings and the staff could not do enough for us. We went Half Board and enjoyed a huge variety of food at breakfast time. We ate in the Brassiere each evening and once again we had a huge variety of different foods each night. The themed nights were particularly good. We were planning on venturing out to the other restaurants located on site as we could have used our Half Board allowance to offset any extra costs however we greatly enjoyed the Brassiere food choice and the waiter service was excellent. Several of our days were spent lazing around one of the 3 pools or by the beach, however we were not total cabbages and did have a trip out to the Wild Wadi water park and also visited a couple of the Malls, one of which was the Emirates Mall which had a free bus service from the hotel. This really was a relaxing week for us both and we would love to go back again. If there is anything dissappointing about this hotel, its having to leave. I have read a couple of recent reviews on this hotel that are not too favourable. I really cant agree with their views. This is a fantastic hotel and my wife and i fully recommend it to others.	
Apr 21 2009 	Fabulous - but....	OK - Have thought long and hard about this one - so here goes.Dubai is an acquired taste and very much depends on what you want from your holiday. For our part we wanted 2 weeks with guaranteed sunshine and a luxury resort, and that's what we This hotel is ideal if you have young children. The activities seemed well organised and plentiful. As mentioned before in many reviews, they are fantastic. Staff are highly trained in customer service and could certainly show us a thing or two about how to do that to perfection. Nothing is ever a problem to them, and the cusomer is always right.For me, Dubai in general is a developing city, felt a little incongurous to have skyscrapers on the beach, and cultural experiences needed to be sought out.The hotel was good, but not fantastic. A previous reviewer spoke of likening it to any resort in europe, and I agree. For several reasons. 1)In order to get a 'front row' seat at the pool, you need to be up before 8am ( my young daughter is diabetic and when swimming I need to be able to see her all the time). Even at that early time lots of beds were 'bagged'., and I guess there must be a towel fairy. I really thought I'd spent enough money to guarantee not to have this happen.2)Upgrades &amp; early access to rooms were mentioned by many, but was always told - sorry hotel full - till we heard other guests who got suite upgrades for one person, for example!!3)Dubai, and this resort, are mega expensive. The whole exerience was coloured by this. I knew this would be the case, however, when the falling pound is combined with an almost doubling of prices, its really annoying. (An ice cream at the beach cost 13 Dirhams in 2008, was 24 Dhs in 2009)So truthfully, I would not return. It was a nice hotel, but I've had just as good, if not better, in the Far East, USA, and Europe.The spa was fantastic, but again, the prices were way over the top for anything but the most basic treatments.There is also a dearth of things to do at night. Difficult with a 13 yr old who certainly doesn't want to sit in a piano bar.I felt a little short changed overall.	
Apr 19 2009	royal meridian top class in dubai	hi am going back to hotel in june 09 for my bday.i have stayed there on numerous occasions and cant find one fault,it was superb, the staff from door men to beach where top class,the food is great the buffet had a great selection,and had themed nights,the piano bar nice for cocktails but the music a thumbs down,the rooms in the club where lovely but the club ammenities even better,afternoon tea and happy hour[or two] at night was great, met really nice down to earth people. wilma the waitress very nice. persuaded my friends frankie and chris martis to go and they are now converted , they loved it,did go out to other resturants but a waste of money as hotel food just as good cant wait for june thanx karen and des meechan	
Apr 17 2009 	NICE FOR KIDS BUT LOOKS LIKE A CAMPINGGROUND	Nice hotel but not orananized . staff is not qualified - busy big hotel with lots of kids - the towels are in the morningspread over 300 chares - so the can get the best spot on the pool - looks more like spain and turkey hotels - breakfast always same - for the rest not bad at all but no real class here - SPECIALY FOR KIDS ITS RECOMMENDED- CONSTRUCTION AROUND NOT REALY A PROBLEM	
Apr 15 2009	Not a usual glitzy 5 star dubai hotel	On arrival to the hotel we drove through the very unpretty building site! Staff are very welcoming and friendly which was lovely. But was given a room with a building site view and the noise woke me every morning.The pool areas are very busy and noisy with loud music being played which meant we spent all of our time on the beach for some peace.Had a tacky butlins feel to the resort to be honest and very geared up to childrens activities.Everywhere was clean and the service was very good. The food by the pool was very limited with choice, but the Italian restaurant was beautiful.Dubai is very very expensive, so be prepared!I would not return to this hotel as I have stayed at The One and Only Royal Mirage before....which is and incredible faultless place to stay.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great but overrated	Great family resort, but after reading a lot of very positive reviews I had expected more. We enjoyed a fantastic Easter holiday at Le Royal Meridien, but I miss the wow factor. This is a very nice resort for families expecting lot of kid’s activities etc., but I don’t find this hotel a top luxury hotel in Dubai context. Other hotels in Dubai, such as Royal Mirage and the different parts of Madinat offer a totally different experience when it comes to quality on restaurants, luxury feeling, exotic touch etc. To me Royal Meridien is just too much of a typical family resort you will find all over the world. To be very critical I did not find menu/food on all the different pool restaurants any exciting. Unfortunately they used the same menu at all the different places – there were actually nowhere to get a descent lunch. In the evening there are 9 different restaurants to choose from and these were generally of high standard. All drinks/food were hugely overpriced. I think this goes for most hotels in Dubai, but paying euro 10 for a beer, euro 20 for a pizza, euro 50 for a Mexican main course or euro 500 for a normal Barolo is just insane. Wine is specially overpriced; they typically charge 2-4 times the normal price at a good restaurant anywhere else.That said, this is still a fantastic resort, very nice staff and as many other reviews have pointed out – they will do anything to make you happy. Not a bad choice for families with children. If traveling without children I would go somewhere else.	
Apr 11 2009 	Don't judge it by its looks - its fab.	This hotel is obviously not the usual glass and metal gleaming tower that is on display in most of Dubai, but its warm welcoming and very clean, the staff are AMAZING, courteous, helpful and really pleasant to adults and kids. We arrived off the Virgin flight very tired and sweaty and once we had breakfasted we were given a room within an hour, much earlier than we had expected.I liked the heated pool which has a kids paddle pool alongside but there are colder ones, including what looked like a lap pool and plenty of grounds to sunbathe in undisturbed. The kids club ran a good programme with treasure hunts, sports, craft etc. 2 separate clubs for under 12's and over, with Wii and pool in the evening for older kids.We had a deal with breakfast included which was absolutely divine, everything you could possibly want, hot, cold, pastries, smoothies, the lot and some strange stuff like camel milk, sushi and curry for the more adventerous!Mix of people, mainly brits, russians and other europeans.The beach is lovely too and they do offer watersports like tube rides and kayaking.Our room looked right out onto the pool and beach view with a balcony, big tv and dvd player, with brit news but no ipod dock, not sure if it has in the plusher rooms. Plentiful free bottled water , complimentary fruit, and towel change, bed making and turn down with yummy chocolates.My husband really rated the gym. They really do bring round cold face towels, spritz sprays and slushpuppy shots for the kids. Didn't get to use the spa but looked good.The location is good, there is building work going on all around but we weren't bothered by it at all as our room, pools and grounds were facing the sea. Round the corner is &quot;The Walk&quot; which has plentiful restaurants that we would recognise (TGI, pizza express, chilis) and coffee shops. There is also a supermarket and some shops. Some of it looks a bit abandoned upstairs, I'm not sure if its open and closed down or just not opened up yet. Its alongside the beach and is very pleasant and safe, day or night. Much cheaper than eating in the hotel.Cabs are plentiful outside the front door and will take you anywhere, the conicierge and door staff are helpful and knowledgeable, altough if we had discovered the business centre earlier we could probably have looked stuff up ourselves.Wild wadi is not free at this hotel, it cost us over £100 for 3 of us, but was great fun.Free shuttle bus to Mall of Emirates from here too.Overall I would return this hotel without a second thought, for Easter sun and relaxation.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good hotel and perfect beach and pools. We dislike the reception	I stayed in this hotel with my wife and son this March. All was perfect, but the receptionist was not at the level of the hotel (this was a petty, beacause all the rest of the hotel was excellent).The pool and beach side was perfect, the beach quite far from the hotel but it was ok.	
Apr 10 2009 	excellemt hotel	I have stayed in the hotel with my wife we have received double room with sea view. The room was amazing and it is worth its price. The food is really great and although I was a little afaraid what I will get there it met my expectations. There is fitness center available and pool outside. Great placa for leisure	
Apr 9 2009 	I have extremely fond memories of this Excellent Resort	I actually didn't stay at the hotel but was a member of the resort while my family lived there. The staff are the nicest people I have met anywhere in the world. The gym is the best gym I've ever seen in any hotel in the world. The pool bar makes the nicest mocktails I have ever had. The food in the restaurants is extremely good (sometimes exquisite). The spa has some of the best therapists I have ever come across in the world. The hamman pools are the best I have ever seen. The changing rooms are kept clean and well stocked with molton brown products constantly. The beach is beautiful. The service is instantaneous and performed with genuine commitment. Just be sure to be kind and courteous with the staff - we became close with many of those working there and they told us that many of the Brits holidaying at the hotel were very rude towards them. If you are rude to staff not only does it reflect badly on you and on Britain as a whole, but the standard of service you get is not going to be what you would like. Common sense really. If you are nice to the staff they are extremely warm and generous with their time and efforts.	
Apr 8 2009 	Amazing stay	Hotel is simply great. You get excactly what you expect - perfect five star hotel with amazing, sometimes even boring :) attention from Guest service managers. They try to make your stay more then comfortable. Of course they have some issues with capacity planning as they tried to move us and &quot;upgrade us to more luxurious apartment&quot; in the nearby property of Grosvenor House but we insisted on the room that we payed (nothing less, nothing more) so we stayed only for one night in this luxurious and huge apartment. It was our honeymoon and we wanted beach and sun and not some city hotel so we returned to Le Royal. But overall - EXCELLENT!!! What you pay is what you get!!! Not to forget - they compensated this one night issue with dinner with bottle of wine on House charge, so...One more thing that is very important to mention is that there is Budha Bar in Grosvenor house!!! :)	
Apr 5 2009 	Not a five star anymore!	We stayed already two years ago in the Meridien and we were very happy and decide to spend another nine nights in the tower this year. But the service has changed dramatically. First, I request an upper level room in the tower during the booking and received the lowest level. My request was not even read. We could change the room later but room service was not good at all. Things where cleaned quick but not thorough. We had some fruits in the room which were already mouldy and it took two days until they were removed. Room cleaning was far away what I expect from a five star hotel.Breakfast was served until 11.00 but things at the buffet where not filled up. If you come at 10.00 you may accept that a lot of things are not available anymore or empty. Tables where prepared for next guest within short time but not even cleaned. Something was missing everyday: Cups, cutlery, butter, juices, whatever. The hotel staff where really friendly but totally overstrained. But the worst was the noise in the night: If you stay in the tower, check if your room is in direction to the Ritz-Carlton. I don't know why but the Ritz Management decided to have a party every night and to place their huge boxes in direction to the Meridien Tower. Maybe to protect their own guest from that horrible and loud music. That's good for the Ritz guest's but not really for the guests in the Tower. 9 Nights, 6 parties and an unbelievable noise. Forget El Arenal in Mallorca or Playa des Ingles on Gran Canarias. If you want to listen to 250db loud music come to the Meridien and spend 500 Euros in the Tower and you have it and guaranteed until after midnight!Don't even think that somebody cares. We were complaining at the lobby and the answer was: We do not hear anything. No wonder: This guy is sitting behind his desk in the lobby!?!It was really sad that nobody ask us at the checkout if we like our stay or if we are coming back. Instead I had to fight with the receptionist because she want to charge the transport (which was included) on our bill.I will come back to Dubai but for sure not in the Royal Meridien. This hotel is much to expensive for that Service.	
Apr 5 2009 	Best Hotel In Dubai	We spent 10 nights at theLe Royal Meridien Beach Resort &amp; Spa It was a wonderful hotel, the pool areas and gardens to the beach were superb.The hotel is in a great location with easy access to a variety of restaurants, the rooms were spotlessly clean and the service impeccable. The breakfast buffet had everything you could wish for and there were plenty of staff on hand to bring hot drinks literally within twenty seconds of asking. we stayed there for our honeymoon and have booked to go back in july 09 for our 1st anniverasry cant wait !!	
Apr 4 2009 	NO1 IN DUBAI	Everthing about this hotel is first class,especially the staff,and the position on the beautiful beach.I have recommended this hotel to people at work,and everyone has been impressed.If it had a bar like the basrati bar just up the beach it would be even better.	
Apr 3 2009 	Excellent service can highly recommend	Like in other reviews we were upgraded as I was pregnant and we had a fantastic tower room with stunning views fresh fruit, water, chocolate, snacks every day and the option of breakfasting in the Fusion restaurant. Couldn't ask for more choice for breakfast and food was excellent. Like others, we found the service to be outstanding - the staff were friendly and couldn't do enough to help. We went with Virgin Holidays who offered an excellent package and meant we were picked up and dropped off in a private 'town car' which was very welcome after the long journey. We went for half board and took the 'club' option which meant we never needed to leave the hotel and even in my pregnant state I would have had enough to eat every day. The half board meant we could eat the buffet every night (with changing themes to prevent boredom) or get 300 AED credit (as a couple) at any of the other hotel restaurants - there are 9 and they are all fantastic and you can get A LOT of food for 300 AED. We particularly liked the Middle Eastern and Mexican restaurants. The 'club' option meant free tea/sandwiches/scones/cakes every afternoon and every evening free alcoholic/non-alcolholic drinks and canapes. This included cocktails/wine etc which are very expensive in Dubai generally so really helped to keep costs down but 'treats' up.The gym was great with free water, towels, fruit sticks and the like and the poolside included little treats and cold face cloths and since there are 3 to choose from and you are also right on the beach it was never crowded and you could always get chairs even if you went late.As many of the reviews have said, it was the little things that made this place special - getting a rose at the Piano Bar, remembering I liked Earl Grey, knowing we had been out and asking if we had a good time, the constant smiling faces and greetings from all of the staff...Couldn't recommend more, it really is what 5* service is in your dreams.	
Mar 30 2009 	7 star	I've just came from a week in dubai at Le Royal Meridien and it was just amazing! Close to perfection for me and my wife! We stayed at a Tower Room and we had incredible room service, not to mention the enormous space of bedroom and toilet! There are many great hotels with big rooms, good and vary food but the hospitality of the staff impressed me and my wife. Always a smile and the best attitude towards clientes! Will not forget this staff!The negative aspect is only the surroundings building in construction which sometimes causes a bit noise if you are in a balcony. The beach is very nice although not private. not a problem! Also, walking distance to &quot;The Walk&quot; where you can find many restaurants, shops, bars, etc. Very good!The hotel has many restaurants. I travelled with half-board basis and have enjoyed a lot the buffet... every day! For me it was 8,5 out of 10. For sure of the best options in Dubai!	
Mar 28 2009	Attention to Detail	Having read reviews of this property here and elsewhere (and the hotel being a part of Starwood) is what swayed us to consider this property. Seeing the manager's response to the reviews on TA (good and bad) is what made us book.I must say that we were not oversold. I have spent a week now mulling over what to say here and what distinguishes this property from any other at which we have stayed. What I have come up with is that this property truly pays attention to detail - almost to a fault. That is not to say, I find fault with it, quite to the contrary.The philosophy of this hotel is to encourage return visits, even if it means taking a &quot;huge&quot; loss in revenue the first time. This was the case with us. Management and staff (and regularly returning guests we met) worked in harmonious concert together to ensure that we were (beyond) satisfied and that we would return. There is a generous spirit and hospitality at the le Royal Meridien that is rarely found elsewhere.I cannot imagine what lead to any of the negative comments on this site (save maybe the quality of some of the food at one of the restaurants); as our experience was the opposite.For example, when we mentioned that we found the beds too hard, housekeeping staff were (yes, more than one) at the door within (what seemed like) seconds to put covers on the bed (to soften the mattresses), and within 1/2 hour someone followed up by phone to ensure our needs had been addressed. This was not an isolated incident.Another example, when we asked about tour trips at guest services, we ran into a returning guest (and representative). Both asked us questions about our preferences to determine how best to meet our needs. The information provided thereafter was spot on, and added to our positive opinion of, not only the hotel, but the city in general.Finally, the wake up service was beyond reproach. For the FIRST TIME ever in all my hotel experiences, we received the call at EXACTLY the appointed time.Any concerns people have expressed here about noise due to construction are a mystery to us. Although we find it surreal at the amount of construction taking place in Dubai overall (and nearby the hotel), when the windows / balcony doors are closed, there is peace.If you are on the fence about staying at the le Royal Meridien - GET OFF IT and just book! If you need anything, feel assured it will not only be addressed in a timely manner, but someone will follow up with you to ensure it has been addressed. The management and staff will only rest easy once you give them positive feedback that your concerns have been satisfactorily addressed. They have earned and truly deserve top marks (and the well earned top-star rating), as well as the numerous industry service awards they have won.	
Mar 23 2009 	Unparalled service and attention to detail - going to Dubai? Goto LRM	Returned this week from fabulous stay at LRM. First time travellers should not hesitate in choosing this hotel, it is now our fourth time at the hotel (we have tried others) and the standards have not dropped since our first visit 11 years ago. The major highlight is the friendliness, efficiency and downright excellence of all members of staff, from the guy on the beach (special mention to Alfred) to the room staff, waiters, the managers at reception and the customer services people. All staff seems to enjoy their work and will literally go out of their way to assist you. They will book restaurants in and outside the hotel, recommend restaurants and cover off everything else you would expect from a five star hotel.We ate in all the hotel restaurants and they are on a par with the best in Dubai with Fusion (Thai/Chinese) a favourite as well as the formal Italian, Mexican and Pizzeria all worth a visitLocation of the hotel is excellent with the new Walk area within 500 meters of the entrance offering any number of restaurants/cafes although no alcohol is available. The hotel has an envious location on Jumeirah beach and the gardens of the hotel are meticulously maintained and lead you onto the beachPrevious reviews mention the high cost of food and drink but this is the same all over Dubai (for similar quality) and any prospective travellers should be under no illusions regarding the price of food and drinkThere are a number of construction developments at the entrance but although they are sightly they do not impact when you are in the hotel grounds. However any travellers should monitor the situation as developments are planned at either side of the hotel and in particular The Promenade development, which is advertised but does not appear to have a start date as yet. I read other reviews comparing the Hilton and others close to LRM, they don’t even come close in my opinion and the Hilton in particular has a demolition site next door at present which will obviously lead to construction over the coming months/yearsPay the money and enjoy the experience	
Mar 20 2009 	Amazing!	My husband and I have just returned from a 6 night stay in this beautiful hotel. We had a fabulous time. The hotel itself is lovely. The staff are brilliant. We have never been to a hotel anywhere (and we do travel alot) that have such an amazing group of friendly staff. Absolutely everyone from porter, reception, dining, bedroom attendant are all so attentive. We arrived during the night after long flight and on arrival were made to feel most welcome. Check-in was quick. Porter took luggage up to room immediately. On realising that our room had shower in bath, and we needed a walk in shower, reception quickly changed our room next day, and gave us an upgrade to Tower Room free of extra charge. Bedroom was well equiped with everything one would possibly need, including tea/coffee making facilities and plenty bottled water. Bathroom was equiped with Hermes toiletries - luxury! And also mens shaving kit, toothbrush etc. just in case you have forgotten anything! Each day our room attendant would bring little boxes of chocolates and cakes. It's these touches that made everything so nice. There are plenty of restaurants within hotel - 9 - and also small gift shop and jewellers, so well contained if you don't want to explore Dubai! We did look around city, which was easily reached by either hotel transport (complimentary) or taxis which were always on standby at hotel. Hotel has beautiful grounds and 3 swimming pools which were great, and also right on beach. Everywhere is immaculately clean. There is so much I could write about I hope I haven't forgotten to mention anyone - all I will say is that everything others have written about on this hotel are absolutely correct. If you want to stay somewhere that has good service, nice facilities and excellent staff, then this is your hotel. We couldn't fault anything.	
Mar 19 2009 	lovely but exspensive	This was our 4th visit to Dubai and at the last minute changed hotels from the Atlantis to the Meridien , We got a upgrade to a lovely suite , The best part of this hotel had to be the staff , Out of all the hotels I have stopped in the staff at the meridien are the best by far , The weather was lovely and we were not bothered by any construction work , Glad we were not stoping at the Grovenor as your view is just a building site , On the expensive side paid £9 pound a pint at poolside but this seems to be the norm in Dubai , All in all had a fab time and would return .	
Mar 14 2009 	Met high expectations but may try somewhere else next time	We just finished our first trip to Dubai. We travel alot (mostly for business on luxury cruiseships) so have high expectations, especially after reading the reviews on here. I must say we were very impressed. This is one slick operation that pays attention to detail and service. Our tower room was spacious yet with cozy decor, generous Hermes amenities and a plush bathroom (although it had no bathroom fan - a bit odd.) We loved sipping our complimentary evening bottle of bubbly on the balcony with a wraparound view of the sea and the Walk and nearby tall buildings. Were not really bothered by construction noise but it could take awhile coming back to the hotel due to various road works. We walked to the Grosvenor, easily done, and can recommend the Bar 44 for views Grounds here were beautiful and the main reason we chose it. Lots of birds, palm treed shady areas, and the choice of lounging on the sand, by the pool or on grass and not feel squished together or overlooked. It seemed like a great place to bring kids. We did end up one night at the One and Only for an amazing Indian meal and the common areas/pool of that place really had a WOW factor and we may be tempted to consider staying there or the Madinat purely for the 'arabian' decor.	
Mar 13 2009 	Amazing hotel on all counts!	My husband and I went to Dubai for a winter get-away and chose Le Royal Meridien based on Trip Advisor reviews. The hotel was absolutely amazing - one of the nicest I've ever stayed in, if not the nicest. Our flight was several hours late and we arrived in the middle of the night a bit cranky, but the hotel staff made us feel relaxed and welcome from the first instant. We were upgraded to a Tower room for no apparent reason, which was wonderful. Our room overlooked one of the pools and the beach - there was absolutely no problem hearing or seeing construction anywhere. The room itself was large, clean, comfortable, and luxurious. There were always little touches - bottles of water, fresh fruit, chocolates, flowers, etc. that set this hotel apart. One other really nice touch about the hotel is that the pool areas are set up in such a way that you feel you really have your own space. The hotel gym is also great - large, clean, with plenty of equipment and tons of bottled water - and a fantastic view!While the room was great, and the hotel grounds were spectacular , throughout our stay, the service was absolutely outstanding - definitely the best I've experienced in any hotel (and I travel all the time). It was like if you even THOUGHT of something, someone was there to help you. The hotel's location was also very good. It's on the beach and also just a couple blocks from the walking area with many shops and restaurants. The hotel shuttle to the main mall also was a breeze to use, as was the shuttle to the sister hotel Grosvenor House (which had an amazing Indian restaurant). There were also taxis available 24/7.The only downsides were that the Internet ran a bit slow and sometimes there was too MUCH service! Staff always seemed to be knocking at the door to deliver some little treat. The other random issue is that one can't earn hotel points - I'm not sure why. Finally, of course, the hotel isn't cheap. But it's worth every penny!	
Mar 12 2009 	Best Hotel Staff.	Had the pleasure of returning to the Royal Meridian for a very quick 2 night in &amp; out stay to coincide with the Rugby world Cup sevens final day.The hotel is exactly as I remember from 5 years ago, with the level of service &amp; friendlyness of all the staff being a level not experienced anywhere else. We stayed in a club room that had the finest beds &amp; pillows I have ever slept on. The hotel shows no sign of being one of the original Dubai hotels with the decor &amp; clenliness of the highest standardsNormally a hotel never lives up to ythe experiences of your first visit, the Royal Meridian goes against the trend &amp; more than lived up to our expectations.Thanks to all the staff &amp; management for providing us with a few days to remember, presently looking at taking our teanage kids in July.Simon Kirk	
Mar 12 2009 	The best hotel and staff i have ever experienced	We stayed at this hotel for christmas 2007 and 2008 and had the most wonderful experience both times. This time we stayed for 10 days and after a couple of minor problems with rooms were moved to the nicest suite i have ever stayed in which really made our holiday (photos to follow) 2 bedrooms, huge terrace, own christmas tree etc etc.The hotel itself is lovely, clean and very luxurious the beach, pools, restaurants, kids club are first class and personally i think the location is good especially with Marina walk so close. But what really makes this hotel so special are the staff and i can honestly say that i never came across a member of staff that i would not employ myself they were all absolutely fantastic and a real credit to the hotel.When we return to Dubai hopefully in the not too distant future we will ddefinately be staying at LRM.thankyou for the most wonderful stay.	
Mar 10 2009 	We're going back again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This will be our third visit to this Fab hotel, cant rate it enough! This year is a 40th birthday for my husband (any excuse)	
Mar 9 2009 	Great location facilities and service	My wife and I stayed at the Royal Meridean from 1/03/09 until 8/03/09.Upgraded free from a sea view room to a sea view room in the Club Tower with all the extras included (room 656).Great selection for Breakfast, Afternoon teas / coffees and sandwiches are provided from 3pm to 5pm.Alcoholic drinks / cocktails and canapes provided from 6.30pm until 8.30pm every day in the Club Lounge, All staff are very attentive and professional in the way they carry out their duties and nothing seems to be a problem, you are guaranteed a very personal and attentive service, We received a nice bottle of wine and celebration card from the hotel management on the evening of our anniversary which was completely unexpected . Accomodation is 1st class throughout the hotel with the restaraunts and pool bar serving great food.Gardens and swimming pool areas are top class condition with a grat service from all the pool / beach bar attendants. Very attentive Lifeguards on duty at all pools and the hotels own beach area.Hotel location is by far the best in the area with great access to the beach and facilities.Courtesy busses run from the hotel to the Mall and Grosvenor Hotel on a regular basis.Taxis available 24/7 just outside the hotel entrance if required.2 mins walk from a selection of shops and cafes on the Walk. Construction work in the area has no impact whatsoever within the hotel or hotel grounds.	
Mar 3 2009 	What a fantastic experience	From the moment we arrived until the moment we left we experienced nothing but exceptional service. The hotel was fantastic, the rooms and facilities magnificent and the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome.I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to family and friends and would in fact encourage them to visit even if they were not thinking of doing so.We stayed for one week at the end of Feb and was sorry to leave, everything is so relaxed and comfortable, if we go back to Dubai in the future, this hotel will be top of the list.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fabulous but expensive	My wife, friends and I had the pleasure of staying at the hotel in Feb 2009.I would thoroughly recommend tha hotel, wonderful facilities and staff/management however, prices are very high particularly if travelling from the UK - due in the main to current exchange rate.Great location and fabulous beach location.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional service	I stayed at the Royal for 11 nights from the 12 to 23rd Feb and having been lucky enough to travel to more than 30 countries and more than my fair share of luxury hotels I felt compelled to add my comments to Trip Advisor on this hotel and the staff. To say that the staff, are friendly and helpful and a pleasure to deal with can not do them justice - every member of staff is an asset and the welcome provided and the attention to detail is in my opinion is outstanding. I choose the hotel , as I always do, based on the commetns on Trip advisor and all of the positive comments from previous reviewers are correct. We all have pressurised lifestyles in the current climate and generally it takes me four or five days (minimum) to relax, and despite the fact that I had had to bring some study papers with me on holiday by the end of day one I was in total holiday mode. Yes I did get upgraded (room 3010) but unlike some hotels it doesn't matter which part of the hotel you are stayingin, it doesn't matter if you are travelling in a group or with children or whithout or in deed like me travelling solo and it doesn't matter which staff member you are interacting with because every single guest is made to feel valued and that their needs are important...that element of being made to feel like an individual and as such special - in this day and age is a) very rare and b) a fantastic indication of the whole experience at the Royal. I do not normally revisit a hotel however before I had even considerd checking out ( day four out of eleven I think) I had decided that this is somewhere I must return to and it must be excptional as I have decided to return this May . As a solo traveller you can in many luxury hotels easily be left to one side however this was never the case at the Royal - always given lovely tables in the restaurant and infact one evening I was feeling a little cold and asked if my order from one of the restaurants could be sent to me as room service - this request was met with a smile and immediately arranged. The other items such as 6.30 p.m. treats delivered to your room and little things like remembering I'd like weak coffee and hot milk each morning together with a myriad of other examples to numerous to mention here added up to what I can honestly say was one of my most relaxing breaks - not even when I have been to top class spa resorts in Koh Samui and the States or on extended leave in Australia have I recieved as many comments on how well and relaxed I look post my stay at this resort. I can not wait to return and I can now see why this property and the staff earn the loyalty of their guests. Go to the Royal I can not see how any one could not become as enthused about it as clearly my review shows I have. The location next to &quot;The Walk&quot; s great and this corniche makes the location of the hotel ideal for all travellers. Wonderful gardens immacualte pools cool towels and ice coolers round the pool are all lovely too but it's the staff who set this hotel out from the rest.	
Feb 26 2009 	utterly fabulous	I have stayed in Le Royal Meridien on three occasions and absolutely loved it. The staff are the nicest and most genuine people you could ever meet, especially Jagdesh! The food at the hotel in all the restaurants is fabulous. We have booked Club on previous occasions and have booked again a club room at the beginning of July. Only one complaint about this hotel - everyone on Tripadvisor seems to get upgraded and even though we have stayed on several occasions with other travel companions we have never been fortunate anough to get the upgrade. We thought about trying a different hotel this year but why change when you already have stayed at the best in Dubai!	
Feb 25 2009 	Wonderful Best three night break ever! Highly recommended.	My Husband and I were looking for somewhere special to celebrate our 18th year wedding anniversary. We booked quite last minute through a company called Destinology. From the moment we arrived in Dubai the service we received was second to none. We were upgraded from a tower room to a suite, which included a bottle of wine of our choice each day along with fruit and a 24 hour butler service. The food in the many restaurants was amazing. The Spa treatments fab. If you’re looking to a relaxing, romantic, and something a bit special then this is the place to go.	
Feb 23 2009 	Simply the best - worth paying for the Royal Club upgrade	I have stayed in top hotels all over the World, but Le Royal Meridien, Dubai is the best !! Never have I experienced such friendly and efficient service. And it was not just the hotel itself - great room, wonderful views, beautiful grounds, food out of this world - particularly the steak in the Rib, but it's the staff who really made it perfect. They come from all over Asia - from countries that often do not see eye to eye - yet they work together as a totally dedicated team - all happy in their work and happy together, thoroughly professional and with a genuine wish to please - nothing was too much trouble - they were a delight and an example to the rest of us. I was last in Dubai 40 years ago - wow, what a change, simply awesome and on a far greater scale than I'd anticipated. But with all that glitz and high-rise glamour, Le Royal Meridien has the edge - a sort of laid back Colonial calm and splendour that rather reminded me of the Raffles Hotel in Singapore before it too was surrounded by sky scrapers. And believe me, the best way to view The Atlantis is through binoculars from the balcony in room 257 !!We will return. Tony Bovill,	
Feb 22 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We have stayed in alot of 5 star hotels mainly in America and Mauritus and would say this hotel is as good as any for a young family .Checked in by Jagdash Shetty assitant guest manger at 900 am on arrival room made up for us to go to immediately . Efficent check in and Mr Shetty was very helpful throughout our stay in ensuring my family had a thoroughly enjoyable stay .Lovely suite room with ocean views complimentary wine every day and chocolates for the children and bowl of full fresh fruit . Efficent room service answer calls promptly and respond quickly .Ate in all the hotel resturants could not fault any of them . Gym probally the best I have experienced in a hotel, modern precor equipment with helpful staff complimentary water ,fruit ,towels , nice spa to relax in after workout .Children's club was a problem for us as we couldnt get our children out! hard working caring staff with a variety of activities ,gifts given to children and all this is complimentary unlike American hotels , evening childrens club till 9 pm , staff at the club would baby sit if we wanted to stay out longer . .Lovely grounds with three swimming pools leading down onto the beach . Variety of watersports on offer at very reasonable price particuarly for watersking .Staff are clearly very well trained to ensure guests are looked after and all went out of their way to ensure a pleasant stay and in particular would make a fuss of the children and we were suprised how many of the staff knew their names by the end of our stay .There is nothing really we could be critical of , this Hotel clearly deserves its current number one staus on trip advisor we would thoroughly recommend it particuarly to young famlies	
Feb 19 2009 	very pleasant but ...	We stayed for 5 days at the end of January - my husband was on business. This is a very pleasant hotel in the international style, with the bonus of well kept. large gardens going down to the sea. The service is exceptional and I'd recommend trying the Arabian breakfast, which is quite a feast. Snags - the construction noise is very apparent if you sit out on your balcony or even have the windows open (although I didn't notice it in the gardens), and you're located in a somewhat business-commercial district, quite a way from thestrongly retail/leisure end of Dubai - atough depending on the reason for your visit, that could be an advantage.	
Feb 19 2009 	Probably the best hotel for a relaxing break in Dubai	My wife and I spent 10 days at the hotel in a standard sea view room in the main building . The location is ideal and the hotel and its grounds are exceptionally attractive and well manicured. There is everything at the hotel to satisfy the most discerning traveller and the service is without a doubt top class and a credit to the General management. Of course prices for food and drinks are expensive but regretably that is the norm in Dubai at present. The food at the hotel is however first class and lunch at the pool bar is particularly good value if you take account of the very talented and jolly Lord's Trio who perform for two hours six days a week! Over indulgence can be dealt with effectively in the spa and first class gym.In these times of declining standards it is most welcome to find a hotel where the attention to detail applies across the board.Will certainly return at the first opportunity.	
Feb 17 2009 	Didn't want to leave!	We stayed for four nights earlier this month and the hotel more than exceeded our expectations! From the moment we arrived we were blown away by the service of the staff - amazing. We were upgraded to a Club room with the bonus of complimentary breakfast and pre-dinner drinks which was great and unexpected. I had my birthday during our stay and came to the room that evening to find a cake and wine and card from the hotel which was a really nice touch.The facilities and service is second to none even down to being handed cold towels by the pool to cool you down. We couldn't fault the hotel... the rooms, food, pools and spa facilities were great. The only quarm would be the expensive food and soft drinks by the pool, but that seems to be the norm in the hotels plus you can take a five minute walk and eat / drink for less.The bar at the hotel was quiet but there is a shuttle to the Grosvenor Hotel where the Buddah Bar and Bar 44 is busier... the food is really good at the Buddah Bar too - perfect for a special occassion.Would definitely like to return - but for longer next time as four nights was not enough!	
Feb 15 2009 	Best Searvice at Le Meridien Beach Resort 	My husband has to travel often to Dubai on business, I have had the fortune to join him three different times and we have stayed at the Le Meridien each time. We think the rooms and service are excellent. Our most recent stay we were upgraded to Club which was a lovely additional bonus with complimentary breakfast, tea-time, and evening cocktail time with a wonderful spread of delicious hors d'ouvres. We love the layout of the pool with beach option so you can choose to be by the pool or pick a more secluded area on the lawns or beach. No matter where you are, the staff spoil you with cold towels and little slushies to keep you cool. Great exercise and spa facilities too!We have never been disappointed with our accomodations. Although a little difficult to get to with some construction surrounding the hotel, this hotel is well worth it in every way!	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Stay	We have been visiting Dubai for the past 15 years, staying at many of the beach hotels. This is our 3rd stay at the Royal and what a fantastic time we had. It was our 25th Wedding anniversary and the hotel pulled out all the stop's to ensure we had a memorable time, from the moment we arrived to the time we left, including choclates, flowers, wine.The staff were the best we have met in all the hotels we have stayed at. They were all very helpful and friendly and could not do enough for you. The hotel's assistant manager a lady named Wessam was a credit to the hotel and looked after us with geniune hospitality.The hotel itself was excellent, ultra clean and well maintained.We stayed in a club room which were spacious and had new 42&quot; lcd tv's with dvd players.It had its own check in area and complimentary afternoon tea's and free drinks and small buffet each night for 2hrs, which could save you a lot, due to the high price of food and alcohol at the hotel. That said however there are a good selection of resturants close ( at the Walk ).Weather was fantastic for the time of year in the mid to high 20'sHaving spent our time in many Dubai hotel's I would advise you not to waste your money going to any of the 6 star hotels as you will not get the same level of service as the Royal Merdien.	
Feb 10 2009 	Out of this world	We stayed here for 5 nights in mid-December and had a fantastic time. The staff at this hotel just can't do enough to make your stay memorable. We celebrated both our birthdays while we were out there. I was spoiled with flowers by the pool bar, and two birthday cakes, and wine. I had the best birhday ever and was made to feel so special. I've never seen anywhere with such happy staff who are so eager to please!Our room was amazing - only a standard land view, although because it was on the end overlooking the walk we could also see the sea (I think it was number 520). It was huge - we were lucky to get an end room, and it was bigger than the standard rooms elsewhere on the floor. The floor space of the room, sitting area and bathroom was probably equivalent to the ground floor of our 4 bed house!We stayed B&amp;B and wish we had a half board deal like others have mentioned on here , because the one and only flaw of this place is the cost of food and drinks. Cocktails were £10, a bottle of wine was £40 and a plate of chips at the poolside were £7... Hence we only ate in the hotel once apart from breakfast. If you are on a bit of a budget there are loads of places to eat on 'The Walk' and it's definitely worth taking a little stroll. The breakfast buffet was absolutely amazing - we never had room for any lunch after sampling everything. It can get a little busy after 9.30, and one day a group of us were taken over to club for breakfast so we didn't have to queue. It was a more 'refined' atmosphere over there, but the quality of the food was the same.I would absolutely love to go back but would have to start saving in advance. When I left I filled in a feedback form with all my positive comments and a few weeks later actually received a letter thanking me for my comments. This is a hotel that obviously really does care what you think of them.Go to this hotel and you will not be disappointed.	
Feb 7 2009 	6 Days Not Enough	Spent 6 nights here in early February and loved every minute. The staff were very friendly and made sure we were looked after from our first minute until our last. I even got a surprise cake and wine from the hotel during our stay to help us celebrate my birthday.The weather was absolutely what we'd hoped it would be, mid 20's each day and warm sunshine, and the grounds of the hotel were the perfect location to enjoy it in. We had a deluxe sea view room offering excellent views of the grounds and the Palm Jumeirah and the comforts in the room were superb. We went half board and ate in the Brasserie for breakfast and evening meals. Other restaurants in the hotel required a supplement if you wanted to dine there but we never felt the need. The choice at the Brasserie were excellent and the differing themes each night meant that we never tired of the same food once. If there was one downside it was the prices being charged in the hotel for food and drink during day though. On our first day i paid the equivalent of £17 for an average burger and chips and almost £4 for a can of coke. I expected high prices for alcohol but felt this was excessive for standard fare food. My tip to other travellers would be to visit The Walk which is a shopping/dining area west of the hotel. We discovered a 24hr Subway outlet there which offered two meals including drinks for about £8. We also found a supermarket which allowed us to buy Coke for around the pool (and Red Bull for the room!) at sensible prices. Needless to say we lunched at The Walk on days when we were at the hotel.We visited the Wild Wadi, went on the Desert Safari and took a wander round the Mall of the Emirates. All worth doing. We also visited Bar 44 and Bar Buddha in the hotel's sister The Grosvenor House which is a stone throw away. These came highly recommended but to be honest we never seen the attraction.The hotel run a shuttle service between the two hotels so no taxi fare necessary.Barasti at Le Meridien Mina Seyahi (£3 taxi ride away) is a lively bar with less expensive drink prices and well worth a visit. Avoid Bar Below in Le Royal Meridien. Very little atmosphere and £28 for two French Martini's just isn't necessary.All in all a great holiday. We knew about the drink expense that was coming before we went so it didn't come as too much of a shock. The food prices did disappoint though. However, once we realised we had other options it made such a difference. My advice is to go half board and make the short trip each lunchtime. You'll be quids in at the end of it.One other point - the Construction going on. Yes the noise is there but honestly it is hardly noticeable. We only noticed it because we had read some reviews on here mentioning it and we listened for it. The area around the hotel is a bit of a building site but if you're getting taxis from the door to wherever you're going then it wont really affect you.Given the amount of construction taking place we thought that the disruption to us was minimal and it didn't spoil any aspect of our holiday. And the place will be spectacular when it's finished.I'll definitely be back to see it!	
Feb 5 2009 	Fantastic Service and quality	We stayed here for two days on our way to Ethiopia. This is a great place. The staff is extremely professional and the quality of this hotel is top notch. This is a great place. The room service is professional. They leave you fruit every day. I loved the soccer pitch in the back with the inflatable goals with net. I was able to take my son there to play. Although this place is expensive, it is definitely worth the expense. If you are going to spend money to be treated right, this is the place.	
Feb 1 2009 	Beatiful place great staff but very expensive noisy and not exclusive.	We stayed at this hotel over the Christmas and New Year period. We know this place very well and have stayed many times before. As usual the staff were fab, always curtious and helpful, and the rooms, restuaurants and the general areas are maintained at a high standard.There are three swimming pools, but only one of them is heated. At this time of year the other pools are generally too cold to spend much time in.This means that everyone with small children races to get a place, so If you're planning a pool day you need to get there early. Day after day the same people must have gotten up at the crack of dawn to place their towels, something we have never experienced at the hotel before.Additionally the place seemed almost dominated be a large group from the UK, 52 of them they claimed, that moved on mass. That made a big difference to the feel of the place and some of the lovely events that the hotel put on over the festive period. When you pay very high prices, you expect it to feel a little more exclusive, not like a rowdy holiday camp. We had 2 club rooms which entitled us to afternoon tea and pre-dinner cocktails each day, which was nice. We were warned about the possibility of some noise from nearby construction, but that it could not be heard once in the hotel grounds. True enough, on other occassions this had not been a problem. But this time it was not true, you can hear and see it from the gardens and pools, and the construction noise and lights at NIGHT were enough to wake us up. Even taking the exchange rate into account, the cost of food and drink has gone up considerably. The food is lovely and the service is great but 20 British pounds for fish and chips by the pool! Twenty-five pounds for a cheese pizza for our 7 year old is getting a bit ridiculous.Addionally, we had a disagreement with the hotel concerning the rate that we were charged, which whilst was satisfactoraly resolved, left a bitter taste in our mouth.The hotel is lovely, the staff are great, but despite the fact that this has always been out favourite hotel, I would probably not go back for a long time, if at all now sadly.	
Jan 31 2009 	SImply the best (IN THE WORLD)	-The Ultimate Experience-You will never stay in a better hotel in your life. I went with my partner for 10 nights and it was simply perfect.The hotel was amazing from the decor to the service. 10 nights is the right amount of time and half-board is a MUST. The food at the brasserie for dinner was amazing with each night a different theme. The entertainment with the live band were great and fun. The swimming pool was relaxing along with the private beach. The staff were very friendly and helped us with a number of requests like booking a table at the Burj al arab. -Things i recommend-Sea view is beautiful which you can see the palm. Also it removes the noise from the construction.Half board is a must because not only are you saving big bucks but the food is AMAZING.Ask for an upgrade when you get there as there may be rooms available but the standard rooms are very good anyway.Taxi's are cheap so dont worry about travelling.Dollars are accepted and dont need to worry about Dihrams.Go to the Ski Dubai - one minute your in 35 degrees, the next your freezing in icey conditions.Water park is superb and a great day out.The old deira is a must and buy some gold in the gold souk because its cheap and you can design what ever design you like. The malls are very big but tiring if your not a shopaholic.All in all, an experience that will be hard to beat. When i go back to dubai, it will be to this hotel and no where else because there is simply nothing better.	
Jan 31 2009 	Loved it	Stayed in LRM for 5 nights enroute back from Maldives. On arrival we were upgraded to a tower room on 9th floor- the room was fantastic, lovely decor and furniture and we received a bottle of wine everyday. For our last 2 nights we upgraded to a tower suite on the 2nd floor- it was out of this world- our corner bath had views of the atlantis and the burj. We ate during the day in the brasserie- was buffet food: nice but got monotonous. We also ate one night in the Pizzeria which was very good. Breakfast, which we had in fusion was fit for a king- good choice and fresh food. The staff were very friendly and went out of their way to make your hotel experience a good one.Done the usual trips; burj, atlantis palm, gold and spice souks, desert safari, creek etc, mall of the emirates and ski dubai.	
Jan 31 2009 	Lovely	We had 2 fabulous rooms at the Meridien. Very large and comfortable. The pool area was very nice and not too crowded, although that may be because of the time of year we were there. The beach was also very clean. We walked most mornings to get breakfast at Starbucks, just down the street. Food was very expensive on the property. We had a small problem with housekeeping. One day they came too early, sent them away, but then they never came back until 18:00 which was practically turn-down time! However, this annoyance was compensated for by the fact that they retrieved my husband's iPod which was left in the room after we checked out!	
Jan 29 2009	lovely hotel - shame about the weather	i think we visited Dubai during the one week that they got rain that year. we had been 6 mths before and it was boiling but went back in dec and it was a bit chilly with rain one day. not le meridiens fault - i know. excellent hotel. food good even in the buffet restaurant. as with the rest of dubai it's expensive to eat and drink and le royal meridien is no exception. not a pricey as other hotels we have stayed at in dubai though. upgraded to a club room which gave us afternoon tea and evening cocktails and canapees. a lovely touch if you are celebrating something special. building work everywhere but once in the hotel you wouldn't really be aware of this. great hotel with lovely gardens.	
