	Thousand and one night	Wonderfull hotel, kindly and helpful staff. Lots of sunbets and a great pool.Food good and fresh served. We are satisfied about staying at the hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great position lots of facilities but just a bit foxed	A family and friends weekend the Royal Beach provided an ideal beach break with rocks and pools for kids, sun and shade for adults, pools and other on shore facilities. Although the Beach and sea out to Dibba Rock is a nature reserve and the recommendation was snorkling and seeing turtles there were none. It was claimed that the recent red tide had cleared the area so perhaps next time	
Mar 22 2009 	Unaccomodating Staff - but loved the turtles	After a couple of hours driving, we arrived a little earlier than the check-in time and were quickly shown to our room. Expecting a double room we had to ask for the beds to be pushed together (no double bedding provided). Had we paid the normal price we would've been disappointed with the room (minibar fridge did not work - meaning the bottled water smelt when opened, the bedside lampshade clearly having melted due to getting too hot etc). To call this a four-star resort is possibly a bit optimistic. The seaview however was very nice.Although the staff tried to be helpful (benefit of the doubt), there was a very clear disconnect with a complete lack in any customer service initiative. Despite there being many staff on duty there were times when it was necessary to approach them to get service. Mixed up orders at dinner, even though there were only four people in total dining and there being four front of house staff on duty. Major problem is the coffee - Nescafe instant, or cappuccino with rather large lumps of an unkown substance in it (which resulted in the saucer being replaced rather than the coffee when we brought the mysterious chunks to the attention of the waiter). The stairs leading to the restaurant and gym/towel return facility are a death trap. Both are near the pool and they are very slippery when wet. We saw a number of people slip. When this happened to us (and one of us fell completely), the response was limited and when we suggested they mopped up the water we were only given a blank look. The website is rather misleading. To claim there are three restaurants is a bit of a stretch. There is the main restaurant and a airconditioned room (which is called the second restaurant/cafe). Both serve the same food from the same menu - and come from the same kitchen. Although our stay was over the weekend and we spent a large amount of time outdoors, we never once saw the pool bar open/operating. It doesn't appear to exist. Although the website and brouchures assure you a variety of drinks and cocktails can be obtained, none of these would be alcoholic (there is a no alcohol policy) - we failed to see any at all.The hotel is in a fantastic location (although footwear for the rocks are recommended), with guests able to swim with turtles only metres from the beach. This was a real highlight. If some things were attended to the hotel really could be great. All in all we still had a good weekend, but that was in a large part due to seeing the funny side of the various mishaps. Please note: if booking through booking.com although the reservation clearly states breakfast included this only applies during the weekend - and the hotel will not honour the free breakfast if your stay happens to fall on a week day.	
