	Dubai first timers	FANTASTIC hotel good location BUT NOT near the beaches great shopping and food outlets and Restaurants very close by in the FC mall, I was travelling with my wife to Dubai and we booked the Intercon FC using my priority club points as a Royal Ambassador member we was upgraded to a king Deluxe Suite room 1923 for the fist 2 nights. We then moved hotel to be near the Beaches for 5 nights and then moved back to the IFC for the last 2 nights of our holiday, this time we got a two bedroom deluxe suite 3013 on the 30th floor both times with Club lounge access. The staff could not do enough for you they was fantastic and very friendly to you, We are looking at going back next year and staying with the Intercon FC.	
Nov 24 2009 	Hyper modern chic	Stayed for a weekend and was really impressed with what was on offer.Staff were great (I am sure that door man is in the worlds top ten tallest people list) very friendly, professional and even a complete mess of a booking that was deleted off the system was sorted out professionally.Well situated for the serious shopper and golf lover with a massive shopping centre a realistic 2 minute walk away. Only had breakfast at the hotel as there are more than 90 restaurants and coffee shops in the adjacent mallAll the modern conveniences are there including electrical outlets in the room safe so you can charge your portables while it is locked away ie phone or ipod. Very easy to get from and to the airport at any time of the day	
Nov 15 2009 	Still great	This is our third or fourth time at this hotel. I have already reviewed it on tripadvisor twice. This review includes everything said in those other 2 reviews and the following:We were only able to book a deluxe room on such short notice. Everything was booked because of the Dubai Airshow 2009.We were honestly expecting the norm in terms of room and bathroom size. You know, the regular square/rectangle room with a bathroom usually at the entrance. The deluxe rooms are closer to suites than regular rooms in terms of size, decor and most importantly layout.There is a nice flat screen TV on the wall, mini bar and DVD player hidden in the cupboard/decor below the TV. Beautiful view of the Festival City Marina and Mall.Bathroom was also nice, especially with the natural light flowing in from the large window towards the tub. His and hers sink style.I have to add that customer service is top at this hotel. We had asked for a late checkout on the morning of the day we were supposed to checkout but that was not possible because of the event. A few hours later we got a call saying it was possible to extend checkout another 3 hours. We had not asked them to call us back if there was a chance of a late checkout. They must have noted it in the system and directly called us when they realized it was possible. Now thats great customer service. Other hotels should learn.Also notice the strawberries &amp; cream, fruit and carbonated Date drink complimentary as I mentioned it was a special anniversary for us.I should mention 2 things.First, the hotel has 2 main views, of the marina and the mall and of Dubai city. Both are great but the city is a little distant so its not a very immediate view of the skyline and the marina area (at time of writing) has a little construction going on so both are ok, depends on what you like.Second,I would urge you to opt for a club room (whether its a regular room or a suite) as the club lounge is just fantastic. Nice books/journals/magazines to skim while sipping on an espresso or fresh juice and snacks on the top floor.	
Nov 12 2009 	Supberb Service	If all hotels benchmarked against this hotel on service, there would be a few hotels out there. From the moment I arrived there car was waiting at with my guest sign in sheet and room assignment. There was always a very friendly ackknowlegdment of my presence. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The ONLY draw back for me was the dirty marks on the chaise lounge. The lounges are upholestered in a cream fabric that shows alot of dirt and there were spill marks that I felt that could have been cleaned.Other than that it is a great hotel!	
Nov 12 2009 	Just love it here	Have just got back from my 3rd visit to this hotel and have to say that each time the level of service meets my expectations. Check in was excellent very efficient and no queues what so ever. Was offered an upgrade to a 1 bed room suite at a really competative price as we had stayed at the hotel several times in the last 2 months. Great room on the 19th Floor, which had a massive lounge area.Our last visit was during Ramadam, when the Anise restaurant was closed, so it was great to have it re-opened. This restaurant is just fantastic one of the best around and amazing choice.Didnt bother to have a room rate which included breakfast as didnt really have time to take advantage, being so close the mall preferred to nip tgo Whittards to grab a coffee.The pool area is great and all the pool guys remembered us, first days was busy by the pool so they moved beds up to the level between the Intercontinental and Crowne Plaza. Snack food by the pool is good value and good sized portioned. Cesaer salad and club sandwich are both worth a try.Only negative point is teh charges which the spa charge and the hotel car service. If you ask for a local taxi it is a lot cheaper but this isnt offered unless you ask. Also dont like how large hotels have such high charges for the internet feel that this should be included FOC	
Nov 12 2009 	Fell in love with the brand	- Room was superb and amazing- Loved the excellent view of the pool and marina from the room- Loved the bath tub and shower- Breakfast spread has alot of choice, but its not really to die for- The location is a bit off, nearer to airport but faraway from city centre or any place with activity- Nearby mall was ok - People were friendly, exceptionally responsive, especially the business centre guy- Amazing hotel, but not amazing location- Overall, amazing and made me fell in love with the Intercontinental brand	
Nov 5 2009 	Fascinating!	I was actually hesitated when I booked my room at this hotel (King Bed Executive Room) .. and this mainly was because of some of the negative reviews that this hotel has here on TripAdvisor! I didn't find any of the complaints here to be true .. especially about the reception and the check-in delays .. they were really fast and polite with me ..I found the hotel to be very professional and on a very high standards ..The room was spacious and elegant .. and generally has anything that can be found in any 5-stars hotel ..It's true that there are some picks that I have, but even those have not affected my overall opinion in the hotel ..One thing is the location .. if you're going to be using taxis or you'd like to be in the middle of action, this might not be the best choice for you .. as it's in a still-developing area ..Another thing was the car valet .. they would take up to 15 minutes for my car to be ready .. a little bit inconvenient ..One small thing that is not important .. but I didn't expect to find it in such a hotel .. the shower door was very noisy when opening and closing it .. it seems that there is something wrong with the installation ..The last thing is the night club that is in the hotel just next door .. the Crowne Plaza .. music was too loud that I couldn't sleep (although I was in 12th floor, I could hear it!) .. but when I told the reception they immediately offered me to change my room .. but I didn't want to move .. and thankfully the music stopped after about 20 minutes .. and that was it..I haven't tried any of the restaurants .. but my experience with the in-room dining was really good ..	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We cannot fault this hotel rooms clean &amp; large and fantastic bathroom with City views.Staff helpful.A bit out the way but if you get to nearest monerail station by taxi then use monerail.Atlantis water park well worth a visit + Dubai Mall.	
Oct 23 2009 	Very pleasant with some glitches - but please avoid the hair salon at all costs!	This is a pleasant and convenient stopover for business travelers with a bit of free time. The location connected to a shopping mall with a lot of basic shops makes it easy to tick off a few errands, catch a movie, or grab an inexpensive bite to eat without the hassle of searching for a cab. The rooms are pleasant with an interesting modern-ish decor in neutral colors. I had a non-Creek view, but thought it was quite nice, especially at night when the lights were on in the city. Loved the big picture window in the bathroom by the tub. As with every Dubai hotel I've ever stayed in, I found that the service often had little errors - bathrobe not replaced by the cleaners, a promised return phone call from the salon/spa (when the line was busy as I was trying to book an appointment) never materialised, a room service order was delivered with different contents than those described on the menu. That being said, these problems were all quickly remedied with a pleasant smile, and if you're a reasonably good natured person they're not the sort of thing that will mar your stay. Even the best hotels make the occasional mistakes, I mention them here only because I experienced rather a lot of these little errors, and it made me wonder if the staff training and/or the service operation is fully up to the standard you would expect at the rates the hotel charges.I did not especially care for the pool. I visited it for a few hours on a Friday and found that it was fairly small, and a bit overrun by harassed nannies and their overindulged (and very very loud) Emirati charges. That being said, I did notice that the pool attendants were really kind to the children and quite good to them, even when they had to offer a few reprimands for the inevitable running around the deck sort of thing that all excited kids do when they're having fun at the pool. So it might be a nice afternoon for families traveling with children.A word about the beauty salon. It's actually a part of the spa, which I suppose for some people would be attractive because it's certainly a pleasant and glamorous space. But I actually found it annoying. I suppose if you're in vacation mode the very very relaxed pace of services would be enjoyable and might feel indulgent. But I was just trying to fit in a few grooming services on a day off during some extended business travel, and I found the pacing unbearable. The young women who gently and sloooooowly washed my hair, for example, was taking so long to comb it out that I finally just asked her to hand me the comb and did it myself. I was in urgent need of a cut and highlights and so took a chance on the services, a choice I absolutely would NOT recommend to anyone else. I was quite explicit in indicating that I wanted highlights and the shade I wanted, but the young man who was performing the services initially said &quot;I think I will do single color.&quot; I had to correct him, quite firmly, to ensure I got the process that I had booked. When he completed the color, I found to my horror that my hair was about 4 shades lighter than it ever has been, and certainly much lighter than I had requested. When I expressed that the results were not what I had requested, he responded that it &quot;wasn't that dark&quot; and that he liked it. I responded that it was indeed much much lighter than I had requested, and that while it was kind of him to say it looked nice, I was interested in pleasing my own tastes, not his. I told him he needed to correct it, and he tried to avoid doing it that evening. I politely insisted, and he did comply, in the end with good grace. But the whole ordeal took three hours, which would have been fine, I suppose, had the magazine selection been better. The cut itself was unremarkable, though a bit sloppy. I'll need to have it cleaned up when I eventually return home. The price for all of this was not inexpensive (about $150 more than I usually pay for full hair services), and so I have to say that I absolutely would NOT recommend the salon to new customers who don't think they'll have time to have errors corrected.	
Oct 21 2009 	Out of this world	This is one of the only hotels in the world I couldn't any fault with. I've read some of the previous reviews which call it &quot;OK&quot; - all I can say is that those reviewers must have very, very high standards. As I've said in previous reviews, I'm quite a fussy traveller. I like quiet rooms with great service - and I have to say I got it in spades at this hotel.Check-in was at 03.00 which is never pleasant but all went without a hitch. Were shown to our room which was a good size. We were in 1603 so were quite high up. the elevators are not directly opposite the rooms so noise wasn't an issue for us. Beds were very comfortable. Bathroom was outstanding - kind of a wet room with shower and bath. The bath is fed from the ceiling which is quite funky. Shower was good and selection of shampoos and gels etc was excellent.Breakfast was in the Anise restaurant - quite pricey if you don't have in included in your room rate. Quality was second to none. Of all the hotels I've stayed in, this was the best breakfast. Had everything from fruit, freshly cooked eggs etc right through to salad, sushi and octopus. Service was wonderful.Have to compliment the hotel on the quality of it's service. Things like being recognised on the second day and having my coffee brought as I like it without having to ask. Everyone from the waiters, check-in staff, cleaners, pool-staff and conceierge were superb.Pool area is on the fourth floor on a deck area. Not a huge pool but certainly really enjoyable. Has a fully equipped gym and a spa - though the spa prices aren't for the faint-hearted.All in all an excellent hotel and one I would highly recommend	
Oct 16 2009 	Dubai	I had an amazing time at the InterContinental Dubai, the staff was attentive and the room was very well appointed. 	
Oct 6 2009 	For Dubai - Average Hotel Not an IC Quality Service	Before we even arrived at the hotel, we emailed both the Spa and the Concierge in order to secure treatments, transfers and a restaurant reservation. The Spa didn't bother to mail back and the turn around time with the concierge was about 3 days! In which time we had made the restaurant booking ourselves! We did manage to arrange the airport transfer, but sadly no car turned up on arrival. We are IC Ambassador Members (both of us), so we were very suprised even at the outset of the low service level at the front of house. Still, we tried to keep an open mind.When we arrived at 545am, I knew we couldn't check in THAT early, so I requested a half day rate/reservation to enable us to check in immediately and get some sleep and to avoid hanging around in reception for half a day! The front desk assistant, when he eventually understood what we were requesting told us to sit down for 30minutes to allow the computer to adjust to the right day (appparently the system was half a day behind the rest of Dubai). So we waited........ and we asked the Concierge what time the restauarnt opened for breakfast, he said 6am, so we thought great we can go there! Only to be told on arrival at the restaurant that it was 630am. Ho hum......so after the 30 minutes, back to the desk we went to get our room! Only to be asked to wait another 10 minutes as the computer was still behind! I was getting cheesed off at this point and I was thinking that the place was more Fawlty Towers than IC. Anyway after 10 minutes back we went and computer was still &quot;saying no&quot;, by which point I threw my toys out of the pram and complained. Funny how a hissy can make the computer say Yes!! Anyway at last we were on our way!The room was lovely, albeit so many gismo's such as ill placed light switches, flushes and blind controls that it took us a while to get settled. One cannot fault the cleanliness of the rooms nor the size. But for all this, the view out of the window is awful. Its like overlooking a disused, decomissioned Industrial Estate. You can see, in the distance, the Dubai Creek highrise. But the view can't help but make you wonder why your not staying downtown Dubai and Why the IC is in no man's land!!! Its a great location for an airport hotel and if your travelling to Dubai just to shop, Festival City Mall is attached......but we didn't go to Dubai to go to IKEA, the Body Shop, Marks and Spencer or Yo Sushi!!!The rest of our stay was average, the breakfast was OK, the IC lounge was OK, a very limited selection of canapes when we visited. The front of house continued to amaze me still. There were alwasy about 10 porters but getting a cab was always a giggle and the staff didn't know who was first! In fact one night after a 10 minute wait at the concierge desk my husand was VERY unhappy as the concierge eventually put the phone down and addressed a man who barged in front of my husband a moment before!During our stay, we also visited Reflets, the food was very good, we paid about £350 for the two of us. We have eaten in several Michelin restaurants and this was in our Top 10 but not our Top 5, we both thought the food was delicious but it didn't Wow us. Which was a shame. By the way, Friday Brunch at the Fairmount was OUTSTANDING, we do recommend this!!All in all, I love IC's, I try and stay in IC's where I can because i have always had fabulous service, for instance the IC Amsterdam is truely amazing as is Geneva, New York and Mumbai. But Dubai didn't do it today. The front of house and the location really lets it down. If your off to Dubai for pleasure, stay in the heart of the action, it's more fun and its prettier. If you looking for an airport hotel or a conference this will tick your boxes.	
Oct 4 2009 	one of the best hotels that i have ever stayed.	only good things about this marvellous hotel.you have to stay there to experience the luxury and relaxation of this hotel.it is located very conviniently next to dubai festival city mall with which is connected with a corridor. the lobby and all publc spaces are large,impressive and luxurious.the rooms are great-very large with everything you need plus a window in the bathroom with fantastic views.all the staff is very professional and friendly and due to them the hotel becomes even better.nothing is too much for them.the reflets restaurant is a lifetime experience.for a first short visit to dubai this is was the perfect place for us.definatelly one of the best city hotels i have ever stayed.	
Sep 22 2009 	"Press this button for anything you want"	Stayed 12-18th Sept. Hotel excellently placed for airport, only 5 minutes in a taxi. Downside to that it was quite far to most other places, but taxis generally cheap.Room was amazing, clean and very spacious. Service was good all round, concierge was most useful I've used. Had access to club lounge, this was great - all the food was excellent and the complimentary evening drinks made the holiday. The service in the lounge was excellent, a special mention to Dinesh as he personified service with a smile.Pool area excellent.Would stay there again if visiting Dubai.	
Sep 5 2009 	Not bad	A bit far from the main places of interest. Very clean with helpful staff, but they could do with smiling occasionally! Adequate food in the restaurants but very pricey with sterling so weak. Lovely pool area but again very pricey snack bar. The pool staff were exceptionally helpful and the sun beds and towels supplied were the best I have ever had. The wet room was particularly good, once you had worked out how to use the various taps!	
Aug 31 2009 	Beautiful hotel excellent room and great service	I would highly recommend the Intercontinental Dubai Festival City. I travel through Dubai once every couple months and I always stay here, even though this is the first time that I have reviewed the hotel. It is nice and classy, with a good location next to the marina and a mall, with awesome customer service and quality rooms.	
Aug 30 2009 	One of the best Luxury Hotels in Dubai	This hotel is located near Dubai International Airport, and its part of Dubai Festival City, which consist of golf course, luxury hotels, luxury homes, and big mall.The rooms are spacious and luxury.Some of the rooms have a nice marina view or creek view.The best thing about the hotels is that it’s directly connected to very big mall, which have a hypermarket, cinema, and a lot of restaurants and shops.Decently I’ll come back here again and again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great but not excellent	Stayed there last July 2008 for 3 nights stay, we arrived 6:30 AM via emirates since we are PC member we were given the room in less than 30 mins. Prior to our stay there we mentioned we will be needing a cot since we got a 1 year old son. When we checken in the room it was fantastic but dismayed because we have to wait for the cot since they said it is fully booked. Breakfast was fab you got a lot to choose from, from pancakes to oriental bf, i was even surprised to see that they are serving pork as well. Night time came since we were knackered from the flight we decided to stay and order our food which is quite frankly it will just take you 30 mins since we ordered steak and mash and drinks it took us 2 hrs!!! It was really appalling, I have to ring room service couple of times to follow up. So after we ate obviously you have to ring so they could collect the stuff but another hour and a half no one came. It was already 11:30 at night someone rang the doorbell and my i was half asleep so not really happy.Other than that everything went smoothly, staff was helpful, although you could really see that they are more attentive when you are an Arab because some of the staff were arab speaking and quite difficult to communicate. We are coming to Dubai this coming 29th of Dec and we have now booked with their neighbour hotel which is crowne plaza as most of the people we have met during our last stay said we will get more for our money and the service is impeccable. I guess we just have to wait and see and hope that they surpass our expectations.Perhaps I could recommend this hotel to romantic getaway but not when you got kids who got routine since the room service is appalling.	
Aug 24 2009 	Opulent but fantastic	My partner and I went to the Interncontinental for my 30th birthday. The hotel is a testament to what you can do if money is no object.The rooms were great, with very comfortable rooms, and a lot of spaceThe spa services were very good, but obviously all massages are same gender, which may not be to everyones taste.There is a terrific swimming pool, and the gym is worth the trip to Dubai alone!The top floor has a hidden bar, which has a great stock of good wines and beautiful night time views.Staff were, as you might expect from Dubai, exceptional.	
Aug 8 2009 	I vote it best hotel in Dubai	I have stayed here many times. Every time in a one-bedroom suite. Gives the kids a lot of space to run around. Very trendy and modern.Location is excellent, attached to a mall with many many food outlets, cinema, shopping, gym, hypermarket, IKEA, you name it.I will always stay at the same hotel in Dubai, I don't even want to try out other hotels when traveling with family.	
Jul 26 2009 	The InterCon Experience	Trying to see new places in the old places, I live in the UAE but went on a weekend escape to the InterCon festival city in dubai. The place felt far away and had everything needed; within the hotel fair swiming pool and good spa services and gym, but what is nice you can use the Crown Plaza hotel facilities also. the restaurant in the lobby is fabelous. In regard of the rooms we stayed in a two bedroom suite where you feel as staying in a metrpolitan atmosphere with alots of space and an extra beautiful view.A shopping mall with and artificial canal within is just a two minutues tunnel walk from the hotel.I recommend this place and ask about the 2727 room it is sposed to be extra romantic with its in the bedroom bathtub.	
Jul 15 2009 	prepare to get pampered	We stayed at this wonderful hotel for 4 nights. This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The service could not have been better. In fact you will find the staff actually going out of their way to delight you. In the lobby there are hordes of porters who come to your every beck and call. The rooms are excellent. try to book a room with the view of the marina, its spectacular. The rooms are modern with all the amenities you can think of. The bathroom has a tub which opens to a spectacular view outside.The swiming pool is on the 4th floor and is separated from the end through a glass enclosure.Breakfast was included in our price and was well spread with choice of continental, indian, arabic and chinese dishes. My wife tried the spa and says that it was great. Festival city mall is internally connected to this hotel and we got some free vouchers to spend there. We also tried the bar and other restaurents and the food there was excellent. The best part about this hotel is the attention given to children. we had our 3 year old daughter with us and she was offered complimentary coupons for pizza and snacks all the day, throughout our stay.This hotel is located a little away from the city centre, so you will have to use the taxi often. Nonetheless its worth the price and i can assure you that the service and the ambience will more than make up for that.....PS...... even Paris Hilton prefers this hotel....she was staying there when we checked in!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Festival city - full of festivities	Intercontinental has never been so good before. IC Dubai is a fantastic place to be in. The rooms are quite large and spacious. Being a Priority club helped me to get a room with better view overlooking the helipad and the steamer junction. Rooms absolutely clean and service prompt and cool. The food served was amazing and a whole variety of cuisine to choose from. What’s more I could manage to get Dal Chawal ( Rice and Lentils) which was not a part of the menu.All was well except the front office when we had to depart, we had checked out and headed for breakfast, which was complementary and the staff refused the complementary breakfast and insisted that we pay for the breakfast. This was outrageous and bizarre - May be they need to reconsider such front office decisions which is not in favor of winning customers.	
May 13 2009 	Wow!! Fantastic new hotel and lots to do	We stayed at the InterCon in Festival City for 3 days. Close to airport, 10 mins drive. 15 - 20 mins away from Deira and Bur Dubai, but taxi ride is cheap... about $10-20 if I remember right... nothing outrageous anyways. The hotel is brand spanking new. Excellent location, views, facilities, pool, gym, restaurants, bar. etc. ANd the bonus is that it is connected to an excellent mall (very expensive and designer outlets mainly) which is fabulous for window shopping, walking around, kids activities, free Venetian boatride in a long canal, superb restaurants that are reasonably priced. It is also connected to the adjoining Crowne Plaza hotel, which is also an excellent hotel with absolutely stunning rooms done in straight lines, zen, leather, wood, and veneer. Massive glass windows in rooms of both hotels from which the view of the harbour is fantastic. Ask for the room that faces the skyline across the Dubai Creek.Service is for the most part very very good. Make sure you go to a happy face at the front desk as a couple of people looked bored of their jobs, but just avoid those sloppy revengeful faces. 95% of the staff is very good. Crowne Plaza also has one of those rare Belgian beer bars. Superb beers, and fabulous dining experience on the outdoor patio overlooking the still waters, with gas lamp heating in the winter. Intercon has a superb bar also with nice outdoor seating venue. Only downside is that there are a couple of pay girls working the bar, but 3-4 every night. WHich is not too much of an irritance at all as it is very discreet and not as bad as Hyatt, Radisson etc other hotels located downtown. It is the Dubai phenomenon, so have to turn a blind eye to that as long as it is not too in your face. Other than that, excellent property, new, clean, well maintained, good service levels, and child friendly. Good for a family visit. Hotel restaurants are very expensive, so just walk for 5 mins to Festival City Mall and eat there. About 15 restaurants of all cuisine types, and another 15 fast food eateries plus 5 coffee houses. IKEA and TOys R Us have good shopping deals sometimes, so enjoy. Make sure you shop on the internet for a good deal. You should be able to get rooms here for $100 - $150 per night for double room as of April 2009, so don't pay much more at either InterCon or Crowne Plaza Festival City. Then its excellent value. Enjoy...	
May 12 2009 	fabulous room with great view	Stayed for four nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is brand new. Just opened a little more than a year ago. It has access to the festival city shopping mall, which is located just behind the hotel. I was in room 1018 with wonderful views over the creek, including Sheikh Zayed road with the Burj Dubai. Enjoyed breakfast at Anise restaurant (with show kitchens) as well as breakfast in Madeleine's Bistro. On the 26th floor is the Champagne Bar which offers a beautiful view over the creek and the city. The pool is ideal to swim laps and the fitness center has nice creek views as well. The Spa looked very inviting as well, but I did not have the chance to test it.	
Apr 18 2009 	Condensing the best of Dubai with great service.	Most (classy) hotels in Dubai get it right. Better customer service than anywhere else, staff at your beck and call, amazing food, etc. The Intercon delivers on all levels and more. From the moment you walk through the door, the staff make everything as smooth as possible.Fabulous location with great views overlooking the marina, Dubai creek and Dubai's ever changing skyline (including a fantastic sunset view of the Burj Dubai, tallest building in the world). Plus a corridor connects the lobby of the hotel to Festival Centre, one of Dubai's best shopping malls.We had a standard room, which was anything but. It had the WOW factor. Very chic design, unusual but clever use of space and lots of buttons and gadget to keep the tech nerd happy.We ordered fish n chips and a wagyu beef burger from room service at Midnight and it was delivered within 20mins. We also ate at Anise for the all-you-can-eat/drink Friday brunch. Now that is an experience!Gold stars to the concierge service, too. Friendly, smart, knowledgeable guys.	
Apr 15 2009 	Very good business hotel	Excellent rooms, very good decor. Good room service menu. A little far away from the main city but getting a taxi is not an issue. Highly recommended for business travellers	
Apr 13 2009 	Splendid Isolation	To avoid jet lag I broke my trip to the far east both directions in Dubai.Arrived at Intercontinental Festival City around 0300 and was quickly and courteously checked in. I had booked a club level room with a view of the creek and Dubai skyline; spectacular!The room is uber-modern with an vaguely Japanese style to it. Bathroom is remarkable as previously described. The bed is fabulously comfy. Despite this had a fitful nap.In the morning I took breakfast in the club lounge which was elegant and almost deserted. Took a tour of the hotel and its adjoining sister Crowne Plaza. Beautiful design and great amenities. After I went to the adjacent Festival mall which is also pleasant and almost deserted. As a side note, the heliport is located here for aerial sightseeing trips of Dubai. Maybe next time. On my return went to the pool to find it drained and told to use the Crowne Plaza instead. Wanted to try the glass bottomed pool for the novelty. Other than the hotels and mall there isn't (yet) much else locally. The metro is still under construction and is on the other side of the creek so everything is a cab ride away.Later I enjoyed the afternoon tea and cocktails in the lounge. Had dinner at Crowne Plaza where all the action seemed to be.To summarize, worth the expense and away from the hordes in Jumeira or the Marina but shh! Don't tell anyone.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Hotel - Wonderful Service	I stayed at this hotel for three nights. From the moment I arrived the staff were extremely helpful and very eager to please. Both concierge and reception staff were very knowledgeable and extremely professional. All staff whether they be housekeeping or security always wished me good day and were wearing a smile which was nice. Quite often 5 star hotels can be somewhat impersonal but this was the exact opposite.The hotel is located only a couple of minutes walk to the Festival City shopping centre however to go anywhere else in Dubai e.g. Diera or Jumeriah you will need to catch a taxi. Taxis are however very reasonably priced and will cost only about 30-40 dirhams (10USD).The room was ultra modern and always cleaned impeccably. Fresh fruit in the room was a nice touch.I ate in a couple of the hotel restaurants and they were delicious and quite reasonable compared to the prices other hotels charge. In saying that there are plenty of restaurants both in the Festival City shopping centre and just outside. The next time I'm in Dubai I will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Hotel of Cheats and Thugs	Hotel charged me AED 170 for airport pickup without prior telling that there would be additional charge for the so-called limousine personalised pickup. I protested this with the management but nothing moved. A few days after I was back in my hometown, someone from the hotel charged my credit card against a fake entry of AED 1,300. I've never seen a bunch of thieves and thugs in hospitality industry.	
Mar 26 2009 	Design business hotel	We spent 2 night there and everything was perfect. Rooms are well decorated as well Anise restaurant with wooden elements all arount ,mixed with very modern touches.t is a bit far away from the &quot;center&quot; (Burj Al Arab) but taxi is cheap and very easy to find.In case you travel with your girl friend or wife probably will by annoyed by all these ladies who look for ... customers in the bar after 8 o'clock in the evening.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great Hotel	This is 5th trip to Dubai and first time staying in Intercontinental Festival City.ReceptionVery well trained staff and accommodating. Arrived at 4:00 a.m. on the 15th and were given room at 9:00 a.m. (I didn't book on the 14th). At least, they tried to accommodate me for very early check in. Very spacious lobby area. Love the fresh flowers all over the lobby. RoomVery well appointed. Nice, spacious with modern decor. Like the concept. Agreed with the previous views on the wasted space once you entered the room. I used the space to put my shoes. The bathroom was superb! Fantastic view. Totally confused with the shower knob on the first day but get used to it after that. You have to walk to adjust your water pressure/temperature. The breakfast @ AniseThe same spread for 5 days and they changed some items (about 4 main items) on the last day. Maybe they rotate the menu every Thursday. The Phrata was very good. The staff some of them do have smiling face but some don't. Excellent choice of freshly squeezed juice and you can ordered your own juice at the counter. Additional breakfast will costs you 145Dirham. Too expensive LocationVery well connected to Festival City Mall through an air conditioned bridge linking the hotel lobby. Good mall, very crowded on Thursday and Friday especially if there is events going on. OthersThe pool was under renovation but guests can access the Crowne Plaza's pool. The gym was opened 24 hrs. Extensive machines. The sauna/steam room was separated between male/female and open until 11 pm only.	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent	For my stay I booked an executive floor (club lounge) in pre-payment. This enabled me to enjoy a very attractive rate. The rate enabled me to enjoy a pick-up and drop at the airport and also enabled me to check-in the hotel while driving to it. (great feature)The hotel is conveniently located at 10 minutes drive from the airport at Business Bay crossing. From here the convention center, Dubai Mall and other locations on the other site of the bay are easily accessible without traffic jam. Next to the hotel you have a shopping center with several restaurants.The hotel itself is perfect. The rooms are spacious and nicely decorated in a modern western style. My room was very spacious. The hotel has several excellent restaurants and a great gym. The sauna was a bit too small for the hotel and it also was dirty during my visit. (this was the only negative element of my stay).On my next trip I will certainly come back to this hotel.	
Mar 5 2009 	Good this one free on points	Hotel was one month old when we were there.Loved that we were conected to mall gave us many opritunities to find cheap eats. We were not inpressed by the water falling from the ceiling into the bath tub (It was supposed to do that) it was novel but not very practical as it made lots of noise and soaked the area. Some jerk had already etched his name into the shower stall. The view was killer though and the pool was a cool spot to hang out in the heat. Close to the airport it would probaly be a great business hotel.	
Mar 4 2009 	Fantastic hotel. Period.	This place is awesome. I can't rave on about it enough.The rooms are fantastic, and although it may be a bit expensive, it is worth every cent and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 24 2009 	Good Business Hotel not so good for Leisure	Situated on the airport side of the Creek, on a clear day the hotel has great views over the towers &amp; building projects of Dubai, however it is some distance from the hub of Dubai, the main malls and the beaches. There's a small mall adjacent which meets basic needs and offers some lower cost dining options, but otherwise most of Dubai's attractions are a drive or taxi-ride away. The hotel is nicely appointed and met most of my husband's business needs' however as a leisure visitor, I thought the pool area was fairly dull and the choice of restaurants a bit small. Breakfast in Anise was a nightmare. Lots of staff running around ineffectually - but then that is Dubai. Very poor value for money. Bistro Madeleine however was lovely, excellent food, charming staff. All in all, a good place for the business man, but there is more luxury to be had in Dubai for the same money, especially if you want a bit of R &amp; R	
Feb 19 2009 	Fabulous hotel	My wife and I spent valentines weekend in this hotel and absolutely loved it. Everything from the friendliness of staff to the lovely room were spot on. Great little touches include the elemis toiletries and a &quot;gift&quot; at turndown. The positives are definitely the decor, the outside bar, pool area and its proximity to 300+ shops including a food court. Some negatives would have to include the high tariff (£320 per night and £6 for beer) but overall this place is excellent.	
Feb 18 2009 	Perfect case of style over function in some ways	I stayed at the Intercontinental Dubai Festival City for 2 nights on business at the end of January 2009. I was upgraded from single to double on arrival. The receptionist was very friendly but seemed very jumpy, and her English wasn't as good as you might expect for a front desk position in a major hotel chain, but we muddled through. An example of her slightly scatty approach was that I had to ask where the elevators where to the room, as she seemed to totally forget I might want to know that. As I found out, the elevators are round 2 corners, so they are not visible from the front desk. Also, unusually, I was not escorted to my room and had nobody to show me its features, something that is standard in all reasonable hotels these days? My bags arrived quickly though.The hotel itself has only been open a matter of months, so as you would expect it is visually impressive. The lobby is spacious with lots of marble, and there were some very uncomfortable but very trendy chairs. The whole hotel concept is very modern, and the room was no different. The decor had a brown/cream/white motif, with lots of plastics and man-made materials. It felt a bit like being in an Ikea showroom.I was left with the distinct feeling that the designers had tried a bit too hard to be modern and trendy, with style seemingly overcoming function across the whole room.The bathroom is split into 3 distinct sections. On the left behind a frosted glass door is the toilet and bidet. Centre is the sink. On the right behind a clear glass door and wall is the bath and shower. The entrance from the bedroom area is sliding door opposite the sink. A short corridor runs from the sink area to a sliding door that opens in the very small hall area by the entrance door. The corridor featured some shelves with ornaments, and an extremely shallow wardrobe containing a bathrobe and slippers. Seemed to be a lot of wasted space there. There was a bigger and more functional wardrobe in the hall area near the desk/table.The weirdest aspect was the shower and bath area. It is a “wet room” - i.e. all tiled, with no shower cubicle or curtain. That's fine, but it struck me as pretty weird that the controls for the shower were 5 feet across the other side of the room, so if you want to adjust the water flow or temperature, you'll need to take a trip across the room out of the water flow. Even weirder was the fact that when you switched on the bath taps, the water dropped about 8 feet from the ceiling into the bath, making a considerable noise and splashing a fair amount of water about. There was tons of hot water and the bath was great, but if you are having a long soak and fancy topping up the water once you are in, you’ll need telescopic arms or you have to get out of the bath, as the taps are about 4 feet away next to the shower controls, which sort of defeats the object of having a relaxing soak. These things aren't the end of the world I acknowledge, but it just makes me think that the designers were trying just that bit too hard to be distinctive and trendy. You can achieve style along with function in my view, and when it comes to a hotel, you don‘t need or want gimmicks - just put the water controls where a normal human being wants them please!A lot of business people stay at the hotel. The “office area” was a round plastic table with a very trendy chair, and the second chair was a low plastic mushroom-shaped stool. As someone who needed to use this area, I found it pretty useless and very uncomfortable. Again, style over substance. The bed was OK though, and the flat screen TV was sensibly placed on the wall at the foot of the bed. The light system was something of a mystery for my whole stay. Figuring out which button actually operated which of the many lights and lamps in the room proved to be a case of trial and error. The hotel has a good location in Festival City, and you can access the adjacent huge shopping mall through a walkway straight from the hotel. There are plenty of restaurants and fast food joints there, plus a lot of very empty shops with overpriced luxury goods - the economic recession is certainly starting to hit Dubai.I didn’t eat at any of the hotel’s restaurants, but the bar on the ground floor was OK and there was a terrace overlooking Dubai Creek. There were a couple of pretty obvious hookers there both nights I was in the bar, and you would have thought the hotel would do a better job of keeping them out. Drinks weren‘t cheap. There is also a bar on something like the 26th floor, giving a nice view. Housekeeping was not the greatest. When I arrived the small marble table by the minibar cabinet had a sticky substance in the middle of it. It was still there on checking out 2 days later. The receptionist at checkout was efficient and pleasant.So, a decent enough place, but the designers just tried too hard and left their common sense at home on a couple of things in my opinion. I wouldn’t mind staying there again, but there are better hotels in Dubai which are probably cheaper too. One thing this place has that absolutely nobody else can compete with however is the world’s tallest doorman! The guy is immense, and the checkout receptionist told me that he used to be in the Guinness Book of World Records, and he is now the world’s 3rd tallest man.	
Jan 23 2009	Great Hotel except....	This is indeed a lovely hotel and I agree with the positive comments others have made. Staff are friendly, the food is excellent, and the rooms are nicely designed with great views.However unfortunately on our recent stay we had to put up with having only luke warm water in two of our rooms, meaning having a hot bath was not possible. The staff and management were apologetic and admitted that they are having problems in the hotel, but not having hot water in a five star hotel is just not acceptable.For better value for money I would recommend staying at the Crowne Plaza next door (same group) which has access to all the same facilities and most importantly hot water and a huge bath.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Hotel! Enjoyed every minute.	My wife and I enjoyed a wonderful 5 night vacation at the Intercontinental in October 2008. It was the Eid holidays and the hotel was fully booked, but this presented no problems for the staff who were magnificent at all times and the hotel never seemed overcrowded.We had a standard room but this was high quality, spacious and very modern. Big, comfortable bed; cool bathroom fittings and a great view overlooking Dubai Marina and helipad (Soundproofing is excellent - absolutely no noise helicopter noise).Dining in Bistro Madeleine and Belgian Pub (in the interconnecting Crowne Plaza) was excellent and, in terms of cost, good value when compared to other 5* Dubai hotels. One complaint - the Vista Lounge cocktails were on the stingy side of small.Festival City Shopping Mall offers 500 shops and the waterside Festival Walk has bars, restaurants and a great fireworks display when we stayed.Large, excellent equipped fitness centre with cool outdoor glass bottom pool perched 6 storeys above the Dubai Marina.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel....	The reviews are accurate, and this is a great hotel.I would struggle to add comments not alreay made so here are a few different to those ......The hotel gym is fantastic, and has all the kit which is brand new and likely to be better than yours that you use. the sauna and steam room was really hot, not just warm like some hotels.The breakfast choice is mind blowing, and the food is always extremely fresh.We stayed in a standard room ,and couldn't fault it.I would highly recommend this hotel as a 5 star property.	
Dec 28 2008 	Loved it!!!!!!!!	My husband and I just got back from a two night stay at the Intercontinental Festival City Dubai and we truly enjoyed our stay. This is probably one of the nicest hotels we’ve ever stayed at in Dubai and elsewhere and it sure deserves its five stars. The rooms are beautifully decorated, spacious and very clean., the bathrooms and shower are very contemporary and get a lot of light from the large window above the bath tub. The hotel facilities such as the pool, spa restaurants and bars are all wonderful. The pool was very clean, a little small but the pool staff were all very attentive and have a way of controlling the traffic so it does not get too crowded. The hotel restaurants are very good; we tried the French and the breakfast buffet and were very pleased by both. The bar on the 26th floor is very chic and offers a gorgeous view of the city. We also dined at the Belgian Café which is in the Crown Plaza attached to Intercon and we can’t wait to go back. As many reviewers have written the location of the hotel is great, it is attached to a large shopping mall, Dubai Marina that was very convenient for us as we did not want to drive around the city much. Overall I give this hotel the Five Star it deserves and we would definitely go back.	
Nov 21 2008 	Wonderful hotel yet a bit misplaced (but great shopping nearby!)	Stayed at this hotel for two nights during our honeymoon. I must say this hotel is great, really! Almost flawless!The location isn't to die for... A little bit out of reach, Festival City is almost in the middle of the desert. Yet, the Festival City shopping complex is huge and diverse enough to cater to almost every taste! I found it to be much better than the Mall of the Emirates (wish I had been at Wafi too, but had no time!).The hotel enjoys - anyway - wonderful views over the Creek and (fog permitting) on both Deira and Sheikh Zayed Rd. Not bad, really!We visited during Ramadan, and despite the fact that the hotel is brand new, they were already renovating the swimming pool; we could access and use the Crowne Plaza's one anyway, even though it was tedious to go all the way down to the lobby, change hotel, and then up again to the pool. This is the only flaw I found (together with a less than perfect pizza I had in room).The room layout is great (please refer to the pictures). Very modern in style, yet not minimalist. The bathroom was great, as it was the unusual bathtube (with a big window for a wonderful view - reminded me of the Ritz-Carlton Millenia in Singapore!).Great bathrobes, good bathroom amenities and nice robes complemented the room, as well as a much needed ironing board!The plasma tv, completed with dvd player, was gorgeous, as it the ipod docking station. And not to mention the stilish and nice reading lamps on top of the bed! A nice touch, really!Service was prompt and cordial (we got our never missing chocolate cake in room), and so was the staff at the front desk.The hotel's restaurants looked great, even though we didn't try them because we took advantage of the nearby shopping complex to sample a bit of world food. Anyway, the main, buffet restaurant was closed for renovation. What a pity, I bet the breakfast was spectacular there!The SPA looked super great, very new. But again, we didn't try it.Even if I'm sure I'm missing something I can tell you this hotel is super, and if it won't be in Dubai's top20 on TripAdvisor in 1 year I would be very suprised! Rating: A	
Nov 17 2008 	One of the best hotels ever	We stayed in the Intercontinental Hotel Dubai for a 7 day break in April. This being my 12th trip to Dubai since 2001 was probably the best hotel I have stayed in Dubai. The service and the food was exceptional and staff always happy to help (like in most Dubai hotels). The rooms were spacious with flat screen tv and dvd player, the ensuite bathroom overlooked the marina so you could have soak in the bath watching the sun go down. The bar was very contemporary in style and again having open air seating area overlooking the marina and creek was a lovely way to end an evening sipping away at the fabulous cocktails on offer.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Hotel!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 days in Feb 2008. The hotel is close to the airport which was great when we arrived. The staff was very attentive and immediately upgraded us to a deluxe room. The rooms are ultra modern and very comfortable. This hotel is attached to a great mall with a food court and good shopping so that was a bonus! Great shopping and a mix of fast food and sit down restaurants to eat at.The breakfast buffet is absolutely amazing and a great way to kick start the day. The selection was amazing and well worth it.I would suggest catching a cab from the shopping centre rather than the hotel as they are hotel cabs therefore have an extra surcharge. The hotel is about 25mins away from jumeira beach and mall of the emirates so wasn't too bad but not ideally located.All in all, an excellent hotel to stay at with great service.	
Oct 27 2008 	Simply stunning	The style, elegance and service found in this hotel are quite exceptional. The staff made every effort, in a friendly and charming way, to make us enjoy each aspect of our stay. We loved our room which was well designed with sleek lines and carefully chosen pieces of art and sculpture along with elegant furniture and heavenly bedding. Sitting in the bar, overlooking the water with a delicious cocktail and that special Dubai balmy air was magical.Although we only ate breakfast in the hotel, we would be happy to come back to any of the restaurants on another visit. The hotel tea is delicious, especially the herbal ones.The outdoor area was beautiful with a pool which was large enough to allow us to swim proper lengths and freshly laundered sheets and towels in abundance.	
Oct 18 2008 	Good hotel big screw-ups!	I just stayed here at this hotel this past week for three nights and then a day later for one night. I was there originally for a conference and then for a lay-over night as my flight came back to Dubai in the evening and my next flight wasn't until the next morning. Anyway, the hotel itself is great. The rooms are really large, everything is still very new and the location is convenient to the airport.Most positive aspects:-well designed room-comfortable bed-spacious bathroom with separate WC-great pool area with infinity pool-amazing gym with modern equipment and Technogym Kinesis machines-10 minutes from airport-amazing breakfast buffet-connection to a mall in case you need anythingMost negative aspects:-you still are charged for internet (ethernet or wLAN)-far from town center-ridiculous pricing-poor service (too many staff members with really poor English)-inefficient when it comes to taxis (only have their own cars and you hardly ever see local taxis queuing up-over-priced restaurants-poor views from roomsSo why did I only give two stars. Well this is based on my check-in experience. When you check in, they authorize your credit card. In my case, they tried to book 6000 Dirhams on to my card. They said it didn't go through (they tried twice on the evening I checked in!) Next day I received a message stating that I needed to have a credit card authorized. At the same time, I was registering for the conference I was attending and was informed my credit card was over the limit, which I knew couldn't be the case since I have a high limit. Anyway, what they did was book the 6000 twice on to my card, pushing my card over the limit. My credit card company informed me of this. When I told the reception this, they claimed they didn't do anything and refused to admit to any mistake and also claimed to have no record of anything being booked on my card. Without their bank removing these two authorization bookings, my card would have been blocked for ten days, which is the amount of time it takes for such an authorization to expire. After extensive arguing with multiple people at reception I finally was able to get a manager involved who did help me resolve the issue (still took two days) and my card was blocked the whole time. Further, I was unable to attend the conference I was in town for. I am quite disappointed how the hotel handled this, causing me to basically resolve the problem myself with extensive time lost on my part and costs incurred calling my credit card company. All I was given as an excuse for this was a dinner in one of the restaurants. No upgrade, no reduction in room rate.....just a dinner. Basically, the hotel cost me approximately 3 to 4 thousand dollars via this mistake due to travel and hotel costs plus time lost. They also took a long time to resolve the problem they caused and initially spent a long time claiming they didn't do anything wrong. Very upsetting to me and super poor service on their part. To top it all off, the manager who helped to resolve my problem told me they were at other times having problems with their credit card systems and the bank on the back-end.To make things worse, I had to come back to the place since I had a room booked on my return trip from Kuwait via Dubai. When I checked in the second time, I had a higher rate for the room and they weren't willing to give me the conference rate I had the beginning of the week which was significantly cheaper. Long story short, I will never go to this nor any other Intercontinental hotel. I've had problems in the past with Intercontinentals (read other reviews from me) and should have avoided them this time.....my mistake! Unfortunately the conference was taking place at the hotel and any other hotel would have been too inconvenient. It's just not worth it. This line of hotels consistently disappoints and won't ever get any further business from me even though they often have really nice properties.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great room  strange shower	Came here after two nights in Crowne Plaza. All my comments regardiing its location apply here. I don't propose to repeat beyond saying the position of hotel is not ideal for either business or beach users.Rooms were magnificent. Spotless. The cleaner did a superb job. My one reservation was the shower which is in the bathroom. I have not experienced one like this before. The water from the shower goes straight onto the floor and drains away as the bathroom slopes to the corner ever so slightly. I've no doubt I'm not explaining myself particularly well, but email me if you want a better description.Enjoyed the breakfast and Lebanese restaurant. Pool was closed so didn't get to sample it, but the quality and the cleanliness of the room made up for the minor issues that I had.	
Sep 4 2008 	Special rate was worth the stay in 2 bedroom suite	Our stay was great - a special rate for a 2 bedroom suite we probably won't be able to get again for their summer promotion. I was impressed with their breakfast. They have a fruit smoothie bar where you pick which fruits and they blend it for you right there, waffle bar, japanese and arab breakfast plus the usuals such as omlettes special made, eggs, pastries. Connected to Festival City shopping mall which was nice and we could grab a bite in the mall to bring back to the room. The only problem we had was the check in. The summer promotion included a late check out and they didn't tell us to come 2 hours later. At 3 pm we didn't have the prospect of going to our room until 5pm. After complaining to the manager, they seemed to find one and then it wasn't the right beds for our family of 5. So we had to change to another one which the magically pulled out of their pocket. Once we got there it was nice, though. One bedroom with double beds, another with a King and a really large living area with dining table, 3 bathrooms and a small kitchentte which we didn't even us since we were in the shopping mall most of the time. If they have this rate again I'll stay here but otherwise I will book 2 connecting rooms in Crowne Plaza Festival City.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great hotel bad check in	I'm sitting here in the Intercontinental right now in a 2 bedroom suite. Really lovely room and got a great rate on it for the summer. The only problem we had was that when it was time for check-in at 3pm they said we didn't have a room even though we asked for early check-in. The excuse was that everyone had a late check out from the promotion that was going on. O.k. then please tell us to come late. But even after that they found us a room, which we had to change because it wasn't the King and two beds that I had requested but rather two queens which did not accomodate my family of five. Upon finding the correct room it is really, really nice. As high tech as the top hotels we just returned from in New York. Connected directly to festival city so you don't have to go outside. Breakfast was really, really busy and didn't really enjoy it, but I think it's because their promotion was so good everyone was here. I like it alot and will definetly book a 2 bedroom suite if they have another promotion - otherwise too expensive. I will book two rooms otherwise.	
Aug 13 2008	Outstanding	I'll keep this short and sweet: the Intercontinental Festival City is excellent. Friendly staff (with an unusually high Far East presence for Dubai), rooms of a high standard, great bathrooms, good and very varied food in the main and French restaurants, and a two wonderful swimming pools. One of which, with its several storey overhang, is not for those afraid of heights. The other is a proper lap pool. (Note that these facilities are shared with the Crowne Plaza next door). It's not &quot;the best hotel I've ever stayed in&quot;, but it's very good for a business hotel. Much better than many other hotels in Dubai; I'd expect the prices to rise as once it moves from soft launch phase.	
Jul 27 2008 	FANTASTIC: best hotel I have ever stayed	This is the BEST hotel I have stayed at so far. It was truly an epiphany of how a hotel should be run.The room was impeccable, but what I appreciated the most was the SERVICE level: always eager to help, always a smile, prompt, nothing impossible for them, knowledgeable and personal. I strongly recommend you consider this hotel if you need a location close the airport and not too far from the city centre.The deluxe room was spacious, extremely clean and with modern decor. The Lebanese restaurant in the hotel was just ok: there are much better ones in town (ask concierge). The Belgian Beer Bar in the Crowne Plaza next door was so packed we couldn't get in... Fantastic breakfast (although not cheap), fair prices at the two bars inside the hotel instead. The only micro-fault I could find with this hotel: too hard to open the shampoo bottles in the shower! And they could give free internet access with all they charge... All the rest: SIMPLY PERFECT.	
Jul 16 2008 	Brilliant for the whole family!	Only thing that is not perfect about this hotel is its location, that is if you are looking for a beach holiday. I loved it, my husband loved it and our 2 year old loved it. Extra plus for the childrens amenities bag in the room and for how child friendly they are in the restaurants.	
Jul 4 2008 	a trip i will never forget	i have just returned from dubai and staying at the intercontinental festival city dubai.i went from the the 25th to the 30th june 2008 and i travelled with very good friends 2 of which i have known for over 11years!.it was my first visit to dubai and i was not disappointed !!!the hotel was modern.clean and spacious and only 5 minutes from the airport (although you didnt hear any plane noise)and connected to festival city,a large shopping mall which was in walking distance.from the moment we landed we were overwhelmed by the hotel and the staff.they were so friendly, kind and couldnt do enough for us.the rooms were spacious ,clean and equipted with everything you could need and the you had views of dubai whilst lying out in the bath! we had breakfast every morning at &quot;anise&quot;,a large space with everything you could ever want to eat with cheerful attentive staff who catered for your every need.it also had views over the creek as well as festival city and the marina.we also ate at &quot;madelines bistro&quot;and we all agreed we had the best steaks we had ever tasted!dubai itself was amazing,bigger and better than we could have ever imagined.very safe,relaxed with very friendly people.although when we went it was over 40+ temp dont let it put you off,just be sensible.we sunbathed in the morning for about 2 hours.the staff came round with cold towels and evian facial sprays and we drank non alcoholic cocktails,delicious(ask for the fresh mint with lemon ,ice and sprite)travelling around dubai by taxi is cheap and cool and quickwe went to the burj al arab for afternoon tea(425 dirs or £63)its a must as well as dune bashing and jet boating(www.dreamexplorerdubai.com) you well get wet but you get great views of palm jumeriah as well as the beach and of course burj al arab hotel and also its a good laughalso dont forget to go to the gold souk at deira and haggle for a bargain,brilliant.dubai is a must see destination for anyone and everyone,and i would highly recommend staying at the intercontinental festival city for a trip you will never forget!	
Jun 25 2008 	Excellent hotel!	This is a great hotel! Modern and fantastic design. Everything you need and excellent service. The breakfast is one of the best I have ever experienced in a hotel. You can choose food cooked to your order from all corners of the world. The pool area is great - and the service by the pool attendants also fantastic. It is also quite handy to have a new shoppingcentre with 300 + shops connected to the hotel :-) The only thing that you have to consider is the location of the hotel - if you are a beachbum, it's a fair taxiride to the beach. Although it is not too far in kilometres, Dubai has incredible traffic and it could take ages to get anywhere.... (But 30 minutes in a taxi is only 5 dollars US)	
May 3 2008 	Fantastic experience	What a fantastic hotel. We stayed 4 nights and loved almost everything about it. The staff were outstanding in their service, the rooms were clean, comfortable and modern, the club lounge was brilliant and the snacks and breakfast in the club lounge was 1st class. I've never had better carrot cake in my life!Location was ok. Plus side is that you have a great view of the rest of Dubai when it's not hazy and at night the lights are spectacular. Down side is that you need to get taxis everywhere and with the construction of the monorail currently going on the traffic is quite busy. Only complaint is the light in the walk in robe is a sensor light and goes off too quickly, and although the breakfast and snacks in the club lounge are of an exceptional standard the room service food was not as good. It was ok, but nothing to rave about.Dubai as a city is something so different to what I expected. Very modern architecture, some of the buildings are just outstanding and the new Burj tower is just so tall. As a treat it's worth going to the Burj al Arab for afternoon tea and at AED395 per person is expensive but for the experience well worth it. Otherwise you can't get close to the hotel as you get stopped at the gates.Karama Markets are good for souveniors and other cheap things but nowhere near as cheap as Asian markets but the quality is much better also. Gold is the real bargain to be had and there's so much of it. Just make sure you know what you're willing to pay for it and don't be unreasonable either. If they let you walk away then your price was too low.The museum was ok, nothing to rave about but the Mall of the Emirates was just so huge and of course a ski slope inside it made it all the better. Just imagine 37 degrees outside in the sun and skiiing inside a shopping centre.Once the theme park opens in 2010 it will bring even more visitors to Dubai so I suggest going now before more people discover it.	
Apr 18 2008	Nearly there but not quite	We stayed here for 2 nights at the start of our holiday and for 2 nights at the end.We have stayed in Dubai off and on for about 15 years so we are used to the standard.We were a little taken aback by our &quot;welcome&quot; from the door staff i.e non existent,after that though things improved.Our room was ok but already was showing signs of wear,the veneer on a table had come off and lots of bumps and scraps on the walls.I really have a problem with breakfast,it was awful,not much of a choice at all with terrible earthenware crockery that was dirty and stained,very poor quality food,we only ate there once and just had toast and coffee by the pool after that.On the plus side the pool area was brilliant great loungers with a great pool and really good poolside service.One point to remember is that on windy days the poolside umbrellas are taken away,this is because an umbrella was blown over a ballastrade,so thats one to remember especially during the summer when shade is essential!!!!Overall though the hotel was very average	
Mar 24 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We Stayed in the intercontinental at festival city for four night's at the end of march. This hotel is brand new and absolutely fantastic, the staff, the rooms,the restaurant,breakfast,reception,eveything we did not have a bad word to say about it.There are great veiws of the creek from the leisure deck which they share with the Crowne Plaza hotel next door.The hotel is also connected to the festival shopping centre with over 500 shops including Marks and Spencers and 90 places to eat. It's only a 5 minute taxi ride from the airport.	
Mar 22 2008 	Almost there!	I stayed at the Hotel as part of a work conference for three days. There are alot of positives e.g.  - the level of service is exceptional- incredibly clean- funky rooms with great bathrooms- the standard of food is very good (I was being mass-catered for as part of the conference so I would expect ala carte to be exceptional)- alcohol is well priced for a 5* hotel e.g. 20 Dirhams for a beer - about 3 quid- connected on to a huge shopping/eating complex- taxis always availableThe Festival City complex is still being finished (about 85% of the way there) and the hotel was no exception e.g. just half the pool/ sun lounging area open in March 2008. Workmen were prevalent in the area surround the hotel, however I experienced no contruction noise. The hotel, whilst convenient for the airport, is a bit out of the city centre. However mitigated against this is the ample taxis plus a culture of no-one walking too far in general. A general plus is Dubai airport which is well organised and chilled; unlike the mayhem of Heathrow at the other end.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great value - Great quality	Transferred from the adjacent sister hotel (Crown Plaza), we travelled on a great value weekend package with Virgin (£350 each for flights and 3 nights B&amp;B - Wow!!). Most flights from the UK arrive early morning so unless you pay for an additional night you normally have to wait for your room. As the hotel was not full we were fortunate to get ours at midday. What a room! Other reviews have already described them, but modern, hi-tech and brand spanking new. Service in the hotel and elsewhere very high (labour must be cheap and good quality) and though there was only one restaurant open in the hotel (Anise) the choice and quality was fantastic.The pool was very nice though loungers occasionally were at a premium - what might it be like when the hotel is full?Views over the local area and creek reveal a building site but no noise problems. Festival City is fast-developing and is well located for the road network and airport but otherwise is pretty uninspiring. Room windows were filthy which is the only negative I can mention about the place.Travel from the hotel is OK - travel time depends on the time of day - 45 mins into Deira on a Saturday morning, 15 mins back in the afternoon; 45 mins to Jumeira Beach on Sunday morning, 30 mins back mid-afternoon. It's cheap to travel (ignore reviews to the contrary) - even the hotel taxi was only £10 to Jumeira Beach - with most trips just a few pounds if you take a Dubai taxi.We ate at in the hotel, in the Festival Shopping Mall and (for a celebration) at the Manhattan Grill in the Grand Hyatt Hotel which was outstanding for it's great steaks. Alcohol? Available in the room minibar and in the hotel after 6pm. Beer was priced at UK hotel pices but watch for wine - our wine in the Grand Hyatt came to almost £14 per glass!!A small Dubai tip - it's a Muslim country and the showing of flesh is frowned upon - you very quickly notice that (aside from the tourist/beach area) people don't wear shorts and women don't show shoulders or midriffs which meant that long trousers/short sleeve shirts and blouses/skirts were de-riguer.We took the trip to sample Dubai. Will we be back? Maybe but probably not quickly, but this is no reflection on the Interconti which was top notch. I can't imagine you would be disappointed as long as you don't expect a beachside or city centre location.	
Feb 24 2008 	Nice brand new Hotel	We stayed there for 3 nights in Feb. 2008. The hotel is brand new, nice and elegant. The room we stayed was spacious, modern style. I love the comfortable bed with smooth and soft sheets. Staff were friendly and professional. It is located next to a mall which is also brand new. You can find a lot of restaurants and shops there. It is kind of away from the center, but we didn't mind because we have been in Dubai before. It is probably best for a stopover.We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Loved It!!!	What can i say!!! We had a wonderful time, TOP CLASS!!Fantastic, would stay again!!!Downside is that this hotel could be classed as out of the way of main attractions, however great location for airport and taxis are so cheap this really does not cause any real problems.	
Feb 18 2008 	Festival Mall	Stayed for 3 nights. +ve:-Brand new, high quality fixtures &amp; fittingGreat Air ConView of Sheikh Zayed RoadStaff - all keen and very pleasantDrink - They sell LeffeFood - Lamb Kofta by pool was very nice and not that expensive for a 5* hotelHotel taxis plentiful, expensive (see below) but drivers are not ratbags like a sizeable minority of local taxi driversGreat gymnBaths fill from ceiling - cool!!!Pool - one end has a glass wall that juts out which is quite funky-ve:-Hotel was not showing the Man U v Arsenal FA Cup game - not a bad thing but the conceirges and guest services were wooly as to whether they'd have it on and where else mightDifficult to get local taxi as no passing traffic and the hotel taxi has a 30 dirham starting cost compared to 3 for local taxis. Taxi rank at mall can get busy.Baths fill from ceiling - taps not within reaching distance and a pain to top-upOther:-Location - old Interconti was right by the creek and Bur Dubai, this is futher out but probably better for beaches, sheik zayed road and airport. Handy for shops in malls and restaurants but no other bars (hotels) nearby apart from Crowne PlazaDid not eat their apart from snack at pool, reflects restaurant should be good	
Feb 10 2008 	Good hotel ok location	Stayed here for two nights in Feb. Hotel is brand new and decorated in a modern contempoary style (not usual IC style). Rooms have ample storage and are cleaned to a high standard.Hotel food is good and service is very efficient, staff are v friendly. Didnt use spa or gym.Only downside is the lack of taxis in festival city, therefore you often have to wait 15 mins+ for a taxi!Location is far from city but v close to the airport.Great business hotel even by Dubai's high standards.	
Feb 6 2008	Poor management but was ok - not very good location	This was my first trip to Dubai.Location - not that good - close to the airport but not close to the action. I wouldnt stay here, unless it was a stopover. Rooms - really nice and modern, but the distance to get to places is quite far and you have to catch a cab. from this hotel to the Burj Al Arab (we went one night for tea is AED40. which i think is alot.Management - we got moved because electricity got shut down (they did NOT notify us till we got there). the Crowne Plaza Dubai was good location but old shabby and disgusting. they upgraded us, after forgetting to initially, took them half a day to get us in the right room, we had to move twice.Restaraunts - didnt get a chance to look, but they were amazingone good thing was that they gave us free car travel for the next 3 nights at the Crowne Plaza, because we were inconvenienced. Car travel/taxi is very expensive in Dubai.I also recommend the hop on / off tour and the safari was AMAZING. worth it.	
Jan 9 2008 	A Great Experience	Stayed for nine days over the New Year (think we were amongst the first guests) in this magnificent new hotel.Service,food,room,sleep etc. all superb - top marks on everything.	
Jan 4 2008 	Very handy for airport	We stayed at the hotel 29 December 07 for 2 nights.Took a taxi from the airport - took 10 mins and cost AED25(£3).We had booked a travel industry rate direct with the hotel - AED850 plus 20% taxes per night.We arrived at 3am and were warmly welcomed. The lobby is huge - which sadly made it rather impersonal.When checking in I asked for clarification as to whether my rate included breakfast - It was confirmed that breakfast was included - however when I checked out I was advised breakfast had not been included and that I had been given the 'wrong information'.Our room was lovely - loved the bathroom/wetroom - views left a bit to be desired however as still a lot of building work going on.Breakfast area was huge with a wide selection to suit all tastes.On our day in Dubai we took a 10 min taxi to Gold Souk which cost AED35( £5) and from there took a 25 min taxi to Madinat Jumeirah which cost AED40(£7).We had booked a taxi(not hotel transfer) back to the airport - despite checking 3 times that they had definitely booked us a taxi, and not a hotel transfer - when we got to the airport the driver wanted to charge us AED70(£10). So unfortunately there seems to have been some confusion over this!All in all - we did enjoy our first stay in Dubai - location great for airport or business in Festival City area - and taxis very reasonable for seeing other areas of Dubai.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Pool Quirky Bathrooms But Give It Time to Sort Construction Issues	I booked a few nights at this hotel over Christmas, getting a rate of 725 AED/night. Note all quoted rates have 20% additional taxes and fees on top. I was not informed during the booking process that this hotel is in soft opening mode until the January 2008, though was aware of this through other industry sources.PRE-STAYA fortnight before my stay I emailed the address on the website, to ask some questions, but received no reply. Unacceptable from a five star hotel.Booked for five nights; was emailed one week before that the hotel is still in soft opening and due to an unscheduled two day power down, was unable to accommodate me on the last two days of my stay, Christmas Day and Boxing Day, offering the Crowne Plaza (CP) on Sheikh Zayed Road as an alternative, for the same price. This was an entirely unacceptable offer, especially to an IC Royal Ambassador (RA), the top tier of their loyalty scheme, as that CP is tired,old and has a grotty pool. I declined this offer, luckily having friends in Dubai with whom I could stay, and received a free airport pick up as measly compensation, but this was poorly handled. I am still waiting for the promised refund nearly two weeks later;my two follow up emails remain unanswered.CHECKING INI was picked up in the hotel car, a 4x4, meeting the hotel representative at the meet and greet area after customs. Ten minute drive from the airport to Festival City, still a bit of a building site. On the Airport side of the Creek, though no view or noise from the airport from the rooms.Situated right next door (and sharing the pool complex with) a brand new Crowne Plaza, which has not yet opened, and opposite the Festival City Mall which features and M&amp;S, IKEA and the usual shop brands, though not especially high end stores. Some cheap open air eating options (eg Chilis) outside this Mall, which was a brief and pleasant promenade along the Marina from the IC.As I got out of the car, the assistant greeted me by name, so they are on the button here. The doorman is about seven foot five tall; quite impressive!!I was welcomed into a large, impersonal lobby and checked in at the main desk; usually RA’s get in room or in lounge check in, but the lounge is not open until early 2008. RAs will receive upgrade to a Water View Exec Room, no Club Lounge access unless you have booked that category. View of the Creek was impressive, with the SZR and Burj Dubai (world’s tallest building) framing stunning sunsets every evening. MY ROOMEntered the room, which had a high degree of finish, but seemed smaller compared to my experiences in other Dubai hotels. The large private entrance wastes about 10% of the floor space.Bed had some impressive touch on/off directional reading lights. Air conditioning was superb. A full integral international plug socket is featured in every room, so my US laptop worked fine, though no WiFi in the rooms; broadband wired net access is currently free, but will be chargeable soon.I received a nice freebie IC beach bag and washbag as a welcome gift, as well as a fruit plate.The bathrooms were the real reason I stayed here, as they looked very impressive on the website form the artist’s impressions.Curious modular sliding door arrangement closes off the bathroom from the rest of the room, but no real privacy as there is an open architectural grille which cannot be closed, about eight feet tall by two feet wide which means any sounds in the bathroom/toilet can be heard in the main room, so make sure if you are sharing with a partner that you are comfortable with that. Toilet is in its own small room with the bidet, with a thin smoked glass door. Flush is operated by pushing your finger into a hole in the wall behind the toilet; not hugely sanitary…..The main reason I chose this hotel was because of the baths, which are free standing tubs, situated in a wet room, overlooking their own windows out onto my terrific view of Dubai. Well, it will be terrific once they finally get round to cleaning off months of construction dirt; I could see them doing this during my stay but sadly they never reached my room. Rather handy electric blind in the bathroom, but annoyingly the three blinds you need to close in the main bedroom before you retire for the evening are not electric. Shame.The baths fill from a hole in the ceiling. Yes you heard right. Nice idea, but in practice this means there is a LOT of noise and splashing when you run a bath, so listening to relaxing music as you get ready is not an option, the wet room is very wet even before you start bathing, and if you add bubble bath when you start the tap going, an eruption of Vesuvian proportions ensues. Nice being able to fill the bath to the brim, and not worry about the water sploshing over the sides.One powerful rose shower is next to the bath and another more directional one were handy for topping up the hot water mid soak, as launching the ceiling tap again would have been a real hassle.I would imagine these bathrooms will be a nightmare to clean as everything gets drenched even if you take a quick post swim shower….obviously the designer never considered this. I pity the housekeeping staff who have to clean up this mess twice a day.Towards the end of my stay the hot water was only lukewarm, annoying as I was heading out with friends the last night of my stay. This was fixed after waiting an hour, but was lukewarm again the morning of my departure.Lots of shelving for storing toiletries which was good, and plenty of Elemis toiletries regularly replenished, though just the basic soap, shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and moisturiser, no mouthwash and I didn’t feel they were of high enough quality to want to take a few home with me.OTHER HOTEL FACILITIESOnly two F&amp;B options were open; I mostly ate by the pool which provided excellent burgers and club sandwiches with extremely attentive staff, though I was constantly approached asking if I needed anything every time I got up from my sunbed to stretch my legs. The IC pool is open at the moment with the upper deck where the CP pool is still cordoned off. There is a great play area for kids with a splashy fountain and other interactive water features, which looked fun, though could get noisy once the hotel gets busy, especially with the more family oriented CP clientele.Some construction was still ongoing by the IC pool, so a small part of the decking was closed off, but I didn’t really notice this. The pool was very warm, with plenty of different areas to cool off in and a decent lap length pool, with the already mentioned see through glass floor, about 100 feet above ground, which was pretty cool actually, though a shame you only look down onto a pavement below.Gym was well provisioned, with free water and high quality machinery, and a decent view. I went up to sample the Club Lounge, but it was very much still being constructed with the smell of glue heavy in the air, and lots of construction workers so I was ushered away by security. The Spa was not yet open during my visit.I had breakfast at Anise, which features six live cooking stations. The triple height space was huge and impersonal, with stone floors and felt a bit canteenish, though the art work is impressive. Tea/coffee was served in earthenware cups, which I hate.My handmade scrambled eggs tasted bland and uninviting; hardly any seasoning. Not good. For double the price of a burger by the pool, I did not think this very good value for money, despite the wide range of choices, especially if you were feeding a whole family. I did not return as I did not feel comfortable in the space, and was sure this would be even more pronounced at night.Several new venues are on the cusp of opening, so check those out, particularly the bar which has a great view of the stunning sunsets over Dubai.SUMMARY: I am usually very positive in most of my reviews, and maybe my experience was coloured by having my stay involuntarily curtailed. Perhaps I was more willing to find fault. Even though I appreciated being able to try out this hotel for about half the usual price, the cancellation of part of my stay, poor food, and issues with the hot water would have ruined my vacation had I not had alternatives available. IMHO a five star hotel should not have a soft opening when such a great deal of construction was still ongoing (and remember my stay was two months after the first guests were welcomed in November 2007, so I figured most of these sorts of issues would be dealt with by now). I know this will be a great place for those on business to stay once the construction is over, and there are lots of great features to be recommended, and many will be coming online very shortly.However my advice would be to hang back a few months until at least mid 2008 and give it a try when the rough edges have been sorted out; otherwise you are staying in a work in progress, and risk disappointment.	
Dec 28 2007 	Customer Service	Stayed in hotel within a week of opening. The customer service was outstanding. From the front desk to the restaurant and bar staff, I was made to feel at home, with all of my needs met. No request made appeared to be too great for the hotel staff as they were always accommodating. As customer service appears to be a thing of the past in the USA, this hotel was a refreshing experience.Highly recommend!	
Dec 26 2007 	Brand spanking new	Just open 2 weeks we were in the first wave of guests. It was all settling down well. Some facilities were not yet open but those that were rated highly. If anything we were over serviced - a flunky every 12 metres saying good morning got exhausting to reply to!! The only restaurant open when I was there was the main one - the range of cuisine was terrific and al very high quaity - a good 5 night stay and only downside is location excpet good for airport - otherwise on a remote and underdeveloped part of the Dubai creek with only a shopping centre next door for some wandering around in.	
Dec 14 2007 	Great New Intercon	I recently completed a 1 night stay at this hotel. I arrived at about 0930am after arriving on the excellent Silverjet flight from London. I was able to check in due to my Priority Card and was upgraded to a fantastic suite, with 2 bathrooms, large lounge, large bathroom and excellent gadgets. Pool area is very nice, and the service around the pool was top notch. Service in all parts of the hotel are at an excellent level. The hotel has only been open a month, so is still in &quot;soft&quot; opening phase. This meant the Champagne bar on the 26th floor was not open, and neither was the spa (which was a bit disappointing). However the bar on the lobby level is great, with a lovely little outside terrace. Everything about this hotel is impressive and great (including the pool which has a perspex overhang allowing you to see 4 stories down and the road below!). The main downside for me is the location. If you have meetings on SZR or in the marina development it is quite a trek from festival city. As is Mall of the Emirates. It is very handy for the airport though.	
Oct 26 2009 	fantastico		
Oct 16 2009 	TAXI??????????????		
Oct 8 2009 	Chic urbain		
Jun 10 2009 	Personal immer mit einem Lächeln auf den Lippen doch sie wissen nicht was sie tun....		
Mar 16 2009 	Parfait		
Jan 22 2009 	??????		
