Sep 7 2009 	Best Location in Dubai	Why you select a place like Dubai to travel is for shopping &amp; enjoy the Desert Safari or Dhow Cruise or both. In the new Dubai you will not get a taxi or cab easily, you have to wait for hours in the roadside but still you may not get it. Because of that I always stay in Astoria to do my shopping with out waiting for taxis and not suffering in the traffic jams. The hotel front desk will do the entire safari booking.I choose Curry House Restaurant to have my meals without any disturbance. It’s a good place to stay if you know how to handle your mindset.	
Jun 4 2009 	Stay Away!!	This Hotel is first on my list of hotels not to stay in future! And you will decide this the minute you enter it the hotel.Poorly lit lobby with worn out interiors welcomed us. The room was just average, which appeared like a jail, with bars on windows.The beds were worn out, with very average room service. The bathroom was just about ok.Location is not all that great. You will have to take a cab to go to main areas. However its very close to Indian Market Mina Bazar, where you can buy stuff.	
May 11 2009 	Seedy Brothel	This hotel is u're basic seedy prostitute pick up point. Although on their site they've advertised Sur Sangam as live indian entertainment club, its nothing but vulgar dance shows and money hungry managers coaxing you into throwing your money away. The Three stars should actually stand for Third class.	
Mar 6 2009 	NICE HOTEL	i have stayed at Hotel Astoria Dubai, more than 10 times for diferent business trip.i have enjoyed in stay includes all the facilities Hotel provided.\Me still prefer to stay at Astoria any time to Dubai.\\S.John	
Jan 5 2009 	Cover Business for your basic brothel	Basically put, don't even go to the restaraunt on the first floor unless you enjoy being solicited for sex. The place is called TGIT (Thank Goodness It's Thursday). I hadn't even reached the bar when an eastern European girl approached me and introduced herself. Not knowing the nature of this place, I thought that maybe I'd just found someone to chat up at the bar. I asked her if she'd like something to drink and her reply was, &quot;Yes! You!&quot; After asking her what she meant, she said she wanted to take me to her apartment and that I'd need to discuss a price with her boss......Yikes. Visions of blood tests danced in my head. I took a look around and realized that there were about 20-some women there bouncing from guy to guy. I'm not even sure that they serve food at TGIT because none of the 50 or so people there were eating anything. Like the other poster, I have no clue what the rest of the hotel is like because I left abruptly.	
Feb 2 2008	Lobby bar a brothel	We visited the Astoria on the recommendation of a well-known travel guide and decided to eat lunch in the TGI Thursday's American bar/diner on the ground floor. Big mistake. We naively wondered why there were so many attractive (and less attractive) unattached young (and not so young) women loitering around the bar and restaurant. We then realised that they were all talking to middle aged men, typically British, and were unnaturally thrilled with their older partners. Looking around, we realised that, apart from the waiting staff, we were the only ones there not involved in either buying or selling sex. Not a nice atmosphere - very sleazy joint. We left without eating. Avoid this bar/restaurant like the plague unless you are looking for sex for money. Don't know about the hotel, but with a restaurant like that in it, I wouldn't stay there.	
