Nov 17 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel with nice view and good location and it is inside the mall of the Emirates	
Nov 17 2009 	A Most Excellent Stay!	I was fortunate to stay at the Kempinski (Mall of the Emirates) on the first leg of my trip through the middle east. Pick up from the airport was quick and effecient (140 UAE$). A very impressive lobby greets you as you enter the hotel. Janet at the front desk made check in a breeze. She checked me into room#225 a pool suite...awesome! The room opened right onto the pool, and more importantly the pool bar.My room was very modern and chic. Flat screen TV, and a great comfortable bed. Large glass doors led to your own veranda. Pool service was wonderful, and very attentive.The Mall of the Emirates is attached to the lobby of the Kempinski, which is ultra convenient. The Mall has every &quot;western&quot; store imaginable, plus some very nice local merchants. Great cafes dot the landscape. The big attraction is &quot;Ski Dubai&quot;. The mammoth indoor ski mountain. It's quite the sight to see. Bring your own gloves and hat!Room service was very quick, and excellent. In room wireless internet is FREE of charge. There is a spa and fitness center also which looked very nice.Overall, I would highly recommend the Kempinski if your travels take you to Dubai, and beyond.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good hotel let down by concierge	Good hotel, but concierge was awful. Gave us wrong information and did not do online check in when he promised he would. Great location in the Mall of Emirates and good rooms. More business orientated than leisure.	
Oct 4 2009 	A Shopaholic's Dream	There really is only one real reason for staying at the Kempenski; to shop 'till you drop. Being part of the huge Mall of the Emirates with easy access to it, expect plenty of shopping sprees. An extensive food court within the mall means you don't have to rely on overpriced hotel food (although the breakfast spread is quite excellent, so go that route if you can), and visit Ski Dubai for the novelty of having snow in the middle of the desert.The room itself was a bit cramped, but still quite comfortable with a very nice bathroom. When we arrived some small things were missing, like slippers, but a quick call to room service soon fixed that. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful, and I have to single out the extremely friendly Taxi attendants.	
Sep 9 2009 	Bad start but then great	Booked this hotel via travel agent with reassurance we would have a corner suite....upon arrival at midnight we were shown to a double room, ceratainly not big enough for a family of four. After complaining and being told this was the room we had requested (and paid for) we were eventually moved to the corner suite we originally wanted. ALL OF THIS AT MIDNIGHT with my two and a half yr old twins after having been on a 15 hour flight. We were not given an apology.In saying this, the hotel location and rooms were great and subsequent service was good if not fantastic, we would definitley stay here again purely because of the location (and having used the babysitting service we were more than comfortable to leave the children).The rooms were beautiful and the suite had ample room for our two cribs, the dining room was a major plus. Bathroom was awesome. Pool area was perfect to have a dip and cool off.It's taken me a year to get around to this review because we had another baby and I am flat out crazy busy! No other reason.	
Aug 14 2009 	Class above the Rest	I really like this hote. Conveniently located next to the Mall of Emirates..great restuarant and bar and rooms are fantastic. I know its a bit pricey but you do pay for what you get! Lovely spar and good gym with adequete pool and great service. This has to be one of my favourites and when they have specials I am there in a flash	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location friendly staff bad hotel design for noise	Stay here for the following:- Staff are friendly and courteous, breakfast crew showed our daughter so much compassion. Upgraded room as we needed to fit in a cot.- Room finishing is immaculate and classy.- Close to the shops which is great for shopping, getting a bite to eat, movies etc.- Central location and plenty of taxisDon't stay here for the following:- Either the hotel or ski park air conditioning vents are right next to the pool. To sit by the pool is the same as sitting on an airport runway. Constant loud humming blowing noise from large turbine coolers, you cannot relax. The noise travels through the pool rooms and probably next 3 levels. I could not sleep for 2 nights and had to demand another room at the rear of the hotel. The vibration at pool side vibrates through the concrete. An unfortunate design oversight. - This basic room is very small, which is a shame considering Dubai has so much space that room sizes should not be an issue. You need to upgrade to get a decent room size.- The taxi attendants can be lazy sometimes, but you just need to be firm with them and they remember who to serve. I think general customers of the Mall get in their way sometimes.- Check what days you can have an alcoholic drink, there are quite a few religious dry days, which is fine, but you might find yourself sipping a beer in your hotel room only.Great hotel for business, for holiday look at something else.	
Mar 26 2009 	Wonderful Stay - Excellent Service!	We just returned from a 5 day stay at the Kempinski. The service makes this hotel better than 5* and the room is spacious and well appointed. Accessibility was key in selecting hotels and the Kempinski is perfectly situated for easy access to the beaches, airport and dessert. We spent a lot of time at Mall and the ease of access for meals and kids' activities was just awesome!Our package included breakfast, ranging from room service to several in-house dining outlets. The breakfast was exceptional, with a huge selection. We were also provided with free WIFI and an allowance for laundry. The hotel upgraded us to a corner suite with a great view of the beach properties. While initially I was concerned about a corner over the highway, the windows must have sound-proofing becuase we were not bothered by the traffic.Our family of 5 stayed in a corner suite (a complimentary upgrade) where we had 2 adults and a 5-year-old in the king size bed and 2 kids in the pull-out sofa.I would DEFINITELY recommend the Kempinski for all types of travelers -- from business to family. It will be our choice for future stays becuase of its location and excellent service!	
Mar 16 2009 	Good location shame about the noise	This hotel is in a good location. It is easy to get to the beach from here by taxi without being as expensive as the beach hotels. The shopping mall it is attached to is good as well. The main problem we had was noise. A DJ played by the pool for every night of our stay. We had to move rooms, as we had a poolside room, where the DJ was literally outside the window. We got moved to a higher room but when we got back after being out the DJ was still going and you could hear it (although not as badly) in the higher room. The rooms themselves though were big and fairly luxurious.	
Mar 2 2009 	Mixed review	This hotel is attached to the Mall of the Emirates so it is well located if you want to shop or use the indoor skiing. The rooms are lovely and the cleaning staff are excellent. Breakfast is buffet style and quite expensive if it's not already included in the price of your room. We stayed on a B&amp;B basis and arrived early in the morning on the day we were checking in and went for breakfast while we were waiting for our room to be ready. On the morning we were leaving we were checking out early and didn't have time for breakfast. We thought that it would not be an issue as we had signed for the same number of breakfasts as nights that we had stayed but they would not accept this and made us pay for an extra breakfast while we had only had the number we had already paid for, we were unimpressed! In general I found the staff quite unhelpful and although there were alot of them about they weren't that friendly or would not be the types to greet you with a smile (except for the cleaning staff who were always friendly)! It is very convenient however to the mall of the emirates and the skiing and there are alot of restaurants available in the mall so we didn't eat in the hotel. The rooms are lovely so I'd recommend this hotel if you want to go shopping or to the skiing but it is quite an expensive and impersonal hotel.	
Feb 14 2009 	Wow - loved this hotel	We arrived very early in the morning on stopover and were given a fantastic room (upgraded to a huge room). Everything had been thought of and every small detail given attention to. The service is second to none. Everything was clean and the decor was lovely. Easy to get to the mall to shop and perfect for a stopover in luxury. Loved it!Kempinski 5 stars.	
Jan 11 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	This is a superb hotel. We (my wife and I) travelled with my two children and my wifes parents. Our room was amazing with 2 seperate rooms - one for living and on bedroom - both with 42 inch plasmas built into the wall. They also organised for them to be connecting rooms.The view was superb - straight out looking at the water (in the distance) and the fabous Burj hotel.The hotel is 5 star without a doubt and it is in the Mall of Emirates so shopping and 75 restuarants / eating establishments are on your doorstep. Also, attractions like Ski Dubai are virtually in the hotel lobby. My son learnt to ski on one day and then he was easily able to come back the next day for a second lesson without upseting the rest of our plans.The rooms are cleaned impeccably every day and all room facilities are first class.Breakfast and room service is excellent as well. Only a few bad things:1. The pool was in the shade for most of the day and was quite cold. It needs to be heated.2. I booked a massage for 5pm on afternoon. When I rang back on the day of the massage to confirm the booking time, they had lost the booking. They could not fit me in at same time so I cancelled. Also - they only have male massagers!3. There is no easy exit off the 14 lane freeway that is in front of the mall to get to the hotel. You get in a taxi and about 5 minutes later after going up the road, down the road and though roundabouts, you are on the freeway passing the hotel again!! Traffic around the Mall is very bad. This may be due to the construction of the Dubai Metro monorail system - I cant be sure.4. We booked a cruise on the creek and had the concierge organise it. After initially being told we could charge it to our room, we got later told we would have to pay cash - this was over 1000 AED. We questioned why credit card or room charge would not work - but got given some strange reason by the concierge. I have a feeiling the cash was &quot;distributed&quot;.	
Jan 4 2009 	Only go here if you wish to shop!	Attractive hotel with a lovely room, but the view was of the outside of the ski run and the lovely extractor fans which I could hear in the night.My parents room was smaller and not as grand as mine. They had a better view in one respect but please be aware that this hotel is very close to the motorway makes you feel like you are living next to the M6!!!Pool area small with no sun on pool you had to sit in small area to side with the cars whizzing past!!Breakfast good, attentive service.New yr dinner excellent but no excitement to celebrate New Yr at 12 o'clock.I would not return to this hotel as its very busy in every respect not ideal for holiday but Ok for few days shopping!	
Dec 31 2008 	Not satisfactory	I stayed at the Kempinski for six nights and expect far better.First the good... The hotel itself is stunning, the rooms, the bathroom, the hallways, the lobby, the outside driveway / entrance (particularly at night). The breakfast was also very good and the service at breakfat was always good. Being connected to the Mall was also a great convenience. Now the bad and there's alot of it...After I booked I emailed the hotel and requested a room with a view of the Burj, however I only received a vague reply in broken English so I did not persue it anymore. On check in I re-requested a room with a view but was told that I would not be getting one. What I did not expect however was the worst view possible, a side view of the outside of the indoor skiing tube - very unattractive.However my main gripes came with the service. The remote control for the TV broke and so I took it to reception only to be told in a grumpy manner that IT would fix it but 'I' had to bring it back to the room for this to happen. I was clearly frustrated by the issue, so I gave it to her anyway and told het that IT could pick it up from reception, rather than me walk a mile back to the room (the hotel has very long corridors and my room was at the very end) Not five star service at all. It also seemed the staff did not know what they were talking about. The internet stopped working so I saw someone else on reception who insisted that internet access was not available in the rooms, when clearly it was as I had been using it. Strange. One morning I hung my breakfast order on the door knob well before cut-off time, only to find that it never arrived the following morning. When I opened the door the next morning, it was still hanging on the door!The concierge desk was dreadful and very understaffed. I was asking for some help in booking something in London (my next destination) for me but even after three requests, they still did not get back to me. The pool area is also very poor. Only one pool is warmish, the other stone cold (I was there in winter) and it never received any sun. There were not enough chairs around the pool and the staff would not even allow me to move a cabana into a sunny area. The pool bar was never open, despite the hotel being full and the whole area is destroyed by the constant noise of traffic on the main road below. A triumph in poor design. I also had a massage and it was dreadful. It was conducted on a hard surface and required me to sit, lie, and sit again etc, not relaxing at all. To top it off, when he had finished, he basically told me to get up and get out immediately, no few minutes rest while you relax on completion of the treatment even. To top it off, they lost my postcards. I stopped back at the hotel on my return and was promised that it would be followed up. Not surprisingly, they never turned up. It's a great shame really as the hotel is truly beautiful and has the potential to be wonderful, it's just a shame the service is so poor.	
Dec 14 2008 	Disappointed	We arrived tired at 0430hrs after a flight from Kuala Lumpur to be told that the Kempinski did not have any reservation for us. We were advised that we could either wait in the foyer until their Reservation staff came on duty to resolve the matter or submit our credit card for authorisation for payment for a room in the meantime. Given it would be several hours before this could be resolved we submitted our credit card details. We were advised that we would be upgraded to a suite until the matter could be sorted. It took several telephone calls by us to the UK later that day and we made at least 4 trips to the reception desk before we eventually found out 12 hrs later that Kempinski reservations had made the error, booking our stay in their system for the previous week, but confirming the correct dates with our travel agent. The following day on returning from shopping in the mall we found that we had been locked out of our room, with neither of our key cards operating. We had to go to the reception to get them re-authorised.The suite itself was disappointing with the kitchen area floor and some furniture showing obvious long standing stains. We were also on a half board basis and had initially been told that we were only able to use one of the 4 restaurants in the hotel. The following day another member of reception staff advised us that we could use any of the restaurants. On dining in the 2nd floor restaurant one night my main meal arrived along with a steak ordered by my partner, unfortunately his side dish was not served with it, when this was queried after a few minutes, the waiter disappeared only to return to advise that the chef was still cooking it and it would be a further few minutes before it was ready and offered to take away the steak to keep warm. Is it too much to ask that both meals be served together?We have contacted the hotel on our return to the UK re this visit, but to date no reply has been received from them.On the plus side, the hotel offers good access to the mall and all that it offers and the hotel breakfasts are good with plenty of choice.	
Oct 6 2008 	Fabulous hotel and location	We arrived at the Kempinski after a very long journey, and we were instantly impressed by the incredible lobby. We were there at 10, check-in isn't until 3, but the staff were excellent at sorting out our room asap, we were in by 11am! The room was stunning, everything was spotless and it all seemed really new. The pool too was beautiful, and whilst we were there during Ramadan and therefore couldn't use the poolbar, I imagine this would be fabulous when in action! It's worth noting that there was some building work happening right next to the hotel, and so it wasn't 'silent' by the pool - however it was hardly noisy, and didn't really affect us as such...there's building work happening all over Dubai so I think lots of places would've been the same.We completely underestimated the convenience of having the mall attached to the hotel. We visited 3 others (Wafi, Medina Souk and Dubai City) and none of them remotely compared to the size/layout/design/selection of shops in the Mall of the Emirates.All in all, I would thoroughly recommend the Kempinski Mall of the Emirates to anyone - especially if you can get an Executive Suite - a really great suite and well worth the money! Also worth noting is that there's a good selection of restaurants/bars in/connected to the hotel, and that we noted, as well as our friend in Dubai saying she'd NEVER seen a hotel with so many taxi's readily waiting outside. At a couple of the other hotels and malls we visited, we had to wait almost half an hour for a cab - this was never a problem at the Kempinski!	
Sep 24 2008 	Rooms are amazing	I should add that I was upgraded to a suite, so I do not know what the normal rooms are like, but the suite I was given was magnificent- simply gorgeous. Staff was beyond helpful. Location- great- you can always pop into the mall. Clean, quiet, well located near many things. Everything you need. No views, though- at least I looked over an ugly road/parking lot thing.If I ever hit the lottery, I want a bathroom like the one in my room at the Kempinski.I did not eat in the hotel- so I have no view on the food.	
Sep 12 2008 	Worth every penny	This was a fantastic hotel, the service was top notch, the rooms immaculate and the facilities impeccable.I used to live in Dubai and am very picky about hotels there and wanted to give this a shot after having heard raves from friends and co-workers.My room was lovely (view was lousy, but none of the views would be great from this hotel) with a fantastic bathroom and great bed. The service was extremely friendly and by day three everyone seemed to know my name and my preferences. Amazing for such a large hotel.The access to the Mall is great, esp. when it comes to food options.The only potential downsides: the size of the pool and the location is a bit far from anything other than Mall of the Emirates. I did not use the pool because the weather was lousy, but it looked very small for the size of the property and it did not appear to have much sun exposure. All in all a great experience.	
Sep 10 2008 	Fantastic experience	We arrived at 7am on the morning of our stay to find out that our agent had booked us into the Kempinski in Ajman rather than Dubai Mall of Emirates. The staff at Mall of Emirates were incredible- once we had decided that we wanted to stay there they booked us in at a promotion rate and upgraded us. We were in our room by 8am at no extra cost.This was one of the nicest hotels we have ever stayed at. Our room was incredibly spacious and had everything we could ever want! The bed was incredible (we loved the swivel plasma), the bathroom luxurious (fantastic shower) and we were more than comfortable.Breakfast was fabulous- all tastes and diets accomodated for in the buffet. We also tried out the cafe downstairs which was lovely. We used the pool each afternoon and loved it.We booked the hotel because of the location- we loved walking into the mall and wandering around. But the hotel is only minutes from the madinat and the beach. The staff were wonderful and incredibly helpful. We look forward to staying there in the future.	
Aug 17 2008 	SleepTan 	I had booked the Kempinski Mall of The Emirates as part of a multi city trip which included The Oman and Abu Dhabi.I arrived by Car from The Emirates Palace Kempinski Abu Dhabi.On arrival I was escorted by a bellman to the reception and after a fast registration I was escorted to my Grand Luxe Room.The room had great views of the Burj Al Arab in the distance (the hotel is part of one of the largest Malls in the World and located on the Sheikh Zayed Highway).The room I was allocated had a Lounge/Dining Area and a very spacious Bedroom plus a very large Bathroom with separate WC. Everything was in immaculate condition and very well planned.I especially loved the extremely spacious Bathroom with XL Bathtub massive Waterfall Shower.I frequently used the Swimming Pool with its pool Bar,where I found the staff to be very attentive (ice cold towels and fresh fruit are offered several times throughout the day), the Breakfast Buffett also left nothing to be desired.One of the best dining concepts I have encountered was Sezamme, which is located at lobby level and opens up onto the Mall. The menu consists of a fusion concept of 'Stem',Bake,'Grill and all the dishes on offer were of superior quality.All in all this was a great stay, I went shopping in the Mall on several occassions,the concierges organized trips for me and my travels onwards to the airport.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved the Kempinski Mall of Emirates Hotel	We stayed 4 nights at the Kempinksi in July and had a wonderful stay. The hotel rooms are very well appointed with luxurious furnishings and fantastic bathroom. The hotel staff were very courteous and attentive, particularly at the swimming pool. The location is great - particularly in the extreme hot weather, you can enter the Mall of Emirates shopping centre and Ski Dubai from the hotel foyer without stepping outside.	
Jul 21 2008 	Super service at the Kempinski	The Kempinski is a lovely hotel; An impressive triple height entrance greets together with a warm and friendly welcome. We arrived earlier than the stated check-in time (after an overnight flight) and whilst the room wasn't ready, every effort was made to accomodate us. Our mobile number was taken and we were promised a call when the room was ready. So we left our bags and went and found ourselves a coffee watching the early morning skiers at the Dubai snowdome. After an hour we decided we had waited long enough and, notwithstanding that no call to the mobile had been received, went back to the reception to see if our room was ready. It wasn't but a different room was and with a free room upgrade later we found ourselves in a huge room. Unfortunately it was a smoking room and as one of the party was an asthmatic it was not any good. A call to reception later and after a further wait (but still before the stated check in time), we were accomodated to another room (back down to the standard of room we had actually booked). We were told this room was smaller than the upgraded one, but if it was we couldn't tell. Instead we had a much better view over Sheikh-Sayed Road (a busy road but not something we could hear) to the Burj-al Arab and Jumeriah beach hotel.The room itself was very modern and large. We had a separate living area, bedroom and a massive bathroom (complete with an amazing shower). Having stayed at plenty of 4 and 5 star hotels around the world, we would definitely consider this to be up there with the best. The daily breakfast was diverse and very tasty; definitely all tastes were catered for - from full english breakfast to pastries and fresh fruit.We didn't make full use of the facilities at the hotel (tennis courts, outdoor pool etc.) but did make use of the gym and found it to be well equipped, not large but with very good modern equipment.We liked this hotel for its location (plenty going on in the mall of the emirates), the staff (attentive and friendly) and the luxurious surroundings of the hotel. Whilst not on the beach, it is in a good location for exploring Dubai and right next to top quality shopping.	
Jul 1 2008 	Okay stay	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in a deluxe room. The hotel itself was great. The rooms were huge! The location of this hotel is the reason we chose to stay here. It's directly connected to the shopping mall which is great as you can do a bit of shopping and also there are a number of restaurants to choose from. The hotel also has a small swimming pool and sun loungers for you to relax - once you don't mind the huge number of business people that seem to pass by here daily. The food in the restaurant was very nice . There is a huge buffet in the morning for breakfast. Definately something for everyone. While we enjoyed our stay here we wouldn't be in a rush back. Dubai itself is one huge construction site. We were glad that we did not stay at a beach hotel as we were horrified to see the beaches surrounded by cranes. We went to the Burj Al Arab for dinner while we were there and I have to say that this was most definately the highlight of our trip. The food and the service was fantastic. If I was to go back I would stretch the budget and stay at the Burj.	
Jun 29 2008 	Nice Rooms	The Hotel Was very good. I recieved a complementary upgrade to an executive room. Very nicely decorated and equipped.The lobby has a ventiliation problem with smoke from the kitchen seeping in. But a very modren lobby nonetheless. unmatched shopping location. WiFi was not free :(	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic Room	We stayed at the Kempinski Mall of the Emirates for 4 nights in May 2008. This is a fantastic hotel, perfect if you are in Dubai for shopping.We had a Grand Deluxe room which is more like a junior suite. It has a separate lounge and a small kitchen area with a small dining table and 2 chairs. The bathroom is massive with a separate shower and WC. All very luxurious. There is a large flat screen TV in the bedroom as well as in the lounge plus a DVD player. I loved the amount of storage, they have 2 seperate cupboards to store you suitcases. This was one of my favourite hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.The hotel has a very busy atmosphere with loads of people entering, leaving and waiting. We had a room only rate but as the Mall is just downstairs you can get breakfast there.	
May 11 2008 	A Dream Hotel	Fantastic location built onto the Mall, which is the second largest in the world, with about 600 shops. It is also attached to the Ski Resort.The quality, cleanliness and service could not be beaten. Somewhere to unwind from the hassle of life.	
May 10 2008 	Great base for UAE travel	We booked a five night stay at Kempinski's for two reasons. Firstly because it was far enough away from Dubai we knew we wouldn't spend our break away stuck in traffic, secondly because of the attractions within walking/close driving distance of the hotel.Kempinski's is a beautiful hotel. A lot of attention has been paid to the whole building and the design is tasteful and elegant. Check in was a little slow, especially considering we arrived at 4pm (two hours past hotel check in time.) We had asked for a non smoking room and had to wait whilst one was cleaned and made ready. After a 30 minute wait we were allocated a room on the 7th floor that overlooked the pool and Burj Al Arab. The room was pure luxury and the bathroom was to die for. There is a turn down service each night and chocolates and bottled water are left on each side of the bed as well as the sofa bed if you have children with you.Breakfast was included as part of our package and there was ample choice. Service in 24/7 was superb and in general the staff at Kempinski's were all very polite and welcoming.Free valet parking is available for guests of the hotel which was much appreciated after long days out. Our only disappontment with Kempinski's was the slow reaction to any room service requests. On our first night it took 3 phone calls and over an hour to get a sheet and blanket to make up the sofa bed! A request for a glass of milk and an ironing board both took almost an hour!Walk out of the foyer of Kempinski's and you are in the wonderful Emirates Mall - a shopper's paradise. Also attached to the hotel is Ski Dubai, one of the wonders of the Middle East and definately a must for all travellers. How many people do you know who can say they went skiing in the desert?Don't miss dinner at Mina A' Salam. This hotel is a stunning interpretation of Arabia and the food at the international buffet was superb. They also serve an English afternoon tea which can be taken outside, overlooking the azure sea and Burj Al Arab.If you hire a car make sure you get Sat Nav. Drive to Jebel Hafeet and have tea at the hotel at the very top of the mountain then go back down the mountain to Green Mubazzarah and take a dip in the hot springs, said to host excellent medicinal properties. Another trip not to miss is a visit to Hatta Herritage Village. The drive takes you past some stunning scenery and if you leave around 4 pm you'll be able to watch the 4 wheel drive jeeps dune bashing as the sun sets.Wouldn't hesitate recommending Kempinski's to any travellers to UAE.	
Apr 22 2008 	Wow!!	Stayed here for 2 nights in September 07 during Ramadan. The location is fantastic - it was so easy to wander into the Mall of the Emirates and look around. Via taxi it didnt seem to take too long to get anywhere (watch the drivers and count your change out loud as EVERY trip they tried to shortchange me!).The hotel was just stunning - the room was luxurious and the bed was so comfy - just what was needed after a long flight.The staff went out of their way to be helpful - particularly the lovely staff at breakfast who took time to explain to us all the unfamiliar arabic foods - which were delicious!The pool area was lovely - as it was so hot we swam before breakfast which was a great way to wake up.Was completely awed by the hotel and would highly recommend it.	
Apr 18 2008 	Room With A View	Stayed for 8 nights in April 2008, we stayed in a Grand Delux Room , the room was fantastic, with a lounge and a massive bedroom and fantastic bathroom. The Shower was amazing. The view we had was fantastic of the Burj Al Arab and Jumeriah Beach Hotel The Hotel was also fantasticaly clean. We had breakfast in the hotel each morning , the staff where very attentive and there was a vast array of foods ( i was partial to the chocolate doughnuts).The hotel is next to the Mall Of the Emirates which is convenient for the shopping , food courts and the Hop On Hop Off Bus goes from the Mall.The pool was small but we could always get a lounger at all times of the day,.We tended to eat at the Souk Madinat ( a 5 minute taxi journey away) which had lots of restaurants on the waterfront where you could sit outside with the backdrop of the Burj Al Arab.We had Afternoon Tea in the sky view bar at the Burj, which was expensive but well worth it, the plates of food where filled as many times as required.There is a new metro being built that runs straight past the hotel.We really enjoyed our trip.	
Apr 18 2008 	Lets call it a mirageon a building site.	After the journey and bad road system it looks big , but inside the great lobby you begin to realize its a front for the ski slope and shops.They are the stars. Odd taxi drop off &amp; pick up. If your room is at the ends of the block its a long walk. Some defective lamps and shower head fitting.Thin but large bath towels. Smart room and quiet. Lacks personality. I would stay else where, with a garden or beach, (if I were ever tempted to return, which I doubt) and visit the Mall to watch the ski slope,see the great shops, and eat the better food. &quot;Almaz by Momo&quot;, next Harvey Nichs. Avoid Armani coffee bar and Pauls. Lots of food choices, but not all are serving alcohol. Was charged for mini bar items we had not used but this was eventually corrected.	
Apr 11 2008 	Great luxerious hotel with amazing spacy rooms.	I stayed for business in Dubai, and brought my wife for this week. We decided for the Kempinski because of the reviews here, the location and we have a good company rate here. I was suprised by the high standard of the room we got. Huge bed, sofa arrangtement and a large flatscreen in the middle of the room. The bathroom was also huge. The poolarea was small, but exclusive. The service was in evey places excellent. At the pool, in the restaurant, reception and especiall the doormen did a great job. Even that this is an exclusive hotel, we never felt uncomfertable there. One of the best hotels I have ever visited on business trips.	
Apr 7 2008	Nice Hotel	The Kempinski Mall of the Emirates is a great hotel with a great location. We stayed there to enjoy the lessons for skiing and took two Grand Deluxe rooms. We were a family of five and it fit us fine - one king bed and sofa bed in each room. There was an eating area, separate living room and the bedroom. The bathrooms were equal to those of jumeirah quality, very luxurious. We got a good rate better than most of the hotels in Dubai. I would definetly stay here again.	
Apr 6 2008 	Jewel in the crown	My husband and I stayed at the Kempinski in Nov 07, as we drove up to the hotel it was very impressive. The service is extremely good on arrival and the checkin was very quick and professional. We were both extremely impressed with our suite, It was spacious, clean and very modern, the bathroom boasted a separate toilet and shower room. The Pool area is positioned on the roof, at times the noise pollution from the near by motorways was a little annoying but the idyllic surroundings more than made up for it. The views of the Burj al Arab are decent, it is a good taxi ride away. The great thing about this hotel is that it is attached to the Mall of the Emirates, and Ski Dubai, two of the main attractions of this forward thinking city. The front of the hotel is a busy hub of taxis coming and going which is great if you want to get out and about and explore. The bars and restaurants are very good except the 24hr restaurant, the service in there is quite disappointing, a bit like the food. Overall this very elegant Hotel left a lasting impression on us both and hopefully in the not to distant future we shall be returning.	
Apr 2 2008 	Good Hotel .. Very Friendly Staff ..	I've been to Dubai for a short visit. I've booked a deluxe twin room online through the hotel web site. When I arrived to the hotel I've been told that my room has been upgraded to a suite.The suite was ok, little bit dull &amp; dark. Although I've rquested a twin beds, I've been given a double bed. The suite size was a little small, bed room was too small, the bathroom was very larg and beautifully cladded with white marble &amp; the amenities were fantastic.The breakfast was included in the price of the room, the restaurant was fine nothing extrodinary &amp; the breakfast was ok, all the necessary things to start your day. &amp; if you don't like their breakfast ,, just get down to the mall &amp; garb a doughnut &amp; a great cup of coffe from anywhere you like.The main advantage of the hotel is the Mall. You'll find anything you want, starting from cinemas, shops, supermarket, wide selection of restsurants (fast food, gourmet dining, cafe's, juice bars, etc.) .. &amp; many many many shops &amp; brands .. I assure you ... you'll never get board .	
Feb 26 2008 	Big hotel big rooms	Went to Dubai on a business incentive trip. The hotel has a good location for shopping and the Mall of the Emirates is massive. I also had a lesson in Ski Dubai which was interesting. Room is really big with separate lounge and massive bathroom. However I got a non-smoking room and when I tried to change they didn't have any rooms available on the non smoking floors (6&amp;7) so might be something to check when you're reserving. Food was good in the hotel and we had an excellent lunch on the terrace one day. Pool was nice also. There would be a great view of the Burj but on lower floors might be obscured by the metro being built right outside. Hotel was good but if visiting again I think I would try a beach location as traffic is really bad around the hotel due to the mall	
Feb 20 2008 	Nothing but Luxury	We went to the Kempinski Mall of the Emirates for a birthday in November. On arrival we were met by a member of staff who drove us to the hotel, he was very friendly and accomodating. When we reached the hotel, we were welcomed exceptionally well, the porters and the concierge were very very friendly and we couldnt help but make friends with them. Nothing was to big or small for them, all you get at this hotel is complete and utter LUXURY!!! The rooms were very nice, comfortable and spacious and the bathrooms were the same. It was a lovely hotel and I would defo go back!The only thing that I would fault would be the pool area, this is very small and almost on the rooftop. Compared to other places I have previously visited this hotel has the smallest pool. Although if your a shopoholic and enjoy a spot of retail therapy then this hotel is for you. It is a stones throw away from the mall which has all you could ask for, i dont think i managed to name one shop which wasnt in there!!! The food is slightly overpriced at the hotel, although it isnt extortinate. With the Burj al Arab opposite the hotel and the mall of the emirates on the other side with skidubai this hotel truly is central and magnificent. Would defo go back again!	
Dec 30 2007	A Real Experience Wonderful Access to the Mall offering inferior services	A must see hotel if you are interested in an ultra modern, luxurious, over-staffed, over-priced, under-serviced type of stay.Suite and rooms were spacious and elegant lacking nothing and leaving little for the imagination, shower room designed like a Turkish bath, bathroom very small but convenient, nice lit drawers and cabins to store your luggage, nice plasma TV in living room and bedroom with limited choices of TV channels.Gym was very well equipped, with a personal trainer always in attendance; pool is for relaxation and sunbathing not for athletic or serious swimmers, check in was a big hassle, so was the checkout, so was getting the access card, so was getting an extra pillow or a quilt cover.A different experience altogether, but I don’t think the location or the view from this hotel competes with a place located on a beach like Jumairah, or a hotel with easy access like the ones in Shaikh Zaid Road.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Stay	A friend of mine told me to try this hotel and I'm happy i took his advice. I stayed here in september for 5 nights, we requested an early check in as i arrived in Dubai at 7 am, got to the hotel at 9 am and the room was ready. We had a Grand Deluxe room which was pretty much a large junior suite. Room was faultless in every way. The bathrooms were great and the hotel had every facility that we needed. I have stayed in many hotels in Dubai and all the newer five stars tend to keep a very high standard but this hotel is definitely one of the better hotels I've stayed at. We only had two problems over the 5 days: 1. The room service was unbelievably slow and 2. The Lobby was always boiling hot. Besides that, a very very good hotel indeed.	
Nov 27 2007	Absolute Luxury	We spent a few days at the Kempinski on our return from Turkey and the Greek Islands and found it to be just fabulous. The attention to detail throughout the hotel is amazing, the service unsurpassed.Would highly recommend the Kempinski for its extreme luxury, convenience, huge shopping mall and ski run attached to the hotel. An experience not to be missed.	
Nov 8 2007 	Simply wonderful!	This was a first visit to Dubai and was a stopover on our way to Europe. We loved every second of it - even through our bleary eyed, tired and fatigued haze.Arrived early morning to a spectacular and tasteful lobby and reception area. We received no objection to an early check-in and were shown to what turned out to be an amazing suite. It was very spacious with a separate bedroom, lounge and small dining area. Giant bathroom with lovely tub, twin basins and big awesome shower and a separate toilet. It was beautifully decorated and spotless - it was such a pleasure to fall onto our luxuriously appointed and wonderfully comfortable (twin) beds for a recovery snooze after a long flight. We had a view of the back of the hotel and so looked on the indoor skiing centre which although is not picturesque is still rather amazing to see.We missed breakfast but were able to take it in our room instead early the next morning prior to checkout, without a hassle. We had a really nice light lunch in the lobby restaurant and proceeded to explore what can only be described as a shopping mall on steroids - well, it is unlike anything we have at home anyway. The hotel/mall is a little far from downtown Dubai and Deira (souks) but cabs are cheap (watch out for peak hour traffic - it's a nightmare!) if you need to leave this mammoth complex or want to explore further.After this wonderful introduction to Dubai we were very much looking forward to our second (and longer) stopover on our way home. Would definitely recommend a stay here!	
Oct 13 2007	Fabulous!	From the minute i arrived on an early flight at the UK, I was able to be checked in early which was great.....straight to the pool!This was my second trip to Dubai, so after staying in the Burj and the Mina Al Salam last time around it was always going to be difficult!The hotel was fabulous and after reading previous reviews I knew I would not be disappointed! I knew travelling alone, I would possibly not be allocted a large room, so I did have a room at the end of the corridor on the 8th floor (overlooking the outside of the ski slope!) Not quite the Burj but I didn't plan on being in the hotel as there was sunbathing and shopping to be done!The hotel staff were all very pleasant and nothing was ever a problem. I spent a few days at the pool and a few days at the beach at Umm Sequium (next to Jumeira) which was only a short taxi ride away! I was there during Ramadan so the facilities were restricted (ie no pool bar ) but to be honest it was just very relaxing and the temperture was just a little cooler than their hot mid summer temperatures!With travelling on my own, it was nice to feel safe and secure in the surroundings of the hotel, with the shopping available till 1am! I did not make use of Ski Dubai, but coming from Scotland the last thing I want to see is snow!Overall, the room was outstanding, very modern finishes with a fabulous bathroom with bath and shower, large tv and dvd player and a really comfortable bed!I was very sad to be leaving after 6 days as it had been a very relaxing trip for me, which was exactly what I had been looking for! Everything was within 5 or ten minutes in a taxi and I even managed a fun trip to Wild Wadi!I would most definately recommend this hotel to anyone, although it is very business focused, so there are a lot of people wandering in the lobby in business suits rather than being more leisurely dressed as you would maybe find at the beach hotels! So best to pack your case accordingly so you dont stand out!!!I would go back to the Kempinski next week!	
Sep 27 2007 	Very convenient	Stayed here for one week on a business trip, chosen due to its close proximity to the office (Emaar Business Park). Was there during Ramadan and the very hot and humid month of September. A True 5* hotel, the entrance and lobby are huge and the air con is perfectly balanced. I stayed in a Grand Deluxe room, upon arrival I asked for a room with a view of Burj Al Arab and this was no problem (room 825). The room was large and the bathroom was amazing.I only had breakfast once (this was brought to my room) and this was the only disappointing part of the hotel experience, included items listed on the menu where not there, due to my hurry to leave that morning, I had no time to ask for another. I did complain about it, they apologised but did not offer to take this off my bill.The location was ok if you like shopping due the large mall attached, or indeed skiing. But please note that it is surrounded by very busy roads, in no way could you walk anywhere but to the mall. Its a good job the taxi's are cheap.	
Sep 15 2007 	A great Location for a Shopping Spree	We recently stayed at Kempinski Hotel, and found the service and all amentites top standard. Check-in and out was efficient. The room we had was a deluxe and was modern with a comfortable bed and lovely bathroom. Cannot fault the room at all. Room service was efficient also. The convenience of this Hotel attached to the mall is unbeatable, great if you are on a shopping holiday or on business stay. Recommended.	
Sep 14 2007 	Nice rooms reasonable service bureaucratic Internet access	I've stayed here a couple of times &amp; have liked the rooms &amp; bed both times. The rooms I have stayed in are one room for the bedroom &amp; one small sitting room. Both have lovely flat screen TVs &amp; the beds are very comfortable.The buffet breakfast in the lobby is perfectly adequate &amp; the staff will get anything you want &amp; are very attentive.Check in is a little laborious, with 200 key strokes on the computer (why, why, why?) &amp; scanning of the passport &amp; all that. However, checking out is quick &amp; efficient.As others have said - the easy access to one of the biggest &amp; best malls in Dubai is very attractive. You want to see a movie, shop, eat, even ski - it's all there!The only minor niggle I have is Internet access. Increasingly this is a must have for business travellers. For some reason here, there is an easy way of accessing if you use the cable access &amp; you need to wait for someone to come to your room with a card if you want to use WiFi.... ?	
Aug 3 2007 	Convenient if you want to shop or ski	I stayed 4 night for business and much prefered it to Emirates Towers.The room was well decorated with a sitting area, DVD player and flat screen TV.The bathroom was one of the largest I've been in with a separate bath and walk on shower.Room service was fast, staff pleasant and the food was actually compared to many other hotels..All in all this is a good address if working off the Sheikh Zayed Road or want to go shopping/skying in the evening.+ size of room and bathroom+ Food+ service+ pool+ in The mall of the Emirates- Not much to do in the evening - By Dubai's main motorway	
Jul 23 2007	Great Hotel in the wrong surrounding	I loved everything about the hotel. The modern touch, the Lobby, the rooms, the serice , and the idea of having it attached to the largest mall in the UAE. Its nice having to wake up and just spend a few steps to a humungous mall with various restaurants and cafes. If ur planning to spend your whole time in the Jumeira area this is the place for you. It is a bit far from the center of Dubai and the traffic is very bad in the area and it is worse inside the hotel valet area.Another problem is the amount of kids running around in the hotel rooms and the lobby. In my opinion a hotel that is extravagant in design such as this oneshouldn't be a part of a big mall.It ruined the whole modern atmosphere.	
Jun 18 2007 	Good aminties ... BAD sevice	The positive ... nice lobby and hotel amenities ... nice bathroom and shower The negative ... very very bad service. I stayed in the hotel with my wife and my 2-year old daughter. My daughter was a little sick, so she threw-up a little on her little bed ( a cheap bed that was brought after constant demands). I specifically asked them to change her bed. After I came back to the room, it was messy and dirty as it was as if it was invisible to them. Also, the two bath ropes were taken away without replacement! They explained this by saying that the hotel was fully booked and the laundry was over loaded!Never accept the “corner room”. It is extremely small and the TV is put at an angle from the bed view point. The result, terrible TV watching experience. It’s worth mentioning though that it was a nice Plasma TV with TV-internet.On their website, they mentioned that they had special things for kids (little rope, welcome gift … etc.). well, this is absolutely not true. When I asked about that, they had no clue and they promised to check it with guest relations and get back to me. They never did.I would definitely suggest going to the other mall-hotels in Dubai. Or a beach hotel.I will never ever go back to this particular Kempinski.	
Jun 1 2007	Amazing amazing!!!	Just got back from a week holiday at Dubai staying at the Kempinski. And to sum the hotel up - perfect in every way!! I cant even think of anything to complain about, only positive feedback!Hotel is in a great location, attached to the Mall of the Emirates so this is the perfect hotel for shopaholics!! Also, its very central to alot of the main tourists spots in Dubai. Hotel always has a line up of taxis at the door step so never a problem getting around.Hotel staff including the concierge were extremely lovely and professional. Always going out of their way to ensure you have a comfortable stay.The room is gorgeous. We stayed in the Deluxe room and it really was a huge room. 2 plasma televisions, and the bathroom was stunning with white marble from top to bottom. Views from the room was stunning - direct views to the Burj.Food was 10/10 and plentiful.Pool was very nice, and pool staff were amazing. Always at hand to attend to your needs. Providing cool towels to cool your face and fresh fruit regularly to ensure ones comfort.Struggling to find something to complain about but cant!Would most definately recommend staying at this hotel. Have stayed at many many 5* hotels around the world and this one by far exceeds the standards most set for themselves!	
May 6 2007 	Friendly yet Luxurious	We stayed for a week in October 2006 during Ramadan. We are a family of four, 2 children aged 2 and 6.We knew we were in for a good week when we arranged for the hotel to pick us up from the airport. We were transferred in a brand new Audi A8. Didn't cost much more than a taxi.We stayed in a suite in the hotel, which was perfect. It effectively separated us from the children and with 2 flat screens, they could watch DVDs' whilst we watched TV. Everything in the hotel was pretty new, the bathroom was really nice with a proper shower room. Loads of towels and no problems at all.Service was superb in every aspect. The food was good and the hotel were always happy to help, we even ordered items which weren't on the menu.The concierge and doormen were fantastic. There is always a concern when staying in a 5 * hotel that children aren't catered for but our son was the darling of the place, we think because of his fair hair and blue eyes. Every day our son was greeted with a hello and a smiling face (as we all were).There were two pools outside with a pool bar and the hotel staff were very attentive; always ready with life jackets for the children.I'm trying to think of things we would change and it's difficult. A larger options for the menu? That's how difficult it is.Our room had a spectacular view of the Burj Al Arab, and the sun would hit it evey morning and give us amazing views.Other things to note about Dubai, the Wild Wadi park is a must. Entry isn't cheap but we thought we'd spend the morning there and didn't leave till after 7!We've stayed all over the world in 5 * hotels and this is up there with the best of them. Would we go back? In a minute.	
Mar 5 2007	security........	The security need to be sorted out!!!!Since I lived in Dubai myself I'm aware of the problem hotels have with escort girls, this doesn't mean every women is one!! Our room was booked for 2 and my husband and I checked in without problems. After a night out we returned to the hotel and got questioned by the hotel securtiy, this is not a problem wasn't it for the way of asking.The securtity spoke only to my husband and asked if SHE was staying with him in the room. My husband gave them our room number and said that they better get there information straight. After a few dirty looks we were allowed to go to our room.I thought this situation was bad enough but the next day after dinner outside of the hotel it happened again! This time a different securtity officier said that it was against the rules of the hotel and country to take girls to your room. My husband got terrible upset and said that we would go to our room and that he wanted to speak to the manager in the morning. We went to our room and when we arrived, we got a phone call from the security, we needed to leave the hotel or they would call the police. My husband said we wouldn't leave and if they wanted they could call the police since we didn't do anything wrong and that the hotel would be in trouble.After that phone call we went to sleep (of course i couldn't sleep) and the police never arrived. Next day the Hotelmanager appologised to us and said that there information was not correct and that they checked our details and everything was ok.For me this was a very bad experience and I felt terrible. And for all of you thinking now that i was wearing close to nothing to cause this trouble... I'm telling you I couldn't be more decent respecting the rules of the country.The hotel in general was nice, we really like the bathroom! So Please, this hotel really need to train there securtiy staff how to treat people. Don't assume, get your information correct. RESPECT that is the most important thing!If we were questioned with respect we would not be so upset.I'll never stay in this hotel again, i write this because i hope they sort it out and that other women don't have to experience what i've been trough.	
Feb 27 2007	A very nice hotel...	I stayed at the Kempinski while on a business trip to Dubai. It's a lovely hotel with beautiful rooms. I received one of the rooms at the end of the hotel, so my room was actually a bit cramped. However, my colleague who also stayed there had a larger room, so I recommend requesting a room that is not at the end of the hall.The hotel lobby is nice and feeds right into the Mall of the Emirates, so if shopping is your thing, this is an excellent place to stay - very convenient. Taxis are easily gotten at the front of the hotel as well.As I stated, the rooms are nice but the bathrooms are wonderful! Very large with a huge tub and separate shower. The service was also quite good, from the conciege, bellhop, room service staff and business center staff. Extremely professional and friendly. The only complaints that I have about the hotel are limited food choices in the hotel (but the close proximity to all the restaurants in Mall of the Emirates more than makes up for it), and the smallish size of my particular room.It is a bit more centrally located that some of the beach hotels, so keep that in mind if traffic is a concern for you - you will definitely hit some traffic snarls at some point or another. But aside from those minor issues, this is a great hotel and I would definitely recommend it.	
Feb 15 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We have just returned from the Kempinski and our 11th trip to Dubai.I would like to congratulate the hotel on providing an excellent level of service and also offering an interesting alternative to the beach hotels.We arrived on the early flight from London and we were able to get an early check in, the Hotel also upgraded our room to a Junior suite which was fantastic, with a lounge area, sleeping area and huge bathroom. The decoration is modern and stylish (which is sometimes rare in the region!)Although the pool area was in the shade until around 11.30 once the sun was on it was great and was remarkably peaceful given its proximity to the Sheikh Zayed Road.The service from everyone at the hotel was excellent throughout and the management team should be proud of their staff. The restaurant options were somewhat limited although the ones we tried (24/7 and Sezzam) were very good and reasonably priced, however I would recomment using the hotel as a base to explore the many restaurants that Dubai has to offer.Finally having the Mall on the doorstep was great, shopping is one of the main leisure activities in Dubai for both tourists and locals and it was great fun to people watch as well as to pick up a few bargains. Also the bizarre sight of the giant ski slope in the middle of the desert is not to be missed and certainly those people who were there with children certainly seemed to be having a great time.So in conclusion a great hotel and certainly worth considering if you want a change from the beach.	
Jan 11 2007 	Amazing room great location good service	we arrived in dubai on an overnight flight from london at 7am. got to the check-in desk at 9am and was expecting to have a wait for our room, but we were assigned a deluxe room on the 4th floor straightaway.our room was stunning. probably the best hotel room my husband and i have ever stayed in, and we are frequent &quot;luxe&quot; travellers. room is divided into 3 main parts - a sitting area with small dining table, sofa, armchair and flatscreen TV + DVD player; bedroom with another flatscreen TV and the most comfortable king bed ever; large bathroom with jacuzzi bath, his n hers washbasins, large rainfall shower cubicle, separate WC.we did not eat any meals at the hotel, but who needs it when your hotel is attached to one of the world's largest shopping malls? it was great to be able to pop out in the morning and grab a quick coffee and croissant before hitting the shops &amp; Ski Dubai (which was a little disappointing). this hotel will appeal to business travellers, sophisticated leisure travellers and of course die-hard shoppers. families with kids will enjoy the Ski Dubai complex. the hotel's infinity swimming pool looked great but it was way too cold and windy for swimming! we did visit the madinat jumeirah complex, which is very impressive, but did feel very much like a theme park. recommendations: get concierge to book you in for the Desert Safari. For Dhs250 you get picked up from the hotel at 3.15, then a 45 min drive to the Big Red desert, 2 hours dune bashing (seatbelts are a must!), then to a bedouin camp for a traditional BBQ, shisha, camel rides, quad biking, sandboarding, belly dancing, etc, before being taken back to the hotel at 9pm. also if you want to have dinner at any of the restaurants in the Burj al Arab (7* hotel), make sure you book at least 2 weeks in advance. check out the buddha bar in the grosvenor house hotel - gorgeous bar and surprisingly non-snooty door staff!note: if you book your room on the kempinski website, u get a very good rate plus a 40% meal voucher redeemable at one of the hotel restaurants or free entry to the ski park.	
Dec 31 2006 	LOVED the Kempinski @ Mall of Emirates	WOW, what a beautiful hotel. I must say that my room and sitting room was beyond words. Beautifully designed. High tech. I believe we booked a Grand Deluxe room. Spotless and beautiful everywhere. I could have moved in and lived in this space as a small apartment. Was actually sad to leave this design marvel. Breakfast buffet in the lobby was healthy and tasty. Check in was swift and there is a huge water wall that runs a tremendous area- just magnificent. Bored? Not here. A few paces through the lobby and your in the Mall of the Emirates. Did anyone say,shopping???? Well not today, today we're off to Ski Dubai. For $35-$40 USD all you need is your hat and gloves (pack them) and they'll supply the clothes and ski equipment for 2 hrs of skiing. I thought my husband had died and gone to ski in Dubai heaven. Hungry apres ski ? Well you're in the &quot;MoE&quot; so its all food and shopping all the time. Just the best. This hotel had the location, shopping,food, and room that's first class all the way. Sheer perfection from very critical travelers.	
Nov 14 2006 	FANTASTIC!!!	Absolutelty Brilliant hotel!!! Superb staff, helpful and friendly, always welcoming with a smile- no attitude at all- chilled out atmoshere!! Big thank you to Sandeep at reception and Muhammed at the Spa who was promoted to working at the reception and made our stay at the hotel even better than it already was - well done and congratulations from me, B.Food was delicious!! chef's were sooo good, being a vegetarian im a fussy eater, but the chef's were so accomodating, cooking food that was abolutely finger liking good!!! Also the hotel restaurant was open 24/7- so you can have hot food, fresh any time of the day- Big- up pat on the back for the Management of the hotel!!:o) who I did not get to meet and thank- you have excellent staff, without a doubtFantasic location, shopping was excellent mall of the emirates was slick!! No disappointments- just a quick taxi/bus ride to the city centre for the beach and other shopping malls etc Snow park was good too- if you think its too hot outside lol!!Great view of the Burj Al Arab and Wave hotel from the roog of this hotel!To round off, this hotel - simply the best! I would definetly visit this hotel again and recommend it to others. Once again well done to the management of the hotel.Bayant, Darshan and Avtar, Thanks to Mr Palray- stayed 5th-12th Nov 06	
Oct 6 2006	Amazing		
Sep 29 2006 	Its a new hotel so beware		
Sep 19 2006 	Bad Cutomer Service		
Sep 17 2006	Just what we wanted		
Aug 13 2006	perfect...		
Jul 25 2006	Perfect destination		
Jul 20 2006	Great hotel...shoppers will love it!!		
Jun 27 2006	Loved It		
Jun 18 2006 	Kempinski - excellent!		
May 20 2006	An Absolutely Wonderful Experience--the Kempinski-Dubai		
Apr 20 2009	ci ritornerei subito!!		
Jan 4 2009 	Hôtel idéal !		
Oct 11 2008 	????????????????????		
Jun 11 2008 	Kempinski Dubai Da Mille e Una Notte		
