Nov 14 2009 	Clean and friendly hotel	The hotel room was quite spacious and clean if a little tired with a well-equipped kitchenette with microwave, small hotplate and appliances such as toaster, kettle, etc. Close by was a good supermarket with Waitrose branded products!!! There was also a washing machine although I did not use it. The ensuite was quite acceptable. The staff were friendly and always helpful courteous. It was close to a future metro stop and within a moderate walk to an open station near the Burjuman Shopping Centre. For a budget hotel it was good value for money.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Value	I stayed for 7 nights at the Belvedere Court Apartments from 18 Jul - 25 Jul 09. It was offered to me by a Dubai Tour Operator and after reading reviews on tripadvisor regarding this hotel, I didn't think twice about booking it. It was affordable, perfectly situated ie close to Karama Shopping area, Beach and Spinneys Supermarket is also within walking distance. Service was excellent, although having said this, I think that the restaurant staff could do with a little more training in that on at least 3 occassions, there was a shortage of glasses for the juice, and the hotel wasn't that full at the time. Guests had to ask for the glasses. What I also found a little unprofessional was the fact that the porridge was re-filled into the bowls in full view of guests .... would have been better if the waiter took the bowls into the kitchen, filled them there and then brought them out again. Other than this, I'd definitely recommend this hotel, rooms are spacious and the bed is HUGE. Every room is equipped with tea/coffee making facilities and a little kitchenette which includes microwave, fridge, cutlery &amp; washing machine. There's also a bus stop across the road .. bus trips are cheap and buses come along frequently on this road. Alternatively, if you're returning from somewhere, you should ask the bus driver to drop you off at Big Spinneys (there's a few and we weren't aware of this until a taxi driver dropped us off at a different Spinneys) or Burjuman Centre....these are the landmarks close to the hotel from where you can walk.	
Mar 18 2009 	Perfect !	I've been in Dubai since January for business and will stay until end July. I bumped into this hotel by luck as I wasn't especially looking for an hotel appartment... Service here is always great, and even though it's an hotel, rooms are furnished enough to look like it's home ! And location is very convenient: close to the beach and to main roads, &amp; neighbourhood is full of restaurants and local souqs,So, strongly recommended either for business or leisure !=D	
Mar 16 2009 	Lovely	we had a stopover for 2 days at this hotel..n trust me it was too good!!!We had a one-bedrrom apartment with a seperate kitchen with washing machine, fridge, microwave, cutlery n many more things...not to mention 2 lcd tvs in hall and bedroom......bedroom was huge, done up beautifully, soft mattresses n pillows u can sink into.The hotel entrance is good, fancy lifts n all.Cant think of any negitive points...plz check out photos which i hv posted...	
Mar 5 2009 	jewel of a place	Came accress this place by accident on the internet and what a little jem it is.Entrance hall all marble and brass with a glass elevator. I had a room with 2 double beds,cooker,fridge,microwave and washing machine and giant TV. A/C was very efficient.Breakfast was served in a lounge and plenty were having it but I had breakfast meetings all week so did not indulge myself.No room service but the reception had take away menus which you could have delivered to the room.Very nice pool on the rooftop with sun loungers.Good and clean and reasonably priced for Dubai at $154 for a room that would sleep 4Burjuman Mall is only 5mins walk as is Spinneys supermarket	
Nov 21 2009 	hotel tres classeriena dire		
