	Excellent	I arrived at Dubai airport approx 0330hrs local time, not sure where to go but decided to try my luck to get early check in surprisingly they manage to give me the room. The staff there are very friendly and helpful. We really enjoy our stay there. Room is very clean and tidy.	
Nov 11 2009 	here again. very good service as always	I have already written about htis hotel. even if I stay in this hotel since long time, quality of service never goes down. very helpfull at front desk. it is not that new anymore but still very clean and well managed.Roberto	
Nov 9 2009 	Great service and reasonably priced	I was a bit nervous when booking this hotel as I did not know much about Rydges or Dubai and the hotel was quite reasonably priced compared to others in Dubai .However, we were very pleasantly surprised. The staff were very helpful and the hotel was clean and had lots of restaurants and a lovely pool. We tried the Italian restaurant and thoroughly enjoyed it - also had a discount for being a Rydges Priority GUEST (not chargeable).The service in this hotel was excellent.Convenient location for most places in Dubai.Highly recommended.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good value Stopover	This hotel is not pretentious and I would not recommend it if you were staying for a long period, as it does feel a bit 'businessy' but for a stopover it was perfect, bed was comfy and room spacious. It was our first trip to Dubai and boy was it hot! I mean really hot, don't expect to be able to wander round outside in the sunshine in September - the sunlight hurt my eyes (as the song goes!) Rydges had good aircon; a very good breakfast and spacious room which, whilst a little dated, had everything we needed - tea and coffee, complimentary water and including iron and ironing board. While we were there the pool was being refurbished and this was a bit of a disapppointment as when we arrived we could have done with a cool off in the pool - never mind. There is so much to if you are just stopping over, you really don't have time to laze! Dubai is fascinating and our highlight there was the Bateaux Dubai cruise on the creek - this is something I would highly recommend (dinner was first class - wine was first class price!). Malls were amazing and I'm sure we missed loads - museum was great.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great memories at this hotel..	I've been at this hotel for one night only in August 2008. The suite and the service was perfect. This hotel is the best talking about the value for money.Recommended	
May 19 2009 	Superb Hotel	I stayed here for four nights in May. The hotel is situated on Satwa roundabout which is about half way between Bur Dubai and the north end of Jumeirah beach. Also, Sheikh Zayed Road is only about a mile away (In fact, you get a fantastic view of the tall buildings along SZR). The staff here are extremely polite and professional. As this hotel is smaller than the grand five star hotels the staff can offer a more personal service. I arrived at the hotel before 7am but was offered a twin room immediately. However, as I wanted a room with a king size bed I opted to wait until one was available. They let me use the showers in the gym in the meantime. Due to the recession the room rates had been reduced since I booked so the manager arranged for my prebooked rate to be amended which saved me quite alot. There are several restaurants here although I didn't try any because Al Dhiyafa Road is teeming with good (and cheap) restaurants. The hotel offers an airport shuttle but a taxi is cheaper. There is a swimming pool, jacuzzi and sun loungers on the first floor with a gym adjacent to it. A good tip is to join Rydges Priority Guest Club; it's free to join and you get a 10% discount on the room rate and 20% off of other hotel services. There is a laundry very close by which only charges six dirhams per item (much cheaper than hotel laundry rates), and a male hair and nail salon called Diva on Al Dhiyafa Road (well worth a visit gents!). All in all, a very good hotel.	
May 14 2009 	excellent	big and clean room, excellent location in the middle of Dubai, good distance from souq and Jumeirah, all taxies know where Satwa roundabout is, excellent service they helped us to contact flight company for details and more.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent	I was working in Dubai initially for 7 days it ended up 17 days, I was booked in &quot;Le Meridien &quot; for the first week but decided to stay for the next 10 days somewhere half the price which did include Breakfast, I thought the service, the rooms, the restaurants where all excellent and the location is good for the main streets, I would definitely stay here again when I return.	
Apr 28 2009 	Rydges Plaza	Really enjoyed my stay at the Rydges. Stayed three nights on business. This is very sad to say but i have finally stayed at a hotel where the iron actually irons creases out of the clothes. This wasn't the only good point but is worth mentioning. The rooms are spacious, clean. The hotel has several restaurants, chinese, indian, american, mexican, aussie and italian. Only tried the italian (superb) and aussie (very nice). The Aussie legends bar is good, watched grand prix on massive screen. Supermarket and shops close by, taxis easy to get hold of. Staff very friendly and helpful. Would stay here again.	
Jan 26 2009 	great location and staff	This is my fav hotel in Dubai, not the newest or the fanciest or the most luxurious, in fact it is getting a bit dated, however ,is in a great location and the best staff of any four star hotel i have ever been in, and most 5 stars ,many off the staff members been there for years, tells its owns story.Has three really good restaurants, breakfast is pretty average, and like all Dubai very pricey, however this is the best , of the bunch by far....The rooms are ok ,but the beds are great.Dubai is expensive , like an earlier writer, a drink now 10 bucks or 7 pounds, eating out is mega expensive, and Dubai at these prices quickly becomes very boring.	
Jan 21 2009 	Good for a stopover	We stayed here for 3 nights en route from the UK to Australia as we wanted to see some of Dubai and break the trip up a little. The hotel is situated on a busy roundabout in a business district. The rooms are very large with very big and comfy bed, big bathroom and living area with sofa. The TV was good with 2 english film channels and cnn and bbc news. The hotel has an aussie legends bar which opens till about 3am and has pool table and tv's etc but i warn you now, if you like a drink or two, take plenty of dirhams... Alcohol is very expensive.. A pint of beer, ie stella, heinekin or guinness will set you back circa 35 dirhams.. at the current rate of about 5 to the £.. it works out to about 7 quid a pint !!!! Spirits and wine even more expensive. This is the same as everywhere in Dubai. The hotel has a good choice of restaurants, indian, chinese, italian etc and again it certanily isnt cheap but very nice. Roughly expect to pay 15-20 quid each for a steak or decent main course.Most attractions are a cheapish taxi ride away but not walkable. Taxi's arent expensive and you can get to most attractions for less than a tenner. The airport is only 10 mins away too. On the way back from Oz we again stayed in Dubai for one night but this time at the Arabian Park Hotel. This was in a better location right near Wafi Shopping mall where all the good shops and restaurants are and is only three years old so is very contempory inside with a nicer pool area although smaller rooms..... If i was to return i would probably stay there rather than the rydges but both are nice. Any questions please feel free to email me	
Oct 28 2008 	Good  but could be much better	My wife and I stayed here for the first time a few years ago, only for a couple of days stopover.Could not get the Arabian Courtyard so used here as a fall back. We stayed nine nights.It was better than average, but some of the staff need training in customer care and smiling!We stayed on the Ex Floor, and it was probably not worth the extra cost.It got very crowded on the last couple of days and that really stretched the hotel services and staff.Food generally was good although we had one bad expereince in the Italian outlet. Not handled very well.Would recommend for a few days, we probably just stayed too long.	
Oct 18 2008 	Nice but nothing flash.	My wife and I stayed at the Rydges Plaza for 2 nights on a stop off from Mauritius and although by standards in Dubai it is relatively small, but UK standards it would be classed as large.Rooms are olde English style, but fairly large with a big bathroom and our room had huge full length windows with amazing views over the Marina side of the city.It is situated in the shopping district and is on a roundabout on a very busy main road, but taxis are easy to get right outside the hotel.Hotal staff are extremely nice and the pool area is lovely. There are 9 restaurants in total. Although being we were only there 2 nights we tried the Mexican restaurant which didn't serve much Mexican food and the English pub which served great pub lunches.We booked this through Mercury Direct and they were very impressive as all our transfers were seamless and their representative who came to see only us at the hotel couldn't have been more helpful and he also booked us a tour of Dubai which I would strongly recommend if you are only there a short time. For £40 a SUV vehicle took us anywhere we wanted to go.....so over 5 hours with him we saw almost everything. Tips include Souk market and Jumeira Beach.The rep also booked us for dinner at Burj Al Arab, which was something else. He also persuaded us not to book a la carte and go for the buffet, which was amazing. £150 for 2 people (drinks not included), also a trip up to the Skyview Bar is well worth it, although cocktails are £25.The Rydges Plaza really appealed to us as we didn't have to find our way around a huge hotel and was well situated.Would definitely return.	
Oct 18 2008 	good average place to stay	Stayed two years running.Staff good and helpful. Couple of nice bars, particularly an Aussie one. Breakfast included in tariff and very plentiful.Central to most areas.Nothing really flash compared to some of the Dubia places but clean, comfortable with a price to match. Would class it about 4 star Australian standardWould stay there again.	
Apr 9 2008 	What an Amazing Place	We stayed at the Rydges Plaza in Dubai for 2 nights at the end of our holiday to Sri Lanka. The Rydges Plaza is not a jaw dropping hotel as are a lot in Dubai but it is very impressive. It does not have a beach location and is sited on an extremely busy roundabout. This hotel is not for anyone looking for a beach holiday.I have to say I was surprised on arrival outside that there were no porters to help us with our cases and we had to wheel these in ourselves. The check-in however was very smooth and a porter did then appear to escort us to our room. The room was fine except it was twin beds with no option to push them together so I went back to reception and the room was changed immediately to one with a double bed. The room was very very nice, spacious, with a very large bed, sofa, table, TV tea and coffee, fridge and plenty of wardrobe / drawer space. The bathroom was absolutely beautiful, huge walk-in shower, bath, marble vanity sink etc. all in pristine condition the view from the window however was non-existent and all that we faced was an adjoining roof. The room was also quite dark even with all the lights on. The breakfast in the hotel was superb all cooked to perfection and even though buffet it was all hot and the scrambled eggs weren't rubbery !! The breakfast restaurant overlooks the swimming pool which looked very pleasant although as our stay was only two days this wasn't of interest to us.We had lunch in the restaurant on the 2nd day as they offered two for the price of one. It was very nice but I have to say it was an Italian restaurant and as I can get italian food at home, I would have preferred something more &quot;arabic&quot;. There is a nice bar / restaurant called St Andrews where smoking is allowed and the menu looked very nice if you want a sort of pub meal.Dubai is an an amazing city with an incredible skyline. I was surprised at how clean it was.We had booked to have cocktails at the Burg Al Arab on our first night and this was an amazing experience. The hotel is fantastic and it's well worth a visit just to see it and the view from the Skyview Bar on the 27th floor is incredible. We then had dinner in the Lebonese resturant at the Royal Meridian Hotel. The food was really really lovely and the setting is perfect well worth a try.We were lucky enough to get talking to a taxi driver who offered to take us to the best (most inexpensive) shopping places the following day. We agreed a very reasonable price with him and he was incredibly helpful. We were looking to buy quite a lot of things and he took us to all the right places and we got everything we wanted and saved an enormous amount of money. In the afternoon we went on a Desert Safari which was great fun and very good value. They collected us from the hotel, you then have the ride in a 4 wheel drive range rover through the desert over the sand dunes (very bumpy) but hilarious. Afterwards you arrive at a sort of bedouin camp and can partake of camel rides or race around on 3 wheel dune buggies. There are shops and side shows in the encampment and early evening there is a lovely barbeque dinner with belly dancers etc etc., it was a thoroughly enjoyable trip and for £35 each I thought it was great value.We were dropped back at the hotel at 9.30pm and alas all too soon our time in Dubai was at an end and we flew home the next day.I would definitely go back to Dubai and would use the Rydges Plaza if I were not intending a beach holiday. I think it is more suited really for people staying in Dubai for business.We were so impressed with the city we are looking into possibly buying an apartment there.Joy	
Mar 10 2008 	Great value Hotel friendly staff	We wanted to try Dubai while the shopping festival was on we had never been before, a friend had stopped at Rydges a few years ago and recommended we might look at it.Web site was good and accurate, important point join the Rydges priority club and save from memory 10% immediatley on accomodationPlus the card gives you discount on drinks and meals, about the location Hotel get a cab from the Airport about 45AED part of that is about 20AED supplement from the airport ,going back was only 25AED. Hotel located centrally on Satwa roundabout taxi 15 to 20AED to Jumeriah beach and 5 AED to get in marvellous beach and facilities.Hotel can't fault food Mexican, Chinese, American, Indian, Italian Restaurants used them all typical meal in all 45 AED and each night one has a special 2 for the price of 1 plus UK and Aussie style pub with food.In terms of food and drink no real need to leave the Hotel on the evening, there are typical restaurants Lebonese, Chinese, Thai, Indian and of course local ones on the surrounding streets near the Hotel.Breakfast in the Hotel think it was 65 AED a little pricey but first class and set you up for the day, altenatively turn right outside the Hotel and down the street 100metres. You will find the Organic Supermarket and Cafe, great value for food and meals in the Cafe breakfast 25AED.Hotel fabulous central base, some of the Hotels you see on the Web sites are 20 - 25 mins from the center of things. Traffic in all areas manic between say 8.00am till 10.00am and 5.00pm to 8.00pm so avoid these times. In summary great value central accomodation, our room was spotless all staff excellent....the pool area is good for swimming and Sun bathing. Can't say anything negative on our experience.Phil Doncaster	
Feb 26 2008 	Great little hotel	16yrs ago, I flew to Dubai to take part in the Dubai 7's - I'd arrived ahead of my fellow team-mates and we were all supposed to be staying in the Chicago Beach Hotel. When I got to arrivals a man from the Chicago Beach was waiting for me and with profuse apologies explained that the hotel was overbooked and for the first night, they had re-housed me in a different hotel - little did I know that I would be staying in the same hotel 16yrs later!The Rydges Plaza has had a few bad reviews on here - primarily it would seem due to either the furnishings or the location. I would like to challenge these reviews as I've just got back from a very pleasant 4 night stay here. It's not a theme park, it's not a luxury enormodrome and it's not by the beach. It is VERY central, and it's got some character.LOCATION:Right on Satwa Roundabout, the hotel is minutes (depending on the traffic!) from the creek, the airport, Sheikh Zayed Road, the beach, anywhere. The taxis are cheap, safe and regular. OK, so there's a fire station opposite and a mosque over the road - but what do you expect, it's a city centre hotel not a luxury beach hotel. The local area is full of decent cheap restaurants, and there's a supermarket 3 mins walk away.ROOMS:The rooms are large, well furnished spotless. The bed in our room was very comfortable and absolutely massive. The bathroom was large, with a huge walk-in shower and plenty of smellies etc. TV was good - plenty of channels (BBC/Star etc).EATING/DRINKING:Breakfast was great - tasty and fresh, staff very attentive.There are about 6 eating establishments in the hotel - didn't use them at all other than for a sandwich by the pool for lunch - which was fine. There's a Chinese, a decent Indian, Mexican, American and Aussie Bar. The bar, Aussie Legends was packed on the Thursday - decent enough prices for a beer too.FACILITIESA small but perfectly adequate pool area - not really a hotel for sunbathing. Large gym/health club. Business Area. Internet access etc.Overall an excellent hotel, spotlessly clean, staff who went out of their way to ensure that we were well looked after. Maybe I don't expect the world when I check into a hotel but I know what I want &amp; I know what I like - and this one ticked all the right boxes.	
Oct 29 2007 	a bit dingy	Bedroom was dark, dingy, depressing and didn't smell great. The internet connection was dial-up so, unless they fitted broadband since, no use for the business traveller. Breakfast was about OK, Italian is a kind of pizza restaurant, Aussie bar great, and a Keralese curry house which is spot on. Located on a noisy roundabout within walking distance of nowhere. Staff were pleasant enough but overall quite depressing and not a place you would want spend a lot of time in. Interestingly though, they had the EvertonFC TV channel which was a nice surprise.Might go back to the curry house.	
Sep 16 2007 	Great Base for Dubai	My husband, 2 year old son, and I stayed at the Rydges Plaza in Dubai for one night in August on the way to the UK from Melbourne in a Deluxe Room, and then 3 nights in an Executive Room on the way back home to Melbourne in September. We found the Rydges to be a great hotel, which although was a little dated in it's decor, was clean, comfortable and central to everything that we wanted to do in Dubai. The staff were sensational (they seemed to love our son!), the breakfasts were great value, the restaurants reasonable and it was a great place to relax by the pool and recharge the batteries after a long flight. I would recommend the Executive Room as you are entitled to free drinks and canapes each night, and the rooms are larger also. We only had 2 minor problems - first being the courtesy bus seemed to miss picking us up both times that we arrived into Dubai airport, meaning we had to take a taxi. And secondly, it seems the 'scam' that previous readers had come across regarding mini-bar was also tried on us - but we point blank refused to pay for this charge, and it wasn't processed.Apart from that, I would recommend this hotel and we will stay here again when we return to Dubai.	
Aug 30 2007	Great place to stay	Stayed here for four nights after travelling back from the Maldives in Nov 06. First impressions were ok but that is probably after the excellent accomodation we had in the Maldives, saying that it grew on us very quickly and we thought it was also excellent by the time we checked out. Staff very friendly and helpful, everywhere clean and tidy, breakfast was super, food and drink taken in the St Andrews bar no dearer than London. We took the courtesy bus to the beach literally a five minute drive, and when it was time to leave it was there sitting waiting for us, fantastic . If you are planning to stay in Dubai i would recommend this hotel, its location is great and it is easy to get anywhere quickly depending on the time of day.	
Aug 12 2007 	Not a typical Dubai hotel	I stayed at the Rydges Plaza for five nights and loved it. I liked the fact that it is so close to a residential area, the local shops were so much cheaper than the malls.I tried several of the restaurants and had fantastic meals every time. Room service and the buffet breakfasts were also way above what I expected.I found all the staff friendly and very helpful and the service became more personal after a few days. The pool was never busy, in fact there were never many people around, except in the restaurants. The laundry service was reasonably priced and so efficient I was tempted to do all my washing before leaving! The free internet was another bonus.It's not a hotel for those looking for luxury in Dubai, but you get what you pay for and if you want a small, friendly base where you can explore from it's perfect.	
Jul 22 2007 	Pleasant hotel	Only an overnight stay at Rydges. The staff were very helpul and the room clean and comfortable. The hotel had a courtesy coach so we were able to be picked up from the airport and returend which saved a lot of hassle. Breakfast was very good and we also had dinner at the Italian resteraunt in the hotel which was excellent.A pool was available however beacase of a paucity of time we were not able to make use of it but for a longer stay it would be a welcome respite from the heat and traffic of the city.	
Jul 2 2007 	Loved it!	My husband and my 1 year old daughter along with my brother -in-law and girlfrined stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in feb 07. I liked it and plan to return in Jan 08. I read the reviews on this web site before I booked it and even though there were some mixed reviews and i was abit nervous, i was very impressed with the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. There was always a taxi outside (Which arevery cheap). We were on the executive floor and the large king size bed was bliss. I also liked the b'fast and being able to sit near the pool and have it was nice. The pool and spa were also a treat forus and having a few restaurants within the hotel also helped with travelling with an infant.	
May 28 2007 	bit out of the way	the hotel is a bit away from it all, opposite a roundabout,but no noise was heard.the free shuttle to the beach too ages,the beach was quite farand the return pick up took forever.we had to catch taxis everywhere,which did cost us alot.there is nothing near the hotel, nearest shopping centre is 10min taxi ride, and gets longer in traffic!the nice thing about the hotel is, there is a nice indian restaurant on the top floor, we ate there twice,and the swimming pool was ok.the breakfast was a bit boring,and the tours were expensive.wont stay here again as its too far from everything.	
Apr 22 2007 	Better than most	I was transiting back to lovely Kabul from Thailand and booked two nights at the Rydges. I frequent Dubai quite often and enjoy staying at different places so this was my first experience with this property. Booked on-line with the hotel directly for 600 AED a night which I thought was well worth it. The hotel has an Aussie Legends pub that had a live band and was really rockin when I arrived at 11:00 PM. The rooms are nice and the king bed was perfect for my weary head - after a couple pints in the Aussie pub. There's an Italian Restaurant on-sight that was crowded when I arrived so I assume the food is pretty good. I had lunch the following afternoon at the St. Andrew's British pub on site and I have to say - although a little pricey - the meal was fantastic. The pool and gym facilitiesare pretty good and food/drink service right to your sun bed starts at noon. There's a business center right near reception that has 4 computers to use for free. Airport transport is free as well but theyonly go on the hour so plan accordingly although taxis are so cheap in Dubai. The location is good and taxis are plentiful and the doorman has no problem going out in the street and hailing one for you if there isn't one waiting. As many travelers to Dubai know - there's so many different classes of hotels and you can literally spend a fortune staying in some not so great places so for the less than $200 a night category - the Rydges is tops. It always amazes me how cheaper places offer so much more for free than the more expensive (5-star) places (i.e. airport transfers, internet, free morning paper).I'm sure I'll stay here again as Dubai is quickly becoming one of my easy escapes from Kabul.	
Apr 1 2007 	Old and tired	We arrived and were immediately aware that this was not a 4 star hotel, which it claims to be. We refused the first two rooms offered as they smelt very damp, as if unused for a long time, the shower areas were dirty and the furnishings well past their sell by date. We were there for 3 nights and never saw the pool area tables receive so much as a cursory wipe with a cloth. On a positive note the staff were courteous and helpful but face an uphill battle with conditions as they are. However they did try the water scam referred to by a previous review.	
Mar 4 2007 	Would Return	Visited Dubai with my 19 year old daughter. No complaints at all. Pool was great. Great for visiting both old and new dubai. Spacious clean room, good choice at breakfast and staff were very helpful. Courtesy bus to beach. No problems getting taxi's which were very inexpensive. A good location. Had to get late flight back to Dublin, and managed to book room until the evening at half rate.	
Mar 4 2007 	magic	stayed with my wife for 5 days here. flew from glasgow with the rest of our family as they were returning home to sydney. stayed bed and breakfast restuarents in hotel great. for evening meal. booked tours through hotel 1 every day and good value for money and guides excellent. weather very hot. shopping ask reception to get you a taxi to a shopping mall about £2.00 they are massive and air condition also hotel has a bar	
Feb 25 2007 	Functional	The Hotel has seen better days but was functional. We were in transit to and from Australia from Scotland and the travel agent booked us into this hotel. It was a twenty minute journey from the airport and situated on a busy roundabout. The police and fire station are on the roundabout and they DO like to hear their sirens when they are going in and out of the station (all times night and day) The local mosque also broadcasts a call to prayer about 5.15 every morning.The staff were very friendly and gave us access to our room at 9am despite the booking saying we could not get access till 11am. The breakfast was a buffet style and more than adequate with a good choice of cold and cooked food. We ate in the hotel Italian style restaurant and in the St Andrews Bar where the food was good and relatively cheap.The hotel has an enclosed courtyard out the back with sun loungers, a small pool and a jacuzzi. In addition there is a well equipped fitness room.Not the hotel to spend a week or two at but certainly worth a couple of days stop over if you are in transit.	
Jan 20 2007 	return to rydges for sure	my wife and i plus my 2 girls stayed at rydges plaza for 2 weeks in oct 06 and found it excellent value for money we had adoining rooms with a single front door the rooms were spotless and well apointed seperate bath and shower panoramic views from the 2 full lenth front windows staff at hotel pampered to our every request door staff remember your name nice pool and excellent gym small sauna and steam room enough bars and resturants to keep you satisfyed lovely coffee bar in foyer and kids had hot chocolate everyday and said it beat starbucks i would strongly recomend this hotel it is in walking distance to shops mall and cafes especially in evening people watching locals play basketball from the outdoor sports facillitys outside hotel taxis are allways at front door and cheap we hired a car arranged from hotel at less than eurocar with valet parking and helpfull tourist trips arranged dont miss the sanddunes jeep safari there was a good cross section of people we met at hotel some on holiday some business i heard or saw no reason for complaints worty of a visit mark conroy kirkcaldy scotland	
Jan 18 2007 	cramped	stayed here for the dubai world cup, staff very good , hotel not so good , three of us put in what can only be described as a single room, camp bed provided as third bed, moved to another room after complaining but this was not a lot better even really bad smell, charged for mini bar usage that had not taken place, would not return or advise anyone to	
Jan 11 2007 	Loved the hotel 	Stayed at Rydges over Christmas excellent services, staff was very friendly and helpful.We had slight problems with our room which was speedily and efficiently resolved by the staff moving us to a suite. Will be booking again at Rydges for another holiday	
Jan 1 2007 	Adequate	Friendly, helpful staff. No problem with obtaining taxis but you must be aware of rush hour and complete lack thereof during this time - this has no bearing on the hotel. Buffet breakfast was adequate without being outstanding. Noisy location - heard prayer calls every morning from around 5.30am and could also hear running water from floor above that was being renovated. This is an old hotel that is clean and tidy but is in need of refurbishment.	
Nov 1 2006 	Fine - but no taxis	The hotel doesn't look that great from the outside, and inside it doesn't get much better, but it is adequate. My room was spacious was but very dark because the window was quite small. The hotel did not have internet access other than in the business centre which was annoying, but the restaurant/bars were okay and the pool was lovely for a late afternoon swim. The location depends on where you need to be, but it's quite close to the new World Trade Center - taxi availabilty was a bit of an issue though.	
Oct 8 2006 	Great hotel excellent service	Very Clean nice room lots of places to eat and drink in the hotel and is on a street that has many restaaurants. We really enjoyed our stay taxis are cheap also to get to major attractions. Would reccomend.	
Sep 25 2006 	Quaint lil hotel in the miccle of time	A hotel between the old and new cities. It was nice to see both parts of dubai. Had we not stayed here we probably would not have experienced the true Dubai. SO glad we did.If you are one who is looking for all the luxeries and glad rags then this is not the place to stay, but if you are one who just likes experiencing new things and is not bothered by fakeness, thne do stay here, its a nice little hotel, the clientele are very mixed nationalities and overall was a pleasant stay.taxis are very very cheap so it did not matter - we could get to any point easily.	
Jul 26 2006 	A Very Disappointing Stay...!!	I was in Dubai last January on Business and stayed in Rydges due to its proximity to my business location (Al Dhiyafa street). The hotel is an old one with 1980's worn out furniture. The bathroom fixtures are also rusty. The staff at the resturant and reception are very rude and would not rise to a level of one star hotel. The breakfast was the most misrable part of the stay. They served basically bread/butter/jam..!!! I had to get into an arguement with the heasd waiter just to get an omllette!! Another negative side is the lack of car parking space in front of the hotel. You may have to park your car at a good walking distance across the street. Housekeeping was also not impressive. I recall having left for over 10 hours and back to find the my room was not cleaned.I have stayed in many hotels in Dubai both 4 &amp; 5 stars...but this is difinatly the WORST hotel in Dubai.Would not recommend it for any traveller.	
May 21 2006	Good Hotel	We were recommended to stay in this hotel by a colleague - and it was a good hotel . The dining options are very good and reasonably priced - the Chinese is very good , the Australian Bar is a good night out on ladies night. The pool is a little small - but I don't think you go to Dubai to sunbathe . The hotel forms an excellent base for shopping - taxis are so cheap that you can get any where	
May 19 2006	Nice Hotel friendly staff	The Dubai Rydges Plaza at the Satwa Roundabout is fine hotel. Location is a little out of the way as it straddled in a residential district between 'old town' and 'new town'. However, this is a strip of shops and resturants nearby. Taxis are so cheap in Dubai anyway. Increasingly to with many attractions being build away from the Deria district (Burj, Malls of the Emirates etc) being next to the creek is not as important as it once was.We found the staff friendly - and were delighted when after a 14 hour flight they allowed us to check into our hotel at 6.00 AM.Rooms were very spacious and clean.	
May 16 2006	Good central hotel	The Rydges Plaza Dubai is a really good hotel. It has a good pool area with outside sitting round it in both the sun and lots of shade. There is also a jacuzzi pool. Although it doesn't look a particularly big pool area, it is perfect in size and there is never a rush for the sunloungers. The internet cafe is free and has 4 pcs for use and there is a fairly large gym with lots of weights. The food and drink is really good - with lots to choose from. Hotel has Indian, Chinese, Mexican bar with tapas and a british pub along with an Italian on the front of the hotel. All good. You can walk out from the hotel down two large shopping streets - to pharmacys, supermarket and shops. It is easy to get taxis outside the hotel - you can flag them down if you walk up to the left on the corner of the hotel and they are very very cheap. (Just be careful you don't leave anything in the cab like we did - you've no chance of getting it back).Staff are very helpful and we had no problem with the 'water incidient mentioned'. Rooms are a good fair size, and we had one on the executive floor which was really very large - bath and large double shower along with the biggest bed ever. Air conditioning in hotel is fine and always nice cool temperature. Breakfast is usual buffet fayre, with usual hot food - make sure you ask for continental if that is what you want, otherwise they will charge you full traditional breakfast. My view is it is better to be here than on the beach - due to all the construction work ongoing in Dubai, and you can easily get cabs to the beach or malls as you wish.A good all round hotel (good quality high four star) and we hope to go back.	
Apr 20 2006	Good hotel - pity about the water!	Stayed at this hotel twice (April 2006), both before and after a trip to Australia. There is no doubt that the rooms are good, polite and helpful staff and a great pool area - however on both occassions our stay was spoilt by what seems to be a little &quot;scam&quot; the duty managers have running. On our first stay we were advised on check out (they send a man to your room before they check you out)that we had used a 600ml bottle of water in the fridge. We had not and eventually they accepted this. Guess what - on our return they did exactly the same. This time - we were tired having had a long flight- we accused them immediately of &quot;trying it on&quot; and they immediately accepted it. They did the same with two other guests as well. A good stay ruined by this little &quot;scam&quot;.	
Apr 13 2006	Good Hotel	Stayed for 7 nights at the Rydges Plaza. Had a great view from a room at the front overlooking the roundabout which was busy but noise hardly heard inside. Room very nice. Staff were pleasant and courteous, always smiling and ready with a greeting, and very helpful. Good room service. Breakfast was more than adequate with hot and cold items. Lovely heated outdoor pool. Choice of restaurants inside the hotel, e.g. Mexican, Indian, Chinese, Italian, American, with an Aussie pub and an English pub. Taxis were always readily available at the hotel - taxis very very cheap, what a great way to get around. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 28 2006	Good Price but a bit out of the action	There was a compulsory airport 'meet and greet' fee for this hotel. I was met inside the arrivals hall and handed welcome pack and a map of the terminal with a line indicating the route I should take, a bit like a treasure hunt with all the clues. The map wasn't really necessary because airport was very well laid out, but welcome anyway. I was welcomed again as soon as I arrived at the tour desk, and immediately escorted to a car where I was the only passenger and taken straight to the hotel, which was a big relief. Reception was impeccable, even though I arrived quite early in the morning, and I was taken straight to my room, although it was several hours before check in. The staff generally were a bit stiff and over formal for my taste but very, very polite. The tour company used by the hotel also provided a representative in the hotel lounge later that day who was very helpful giving information about various tours, she also telephoned another hotel to tie up the details of my booking for afternoon tea.The room was excellent, spacious, overlooking the roundabout with two double beds massive wardrobe plenty of storage space, tv cabinet with doors over the tv and tea making. The bathroom was spacious and well appointed too, with good toiletries including comb, repair kit etc. The only drawback was that they didn’t supply milk on the tea tray, only cream - but hey! isn’t that what room service is for?I wasn’t too happy with the catering. The buffet breakfast was OK but below average for choice. As a single traveller I found the large tour groups a bit daunting, and found myself feeling very daunted and isolated each morning sharing a table with a group of people non of whom spoke English and grabbed all the service. I found it very difficult to get more tea, and noticed that other English tourists were having the same problem. I waited so long for a refill that a member of staff came over to enquire whether I was all right. I only had one other meal in the hotel, which was room service. It looked OK but wasn’t cooked enough.It is worth exploring the area around the hotel which didn’t seem very touristy. There are lots of shops and restaurants, including a very nice looking vegetarian restaurant quite close by. There were always taxis to be had outside the hotel which were inexpensive and plentiful if you want to explore further afield. The only drawback is, if you only have a short time in Dubai, and you want to explore the old city, then the traffic and jams can be horrendous something like trying to travel from Chiswick to Hyde Park Corner in the rush hour. I would stay in this hotel again, but another time I would prefer to stay in or around the old city and tourist areas. It would be a good area for business travellers.	
Oct 17 2005	Very good value	We stayed at the Rydges Plaza Hotel in Dubai for two nights.The hotel itself is very nice and clean with large rooms and a number of restaurants. The pool, jacuzzi and gym are excellent. Service was impeccable and proactive. All employees were professional with a smile. The complimentary airport transfer and beach transport was great (and what a beach!). We strongly recommend this hotel with reasonable rates and a convenient location.Mother &amp; daughter	
Oct 4 2005	Very nice indeed	What a great ending to a wonderful honeymoon. The room was comfortable and very clean. We didn't dine there but the breakfast was a feast, with lots of healthy fruit on offer. The staff were very professional yet friendly. It is a bit out of the way of the city and the beach. However, the taxis are very reasonable. It really is a shopaholics dream come true, and we picked up some fantastic bargains. I asked for a cardigan, which had some loose threads to be laundered, and this was fixed at no extra charge. Little touches like that make a place extra special. It is well worth the 4* rating.	
Jun 15 2005	Superb Rydges!!!	Fantastic hotel all friendly nice rooms , In the city a bit but courtesy cars to beach, Top place to stay!!!!!!	
May 29 2005	great hotel very child friendly	A surprise in deed. Having stayed at the Al Bustan last year, which though rated as a 3 three here, is in fact a 5 star hotel, i was a little worried about staying at the Rydes. Not to worry, it is a very good hotel on the Satwa roundabout, no noise what so ever. nice view of the pool from the 2nd floor. Also a nice view of the Fairmont amd the Emirates tower. Firstly the restaurants, the Chinese, Italian, Tex Mex, Billy Blues and the Australian are excellent. Both bars are good, though the English bar can be quiet compared to the Australian. The rooms are very good, with very nice big bathrooms, with a good size shower. Found room service up to speed, and the cleaning staff were nothing but excellent. Breakfast is ok but if you have a long stay it could become a little too repetative. A mite too American/English for my liking, but still very acceptable. If you stay here, and i do recommend it. Get out and wander across the roundabout and walk along the streets. It's well worth it	
Mar 5 2005	A good all round stay.	We stayed here for three nights late January 2005 and arrived at the hotel at 7am following an early flight from KL. We expected to be asked to return later - the staff were very helpful and got us to our room within the hour despite being full the previous night . This was very much appreciated and made a really good start to our stay. The room we were allocated was spacious and well equiped as was the bathroom.There is a very good range of restaurants within the hotel, the Chinese was very good and very reasonably priced. We also ate in the Tex Mex which was ok food wise and the service was very good.In the breakfast room the service is very hit and miss - if there is a manager on duty then it's good if not then not good. All the other staff were very good.The location of the hotel is next to a busy island but this did not cause us any noise problems etc, it's very easy to get to all locations from there by taxi with reasonable/ cheap fares.We would go back again if returning to Dubai.	
