	Great Value for money	Clean and spacious rooms, Service was good however absolutely necessary I recommend that you eat outside.It is not very well known, it is centrally located for Dubai tourist points.Be sure to ask the address or take a road map, so that Taxi can take you wihtout any hassels..	
Nov 18 2009 	EXCELLENT	very good location not far from meena bazzar and metro station all within walking distance. The staff were excellent and the rooms are very spacious and cleaned daily. Breakfast provided was very good too. All the malls are well worth seeing and the trips booked with the hotel were excellent too.	
Oct 11 2009 	best hotel in the world!!!	i loved this hotel it was fantastic i really enjoyed the pool the had on the roof it was absolutely incredible the had tasty burgers nearby which was lovely also in the hotel they had there own coffea bean wich was exceptional	
Aug 17 2009 	No notes lost at Symphony.	Symphony is in down town Bur Dubai.Its a great place to stay.I enjoyed my stay thereand will always stay there whenever am in townbecause the staff are very polite and patient.The apartments are spacious,and sweetly furnished.Symphony is clean and the air conditioning excellent.great food,great staff,Gulu, great place.	
Jan 2 2009 	This Symphony misses a note or two	I stayed at this apartment as a second choice to the preferred option in Dubai (Xclusive). The cost of this place was a lot more than I expected to pay, but there was an exhibition on, so prices were sky high in Dubai. I read the other reviews here and people seem mostly positive.. well.. I unfortunately have to say that I think the place was below average for the price they charge.The TV's in the rooms were quite old, i.e. no flat screen’s. The reception staff were not overly helpful or interested in answering any questions or give advice.. The hotel does have a pool on the roof which is OK, it is quite small and very dusty, but you can also watch planes taking off. They are not close, but still about the most interesting thing the hotel has to offer. There is an &quot;Automatic&quot; takeaway place across the street, it is very good also.. I would recommend going there.About the room, the master bedroom was OK, but the second bedroom was disappointing. It did not have an ensuite, so you had to leave your bedroom if you needed the bathroom or wanted a shower. Not handy if sharing the apartment. There was also no TV in the second room or double bed. Just 2 singles.The kitchen (unfortunately no pics) was simple enough and had everything you needed to sort yourself out for your stay if you decided to cook &quot;at home&quot;. To make this easier, there is also a Spinnys supermarket just about a 5 minute walk away. The location is not that great, but it is a short walk away to the Burjuman mall if you want to spend all your money. I don’t have much to add, but I think the photos on their website make the place look fantastic.. but in reality its kind of waste of money.	
Dec 12 2008 	Nice apartment	We were 6 of us and booked a 3 bed apartment for 3 nights. The apartment was really spacious which 3 different bedrooms , a nice little kitchen and a huge living room with a balcony opening to the main road. The room had 2 bathrooms one ensuite and the other being common.There is a rooftop swimming pool, which looked good , however we never managed to find time to take a dip. They also have a gym on the roof top which is not great.The breakfast was inclusive and was a spread of 5-6 items. The good thing being there were sufficient options for vegertarians.The location is really good just off the main &quot;Bank street&quot; in Bur Dubai and behind the famous Burjuman mall. However the loaction makes sense only if u r interested in heritage and culture and want to get a feel of the real old dubai. Gold Souk is quite close if u take &quot;abra&quot; to cross over. We felt the staff was a bit ill equipped coming up with suggestions on night clubs / pubs / eating joints. So my suggestion is to plan ur stuff ahead and best to chk with friends (if any) in dubai.All in all , all of us loved the apartment for its sheer size and comfort.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good apartment hotel in downtown Bur Dubai	My friend and I stayed in a two bedroom executive (top floor) apartment for 6 nights. The apartment was large, clean, and modern with a large balcony, and two bathroom areas. The kitchen area is well equipped and the fridge is a good one. You get a large plasma TV in the lounge and in the master bedroom, plus a DVD player in the master bedroom. We got a good rate although the exchange rate dropped like a stone during our visit, so it will cost us more than we expected.Check in was easy and staff were efficient. I had a problem working the freeview/satellite box and staff were up quickly to help me out. There is no tea/coffee in the room which surpised me as the previous apartment hotel I stayed in did provide it as complimentary. Breakfast used to be served in the rooms but now it is downstairs in the small coffee shop. Only made it for one day, as it finishes at 10 am. It was OK and seemed to go on longer....The hotel is located on a side street fairly close to supermarkets, restaurants, fast food joints etc. Getting a taxi in our experience is not easy anywhere in Bur Dubai. We really struggled to get taxis outside the hotel, and had more success walking up towards the Ramada Hotel about 10 minutes walk. A previous thread talks about a hotel driver. I never checked this out, but it would possibly be worth considering instead of taxis, depending on the rates on offer.Broadband internet is in the room. Never checked this out, we used an internet cafe on Al Mussala Road (Changes from Mankhool Road) and leads to Bastakiya. There are a few on this road and the one we used was 2 dirhams per hour!! Locationwise is good for the Dubai Museum, Bastakiya, the Dubai souk and Abra stations to the main souks in Deira. A 15-20 minute walk to these areas. In mid October this was feasible but during hotter times you would need a taxi if you are not used to the heat. This is not a tourist area, but a bustling, busy city centre. There are however, a large number of apartment hotels in this location, so price competition will always be good.For everything else in Dubai, (e.g. the beach, resort hotels etc), taxis are required and are well priced when you can get them.There is a rooptop area with a small pool, chairs, loungers etc, and a small gym and sauna area.My only problem with the room was that in the smaller bedroom there was a constant dull noise coming from above on the roof. This was not a problem in the master bedroom. I assume this was the hotel air conditioning units. This was continuous throughout the night and towards the end of the stay was getting irritating. I used ear plugs in the end. This would only be a problem if you were (ironically) in the exec apartments on the top floor! We were in a corner apartment (707) so this may be an isolated problem.Housekeeping were OK, but a little inconsistent. They often did not replace the shower gel in my bathroom....and sometimes did the washing up and other times not. Did not empty the bin initially as I guess they did not know it was there....hidden under the sink! I tipped them a couple of times but it didn't seem to make a difference either way.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Place to beSingle and Family	Great Place for an organized single or family, Very Central, 10-15mins from Dubai Int'l Airport, Fully fitted and clean accomodations,Great Staff,Family Treatment. I've stayed here on the four occassions I've travelled to Dubai since November,2007. Cannot think of any other place now.No regrets. BasseyLagos , Nigeria	
Apr 24 2008	had a good time	I went to Dubai with my children for six nights and we enjoyed every day we were there. easyn access to taxis to the Gold souk,Karama center. Walked to Meena Bazaar,Cosmo lane,Burjuman Mall, Spinneys. It was fun. The staff were very courteous,from the bell boy to the front desk and the cafe staff. The housekeeping staff were very good as they cleaned every day without fail. We had a two bedroom apartment on the fourth floor and it felt like home with all the kitchen appliances present. We could cook from scratch and iron our clothes, reheat our food and even do laundry. I was home away from home for me and my four children. Its a place to be.	
Mar 16 2008	The place to stay	Good PointsVery polite and helpful staffClose to Burjuman shopping centre (2min walk)Quite areaSpacious roomsBad PointHotel café (this is solved by going to the food court at Burjuman or calling 181 to get the number for a takeaway)	
Feb 29 2008	4 star hotel	I found this hotel very good, very friendly and polite staff. Hotel is very near the shopping centres and it's very homely and lively. I will go there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	I don't recommend this Apartment.	Hi,Check in: Oct. 22, 2007Check out: Oct. 27, 2007Likes:1- Close to the World trade Center.2- Clean apartment.3- Room is large.4- DVD player.5- Kitchen.6- Washing machine.7- Close to Burjuman Mall.8- Brand new complex (3 months old since Oct. 2007).9- Microwave.Dislikes:1- Parking is hassle. If guest want to enter parking lot he/she has to horn if no staff hear guest MUST get out of their car and go inside the hotel and ask one of the staff to open the door. 2- Wired internet - they don't have wireless - is very expensive, cost AED 120 per day or AED 15 per 30 mintues. I have no idea why the reviewer before before me said it was FREE?3- Slow service, guest must call at 2 times to get what he/she wants.4- Weird look from the staff if guest arrive after 2:00 a.m. Don't know why?If you ask me, are willing to go back?Answer is NOIf you need anything don't hesitate to askWhiteHeart	
Nov 15 2007 	Great location great hotel!!	We stayed at the Symphony Hotel Apartments for 6 nights during October. This property in under new ownership and has been fully refurbished recently, so everything is new and luxurious. We arrived at the hotel many hours before check-in time, approx 5am. Surprisingly we were able to check-in right away without any problems. We were accommodated in a three bedroom apartment on the 5th floor. The apartment is very spacious in size. It has a balcony ( No tables and chairs unfortunately), kitchen with all utensils you would ever need, microwave, fridge/freezer, washing machine, TV, free view box (not many channels), DVD player (audio CDs are playable), dining table with four chairs, one three seat sofa, two sofa chairs, coffee table. The master bedroom has a king bed which has separate access to the balcony and is ensuite. There is no shortage of storage space; I actually kept forgetting where I placed my stuff as there where two many wardrobes.lol. The other two bedrooms are twin, each with separate bathrooms. The apartment was very comfy and modern. We had a very nice view of the Rolex towers from the balcony. The hotel is located behind the burjuman centre. It is a short walk to Bank Street, two spinneys outlets, McDonalds, KFC, Hardees, Meena Bazaar and many banks/ATMS. The hotel is located in a very ideal place and is walking distance to many places. Oh yea, it’s also a five minutes’ walk to the creek. The hotel has a rooftop swimming pool for kids and adults, a gym and a steam room. It’s nothing to write home about though. There is a cafe located on the ground floor. It’s absolutely disgusting and I would recommend not eating there, that is the nicest I can be in regard to the cafe. The staffs at this hotel are so genuine and caring. Never nosey and always there when you need them, just the right blend. They just couldn’t do more for us. I would defiantly recommend Arif, the driver. He knows Dubai inside out and is available most of the time. He drives a land cruiser (very nice). I advise using the car service from the hotel as getting taxis was such a headache for us. It actually works out cheaper driving about with Arif for the day instead of jumping taxis. Free broadband was also available in our apartment. The downside to the hotel is the cafe, gym, swimming pool, and the air-conditioning makes a lot of noise at night, but I would still recommend this place over many other places in Dubai.	
Nov 15 2007 	Kanonhotell med stora rena lägenheter		
