	Hotel that likes to sell NO	Breakfast was terrible, almost like having it at gasstation. Service was bad, they did not provide any shirt pressing service. Front desk had no manners, they would always start to do something else or talk to anyone else when I was talking to them about anything.	
Nov 25 2009 	Simple and good hotel	Hotel is very well located, close to shopping center Butjuman and supermarket. Simple, clean and quiet. Staff very friendly.Never tried the restaurant.Television could be better. I recommend if you are not looking for a luxury hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	In a word: Dreary	Spent five days looking at a slate gray wall next to the hotel. Couldn't see the sky or the street. Probably good because if the room was too lit up I'd notice more flaws in the construction. The hotel looks like it was built slap-dash. Tiles don't match, projects looks like they were started and changed in mid-construction. Lighting is not sufficient for the high ceilings. Furniture shows visible signs of wear. Ate breakfasts and one dinner in the restaurant. Not bad, but I'm not a fussy eater. Might be for someone else. Staff was nice enough, given what they had to work with.	
Jul 26 2009 	Lovely Hotel great location for the city	This was a newly built aparthotel when we went.Right behind the Bur-Juman shopping centre and nearby to mina bazaar, another local shopping district. However pretty far from Jumeirah Beach area.We had a family suite which consisted of 2 rooms, living room, kitchen and 2 bathrooms, both ensuite.Whilst this was an aprat-hotel it was like a normal hotel as there was a restaurant which served breakfast in the morning.The rooms were very well maintained and clean and we could not complain about any aspect of the hotel.The Bur Juman shopping centre is visible to your left as you enter the building. Staff very friendly, hotel very clean, rooms cleaned and made up daily.All in all, I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 30 2009 	Indian-centric attractive concept	The concept is Indian-centric - a full family staying together in a single place. With all facilities equipped, Grand MidWest gives a homely feeling. The restaurant isn't much to speak of, but Breakfast is provided in a full spread. No real complaint, excepting that the restaurant area is small, with seating for only 20 people at a time.Tourists have the freedom to relax and chill as they would, with the onus on self-service. Spacious 2BHK apartments make for perfect family accommodation.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Value - ideal for holidays	We booked our stay at Grand Midwest Apartment Hotel located behind the Burjuman shopping centre as independent travellers. Hotels in Dubai are expensive and then there are the usual extras for room service etc., We found the Garnd Midwest accomodation to be really clean and well located - just behind the Burjman shopping mall. Lots of local restaurants offering good value eats. The breakfast offer was also great - as usual we could not make it down in time so easy to take a selection of foods back to our apt with no fuss!The hotel has a good sized gym, Thai massage centre and roof top pool. Most days we had the pool to ourselves so no fighting for the last lounger. Staff were very attentive responding quickly to any issues raised. The only down side is that there is no shuttle bus to the beach - so if this is main reason for going to Dubai - you may need to consider this factor. We went to Juriemah beach and it was pretty crowded - we returned to the hotel and simply used the roof top pool and order lunch - at a fraction of the price compared to the beach. There are 2 supermarkets - Families Supermarket directly opposite and Spinneys about 10 mins walk selling Waitrose foods.	
Mar 13 2009 	excellent service clean nice brekky good location	Very vary about staying at this hotel, as very negative reviews on the net, BUT far from it! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, the hotel staff are extremely friendly, clean hotel, clean rooms, nice buffet breakfast, free access to the ameneties i.e. sanua, steamroom. No problems with checking in, the rooms felt like home but still like we was on holiday! 2 in 1!!If I had anything negative to say, it would be that the hotel exterior picture is a bit misleading, makes it look like a building free zone.....it is not!!! It is surrounded by buildings, we had building works interupt our sleep during the night! The bathroom needs a revamp, especially the bath-grotty bath tub. The lifts are dangerous, close too quickly, my little girl did get knocked twice by it. Also jacuzzi tub very dirty, but was cleaned once advised.Apart from the few negatives, we had a very pleasany stay, and I would return their purely on the basis of the location, room ambience and the extremely polite staff. Well done grand Midwest- keep it up.	
Dec 31 2008 	Not the best in Dubai	I stayed there for a week...I was supposed to have an aiport pick up but couldn't find the driver....when I arrived at the hotel i was charged for the 3 hours parking the driver had to wait at the airport...The reception staff are not the friendliest!!!The room was okay but make sure you put the water heater on!!!1st day had no shampoo or shower gel provided so make sure you get your own!The fridge is totally empty...The breakfast buffet was very poor too...The only good thing in the hotel is that it's a walking distance from Burjuman Center	
Nov 8 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed in 3 bedroom deluxe apartment which was huge! The apartment was cleaned and was spotless every day, we had free newspapers daily as well. Amenities included all the things you would need in a kitchen and iron, ironing board, etc. There were 3 toilets and 2 bathrooms in the aprtment!Staff were very friendly and polite. Breakfast was OK though tended to get quite overcrowded at about 9am. When we went, pool was not working. Mens jacuzzi smelt fishy and was not very clean! Gym was good though with new machines.Good location, 2 min walk away from Burjuman shopping mall and 10 min walk away from Meena Bazaar. Supermarket directly opposite and another larger one 5 min walk away.	
Aug 9 2008 	Not as good as it used to be	I was at this hotel for a month and in general it wasn't bad, but it has gone downhill the last few years from what I can tell. It is impressive when you first walk in, but as you settle down, you do notice some of the sofas are stained and after a while you do start to feel a general shabbiness to the place. Having said that, it has everything you need, adjustable air con, a TV, huge cooker/oven, gigantic bosch fridge, lots of cupboard space, DVD player and a free electronic safety deposit box. The gas stove and the oven don't work though which was a bit disappointing, plus the channels weren't always clear ( the staff fixed this for me a few times) and the DVD player didn't work either.....also my bathroom taps seemed to have two settings hot and hotter! .The breakfast was a buffet, mainly indian food, it was ok but a bit of a rip-off for 35dhs, especially since there are so many supermarkets in that area. 'Families' across the road then Spinneys(my favourite!) and Choitrams just a 10/15 min away.I used the gym everyday and it had all the basics,two treadmills, a crosstrainer, two bikes, and basic weightlifting equipment. It was often empty but I was there in the summer so maybe that's why. Swimming pool was a bit on the small side, not for serious swimmers and it can get quite full, if you go during the day but I was thankful not to see it filled with concrete as some other reviews suggested!All the plug sockets are English but for some strange reason the hotel staff plug european plugs into English sockets, like the iron for example and there was a bit of a spark when you unplugged it. The only real issues I had with the place was my phone, it was faulty and would ring in the middle of the night for no reason, even after staff had fixed it several times also the cleaners didn't clean the rooms very well. But the location is good, and don't worry about taxi drivers not finding it, they don't seem to know most places! Plus all you need to do is pick up a hotel card and pay attention when you arrive. The hotel organises airport pick-up which is 75dhs, a taxi would cost you maybe 30 max. Internet costs 15dhs an hour or 300 for the month.The hotel itself is good, location,etc.. and the rooms are huge but the extras, e.g breakfast, internet, airport pick-up are expensive and best avoided.Oh here's a tip, the laundry guy comes at 9am every morning to ask if you need laundry done, if you want a lie-in, stick the do not disturb sign outside the door the night before to avoid being woken up!	
Jul 9 2008 	Affordable / Great Area / Worth staying at	We recently stayed at the Grand Midwest Hotel Apartments and had a thoroughly enjoyable stay. We were a bit hesitant after having read some of the reviews, but were pleasently surprised. Our first impression as we walked into our apartment after a tiring 8.5 hour jouney was &quot;Home Away from Home&quot; , A spacious apartment, great location, Walking distance to the upmarket Burjuman Centre, A family friendly supermarket just across the road where you can get anything and everything.Friendly and accommodating staff, A lovely roof-top pool area which is very much in working order. This was definetly well worth the money and lives upto its standards of being 4 Star.I would definetly go back.	
May 23 2008 	A very good apartment hotel	Hi, I stayed at the hotel we took two bedroom apartment and it was amazing, clean and big! the only problem in this hotel is the breakfast which is not rich at all. I understand that since it's an apartment full of everything you need to cook, wash, iron..etc as if you are staying in your own home! The location is amazing for business travlers if they want to go to the WTC or Sheikh Zayed road is easy access from the hotel, it took me round 25 mnts with the traiffc jam of Dubai! which is very crazy. I recommend this apartment for families the two bedroom can accommodate 4 adults and two children ages 3-5 YOAbdul-SY	
May 2 2008 	Wildlife haven in the city	I've stayed in some great hotels in Dubai but unfortunately this was not one of them. Pleasant but badly-trained and inefficient staff, facilities extremely poor for the prices charged, and a general shabbiness and lack of cleanliness in the rooms. There was a strange smell in our apartment, reminiscent of wet laundry left to rot over a century or so, and we could not get rid of it despite burning incense sticks, spraying perfume and leaving the windows open. The cockroaches we shared the apartment with were not particularly welcome either but as it was only a three-day stay we managed to cope. What's the story with the &quot;massage salon&quot; on the roof btw? It's unlikely that this is a bona fide set up but then maybe that's what some of the hotel guests want? On a positive note, the lifts were great.	
Mar 20 2008 	four star hotel?i think not	me and my husband have just returned from our 'honeymoon' staying at the grand midwest hotel. It wasnt chosen by us,but was booked through my brother in law as wedding gift. Upon arrival at 3.30am,our bags were loaded onto the trolley immediately,and were seen to by a very kind gentlemen(i think the manager). We were upgraded without charge to a deluxe apartment as there were no standard rooms available. Throughout our stay,the bathroom was cleaned everyday and toiletries stocked full,however the bath needed replacing as it was very chipped. The rooms were tidied everyday without fail and very spacious.The swimming pool is NOT WORKING,they will fail to tell you this little piece of info as we found out the hard way when we checked on the pool on the roof,nothing but rubble up there. The breakfast was not to our taste,though all food was labeled for all foreign guests,and not much a variety,which they can do with. We found all male staff to be very helpful,esp RAM,the females MOSTLY will fob you off with incorrect info.They have cards to give to taxis drivers to locate the hotel easily.This hotel is advertsing as 4 star,however we experienced a 3 star hotel.	
Jan 10 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Having read a very negative review of Grand Midwest Hotel Apartments in Dubai on TripAdvisor before we went on holiday, I was a bit anxious about what we would find. We spent a week there on a family holiday in December and we found the apartment to be very spacious, clean, well serviced with very helpful staff. The small restaurant was just as advertised but the standard of accomodation and location in the city more than made up for that. This was not a 5* luxury hotel apartment, but reasonably priced, generously sized accommodation ideal for a family at a particularly busy time of year over Christmas.	
Dec 16 2007 	Very good value for money.	We stayed at this hotel for 8 nights in two different apartments with our two grown up children. I booked this hotel through a booking agency and paid $300.00 a night for a two bedroom apartment with a large kitchen, it also included breakfast. The hotel is a little hard for some taxi drivers to find but I had come prepared with the address and a map but the taxi driver ended up phoning the hotel for directions. The hotel then gives you cards to hand to taxi drivers that may not be familiar with the hotel. We arrived at 2.40a.m. in the morning but had paid for that night so our apartment was ready when we arrived. The check in took only minutes and the staff were very helpful. The male staff at the hotel were much better than the female staff. We found the apartment to be clean and spacious and the kitchen was great. We had a balcony which was great. The two bathrooms were clean and were supplied with the usual shampoo and other products. The breakfast are not great and we only ate there the one time. However this is not an issue for me because I much prefer to eat breakfast in my PJ's. There is a small grocery store right across the road that has all you need in the way of food and essentials but a short walk away there is a big grocery store. The doorman called Ram was the star of this hotel and such a lovely helpful man. The location of the hotel was great as it was close to Bur Juman a very upmarket shopping mall. This was great because the Big bus company had a stop there and we spent a day touring on the bus. You could either walk to the Bur Juman centre and wait for a taxi at the taxi rank or get reception to call one for you. The call out fee was about 2 dirham and it was worth it because taxi's in Dubai can be in short supply.We did note that some guest had problems with their bookings, one guest was complaining that his return reservation had been cancelled. We did not have this problem in fact we stayed for three nights and then left to spend a night in Abu Dhabi and had no problems. The second apartment we stayed in did not have a balcony but again was very clean and everything worked. The washing machine did have a problem and they came and replaced it the same day. I like having the ability to just relax and watch tv in your own apartment after a long day out being a tourist and this is why I prefer apartments to hotel rooms. They just have more room. The apartment was serviced daily and the cleaning staff were friendly and helpful. We used the gym which had excellent equipment and machines. We also used the sauna and the pool. The pool was clean and not too small or large for the number of people using it however there are not a lot of lounge chairs, although we never had a problem getting one. All in all for the price we paid, and Dubai is expensive, for the location, we could also walk to the creek, this hotel was really good value for money. I judge a hotel by the premise, would I go back to that hotel again and my answer here is yes.	
Nov 18 2007 	Not bad for a short stay	This accommodation was paid for by my employer, which was across the road, so the convenience slightly outweighed the cons.First impressions were it was really flash - great shower/bath/spa facility, a double and single bed and plenty of space.However after a few nights, it began to sink in.There was no kitchen sink in my room so I needed to wash dishes in the bathroom (other rooms have them though) and despite there being a single element to cook on, there were no pots, pans or cooking utensils. There was a washer dryer combo, but there was no where to actually hang washing (I avoid dryers for delicates). There is a laundry service, but if you are staying for 4 weeks, you don't want to be paying for laundry services all the time.My room did have a TV with cable and a variety of English, Indian and Arabic news, entertainment and sports channels, incl. BBC, CNN and ESPN.Across the road is a reasonably well stocked (but untidy) mini-market, a pharmacy and down the road is the widely well know Burjaman shopping complex.The house keeping service was good, there was a gym and pool on the top floor. The in house restaurant left a lot to be desired, as did the &quot;24 hour business centre&quot; which was two PCs which you could only surf the web on (no word, excel etc...)Most of the hotel staff were very pleasant though there was at least one gentlemen who treated me very poorly on my arrival - I was dishelved and messy but I had just gotten off of a 7 hour flight and not slept for 30 hours!All in all, this place is ok to stay in if you are in Dubai for a short time. My room at least was not suitable for long term accommodation as it lacked alot of the amenities required for it to be operational.	
May 21 2007 	My worst enemy is the only one I would recommend to stay here.	Horrendous is the only word to describe my experience. I arrived at around 2 a.m. from Qatar, was shown to my pre-booked and confirmed 'non-smoking' room which stunk of cigarretes and had an ashtray and matches. After unpacking and preparing for bed I threw back the covers on the bed to find filthy pillowcases, hair and marks all over the sheets. I threw back the covers on the second bed to find the same. On calling reception they sent someone from housekeeping to change the sheets. Whilst waiting I looked around the 'kitchen'. There were no glasses and some cutlery was missing. I was supposed to acknowledge that these were all there. I asked to change rooms and was shown one just as bad, if not dirtier. I decided to return to the original room. Eventrually I got to bed around 5 a.m. to wake up at 7 for an early appointment. Breakfast was bizarre. The tables were not set correctly and I had to go around other tables to collect knife, spoon, serviettes etc. There were around 5 silver 'heated' turines containing liquids with lumps in, most of which were not known to me. I chose to have what appeared tro be scrambled egg. I located brown bread for toasting which, by texture and brittleness, appeared to have already been toasted. It had not and was merely old. I switched to the white which may have been this years. I can only assume that the orange juice was called this because of the colour. That was the only resemblance to an orange. It transpired the scrambled eggs were cold. I left the food and went to a loal cafe for breakfast. I didnt eat in the MidWest again. Later that day after returning from work I decided to have a look around the room. They claim the suites are new. If this is the case then they used a mould accelerator on the tile grout in the bathroom. The bath was badly chipped as was the tiled floor. On my penultimate day there they took out the TV whilst I was out and replaced it with one that did not work. This was never explained, despite being asked to say why. No compensation was offered or even an explanation. I strongly recommend that this hotel is avoided, whatever the cost.	
May 10 2007 	Not luxury hotel apartments	This is definitely not a luxury hotel apartment, as the website claims it to be. The pictures must be modified bcs. could not see how they have taken them from any camera angle. The rooms are big but there is not a lot of furniture. The furniture which there is, is old and the sofa in the 2 bedroom apartment we stayed in was the dirtiest I have ever seen. The swimming pool area was closed so can not rate it. Location quite bad, go for Deira unless you are interested in buying luxury shopping items in Bur Juman Shopping centre close to the hotel for prices much higher than in Europe or US. Room service has only flotty fatty fried things which are not worth the money. I would rate this as a 2 star hotel, and considering that they are marketing themselves as a luxury hotel apartment, I was disappointed. You can by the way get this hotel for half the price they are offering at the airport (just after baggage collection there is a great counter selling hotel rooms in Dubai at DXB airport).	
Oct 29 2006 	Extremely satisfied	We are just back fom a six day stay at the Midwest hotel Apartment. I was travelling with kids so was looking for an apartment with full service. and I was satisfied on all counts. The apartment is located just behind the Burjaman shopping Mall so it was very easy to locate the Apartment. They have a very well equipped kitchen with a large refrigerator washing machine and a good cooking range. There is a small superstore just opposite the apartmnet where u could find almost anything u required. They have a small but adequate gym on the top floor as well as a swimming pool and steam and sauna facility which the guests could use. The kids really enjoyed the use of the pool. Service was good and prompt and on one or two days even got the apartment cleaned twice a day. Staff had a smile on their faces always. Since there are mostly hotel Aparments situated in the area the area is very quiet. You are almost a walking distance from the Dubai Creek and the Gold souk is also close by. All in all i was very satisfied	
