Nov 4 2009 	very nice hotell staff	we stayed for four nights and would definately come back. This is our fifth tour to Dubai and the Layia Oaks is the best hotel we have stayed in.The staff was wery proffessional, always willing to help. The only food we had was at the pool bar and it was wery good as well as the shisha pipe.We only look forward to the construction to finish, I guess the area would be wery nice then.We would recomend the Layia Oaks if you are going to Dubai.	
Nov 1 2009 	Family Friendly - Excellent Service	We had a three night stay at Layia Oak Hotel and Suites. They cater for everyone at this hotel - Business and Leisure. Couples and Families. The staff were very friendly and service we received was always helpful and prompt. We requested a bed for my 3 year old son which was not in the room when we arrived but when we called reception to have this rectified it was dealt with very quickly. The room was spacious and the kitchen had all the necessary equipment we needed. There was a lot of construction around the hotel but it did not bother us. You cannot use the balcony though because of the dust but I think this goes for most of Dubai. The swimming pool area was brilliant. They have a covered childrens pool and a seperate play area which was perfect for us. The weather was too hot to swim during the day but we made full use of the pool in the evenings. Breakfast at the hotel was very good. A decent range of fruit, cereals and cooked options to choose from. The childrens menu in the restaurant and room service is small but fine for a short stay. However - the staff are so willing and helpful I am sure they would make something to order.The hotel - airport transfer is expensive but it does ease any travel worries, especially if you have a flight leaving at a really early hour. Otherwise for the rest of the stay we used taxis and they were very reasonable and accessable. Taxi drivers did struggle to find the hotel though. Take a map with you and have reception mark where the hotel is to help taxi drivers find it.We would recommend Dubai and the Layia Oak Hotel to anyone. Dubai was far more child friendly than we expected and the people were the friendliest of any country we have ever visited. Thanks for a brilliant stay.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good but lots of construction going around	I visited the hotel with my friends (suit of 2 bedrooms). The suit is great, organized, has new fearnature and compfortable one. The toilets are clean and all working properly. I would suggest the hotel to a family rather than to friends (21-28) years old! The good thing with the hotel is that it's near the mall of emirates, which what I was planning to visit. The hotel is calm, but once you open the windows, you will hear clearly the noise of the construction that is going around the hotel. The street to the hotel is not yet 100% completed, but it's at least not crouded and you can smoothly reach the hotel. I tried the swimming pool. It was nice, but not for young people who would like to get Super-Fun!	
Mar 23 2009 	Great hotel excellent service and very good value	I stayed here for three nights in a huge room; complete with ensuite bathroom, second toilet; large kitchen (fully kitted out, too) and a huge lounge area. Good quality finish throughout; rooms very clean; large windows complete with a balcony. Very friendly staff who were always ready to help. Food in the hotel was good - both through room service (quite quick, too) as well as the cafe / restaurant just off the lobby. Taxis are easy to get and reasonably cheap (AED50 to the airport at 8am in the moring.) Whilst there is a lot of construction there was no noise intrusion. Most of the taxi drivers know where the hotel is and there are plenty of landmarks to use if needed! (Near the DAMAC building.)	
Mar 15 2009 	A very nice and friendly hotel	Visited the hotel for a week for a family holiday end February 2009. The hotel is located 5 minutes from the Jumeirah Beach / Palm Jumeirah and 5 minutes from Emirates Mall, in a business area next to Sheikh Zayed Road in Al Barsha, an area that is still heavily under construction.We stayed in a 3-bedroom family suite on the 7th floor. The sounds from the construction work around the hotel did not disturb inside. The suite had all modern necessities from LCD TV's to hair dryers and fully equipped kitchen. The service and friendliness of the hotel staff was outstanding. All the happy and smiling faces that you met throughout the hotel in lobby, reception, pool, restaurant etc. made you feel very wellcome. The restaurant, just like the hotel and premises, was clean and well kept and the hotel tries it's best to provide guests all the services they should require. The outdoor pool is heated and works well also for small children. The gym provides a small range of high quality equipment and works as a temporary substitute for your hometown gym.Had some minor problems with the room that lowered our overall rating for the rooms from excellent to very good; fortunately the management's quick positive reactions in the end left us with very good overall impression and led to full five star overall rating. Would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who is not looking to spend the vacation or trip mainly on the beach (only 5-star hotels have their own beaches) or in the city downtown (Layia Oak is located ½ hour away from downtown). The hotel can accomodate well larger parties to the suites at a reasonable price, this is very convenient for families/parties with more than four travellers.	
Feb 14 2009 	The best Valentines Day Ever!!	Okay I will admit when I first it was hard for the taxi to find the hotel. So when you come you need to know that first the number on Expedia is wrong it is [--]. Also tell the driver that it is in The Greens near Emaar Business Park. Yes there is construction around but I slept fine and didn’t hear it at all. The pool etc is very nice. Hotel staff was very very nice the nicest I have ever seen. They bought me a Valentine’s Day Card and Chocolates to my room. Anything I needed that bought it ASAP. Also when I checked in the front desk walked me to my room and made sure I knew how to work everything. It has a washer and dryer combination also that was great. The bed was so nice and comfy!! The room is unreal!! Living room, Kitchen and two bathrooms, not to mention the LCD TVs. I have only been here one night but so far so good!!! So would I stay here again? Yes I will 100 percent. So this was a Valentines Day to remember.	
Jan 28 2009 	Quality hotel with amazing service	This is a fantastic new hotel which ultra spacious suites. I have stayed at the Layia Oak for 5 nights and since I’m travelling to Dubai very often I will definetely go back. The hotel is situated in the Al Barsha area just opposite the Greens and only 5 minutes by taxi from the Mall of the Emirates, Media City, the Palm and JBR. The hotel has just opened therefore everything is brand new. I stayed in a large 1 bedroom apartment with a big separate living room and kitchen and a huge balcony.. I had 2 LCD TV, bathrobe and the bed in the room was one of the most comfortable I have ever tried. There is a very big swimming pool with Jacuzzi, recreational area and gym. You can certainly relax during the week end. Staff at the reception was very kind and I was very impressed by how clean the hotel was. I would certainly suggest this hotel either if you travel for business or leisure!!	
