Nov 11 2009 	Value for money in a big-ticket city	Located in the busy Al Riqqa Street with all its restaurants, shops and malls, there is a shiny, new high-tech metro station about 50 metres away from the hotel entrance that is linked directly with the airport (terminal 3) , but beware not all the stations are open yet. Taxis to the Deira Souks, Jumeira public beach and the Burj Dubai should not cost more than 20 dirhams (about 4 euros). Make sure you get a room high up away from the discos on the ground and 1st floors. We were on the seventh floor and heard only a mild beat - no problem. There is a lovely shisha cafe on the roof and an inviting swimming pool. The breakfast buffet was ample with all the Arab specialities, plus some Western titbits like beef bacon, French toast and baked beans. All in all a friendly place that is excellent value for money (Internet rates).	
Jun 4 2009 	Loved the Facilites	This is a Average Hotel....&amp; for Economy Class, as per charges hotel is good &amp; Average	
Apr 26 2009 	Good hotel	i stayed there for a week, the rooms were cleaned everyday DON'T EXPECT THEM TO BE SOO BIG AND POSH but their were a decent size as it's only a 2* hotel! breakfast was good but i didn't like the location very much because there's 3 more ramee hotels in the area so it was abit hard to find the right one but if you tell the driver it's on al rigga rd then you'll be fine!! overall it was a good clean hotel so it's ok to stay if your looking for a cheap hotel	
Apr 24 2009 	Loved the stay	It was a great stay. Good food, quality and ambience and right in the heart of the shopping paradise.	
Mar 4 2008	1st visit in dubai	1st time in dubai was scary specially if you dont know anyone luckly for us we got friends that works in dubai. hotel is a bit hard to find at first,coz theres loads of ramee hotel i think if im not mistaken three or four in dubai .this ones is at al riqqa road its in the old city at least 5 -10 mins to gold souk by taxi. will rate the hotel as a budget hotel which is good value for money. bfast is good as long as you get up early starts at 7am fin at 10 am. rooms are always getting cleaned,you will get new sheets and towels everyday which is really good. for a budget hotel the only down fall is the club downstairs you wont like it if youll be put on first 3 floors of the hotel it goes until 3am.advise is bring a good earplugs.always mention it to reception(club/bar) they can happily find you a quiter floors of the hotel.dont expect to much on this hotel as i said its an average standard hotel.that cater for travellers on the budget.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Deal	As always with hotels booked on line, I approached this one with trepidation since one person had given it a bad rating. However I found it was a wonderful value. It had 1.5 bath, full kitchen, 1 bedroom with a pull out couch. The mattress on the couch was very thin but my 14 year old daughter didn't complain. They brought it a full size mattress to put on the floor for my 14 year old son. The living room was plenty big enough for both. There were 2 tvs which is always good with teens. The washer was broken so they did the wash for us. There is a grocery within a 10 min walk. They have a tour desk but we found the prices were slightly better through another company. We booked the desert safari because it was recommended by another traveler on Trip Advisor. It was ok but there was a lot of down time. We left at 3:30 &amp; were at the site by 5 (after sand drifting &amp; driving out there). Dinner didn't start till 7:30 which gave us plenty of time for the camel rides, sand skiing, henna, etc. (4 wheeling was an extra charge but everything else was included except alcohol) But I would have preferred less &quot;sitting around&quot; time.	
Jun 1 2008 	bon hotel		
