Nov 9 2009 	British pub/bar in Dubai	Golden Tulip has a bar called the Locker Room on the First Floor, all sorts of beers and Strongbow on draft, very much a sports bar, well run and the bar food is very good and reasonably priced. If in Al Barsha, thgis will probably be your local.	
May 21 2009 	mediocre	Stayed during 3 nights with a few business colleagues here. Staff is poor as they don't speak English very well. Rooms are okay, but nothing special. Gym is a joke and so is the pool area on top of the roof. As this is Dubai, expect a lot of construction in the area. Location is not bad: very close to the swanky Kempinski hotel and the Emirerates shopping mall. One of my colleagues had a room on the 2nd floor and he complained he could not sleep at night due to the loud music from the club in the basement of the hotel. Incidentally, the club is terrible: you'll only blow your ears and the drinks are sub standard. Overall: okay for a (very) short business stay, but avoid if you plan to be in Dubai for longer than 4 days. Tip: the Westin, a bit more expensive but worth the money.	
May 3 2009 	Hotel in the middle of a building site	This hotel was booked for me by my office. I stayed here 3 nights in 7 days. Unless you or your driver knows where this one is it will be a little bit difficult to find. It is in the middle of a building site literally. The view from one of my rooms was into the foundations of whatever they are building next door and it is a very big hole. The road to the front door is a sand track with the sand at least 25mm deep and the taxi drivers not to keen to drive down to the door. First impresion was where am I going what have I been booked into. Once inside it is like any normal hotel as if all outside is just wonderful.I had room service twice at night and the food was plentiful, very good quality and reasonably priced. The Sports bar is busy most nights but the beer prices are expensive only slightly cheaper than the airport. There are some good deals during the week especially on a Friday lunch time with an offer of a buffet and free flow wine. The buffet is a very high standard with the option of meats cooked to your taste also. Very close to the Mall of the Emirates with a free shuttle if you want to ski or shop. After my initial shock I quite enjoyed my brief stay desoite requireing transport no matter how far you want to go because of the building site conditions outside.	
Apr 8 2009 	If you like construction sites you will love it!	Stayed here for 2 nights and got the hell out of there. This place is in the middle of a construction site! - Nevertheless, staff are polite and the sports bar has a good atmosphere and with happy hours at most major sporting events. F1, Champions League football etc but if you are here with a loved one, you will not win any brownie points for romantism. - gym equipment is ancient, outdoor pool looks like nobody has swum in the pool for decades, furniture covered in dust due to construction. Very cheap by Dubai standards for very short business trips but the old addage of &quot;get what you pay for&quot; applies,	
May 31 2008	Full 4 STARS hotel	Stayed @ Golden Tulip al Barsha 8 nights with the occasion of Skiboard World Cup 2008 that was hosted by Ski-Dubai. Our group has 34 people from 12 countries. Everyone, no exception, was pleased with the hotel and service. - Good, confortable and clean rooms.- Service personnel are polite and helpfull- Buffet Breakfast at the Brasserie was good, allways fresh, rich and tastefull.  One remarque about the service - 2 days we had to have breakfast at 4:30am. The Brasserie personnel was very helpfull, prepared and served the breakfast 2 hours earlier than regulare openning time. Thanks again!In rooms, all linen and towels were changed daily, immaculate white sheets. The hotel is kept very clean, 24 hours service personnel keep it spotless.Hotel transportation service was also good. Going to Ski-Dubai and back, several times a day, from and to airport, the service was tops.For some strange reason on some websites the Golden Tulip Al Barsha is rated 3 stars, this is not true. The hotel is Full 4 stars, no doubt.Just one warrning note - the mini-bar refrigerator and the goodies basket (chocolates, snacks, etc) are not free, they'll charge you on checkout. The internet cable is also not free, check with reception before using it.Bottom line -- A+++	
Apr 9 2008 	Nice	The hotel is indeed in a construction area with a &quot;semi-paved&quot; access road. As I arrived late, I was confused when the taxi driver began driving across dirt lots--but all ended well. The room was comfortable, the breakfast quite good and the restaurant had some tasty options. The Mall of the Emirates and it's weird ski slope was nearby and the location was good for some things but a long way from &quot;downtown&quot; ie the Creek. It was a perfectly fine hotel and once they pave the roads and finish the Metro, it will be great.	
Mar 17 2008 	Nesting in Construction	I was recently in Dubai for the 08 Boat Show.In relation to the pricey hotels near the show the Tulip was a good option. It was over all a good stay and the quality of the rooms, service and food was over all very pleasant. But somehow on the internet they forgot to mention that the Tulip is the only finished building on the block. In other words all the other buildings are still under construction. There isn't even tarmac to the hotel. So as you can imagine...NOISYYY not to mention Dusty.But the location is great, beside the Emirates mall and Near the Burl al Arab and beaches...so Over all OK.	
Mar 2 2008 	Average hotel	This hotel is nice but does have a few problems.It is in the middle of a construction zone however that said its not too noisy from the construction , just a lot of sand and dust around.It is a short walk to the Mall of The Emirates which is great.The nightclub is another story though, after complaining twice and moving rooms twice I was upgraded to a suite on the 6th floor and could still hear the base from the nightclub.I spoke with the manager the next day who was very apologetic and moved me to another hotel but not the same standard but at least i got some sleep.So be warned if you dont mind hearing the nightclub then this is a nice hotel and oh the breakfast ten mins after opening was stone cold all items !!	
Dec 19 2007 	Good business hotel in Dubai	Good business hotel; small but decent restaurant for dinner/breakfast; nice sports bar and even a night club in the hotel. However I slightly heard the base from the night club up to my room on the fourth level. Good internet access; to plug in my laptop I had to move the desk, which was a bit disappointing.Good location, on Sheikh Zaed Road close to Mall of the Emirates. However the area around the hotel is fully under construcation and only dirt tracks lead to the hotel.	
