Nov 14 2009 	Good proximity to old Dubai but watch the cigarette smoke	In case people are confused, the Ascot Hotel and Royal Ascot Hotel and right next to each other and share some common facilities (e.g. basement parking, swimming pool, fitness center). I stayed at the Ascot Hotel, the Royal Ascot is more expensive and I don't know what you got for the extra money.It was close to old Dubai, you had to cross Khalid Bin Waleed street and you were there. There's a free breakfast buffet and it's extensive - all the way from fresh fruit and smoked salmon to sausage, made to order omelettes and even an Indian curry.The free parking is appreciated since it's difficult to find parking in that part of town. If you're willing to go the public route instead, there are bus stops right outside the hotel and you're about 1km from the Metro Stop (subway). There will be a stop that's even closer but it's currently under construction.The rooms were fine. There was about a 30 inch flat screen tv and plenty of tv channels with programming in English, Arabic, Hindi, French, etc. There's an in-room safe but because there's a shelf, I couldn't fit my 15&quot; laptop diagonally. But I didn't notice anything missing.I ate at the Thai restaurant and I thought the food was pretty good. I had a pad thai type dish and a salad.I had two gripes - paid wifi access and cigarette smoke. The hotel charges 60 dirhams a day for WiFi access. The speeds are pretty good but there are others in the vicinity that offer it for free.I thought the cigarette smoke was the bigger issue. There's a bar (Waxy O'Connors) on the premises and one entrance to the bar is through a corridor in the hotel room area on the 1st floor (2nd floor if you're American). I think the smoke must come from there. The smoke seeps in every where and I think they use air freshener to cover the smell. That's the only reason I don't recommend this hotel. There are several hotels about a block from this hotel - Dor El Sandos, Ramee, etc.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Hotel!!	I just stay at the Ascot Hotel with my friend, we had a very nice experience. The staff was very friendly since the moment we arrived.The hotel is well located, within walking distance to the Creek, the Gold Souk, the Dubai Museum and a mall. Airport is a 20 min ride and we paid around DHS25 witch is not bad, specially if you are sharing with a friend. Even to go on a cab to the mall of the emirates is not bad at all we paid DHS 45 around usd15 .The rooms are very comfortable, clean and nice. If you stay at the Ascot you can use the pool and other facilities of the Royal Ascot, located just next to the Ascot.Breakfast was very good with variety of breads, pita bread, fruits, yougurt, eggs, juice etc everything that you might wantThe they that we were checking out, since our flight was at night, the shift manager (Angelica I think is her name) was very comprehensive and gave us 4 extra hours with no charge to check out and then they kept our bags till later.I reccomend this hotel, since it was great deal for the money that we paid	
May 15 2009 	Terrible staff	I called the hotel afew weeks agot to reserve a table @ the Elegante in Ascot and was given a number to call Sam for this,he said there was no need for this and i should just walk in so long as I am well dressed,but when i got there the Ear pierced Indian guy at the door did allow me in despite explaining that I had called and thats why am not on the list. last week again I called the sam guy to put me and a friend on the list,he Said no need again and i reminded him what happened last time.&quot;If u get any difficulties please call me &quot;he said.confidelntly we got there and the Indian guy refused again only to call Sam whos phone was off. Last night around 2000hrs i call sam with my issues and ask him to place me on the list he said ok and placed 3 of my friend too..only to getthere an have the same thing happen agiain,called Sam who came to the door and looked dissapointed that we were a group of 4 Africans,hhis excuse was that the rules had changed and had no explanation why in such short notice ..he refused to still let us in and left us there. I could go on and on about how we feel of this place but for sure your staff have no courtesy and the two guys are the biggest racists considering they are expatriats like us.	
May 11 2009 	Memorable	It's located in a prime location. Dubai Creek is walkable from the hotel. Old Zouk is very near. Guests can take a taxi from this hotel and reach sights of attractions in minutes.  The restaurants specialities: At Waxy's Little Restaurant we can enjoy sumptuous breakfast buffet, traditional English snacks and light dishes. Troyka Restaurant &amp; Club concentrates on the Russian food and live entertainment. Ayam Zaman good in Lebanese delights and exotic dishes.Facilities available are bar/lounge, restaurants in hotel, salon, 24 hours room service, safe-deposit box, currency exchange, valet parking, conference rooms and laundry service.	
Apr 21 2009 	Value for Money	good hotel with all basic amenities and value for money. centrally located which helps going around the city. also, next door is one of best discotheques of dubai named - elegante.	
Nov 30 2008 	Don't bother to stay	Rooms are very small and the organization of the furniture is not good as you could hurt yourself. Yes i hurt myself in the room as the rooms are small with minimal space, every thing has a price tag. They have two buildings, Royal Ascot and Ascot, when i booked it was royal ascot but when i checked in they gave the smaller one which is ASCOT.Denied access to the Irish pub in the hotel as it has to be reserved and bartender says it is full, no wonder guests can't visit the pub, but when i observed it is not true they are being partial.Hope this helps	
May 1 2008 	Lovely!!	Stayed here for two weeks on a family holiday. the rooms were a very good size and the quailty of furniture was excellent. we did have to wait for a while for our rooms to be made up before checking in however we didnt mind as the lobby was so comfortable. the staff were really friendly. there are no tea making facilities availbe however you can phone and ask for some and they will bring it to you for free!!! everyone is so polite and the location is ideal. in the middle of everything however its not nosy!!!	
Feb 16 2008	Not as promised	The booking service (through an airline) said it was a four-star - it is definitely more like a lower end 3 star. The rooms were large, but skunky/dank. Cheap quality beds, pillows, sheets. I had to wait a long time at the airport for them to drive me to the hotel. It is a bit far from the airport, took about 25 minutes.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great Service and room	After seeing all of these reviews AFTER I booked the hotel I was a little worried. I had a fantastic time at the hotel. All the staff were very helpful and friendly. The room (bottom line) was much better than I expected with a lounge area and seperate bedroom.Travelling in the middle of summer, A/C was not a let down, dual control for lounge and bed.The Thai restuarant next door was divine, great, attentive service without being crowded.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anyone. Cheers	
Jun 6 2007 	Get What You Pay For	As I was only staying four nights in Dubai I went to the Emirates website and booked one of their stopover packages. I selected a mid-range hotel and that's exactly what I got. Having read other reviews I knew to check that I would not be placed below the restaurant where it was reportedly noisy and my room was changed on checkin. Whilst the room was small it was clean and comfortable and met the needs of a single occupant.I appreciated the range of dining options available and the Irish bar.Staff were very helpful and whilst I would rate the hotel as 3 star it was what I expected and value for money.	
May 2 2007 	Utter disappointment!	We booked joining rooms as we took our children with us. On arrival we were offered rooms on different floors, when that was rejected we had to wait 20 minutes for other rooms to be made ready. When we finally got to the rooms they were dirty. However, we were being moved the next day.We thought that finally we could sleep, but NO a lovely Russian danceclub/cabaret was happening on the 5th floor and we could hear it on the 1st floor! Needless to say I did not get to sleep until the &quot;party&quot; finished at about 3am.The following day we requested that our new rooms be ready before we went on the Arabian Adventures tour that afternoon and no excuses just told no it was not possible. I confronted the Arabian Adventures rep at the hotel and explained that I was extremely unhappy with the situation she assured me that the room would be ready by 3pm. Ok good! When we turned up at 3, guess what the room was not ready - no apology. I will admit I did express my displeasure. However, when we arrived at 9.30pm that night after our tour we had been upgraded to a suite. While this was very nice when I queried the reception the staff were rude (basically the impression I got was that they were extremely generous in providing us such accomodation) On check out at 5.30am we could not be provided a copy of the room charges but were given a total. Both my husband and I are very good with figures and knew approx how much it was going to be, however, the room service bill exceeded this.Overall not impressed with the service or standard of accommodation. The only positive comment is that it is in an excellent location and one of the Porters was exceptionally nice and helpful. Would I stay there again, never!	
Mar 14 2007 	Wonderful!!!!	This hotel is fabulous!! The rooms are HUGE -- plenty of space! The bed was big and comfy with a great duvet. Watching the flat screen tv while lounging in bed was wonderful! The room was so large that my kids stayed on pallets (they thought they were camping) while I got the bed--awesome!! The breakfast buffet was good and my kids enjoyed watching the chef make them fresh waffles. The staff was so helpful and friendly and really did their job well. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!!!	
Dec 3 2006 	One star is too generous..	This is my first review on this site - I've found it very useful and a good guide to the inside story on hotels. I feel compelled to give feedback on this place as any potential guests should think again !I stayed at the Ascot for one night on business as hotel rooms were in short supply in Dubai because of the Rugby Sevens. A travel agency booked me in - looked fine to me as it was a four star hotel. If I'd managed to keep a sense of humour about the whole affair, I could have laughed it off as Dubai's answer to Fawlty Towers, however by 3.30am with no sleep, I was seething.When I checked in after a flight from the UK, all I wanted was a shower and some rest. However, the room was disgusting - large patches of damp and mould over the ceiling and walls. There were no towels, so I called down for them - my request was ignored, so it took two further calls and 2 hours before towels arrived. Then no hot water. I decided to have a cold shower anyway, which filled the bathroom floor up with water because of a leak in the bath. Then a call from reception to ask if the towels had arrived - I told them yes, but no hot water - they said they'd send a workman up to fix it. I told them it was too late and not to worry. Five minutes later a workman barges into my room and sets about fixing the shower. I'm standing there in a cramped bathroom with a towel on, trying to shave, with this guy uunpacking his tools. I managed to get through to him that I'd rather he left to let me shave in peace..Breakfast was interesting - the food was in total darkness as the lights didn't work so you no idea what was what.TV didn't work etc..After returning from meetings in the evening, I was looking forward to some sleep - but I hadn't taken onboard that there was a Russian nightclub on the floor above - no sound proofing, so I had to endure the sound of a highheels on a wooden dance dance floor and russian euro-pop until three in the morning. I called reception twice at 1am and 2am - who just lied and said it would finish in 15 minutes. By 2.45 I was in the lobby in my boxer shorts on the verge of a nervous breakdown screaming 'Shut the f*** up !'. Not a pretty sight.Due to get up at 7 for meetings, I overslept, but was determined to see the manager in the morning. He kept me waiting for ages, apparently 'in a meeting', then after hearing my complaint offered 150 dirhams compensation, then withdrew the offer as I had booked and paid through an agent. I have staying in many cheap and expensive hotels in my life, but I can catagorically say that this is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. The prestigious four star sign in the lobby just makes a mockery of the whole system. Beware..	
Oct 16 2006 	What a disappointment	After a fabulous time in Thailand we opted to stay in Dubai on our way home. The Ascot looked nice and was not extortionately priced.I hated it.The room was small, cramped and smelly, there had obviously been a leak as the wall behind the TV was discoloured.The staff were abrupt with a &quot;yes&quot; as a greeting (with the exception of the concierge who was great). Breakfast has a large selection but it wasn't overly tastey and I don't like eating with 10 waiters loitering near my table whipping each plate away just as I finished.We didn't eat there in the eveing so I cannot comment but we did go to the &quot;pub&quot;, Waxy O'Connors. Described as a buzzing local, it's great if you like beer swilling english football oiks ! I can get that at home if I want, and I do not.The main mistake we made was going to Dubai during Ramadan. None of the web sites we used to book advised us of the restrictions and the hotel didn't give you any info at all. But no food / drink (even water) in public (in 40+ degrees) between 7am and 7pm ! Not impressed.After only one day there I really couldn't wait for my holiday to end and get out of there. Ascot classes itself as 3.5 star I think more 1.5 would be correct. I will not be going back.	
Aug 7 2006 	Does the job	The hotel is not bad. I would not pass it off as a 4*, but rather as a 3*. It is a small hotel - not many rooms. The room itself was what we expected - not that big but it did have a seperate sitting area. The bathroom is small too, but it was clean which was the main thing for us.The location was very good - in the city centre on one of Dubai's busy roads which meant that great department stores and the dubai creek was a short walk away. Taxi's constantly pass by the hotel so it is easy to get around dubai from the hotel.Staff are extremely friendly - one of the friendliest hotels i have ever been to. I would reccomend this hotel to travellers looking for a decent hotel that does the job with the basic essentials that you need.	
May 21 2006 	Well situated hotel with very friendly and helpful staff	Spent 5 nights at the Ascot. From the moment I checked in to when I checked out, I was treated with respect from the helpful and smiling staff. My room was very well appointed but lacked the all important tea/coffee making facilites that I would have expected. However this wasn't really a problem because tea from room service was only 10 dirhams (approx £1.50). The valet parkers were particularly helpful and courteous. They always knew where the best restaurants &amp; clubs were. This hotel contains the infamous Waxy O'Connor bar. I visited that bar on a couple of occasions. On the thursday night, which is the equivalent of a saturday night in the western world, the place was buzzing with expats enjoying themselves. The atmosphere was really great. I didnt try the courtesy bus to Jumeira beach because quite frankly I'm not a beach type, but the coach was always there at 10.30am on the dot to pick up beach bums.Lots of nice restaurants nearby, hence I didnt try the 3 in-house ones. Speaking to other guests, I learnt that they were all good qualityI dont have any qualms about visiting the Ascot again, and would recommend it to anyone. I might even bring the family here next time. This is definately a family hotel unlike some of the other dubious ones in the locality which contain lots of prostitutes.	
Dec 28 2005	extreamly disappointed	overall impression dark and disappointing. rooms very small, service not of 4 star standard. hotel 4 start over rated should be 2 star. cleanliness poor. gym only available in sister hotel. rooms very small no tea and coffee facility in room. mini bar extreamly dirty.overall feel that we have been riped of by hotel. booked in for four star and given 2 star. We booked on late and only four star available was ascot. For potential holiday makers would recommend that rather than book into this so called four star you would get a better deal for your money some where else.	
May 21 2005	great hotel for the price	great staff .good food. nice room .but i was on the 4th floor and the restraunt was above our room .and it could be a bit noisy.aslo i am going back again to the ascot in july.205but i have told them i dont want the 4th floor.so i have been told im going on the 3rd or the 2nd floor . also its only a 5 min walk to the creek.and plenty shops .... robert black AYR ....	
May 16 2005	very disappointed	We were very disappointed with the hotel, especially as we saw some really nice hotels. Our room smelt musty, and we had to fight with housekeeping to get them to open the window. The room was extremely small, and we actually wondered if we had been given a single room instead of a double. However, breakfast was fairly good and the hotel is in a good location for getting around.	
Apr 14 2005	Average hotel at decent price	Some friends and I have just returned from the Ascot Hotel, I was very worried after reading the previous review the night before we left!! I agree it is not a 4 star hotel but our room was clean and of decent size, there was no problems with sockets or TV's at all. The staff are excellent, the food was good, the Irish bar was reasonable for drinks (£10 for 2 1/2 pints and 1 gin &amp; tonic) and it had a good atmosphere.There is some building works very close to the hotel (found out hotel is being extended) but apart from 1 morning out of the 5 we heard nothing at all but we are good sleepers.Also found out that the hotel had just changed hands, so they will no longer take you to the Jebal Ali resort but they do take you to a public beach which was fine with sun beds and parasols to hire. If you wanted it would only cost about £8 - £10 by taxi to get to Jebal Ali anyway.They are building very close to the hotel but to be honest you are very rarely in your room anyway, if it is a problem they would move you if you asked (ask for a room away from the works, like we did when we checked in)	
Mar 9 2005	A three star in disguise	We booked the Ascot hotel in Dubai after reading a description of the hotel on the internet. It was described as a deluxe four star hotel which had spacious and tastefull decorated rooms and also as it was a city hotel, provided complimentry access to a beautiful beach hotel the 'Jebel Ali Hotel'.We were expecting a good standard four star hotel because of the description but were met with a fusty smell upon stepping into the foyer (like stale cigarettes). We were shown to our room but as it was night we didn't notice the major construction works outside within 10 feet of our room. We certainly did notice at 6.30am the next morning when we were woken by the noise of the workmen. When asked why the construction works had not been mentioned on the internet we were informed by the Hotel Manager that the hotel had not informed the Tour Operators, as if they had the information may have been kept on the internet and not removed . I found this excuse utterly amazing. We were moved to another room on our request which was quieter but not spacious like the description.The room itself had loose plug sockets with exposed wires. The minibar was dirty and rusty, the room was dusty and the windows and ledges were dirty. The bed was hard and the bathroom had some mould on the ceiling. The TV also kept playing up. When we were taken to the beach in the complimentry taxi we asked to go to the Jebel Ali Hotel (as promised). We were informed there was no access to this hotel and were subsequently dropped off at the public beach.The Ascot is more three star standard. My advice would be to book a five star hotel if you were looking for a four star as you would be guaranteed a good quality hotel. Many we looked at were absolutely fantastic. We felt a little jaded going back to 'Fawlty Towers'.	
Nov 20 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
Jan 19 2007	wonderful!		
