Aug 6 2008 	Best palace for Backpackers / Great Location	I recommend this hotel for backpackers especially or young singles, close friends and people who do not look for luxury.It has a great location downtown Dubai but it's located on quite busy street even at nights. But it's ok when you close balcony door / window. The hotel is quite clean, staff is friendly rooms are in good condition. There's also avialable internet connection in the hotel. Breakfast loung is a little bit small but it's ok for a 3* hotel.Hotel is about 15 mins from Jumeirah Beach (by car, without traffic) and nearby attraction is : Abra station to pass Bur Dubai and hipermarket of Carrefour where you can get easly cheap food for your evenings.	
Mar 9 2008 	Find somewhere else for same or better price!	I was a lone traveler on Business and needed a hotel close to the City. I found the hotels information and called to find their location to business and downtown action. They informed me it was central to the business district. They were wrong... There location is about a 20 minute drive from the closest business district.Check in was easy since I arrived at 1am, but when I walked in the room I was disappointed at the condition and dating of the room. They have old everything with an old smell to the rooms. I was luckily on the 6th floor away from the hotels Belly Dancing Club. If you get a room on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th floor, you will hear LOUD MUSIC TILL 3AM without fail every night. I could hear the beat of the music from the 6th floor, but not enough to lose sleep. THEY BLAST THE MUSIC IN THE CLUB ALL NIGHT!!! I saw many guests extremely angry at the reception desk nearly every time I was in the lobby screaming about the noise. They did nothing.The staff was helpful for the most part. The janitors or cleaning people were the nicest, friendliest, people in the hotel.There managers are more interested in flirting with the girls in the hotel than running the hotel. On many occasions I would see the managers in the club flirting with the dancers and getting drinks.When I got my bill I found numerous charges that were not mine and I needed to argue with the receptionist to have her remove the charges. They also billed me an extra $30 USD/$100 DHS more for every night than they advertised to me. I tried to have it removed, but they refused so I gave in and payed.The biggest problem I had staying at the hotel was there is no internet in the rooms. They only have 2 computers in their business center and typically there is a line of people waiting to use them. If you use the computer longer than 1 hour per day, they bill it to your room without telling you, even though it says the computers are free to use.There room service menu is decently priced, but the food is sub-par.I recommend finding a hotel in Bur Dubai and paying close the the same price as you would for this hotel. Only stay in this hotel if it is your last option and you are ok with the above mentioned problems.Dubai is a great city to visit, live, or work. I recommend your travels to include Dubai.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great value for the money!	This was a lovely surprise for the money, as I'd found some varying reviews before booking. We paid $135 for a very last-minute booking out of a travel agent in Baku (who is contracted by my partner's employer); it's hard to know what to believe, but the prices posted at the front desk of the hotel were more than twice this amount, so definitely do book before you go. We had found similar prices at various sites online. This is not luxury by any means, but it is more than sufficient, and if (like us) you are development warriors working in the third world, it is a lovely break from paying $100+ for a hotel room with cockroaches, cold water, etc. Though it did smell a bit of cigarette smoke, it was clean and the linens were spotless. The bathroom was fully functioning, good-to-great water pressure (depending on your standards - again, mine have been lowered significantly living in Africa!), and lovely complementary soaps. The only drawback to the bathroom was that the tub was small and strangely shallow (though elevated off the ground about a foot) - we think it had something to do with being adjacent to the elevator on the other side of the wall. Anyway, as long as you're not looking for a good long soak in the tub, this is hardly an issue. Our room, like every room, I'm told, had a private balcony and we actually had a great view of the creek - a lovely place to sit for a nightcap. The minibar was well stocked and reasonably priced (hard to imagine but true!), and had a selection of sodas, Heineken, water and candies. A fantastic electronic safe was included, allowing us to leave our cash and other valuables without any concern. The TV selection was OK, mostly international news, including the standard CNN, BBC, Al Jazeera, etc...also a Russian News channel for any Russophiles. Our room was very spacious, though I will qualify that by noting that we got a suite (even though we paid for a standard double) so I'm not sure what the normal rooms look like...not that it matters, b/c what is it that you're really doing in your hotel room that requires space?!?I can't vouch for the breakfast or the restaurants, because we never patronized them. The bar looked seedy (what you'd expect for a businessman's hotel), but the Italian Restaurant looked pleasant - we didn't purposely avoid it, just never got around to eating there in our 4 days. The staff was friendly and helpful, and we booked an evening desert safari through them without a problem. The location, for us, was excellent - a 2 minute walk to the creek and you're on a dhow (water taxi) to zip across the river to Bur Dubai (the 'Old City' - a large portion of which is a brand-new recreation of the old city!). You do have to take a taxi to get to the beach or head out to the other far-flung attractions - but this is pretty standard b/c the whole place is so spread out. I'd recommend staying in this area, b/c it's the only part of the city that IS walkable (near the Gold Souk and Spice Souk), and then making trips out to as necessary - taxis are reasonable and there's almost nothing that would cost more than $15, with most trips closer to $5-$8. It is also possible to walk to the City Centre, if you're a walker (we are!) - it took about 45 mins one night, but is a lovely stroll and there are always ample sidewalks EVERYWHERE in Dubai!All in all, this is more than a good value for the money. It is not the kind of place that you want to lounge around and unwind at, per se, but it's a clean, safe, functional place to sleep and more than comfortable enough to spend an hour or two in the evening or afternoon unwinding. If you're an expat there for a weekend to retouch with civilization, such as it is, this is a great choice for your money. If you're coming FROM civilization to visit Dubai, you might be less impressed with this place, but it all depends on how much money you want to spend. Certainly don't hesitate to go if you're looking for a good value on a tight budget!	
Sep 30 2007 	good value	I always book hotels in Dubai through SOUTHTRAVELS. which is located in Dubai itself so they know all the hotels.The Al Khaleeg Hotel is in the old town of Deira and is ten minutes walk from the gold/spice souks and the markets.On arrival at 5.20am in the morning from Singapore, the night porter brought me a kettle to make some tea and also some cakes. No charge was made for this and it was most welcome.The staff from the Managers to the people on reception were extremely helpful and nice. The room was ok, (they do have nicer ones) but having stayed here before it didnt bother me. It is a hotel for business people as it has no pool, but does have good internet access which is free in the lobby. The breakfast is fresh with a good selection of fruit and rolls, and a few hot dishes.The bed linen is old and really needs to be replaced, but the room is a good size. I felt the concierge and his staff could have been a bit more helpful..that is the only bad thing I have to say about the place. It is not suitable for backpackers but business people who want a stopover. If you want a small hotel in thecentre of things, (this area is old so it is interesting but not scary)then you should try this place. It is not luxury, but value for money.	
Mar 9 2007	Excellent for cruisers and backpackers	It's a great place to stay in Dubai for cruisers and backpackers. The rooms are clean and it has a beautiful view of creek. and breakfast is good too.I suggest you Thanks,Suha, Istanbul / Turkey	
May 7 2005	Check your booking!	I had 10 hours to spend in Dubai.My flight arrived later than scheduled and we arrived at the Al Khaleej at 2:00 AM. I had booked and paid for the room through a travel agent in Kuwait. Upon arrival I proceded to the front desk and presented my voucher. The night manager told me that there was no booking for me. They checked around the office and acted like they knew what they were doing. In the meantime a group of local tourists walked in. I am under the impression that they did not have a reservation. They were served while my wife and I stood there for half an hour. Finally the manager said that they would give us a room. He told me that it could be my travel agent's mistake, or their reservation department's mistake. If they couldn't find the problem, I was told that I would have to settle the bill in cash the following morning. I was made to feel that I was lucky to be getting a room. Come the following morning, we checked out without any problem. It had obviously been the hotel's mistake because my travel agent is not open on weekends and therefore could not have been contacted. I understand that mistakes happen. I just don't feel that the staff handled the situation properly or professionally. The thought of paying for a room that I had already paid for bothered me a lot. I'm sure I would have had a more pleasant stay had the staff acted appropriately. If you plan to stay at the Al Khaleej hotel in Dubai, make sure to check your booking and have all the paperwork to prove it. It would probably be worth it to call the hotel and confirm your room, and get the name of the person on the other end. That way you can have a worry-free holiday!	
May 6 2009 	Buon Hotel		
Nov 30 2006 	Muy malo		
