Nov 19 2009 	Riviera Hotel	Good, clean room. Comfortable. Friendly staff. Good rates for amenities.	
Jul 23 2009 	Decent 3-star-equivalent hotel good value attentive staff	I stayed here recently for two nights, with my elderly grandmother. She was tired after a flight from the UK (heading back to New Zealand) and t his hotel turned out to be very good for us. I would not describe it as a four-star hotel, more like three-star. But it was comfortable and very good value for Dubai. There is no pool, but we were taking things easy and didn't need it, which is why we chose a value hotel rather than something larger. We arrived off a late flight around 2am, and were checked straight into our room. The room was comfortable with the usual facilities, we chose a creekview room and enjoyed watching the Creek and the activity on it. The room was very clean, the bathroom had marble-type decor and was a good size. Beds were comfortable. The air conditioning was somewhat noisy but better than sleeping in 35 degree heat. I am not sure about the internet as we didn't use it.The staff were quite lovely and took good care of my grandmother when she went down to breakfast before me. They brought some food for her from the buffet and made her a cup of tea so that she could sit straight down - they were very kind. I was late dragging myself out of bed and they even waited a few minutes for me to grab some breakfast before closing the buffet. The range of breakfast food was good - typical breads, cereals etc, plus some cooked foods such as pastas, eggs. Delicious orange and watermelon juice. Our evening meal in the Hana restaurant was Japanese, (many of the guests appeared to be Japanese, so obviously a target market for them) and was really delicious, with very attentive (almost too attentive) wait staff. The front desk arranged a private car tour for us which was fine, if not really anything to rave about - driver was a nice guy but he was obviously a taxi driver and not a tour guide. It was a bit expensive due to that. All of the staff members we encountered in the hotel were helpful, efficient and lovely to deal with - a credit to the Riviera. Email communication prior to our arrival was prompt. Overall I would stay again - it has value and quality for what you are paying, and provided you can cope with the alcohol-free policy (we barely noticed it) and lack of pool in Dubai's heat then the Riviera Hotel would be a good choice for a couple or family requiring a mid-class hotel without too many frills.	
May 31 2009 	Average	The Riviera is an average, 3 star hotel. Nothing stood out as particularly bad, but nothing was particularly great as well. At $100/night, the price is reasonable for what you get. One odd thing I wasn't used to was that I couldn't find a power outlet in the bedroom. The internet experience sucked, I had to call down to the lobby three times to get a code to plug in. There were different processes for LAN vs wi-fi, which added to the confusion. The LAN is a very complicated process, so stick to wi-fi if you can. It is located close to the docks where you can take abras across Dubai Creek, which is convenient to navigate the city.	
May 22 2009 	great stay	we were given a free upgrade to a creek view room as they werent full, nothing was too much trouble for the staff. if i had to go back ot dubai would stay again	
Mar 31 2009 	Safe and clean stay!!!!!!!	This Hotel is located within walking distance from the Gold and Spice Souks. Breakfast is EXCELLENT!. Great food, fresh and well prepared. The employees here are very helpful and nice. Bellboy ASHOK and Lobby employee Ataf were wonderful. They helped me a lot. Very cooperative, they made me feel at home. Internet is only 20 dirhams per hour in the Hotel ($5.00) but is safe and clean area. And you can use printer for free. The girls working in the reception area were wonderful. They call you by your name and are eager to help you in all you can. Hotel does not have a pool or a Gym. But provide a safety atmostphere and clean rooms at an affordable prices. Hotel is in front of the creek and taxis are easily available. I only spent less than 3 minutes waiting for one. I strongly recommend this hotel. It also have a daily shuttle to Jumeirah Beach.	
Jan 27 2009 	Good Value	We arrived at the hotel about 6.30am for 2 nights after an overnight flight from New Zealand. They knew to expect us early but our room wasn't quite ready. The man on reception was apologetic and our luggage was locked up securely. We asked if it would be possible to have our breakfast when the dining room opened as we would miss it on our last day as we were leaving too early but were told that would not be possible. The cafe off the foyer opened just after 7am and we able to have coffee and danish pastries. Our room was ready about 8.30 and was a bright room with a balcony overlooking the Creek...all perfectly adequate. While not very large it was clean and had good air-conditioning. We enjoyed watching the activity on the Creek with all the dhows and abras.The staff on the front desk were polite and friendly but we were disappointed to be asked to pay a surcharge for the bus tour they recommended. This applied whether we used credit or debit card. We discovered later that we this would not have applied if we had bought the tickets on the bus.The buffet breakfast in the hotel was excellent with a wide choice and we also enjoyed eating in the hotel's main Hana Restaurant which specialises in Asian food - Japanese, Chinese, Thai and Indonesian.The staff were very helpful especially at summoning passing taxis for us. We had to leave at 5am and even then the ever-smiling bellboy had no problem hailing a taxi and loading our luggage into it.	
Dec 17 2008 	Wonderful trip to Dubai and Riviera Hotel	When we arrived at the Riviera Hotel, the staff, Grace and Samar, welcomed us by name. We had just come from the Burj al Arab where you are not a number and the same holds true for the Riviera.!! Samar Khalil told Grace to put us in a wonderful room overlooking the Dubai Creek that we had requested. What a lovely view of the creek. Such fun to just watch the dhows and abras moving about all day. We had a fantastic 8 days at the hotel and Dubai. Everyone was so helpful. The breakfast was fantastic and the omelets were delicious.  We have no complaints about anything at this wonderful hotel. It is small and friendly and we would stay at this hotel anytime we are in Dubai again.The only problem in Dubai is the car horn honking!!!I have also recommended this hotel to friends from Thailand who are moving to Saudi Arabia in early 2009. I am sure they will avail themselves of this wonderful hotel should they come to Dubai.	
Oct 1 2008 	Friendly and well-priced	A reasonably priced hotel is hard to come by in Dubai, but the Riviera is clean, comfortable and friendly. The staff greeted us by name as we checked in and had sorted out everything we'd asked for. With three children we like interconnecting rooms but big chain hotels can never guarantee this. The Riviera did and upgraded us to Creek view rooms for free.They'd also arranged a babysitter and DVD player in the room for one night as we'd asked. At this end of town you're a bit away from the Mall of the Emirates and Wild Wadi, but they're only a taxi ride away. However, be warned, despite the best efforts of the staff we had to wait up to an hour for a cab to turn up.	
Aug 14 2008 	Riveria Hotel -one of the best value hotels in Dubai	The Riveria is a Local 4 star Hotel ,well situated in the old part of town overlooking the creek on Binyas St.My Creek view room, was large , spotlessly clean and with a very comfortable bed.The Bathroom was a little outdated but perfectly fine.The food from room service menu was very well priced ,nicely presented and really tasty.The Hotel is alcohol free and doesnt have a pool .I would have no hesitation to stay here again ,there are also plenty local eating places , public transport is on your door step and you can sit and watch the Dhows being loaded and watch all the activity from your A/C room - NICE !!	
Apr 9 2008	Lovely stay	Yes it's not top notch, but this is more than adequate esp when you are comparing price with quality. We booked a triple room at sth like US$230. We arrived by a late flight at around 11pm. Absolutely no problem with check-in. The (Asian) lady at the reception was very friendly and was apparently very sympathetic with our rush stay of just over 10 hours. The room is huge and clean; so is the bathroom; beds are big and very comfortable; high-quality beddings; and individual air-con that works perfectly. We stayed near the elevators but could hear no noise.When we went out for early breakfast the next day (our flight was 9:30am), the vast majority of guests we met were Japanese. Judging from the choice available from the breakfast table, guess this hotel has a major Japanese clientele. Great variety and delicious breakfast. Very smooth with check-out the next morning and the bell boy assisted us with luggage and taxi. 15 minutes to airport. All in all a wonderful stay.	
Mar 6 2008 	You got what you pay for	I have stayed 3 nights in the Riviera Hotel in January 2008. The hotel is very good located if you wanna feel the the life of the harbour. It is just at the dow harbour (ie not the most elegant part of Dubai). The view from the balcony was great to the Creek.The hotel is mid-size, tipically for those, staying there for an overnight or makeing a few days stopover. Also used by smaller airlines´crew.There was 2 kind of soup for the breakfast! Tipically for those, who traveling a lot and lost time between the timezones.The staff was everything but not helpful. I´ve asked them to help to book a mountain safari by phone, and they did not help, because that agency had no contract with the hotel (ie. the did not got bonus). They offered ticket for the sightseeing bus. When I bought one, they want me to pay surcharge, because I payed with Visa Card. (on the bus you can pay with Visa and the price is the same). Then I asked them to book a car for the morning going to the airport. The answer was: it is easy to find one on the road in the morning.The room was clean, but small, and it would be hard time for some renovations. I got a smoking room, what easily can be felt by the smell of the room.All in all, it is not the best hotel I´ve ever been, but for that price in Dubai it is not easy to find any better close to the city center.	
Jan 20 2008 	Excellent hotel	My wife and I were at the Riviera for two nights during a stopover vacation in Dubai. The room was excellent. Also, the staff was very helpful and friendly. The morning breakfast buffet was excellent. It was included in our room rent and we enjoyed the variety and all the items were delicious. The hotel is also located very close to all the souks and restaurants in Deira. So, all the fun stuff is only a few minutes walk from your room. The abra stations are also just a stone's throw from this hotel and the Bur Dubai area is just a boat ride away. You may have to get taxis to go from the hotel to Jumeirah and other locations of interest. The hotel bursar tried to find us a taxi one afternoon but could not get one. I do not blame him as finding taxis in Dubai seems to be extremely hard wherever you are.In short, we really enjoyed our stay at the Riviera Hotel and would definitely stay here again if we visit Dubai in the near future.	
Oct 9 2007 	Enjoyable stay at the Riviera	I and my family spent 3 nights at the Riviera Hotel in Dubai. We were looking for a property that would accommodate all four of us - two adults plus a 2 y.o. and a 3 y.o. We paid for the executive package upgrade and it was well worth it. We had a creek view room, and the view really is lovely. The room had a small balcony with furniture too. The room had a main bedroom which had the view, then there was the bathroom and a hallway in the middle, then closest to the entry door was a small sitting room. We made a bed for the 3 yo on the sofa, and our 2 yo slept in a cot. The hotel were fine with this and provided extra pillows.Room service was great and I have never seen a cheaper room service menu in Dubai. Very good value. Having little ones, there were nights when we did not want to go out. The executive package was true to what was advertised - we had our 3 free pieces of laundry per day, newspaper, fruit basket, late checkout, etc. Staff were very friendly. Taxis were easy to get at the door. Breakfast was adequate - lots of arabic food to choose from, plus various western items. We were quite happy with the choices.Our flight arrived from Australia at about 5am, and while we knew that they had a strict 2pm check-in policy (and our kids were exhausted as were we!), the staff seemed to do all they could to get us a room as quickly as possible - quite a few people arrived at the same time from international flights. Shame that there is no pool, but we also knew this before we arrived.Prior to having children we had stayed at very nice places, such as the JW Marriott. The Riviera Hotel decor is a little dated, but it was clean and comfortable. I would stay there again quite happily, and recommend it to friends. It is good value.	
Mar 31 2007 	good hotel but no luxury	I went there in October 2006It is a good hotel in a good place (very central)breakfast excellentall the stuff very friendlyvery quiet hotel evening kai night food very chipvery good bedsbut has no luxuryair condition very old hall is also very oldI go there for honeymoon but we don't find any special service.Also they wanted 120 euro extra to change our room with another which see the creek.I think dubai is a good place for 4 days because it hasn't the cheap things that it says.for example hotels and taxi are very expensive.food is cheapgood clothes and hi-fi is the same prize that we have in europe.we go there to buy a lot things but i bought not many things.It has good prize for expensive swatches. I bought a tag heuer for my wife.But the best of the best is the burj al arab is a dream only to see it is enough. Also safari is veryyyy good. And a cruise on the creek also very good.I think everyone must go to dubai for 4 days and to choose and another destination if he has another days.I pleased if i help because from this site i chose the hotel and i think it is a good choice.If you found a hotel with more luxury than riviera in the same prize go to another hotel.	
Feb 10 2007 	Pleasant stay when in transit.	The Riviera Hotel in Dubai is said to be a four star property. I would classify it more as a three star hotel, taken into consideration that it has neither swimming pool nor fitness centre. It is a bit old fashioned, compared to the modern Dubai. The guests were mostly of South-East Asian origin or business travellers. I would not recommend the hotel for holiday makers as there is an insufficient offer for leisure activities. Especially during the hot summer weather, it is always appreciated to have a cool drink after a refreshing dip at the pool. The hotel is “dry” and no alcoholic beverages are served, neither in the restaurant nor can they be found in the minibar. The Riviera Hotel is located at the Baniyas area next to the creek. Nearby is the Radisson and the Intercontinental Hotel. It takes only 15 minutes from the airport to reach the hotel. There is a major shopping area just behind the hotel and next to it is the Twin Tower Shopping Centre; well known for men designer cloth that can be found at very competitive prices. The Al-Ghurair Centre is in 10 minutes walking distance. The Baniyas area is very popular with Russian tourists. The check-in was efficient and cordial. My room was not ready when I arrived at 16.00 hrs but after 20 minutes waiting time, I got an upgrade with creek view instead of a cheaper room with souk (bazaar) view. All the staff was extremely helpful and polite. The room was big and pleasant with a superb view on the creek. The souk view is rather depressing as it gives directly to an old multi-storey parking garage. The king-size bed was of good quality with a real feather quilt. All was spotless clean. The bathroom was big with all amenities such as body lotion, shampoo, shower gel, and impeccable white and fluffy towels. A safety deposit is in the cupboard. A variety of English and foreign channels is offered. Internet access is USD 10.-- per 24 hours.The breakfast is served on the first floor in a spacious restaurant. They serve the traditional Arabic fare; and in addition fresh croissants and pastries, eggs are cooked to order, the variety of cold cuts is a bit meagre, as well as the cereals section. The breakfast is included in the room rate so nothing to complain about. The coffee shop situated at the entrance level was always empty as no alcoholic drinks are served. The restaurant on the first floor serves good quality of Asian food at moderate prices. There are many good restaurants at the Radisson or at the Intercontinental, a big variety of cheaper restaurants can be found behind the hotel at Baniyas Square (Iranian, Lebanese, Indian, Chinese, etc .) or there are a view coffee shops directly on the creek.I liked the hotel and will return when I am waiting for a connecting flight during my frequent stays in Dubai. The Riviera is a quite hotel, lets say a bit dull after all. As there is no alcohol served, there is no noisy bar or night club disturbing the sleep.	
Dec 7 2006 	Good location. Average hotel	The location is good and seen the hotel prices in Dubai, I obtained a good rate through a local friend. The hotel is however, in need of an urgent update. The bathroom of my &quot;suite&quot; had known better days, water pressure was so weak that I had to use cold water to make it powerful enough to shower. The best of this hotel is the staff, friendly and courteus, always ready to help. I would recommend such hotel for budget oriented travellers not willing to pay the usual 5 star rates of hotels in Dubai. The location is very good, breakfast very average and bathroon as I said before, needs urgently to be renovated.	
Dec 6 2006 	Home from home	I first stayed at the Riviera on a stopover from UK to India. The courtesy and kindness of the staff was second to none, and they made my stay so comfortable that my stay was not long enough. My room had spectacular views of Dubai Creek, so it was nice to watch the dhows and the little abras ferrying up the Creek, and it was so quiet, considering the hotel is on Baniyas Street, which is very busy. One week after I left for India, I arranged to meet a friend from UK back in Dubai and sadly, the Riviera was booked for part of the time we wanted. However, we did go in a couple of times for afternoon tea, just to sit and watch the world go by, and all the staff remembered me and gave me a really warm welcome. When my friend returned to UK, I was lucky enough to get back into the Riviera for my last night there. On arrival at 11am, it was a nice surprise to find my room was ready (check-in time 2pm), I again had a beautiful room with Creek view, and they also upgraded me to Executive Class, which gave me free use of the fridge, 2hours free Internet use, basket of fresh fruit etc. Also included in the cost is a buffet breakfast. The attention to detail is superb, here I felt relaxed, and being on my own, I felt very safe. I cannot wait to go back there. It is also not far from Deira city centre, and it was relatively easy to get taxis on the main road. Highly recommended.	
Nov 20 2006 	I'll be back	Like others I chose the Riviera based on Tripadvisor feedback. We also found it a pleasant hotel, well located, offering good value with extremely friendly and helpul staff. We stayed for just 15 hours while passing through and staff almost insisted that we should have breakgfast in our room at 4:30am as we were departing long before the restaurant opened. The breakfast, far more than we could eat, was a good idea.I hope to return to Dubai and will not look elsewhere.	
Aug 27 2006 	Great Value Great Value	Found this hotel on TripAdvisor after reading all the reviews, booked through stayxs and got a great rete on Creek View room (pay the extra and stay in one of these).The Hotel is on the main street and right in the heart of it, the views of the creek are incredible. The room is a good size, with everything you would expect, the sevice is good, and the breakfast is great.The staff will organise a taxi for you, and are willing to help when needed. We ordered room service very late at night, and it was beautiful (maybe because we were so hungry).We will definitely stay here when we venture back to the amazing Dubai.	
Aug 22 2006	Pleasant Riviera	Stayed for 5 days and enjoyed the Riviera very much - only complaint was no swimming pool and it was 40+ celcius. Breakfast was excellent, good variety. The Hana restaurant served Asian food - very tasty and even the fake beer was good (this is a no alcohol hotel) All the staff, without exception, were extremely friendly, pleasant and helpful. If you are considering this hotel we would advise booking a Creek view room and taking the executive upgrade as it is well worth paying a bit more for. The location in Deira was a good choice for us as opposed to the beach area - more interesting and without all the road works going on there.	
May 31 2006	Good Hotel Great Location	I am a travel agent and spend lots of time in hotels. This hotel is probably more a high 3 than 4 star, but taking that into account - the location is fantastic, the service excellent, room spotlessly clean.The staff helped me plan my day for sightseeing, and advised on shopping spots.Will definately stay here again.	
Feb 5 2006	Great Stay...Great Service	We stayed at the Riveria Hotel in November,2005 (i finally got around to writing the review)..I can't say enough good things about this hotel..We had a view of the creek, the room was very clean, the breakfast was great, close to everything and the staff was exceptionally friendly..Would definately stay there again...	
Jan 22 2006	Great Stay lovely creek view at night	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days even though our room was not available when we reached the hotel)agents mistake) I found the front desk, porters clerical people and all the attendants throughout the restaurantto be extremely, helpful and willing to please, will be recommending this hotel for its central location. Definitely will stay again in 2006.Girls from New Zealand	
Jan 15 2006	Fantastic Views	Just got back from a short stay in Dubai. Originally booked - Agents choice(not mine) to stay in the Hotel Dubai Palm - sounds nice but terrible.Disco music heard on every floor until 3am every morning, hotel needs total updating and the breakfast was a disgrace. Rang The Hotel Riviera at 9am and checked in 9.20 - great price and upgrade to Executive Package. Great location looking on to the Creek, 10 mins walk to The Souk and boats crossing the creek. Fantastic breakfast and staff who couldn't do enough for you. Book direct with hotel and get good rates. Only draw back is No Bar so no Alcohol but go next door to the Carlton Towers if you are in need. I would still book this hotel and would suggest it to anyfriends going to Dubai	
Oct 2 2005	close to everything	We stayed at the Riviera Hotel for 8 days. We arrived at 2am to find our booking dates were mixed up not a fault of the hotel but the travel agent, we arrived a day later. We phoned the hotel when we arrived knowing our bookings were mixed up, we were told that they have a room for us. We got to the hotel and presented the reception staff with the booking confirmation that we had, after some arguing we got a room. They wanted us to pay for the room again even though it was already paid.The room stank of smoke and food. We complained the room stank to the manager and were informed that is not the room that was booked for us but is the only one available tonight. After 2 days we received keys to another room that was non smoking it smelled even more than the room we had. I think the hotel would go far if they invested in some deodorizers for the rooms. In general the rooms were clean a good size.We had trouble with water leaking from the ceiling in the bathroom which we rang the reception and reported it. We had to wait for the next day for the hot water in the ceiling to be fixed.We went out for most of our meal as we were out each day sight seeing but the breakfast at the hotel was delicious. We found there was a great food variety for breakfast from western, asian, middle eastern and so on.The hotel has a business centre where you can send faxes etc and internet. We found the internet was too expensive compared to the internet cafes in the area (20 durhams for 20 minutes).The hotel was central and easy to get to anywhere we went. We found transport was always at hand whether we needed a taxi or cross the river to the other side. When we needed a taxi the hotel staff organized it for us.I would not rate this hotel as a 4 star hotel more like a 3 star.Even though Dubai is modernized and has lots of tourism we couldn’t help feeling like a piece of meat when we walked out of the hotel all eyes stared at us and the eyes follow your every move no matter where you were or what you wore.	
May 27 2005	more a 3* than a 4*	Hotel riviera is classified as a 4**** but compared to European standards, it is more a 3*! Its location is great and the staff was very helpful and overall we had a pleasant stay. but if I had to go to Duabi again, i wouldnt stay at this hotel. The Room, especially the bathroom, was not cleaned properly and I didnt like the breakfast. I also wished the hotel had a pool.Overall its not a bad hotel and it is ideal for budget travellers	
Nov 8 2004	Great locationj	We stayed in this hotel for 4 days in October 2004. Although we arrived well past midnight the front desk was well manned and luggage was whipped away and sent to our room before we had checked in.The room we had, which calls itself a suit was adequate for our needs, on entering there was a sitting area which had amenity refrigerators, seats and table plus a television set, showing a surprising number of western channels, you then walked pass the reasonably sized bathroom into the main room. This was furnished quite well with an enormous double bed. This room again had another t.v. along with hairdryer, air con, fridge, hospitality tray well stocked, a basket of fruit as a welcoming gift.The restaurants in the hotel serve Japanese, Thai and Chinese, we did sample a couple of meals and found them not only good but very reasonably priced.Breakfast is served in the same room as the restaurant and again was very good, an enormous selection covering a number of tastes, from western food to Japanese.Staff, who are mainly from the Philipines, were extremely obliging and helpful.There is a good internet site within the hotel very reasonably priced.Although the location of the Hotel is not to everyones liking, i.e. in the city centre, it is very central and easy to navigate yourself around the city.Altogether we enjoyed our stay and would certainly recommend this establishment.	
Oct 4 2009 	??????????????		
Mar 31 2009 	?????????		
Feb 11 2009 	????????????		
Feb 4 2009 	??????????		
Dec 30 2008 	????????????????????		
Dec 27 2008 	?????????????		
Oct 6 2008 	?????????????		
Mar 18 2007	nicht sein Geld wert		
