Nov 19 2009 	wonderfull hotel in good location	Sheraton brand has reputation for quality and value. For that reason we decided to stay at this hotel and were not disapointed. Wonderfull desk staff. We were given upgraded room on 7th floor with a view of tallest building in the world. The hotel is renovated and everithing is so nice and modern looking. Indian restaurant is must to see. Location of the hotel is excelent for sightseeing and shopping. Taxis in Dubai are cheap but we hired limo from the hotel instead at 80Dh per hour and had experienced driver / guide showing us around. Wonderfull and highly recommended.	
Nov 17 2009 	Comfortable	Friendly staff, nice location, good breakfast sauna Jacuzzi were good even the pool (although it’s small) but in Dubai with such a weather you can cope in with bottle of water to swim in :)	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Rooms Cheesy Lobby Ok Location	The lobby when I first checked in seemed a thowback from earler decades, but i was VERY pleased when I entered my room. The room i was in was recently renovated - i believe more of the hotel rooms are being renovated now. It was very nice. Great decor. Large. Comfortable. With small sofa as well as desk area. Good for business people. Room included a safe, iron and board, and a US outlet for electronics. Bathroom was very nice, with great toiletries and ample towels. Breakfast was included and all around good value. Location was not the most convenient for our meetings, but it wasn't horrible either. Depends on where your meetings are obviously so make sure you map things out ahead of time.	
Oct 26 2009 	meh.	Stayed here while attending GITEX. Room was fine - I was upgraded because SPG Gold, and room was just OK - nothing to write home about. Terrible hot water - took 5 minutes to warm up and then tepid at best. Just provide simple soap &amp; shampoo - would expect a little more in a 4 star. Room was clean and recently renovated, comfy bed. Service was good - no problems getting things done, although they never did figure out not to knock on my door at 0800h and I didn't have a 'do not disturb' sign. Internet rates a ripoff at 80DHS a day. Absolutely disgusting and terrible 100DHS buffet for dinner - compared to other options, this is about the worst food in Dubai I've eaten. Ripoff hotel car coerced me to take a ride that should've been about 30DHS in a regular taxi, cost 140DHS. Why do hotels sponsor / allow these con-artists to hang around? All in all, an average stay. I'd stay there again for a moderately priced room during peak season, but would explore other options first.	
Oct 12 2009 	Hotel is good but the service is very poor	The rooms are huge and comfy but unfortunately the service was not upto the mark. The hotel it seems have been done up recently only. Further they charge for water which works out a lot more in cost basis.The english pub was good and the staff was good at the same.Breakfast was also pretty good	
Sep 28 2009 	Overall excellent!	This hotel was excellent overall and I would definitely go back. We were offered a room upgrade with no extra charge. The executive room on the 5th floor was excellent. The most comfortable beds ever! Plasma tv, sitting area with couch and coffee table, nice marble bathroom. Very spacious room. Do not look for one of these dreamy arabic style rooms of Burj Al Arab, ok??The breakfast was really good, with different dishes every day. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. The restaurant was open for lunch and dinner. There was also a caffe, a night club, a swimming pool, a ballroom and a gym. The pool was rather small (but I didnt care), but extremely clean and with a separate jacuzzi. Towels were provided. The gym was medium size, very well equipped. Transfer to the beach was provided, free of charge. Careful do not go on a holiday. Mondays are for ladies and children only. Also, tranfer to and from the airport was provided at 100 dirhams each time (100 from + 100 to the airport). The location of the hotel was excellent. Very safe. There are two supermarkets right around the corner. Also, the hotel is like 5 minutes by foot from the Metro station, which can take you to the Mall of the Emirates (for 12 dirhams aller-retour) or the Deira City Center for like 5.5 dirhams (aller retour). Right now, not all metro stations have opened. They really need to open the Dubai Mall station. The hotel is also at a 5 minutes walking distance from the Burjuman Mall (a very expensive one). The museum is close by and also the Creek (from where you can book a dinner cruise). The airport is about 15 minutes ride. Overall, I was very satisfied from this hotel, and I have travelled all over the world. Location, service and room were excellent.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good hotel nothing to get excited about	I've been there last October, good hotel but something less than the other Four Points in Dubai. Clean room, a good location if you're a businessman since the hotel is very close to the business district.	
Aug 22 2009 	Mixed feelings	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. The good points were; the room was clean with comfortable beds, the breakfasts were pleasant, with helpfull staff, and the hotel was a short distance from the airport. What I can't believe is that they kept the hotel open when they were carrying out major renovations, all the time we were in our room, all we could hear was banging, drilling and grinding, with a srong smell of paint. This went on 24 hours for the 3 days we were there. I complained several times during the night, and was told that they would stop - they did not. It wasn't untill I made a fuss in the lobby at 4am that I was told they would stop working, they did, but started again at 6am. What would have been a relaxing stop over turned into a stressful stopover, with only a tiny pool to relax in. (The pool was full with 2 people in it). When we checked out and asked if we enjoyed our stay, we told them about the situation, which they ignored!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Friendly staff Spacious Room Lovely Facilities	I had a quick in and out stay through Dubai. The staff could not have been more accommodating -- among the best service I've ever enjoyed. Large rooms, excellent facilities, everything you need. If you're looking for a faux gold-plated Dubai chintz, this isn't it. But for an easy relaxing stop through Dubai, this is highly recommended.	
Jul 5 2009 	Not worth for the money I spent	If you look for a modern and upscale Hotel in Dubai, do not choose this one. Expensive rooms for what Hotel offers: cheap lobby, ridiculous swimming pool (like a bath-tube), tiny fitness room and small restaurant. Friendly staff.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great valuegood locationeasy.	We found this hotel to be better than expected. The check-in was fine at 2am, not a problem. We got to the room and it had 2 beds so we asked to change and we were given a kingbed room straight away. It was very roomy and the bed was the best I have ever slept in. No noise so we slept very well. Walked to the Burjamin Mall the next morning for breakfast which was only a short stroll away. There is a supermarket a few doors now from the hotel as well. It is a lovely walk down to the creek and then we got a boat across to see the gold souk. Dubai was a disapointing in that it was hard to get around as you had to take taxis everywhere and it wasn't easy to find decent places to eat except your hotel. It is still just a big construction sight in the desert with shopping malls and new buildings.	
Jun 10 2009 	Horrible service and not a four star hotel by any standards	I booked a room called &quot;comfy room&quot; on the 6th floor of this hotel. I choose this hotel entirely due to the good reviews on trip advisor.First the hotel is in the middle of no where and is situated in a constructin worker housing area with horrible odor of sweat in the airWhen I enterd the hotel there was no one there to take the luggage, I was asked to deposit 500 dollars US ... this seemed very high since usuaully hotels do not ask for 100 dollars or 1 night room cost in advance in case you use services after 5 minuites the bell boy came from his smoke break and took my luggage in. My arrival time was approximatly 9:00 Am. To the best of my understanding and having been to over 15 diffrent hotels across the world the normal check in time is 12:00 PM... this hotel had a 3:00 Pm check in time which meant after a 22 hour flight I could not take a shower or rest, I was told to go to the pool on the roof and take a shower their... I found this very odd and unprofessional of a so called 4 star hotel. the hotel by no means was 4 stars, especially by Dubai Standards of good hotels. I would give this hotel a 3 and thats pushing it. Now regarding the breakfast, I was charged 168 DHS for breakfast while it was actually in my reservations and paid for, I dident pay of course but it was a hassle. The food was not 4 star at all, the fruits were canned and not fresh and the meats were very cold and dry, I am not a picky person but this was very unacceptable. The room it self was good and spacious with the minor issues of bathtub and sinks being dirty. The Air conditoning which you can set your self would turn off in the middle of the night making sleeping very difficult as well. All in all i would not recommend this hotel to anyone for business or pleasure. Before I forget the interent was free only on the lobby floor and was ridiculously slow. The room rate for the internet was the eqivilanet to 15$ per hour which was really suprising given the slow speed of 512 MB per second. I would not suggest this hotel to anyone because it is all just a big headache. I was only at the hotel for 4 days and only spend the time their eating breakfast and sleeping since I was going to business meetings everyday but all in all not a good hotel even for a few hours.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Value for money Free WiFi in lobby Clost to Airport	Went on a trip with Graduate Students- The wifi in the lobby was critical. Clean rooms, attentive staff, streams of taxis outside and waiting. Great for airport, further away for downtown and on the opposite end of the Jumeirah area. Plan wisely when you choose a hotel... traffic is horrible!!	
May 14 2009 	The worst 4 points in Dubai	This hotel does not qualify as a Four Points, especially compared with the other 2 in Dubai. The whole hotel is in need of extensive make over. The room has seen better days.	
Apr 23 2009 	Value for money	It was nice and new hotel with proximity to most of the places I wanted to travel. Good hospitality.	
Apr 23 2009 	Lovely Hotel	A perfect Business cum holiday place with best ameneties. Beautiful location and amazing service. World class infrastructure. Amazing net services. Good bargain prices -	
Apr 20 2009	Great Location	I stayed in four points by sheraton in Bur Dubai between the 12th of feb 2009 to 14th of feb, the experience of staying there was wonderful,the room I got were kept neat and clean, and may be partly due to recession the rates were also less for a 3 star delux hotel (by the way the lobby manager told me that is there certification was) although the website says its a 4 star, the rooms had were good but if like me you are a fan of watching your daily movie of television you just might need to think again the television has very limited channels, also the reception is not that impressive for a 4 star hotel, there night club was a big disappointment along with the swimming pool which was pretty small. The massage experience was good, they have some very good massagers and incase u are looking relive your self of a back massage I suggest a oil swedish massage. The main USP of the place is the location, although bur dubai is not a area which is known for its surrounding (as most of the place is pretty old) but the taxis are much more easily available because of vicinty of many hotels and malls such as burjuman (which is a high end mall). In case you are going for a business trip the chances are the office u are visiting is either in bank street (where the hote is situated) or shiekh zayed, which is pretty close to it. overall the stay was good as hotel staff was hospital and prompt (I timed the staff when I ordered a sheesk tawook platter at 3:00 am in the morning and they actually delivered it in 14 mins flat). Although the seletion of all night menu needs to be changed	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent location 	Excellent location, authentice indian food and mederately priced rooms. Very co-operative staff and courteous too, Not many rooms, but it's worth a try. Most of the major shopping malls are within 5-6 kms and taxis are readily available. Internet is available.	
Apr 19 2009 	Value for money with Luxuary	My company has choosen this hotel for all our executives to stay on our business trips. From the front desk to check out, the services were exelent and up to the standard. I used to stay most of the hotel chains including 5star hotels, world wide.This hotel gave me the satisfactions when ever I have a chance to stay.	
Apr 17 2009 	loved antiq bazar	good hotel, good service, antiq bazar great place	
Apr 13 2009 	Use as Stop Over Only	This review is on the property on Khalid Bin Walid St (there are 2 different Four Points by Sheraton called the Four Points Bur Dubai). If you are using this one as a stop over, this property is OK. The beds are comfortable. No windows, poor air circulation and sharing air between smoking and non-smoking floors make the air quality bad. Non-smokers, or people who have difficulty breathing, this property is to be avoided. The decor and cleanliness are passable (maybe 2.5 stars at best).Although Dubai is not pedestrian friendly, its a great area for walking around for shopping to pick up bargains. I recommend picking up some drinks at the grocery store, which is down the street when you exit the hotel on the right, turn the corner (do not cross the street) and on the following corner is the store.I personally found the staff cannot do enough to assist you. We had a 3 a.m. flight out and went to the cafe at midnight. After finding out we would not be there for breakfast because of the early morning flight, and knowing we would not be eating for several hours, the staff brought us a continental breakfast free of charge.	
Apr 10 2009 	never again	From the moment we entered this horrible place i was annoyed. the receptionist was rude and our room was not ready so they offered us a smoking room which we took because we needed to rest after flying in from oman but the room was stinking and there was construction workers outside so couldnt open window.changed rooms again only to find that we should have been in the excecutive suite which we were charged for. stayed for 2 nights but would not recommened it ever	
Mar 23 2009 	Would Not Stay At This Hotel Again	I had an early flight into Dubai and had read reviews on this hotel how they would check you in early. I arrived and handed an on-line booking voucher to hotel clerk.He told me that I could not check in until later in the afternoon. I waited in the lobby for about 30 mins. and then he told me they could check me in but there would be an additional charge of $70 USD.I was tried after a 8 hour flight and accepted . I had to give him my credit card.When I went to check out the next day the clerk would not accept my on-line booking voucher I had submitted the day before. I had to catch a plane so I did not have time to deal with this clerk and checked out. When I checked my credit card statement I had been charged three times for a one night stay. I'm still trying to get my money back.What a hassle. Some of the other problems with this property I found were that Sheraton has more than one Four Points in town with one of them being very close to the other so when I jumped in taxi and said Four Points we went to the wrong property. The hotel's pool area looked to be in disrepair with plywood around the pool and sun deck area. The bar on property also booked a punk rock band for the week-end and it became very rowdy and not the type of non-paying customers I would want if I owned the hotel.	
Feb 28 2009 	Clean and friendly	This hotel is clean and the rooms are nice. The staff were friendly and the concierge very helpful. The swimming pool is on the roof, fairly small and the sunbeds fill up quickly in the a.m. The location of the hotel means you need a taxi to go shopping, swimming in the sea or eating at most restaurants. The hotel is helpful with arranging a taxi, but prepare to wait for the taxi. It would be smart to pre order one for a specific time if you know when and where you are going. There is not much around within walking distance. All in all it is a nice hotel, location is not great. Staff is friendly, the least friendly experience I had would have been at check in. Not to many smiles there when I checked in, but otherwise great.	
Jan 19 2009 	four points is not a four star	Stayed at the hotel for 6 night. Location is good, Major shopping mall is on walking distance, Starbuck and several good restaurants are nearby. Hotel staff very helpfull and polite. Brekfast area small, usually we had to wait for tables to be cleaned. Swiming pool very very small, most of the day in the shadow, with occasionall bad small from the hotel kitchen. Hotel rooms very clean and beds confortable , only thing that is up to Sheraton standards. There are few other Four points hotel in Dubai and I belive that they are better choise than this one.	
Dec 4 2008 	Enjoyed a lot	We stayed for two nights in four points Bur Dubai. It was a very nice experience for me and my wife. Staff were friendly and helpfull. We arrived quite early and they didn't reject us. We couldn't stay in non smoking room as we arrived early and there is no available room at that moment. Room is ok except smoke feeling inside.They did not forget my wife's birthday which makes us very happy and decide to stay again. Vale parking is a great chance because there is heavy traffic on main street. When you compare pricing with same class hotels it really worths.	
Dec 1 2008 	Nice location clean hotel friendly staff good value	I stayed at Four Points by Sheraton on Khalid Bin Waleed Rd for two nights. The room I got was clean and nice. The staff was very helpful for my needs. There is free wifi in the lobby (they have charge for room internet access), a nice small swimming pool, a couple of options for food etc.This is walking distance to the Burjaman shopping center and other places in Bur Dubai. Overall good value for money as I got a good rate directly from the hotel's web site.	
Oct 27 2008 	Average	Chose this hotel because of location. Came for a short shopping trip. This hotel is near to the BurJuman Shopping Mall. Located on a busy road. Starbucks nearby. Taxis easy to get. The room was average, there was no iron or ironing board. The hotel has an Indian theme. Hotel has various restaurants which I didnt get a chance to try. Whilst I was there, there was an Indian wedding and an Indian conference being held consecutively.	
Oct 17 2008 	So-so hotel in grungy area of Dubai	For the price of USD 175 or so, I expected much more from this hotel but was disappointed. First, it's in a grungy area that is pretty dirty and grimy. The area is in a expatriate ghetto of some sort, so you have a lot of hard labor types milling around. Also, Dubai is shoehorning in a mass transportation system so a number of roads in the area, including the one in front are witnessing a lot of construction activity, so caveat-emptor. The hotel itself harks back to the 80s in terms of it's layout and furnishings but the room amenities are very good. The staff, while being helpful (accomodated a early check-in request) were less tactful when it came to settling the question of the free breakfast that came with my booking not once, but three times despite producing the booking which clearly mentioned it. Annoying.For the same amount of money, I got a spectacular 20th story room with a view at the Pan Pacific in expensive, space constrained Singapore a month ago. I fail to see the value of my money in this hotel in a less organized country.	
Sep 22 2008 	Not again	Firstly, the concierge was superb. And the bed was comfortable BUT . . .It was in a grotty bit of the city, very claustrphobic area and when outside we struggled with the lack of fresh air. We were put up here due to a problem with our flight, and I would not go there ever again. The view from our room was of the work ojn the block next door (they started work at 5.30 a.m. on the Sunday!). The bed was so comfy, and we did sleep well until the builders started. The bathroom was fairly clean, but not to the standard i expected. There were cracks in the tiling and the floor tiles were very uneven. We had half board, but when it came to our evening meal, we discovered that it was for a limited price. which meant that if we had wanted wine with our meal, we were limited to our main course! as it was a fanta orange and a rump steak fitted in with the cost, but it wasn't fancy for the price.	
Aug 19 2008 	OK Hotel in a boring location	This hotel is ok whe it comes to the rooms, the staff isn't very quick in serving you and the front desk isn't doing your stay simpler.Housekeeping is very good, concierge not good at all.Breakfast buffe in simple and didn't attract me at all.Pool area looks miserable!Stayed here for business sven days and the only reason it was ok was because it was close to the office.Peter Gustafsson	
Jun 19 2008 	a lovely experience	well a lovely stay after going through the review of fellow travellers was a bit a dissappointed wid my choice but i guess i was wrong to believe them a lovely hotel great staff and good food. the breakfasts were nice and filling dont expect much changes though .the room was very good ,equipped with wifi fascillaties but the best was the hospitality which by the way was very welcoming a good and a plesant stay for a rather hot dubai.and ya trust me very central getting a round is a lot of problem in dubai and the heat worstens it...	
May 26 2008 	nice hotel	Nice hotel, reasonable location. Had a few issues initially, but after sorting these out our 4 night stay was ok. Staff was wonderful, could not have been more helpful although not always terribly efficient. Breakfast was great.	
Apr 3 2008	Ok but charge too much as compared to their standard	The hotel was not as good as I expected it to be. Being Four Points hotel, i expected the services to be good but it was no more than just an ordinary 2 star motel.	
Mar 11 2008 	Nice hotel	We stayed 6 nights in this hotel, and had a wonderful stay. Positive: The staff was always very helpful. They did their best to help us with anything we needed. I liked the pool area a lot. It was nice and quiet, sometimes I had it to myself. It was sunny all day, and a very nice place to relax. There's also a jacuzzi. We chose this hotel because of the convenient location compared to the price. Anything more central was a lot more expensive. The food from the room service menu was good, both the breakfast and the all day menu. It was usually pretty easy to get a taxi from the hotel when we were going somewhere. Negative: The negative things are tiny and not important, but if I must say something negative, here they are:Some of the staff didn't speak English very well. We ordered steak with bernaise sauce from the room service menu, just like we had the day before, but this time they called us back after taking our order and said &quot;I'm sorry, we don't have lebanese sauce&quot;. It took a couple of minutes to explain that we wanted bernaise sauce. Also a couple of other times they had problems with understanding us, but they were still very helpful. The shower seems old. It annoyed me that you couldn't use a handheld shower or adjust the height. The reception told us that the showers would be replaced within the summer, so hopefully that won't be a problem anymore then. Overall I really liked this hotel. I wouldn't mind staying here again if I ever go to Dubai and still don't want to spend a fortune on one of the luxury resorts.	
Feb 15 2008 	Nice but avoid Tuesday night	Really good placed in the hearth of Bur Dubai, 10 minutes walking to Dubai Museun and Dubai Creek, where there are the main souks in town..The hotel is clean and confortable, the restaurants are great, the only inconvenience was the noissy tuesday night ,in order there is usually a party in Touch Disco at the mezzanine Floor.Staff was proffesional and kind all the time.Pool, jacuzzi, Sauna and Gym are well equiped.Good ambiance at Viceroy pub.	
Dec 11 2007	Reasonable Hotel in an Expensive City	I spent almost a week here together with business colleagues attending an exhibition at the Trade Centre. The hotel itself is OK with a well equipped fitness centre and the english pub is a good spot to wind down after the traffic of Dubai. The hotel is well away from the &quot;City Centre&quot; and getting a taxi can be an absolute nightmare most times of the day. Internet access is expensive (like most hotels in the Middle East), but the service is good. The breakfast buffet is a little boring with few changes day to day and the pool area was closed for maintenance during our stay. You could do a lot worse, but I'm sure there are better options if you want to be in the centre of things.	
Nov 21 2007 	not bad ok location	dubai is expensive if you want to be central and this hotel was also close to £200 per night but everywhere else better in a similar location was even more expensive.older hotel that does need some updating but actually the rooms where fine, good size and good quality.	
Nov 9 2007 	Would not recommend this to anyone	This was a preferred hotel from my company and a nonsmoking room was booked by the corporate travel agency. Upon arrival only a smoking room was available, and the room was disgusting. As a business traveler arriving after midnight this was not what I had anticipated. My room was changed the next day, fortunately it was nonsmoking but noticed there must be no air cleaner as there is a lingering cigarette smell in the air. The room was equally run down as the first, at least the toilet worked this time. I was extremely disappointed to see how run down the rooms are, the walls and curtains could be cleaned. Stains on the pillows should be removed as this is very unsanitary, the lounge chairs require cleaning or reupholstering, so does the desk chair. Visually this was traumatic for me and I would never recommend staying at this place. Its a good thing I brought hand cleaner and travel wipes to clean around the room as I was scared to touch anything. The staff is mediocre at the hotel and cannot really say much. The only advantage for this hotel is that it is in the financial district, however a cab ride is cheap -- find someplace else to stay.	
Oct 31 2007	Nice and acceptable	I stayed in this hotel dozens of times. Not because I choose it but because my company gets corporate rate over there.The announced price is really very high and the hotel doesn't worth that much money.Rooms are clean and tidy. Food is good. Prices are acceptable.Location is excellent, in banks road and near computer shopping malls. Overall pleasant stay with no remarkable problems.Some negative points (to justify the rating):1. Standard room is small.2. Over priced - less value for money.3. Very indian oriented - although I love indian food and indian music, - but I hate it when once culture dominates all the others. This is clear about the food taste and accent of the staff. If you can eat spicy food - this hotel is your best place.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great hotel will stay there again!	I was a bit hesitant to stay at this hotel as it was classed as 4* and ideally I wanted a 5* hotel but I must admit, this hotel definately felt like a 5* hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful especially when we needed a larger taxi for the whole family. The location is terrific - not too far from the Gold and Textile Souk, the major malls are all about 10-15 mins away (expect the Burjuman which is down the road from the hotel) and the beach is also not too far. The hotel provides a free shuttle service to the open beach every morning which means you don't have to fork out for a taxi ride there! Not that the taxis cost that much in the first place. I will definately go back to Four Points by Sheraton Hotel in the near future and can gladly say my stay there was very pleasant.	
Aug 18 2007	Nice hotel well located	Very comfortable beds, good location, nice breakfast.	
Jun 16 2007 	Better Location for Tourists than most larger Dubai Hotels	This review covers two visits to the 4-Points in May and June 2007. Both were fully satisfactory. This is a quite small hotel by modern Dubai standards and it is located on the edge of the old city. As such it is in the centre of more normal urban life – small shops, restaurants, hairdressers, tailors etc. which can be reached on foot - than the much larger hotels springing up elsewhere on locations which are essentially only accessible by taxi. The rooms I stayed in were very comfortable and spotlessly maintained and the staff was helpful and friendly in the extreme. The fruit platter provided on arrival was most welcome. There is a small but well-maintained swimming pool with comfortable sunbeds and shades. There is an ATM at the entrance – very convenient for newly arriving guests who lack local currency. Since there are so many other restaurants in the area I had breakfast only at the hotel – this is a buffet, adequate but not spectacular. There is a supermarket immediately adjacent (turn left out of the entrance). Across the road is the reasonably-priced Nefertiti Restaurant, which served a strange mixture of Lebanese and Russian cuisine and a hundred yards to the right from the entrance an equally acceptable Chinese restaurant. A little further, on the corner, is a budget-level shopping mall with a large number of electronics shops – a good place to come for computer equipment and accessories – bargaining is in order. A few minutes walk beyond this brings one into a warren of streets filled with Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi-owned shops and businesses, including innumerable gold, electronics and clothing stores, internet cafés and hairdressers. The atmosphere is friendly and very reminiscent of an Indian city and prices are very competitive – I had one of the best haircuts of my life for the equivalent of $5, which included a generous tip. I found this area – essentially “Old Dubai” - a far more attractive proposition than the prestigious but sterile vistas, boulevards and shopping malls of the new Dubai that is rising daily at an incredible rate. I was combining some sight-seeing with business but I suspect that most tourists who are interested in genuine local colour as opposed to a bland multi-star experience would share my view of this hotel’s location as a highly enjoyable one. The one negative criticism which I have is one that applies to very many hotels these days. This is that the desk and chair provided are not comfortable for anybody using a computer for any length of time. As most business travellers today will be bringing a laptop with them, and in many cases using it for extended periods, the provision of a computer-friendly desk and ergonomic swivel chair should be regarded as a must.	
Mar 19 2007	Good Hotel - Good Deal	It is too bad the others did not have the same experience I had with this hotel. This is a very good example of the fact you don't have to pay a fortune to get a good hotel room in Dubai. I checked in around 2am and although there was some confusion about the date of my arrival, the front desk went out of their way to help and once I got to my room the room service was excellant. I found the hotel to be clean, quiet and in a great neighborhood. The staff was professional, helpful and I will absolutely return as well as recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Feb 24 2007	Good hotel but make sure you have a room	We stayed four nights in Feb 2006. The hotel is good, but do make sure that you have double checked that your room is booked.We booked via Expedia, and had all the confirmations, but the hotel informed us on arrival that one of the rooms had been cancelled. We had also booked non-smoking rooms, but again there was confusion on this. No apology was offered by the hotel!We spent a couple of hours hanging around, but eventually managed to get into our room by 4 pm. Expedia subsequently confirmed that it had sent all the correct paperwok to the hotel!Otherwise, the hotel is clean, and service pretty good. It is centrally located for exploring Dubai. The rooms are on the small side.Would certainly recommend it as a short stay hootel.	
Jan 8 2007 	hotel service leaves much to be desired	1.Two executive rooms booked between 25/12/06 &amp; 1/01/07.My daughter (on her honeymoon) given a room (708) which and (for obvious reasons) I only realised after 5 days was double the size of mine (712). Confirmed by staff that mine was not of executive standard. 2.Service sloppy:- bed linen not changed every day, towels occasionally missing; soap not provided on one occasion; minibar not replinished regularly; inability to cope with a rush of guests for breakfast.3.Charged double fares for tours (refunded when I actually realised and complained).3.Complained on various occasions at front desk. No result. Tried to get an appointment with Manager. Not available. Eventually a very sympathetic, well dressed fellow came over. He offered his sympathy and asked how he could compensate us for all the mishaps. In a spirit of conciliation I told him not to bother but send my party (4 people) a glass of champagne at midnight on New Years' Eve. I am afraid that even this did not materialise. I am not amused and will publish on my website.Dr. Joseph Ignatius Vella MD	
Nov 28 2006 	Great Stay!	I went with my family for the first time to Dubai...I loved my stay but I don't think the other members of my family did. It's always the smell of any hotel that bothers me the most as I don't like such smells haha but you just get used to it. The staff were really friendly especially the travel desk, we didn't know where places were and what we could do and he was very helpful...thanks to him we knew were we were going! or else we would have been lost! Most shops are walking distance so that was good. If your staying ther for a few nights or weeks I recommand this hotel for sure! :)	
Nov 14 2006	few helpfull staffs	i was staying there with my family for 5 nights, the hotel is centrally located so it was very easy to go around the city, though the rooms were not as spacious as i required (i have 2 childrens also) but there were few staff,who were really very helpful, this was the first time in dubai &amp; a guy from the travel desk named Deboo, was very helpful, his job was only to sell tours, but he guided me in all the ways he could, he went out of his way to get my room early &amp; even arranged to get a room which is on the roadside, he was the only one who made my trip easier, unfortunately i was already booked for the tours, so i wasnt able to try his, but i m sure, next time i gonna book everything through him. next person was caroline, she is in the reception &amp; she was the only person behind the reception who was carrying a smily &amp; didnt had any attitude. the overall experience was good. i would surely recomend this hotel to others if they r couples or groups or even those people who have children but they should take 2 rooms.Mr. S.R.	
Nov 1 2006 	Poor Service	I stayed with my wife and son in this hotel for 5 nights during the Eid holidays. I liked the location, easyly accessible. We were very upset with services, first they provided us with a twin sharing room inspite of booking almost a month before for a double room and a response: if you want take it attitude from the manager, Till the end of the stay they could not provide an extra bed for my kid inpite of requesting every day and they could not fix the locker til the last day. We overall had a very happy vacationin dubai exept for the hotel.	
Oct 27 2006 	Mixed feelings	OK, The good points:Generally good and attentive staff. A pub type bar and Restaurant, lively atmosphere, British style food and beer. Accommodation comfortable enough. Nothing exceptional. Small lobby area, with a coffee shop type of thing next to it. The not so good:The location is in a rather dreary area of 70's Dubai. Some good shops around, but there are much better locations for Hotels in Dubai. If you need to stay in this part of Dubai, fine. If your first visit, get another location.The pool is small, and on a roof. The sun disappears around the surrounding tower blocks for a lot of the afternoon, so if you want sun, there are very limited times. That means the few sun loungers fthat there are, follow the ever decreasing sun, and you will probably get to sit in the shade. Someone has tried to make the area look nice, but it looks a bit shabby. OK for a quick dip, but if you want a swimming holiday, go somewhere else. Sauna for men, OK, small but did the job. There is an outside area, outside the main restaurant. It is a dreary, concrete trench that someone has stuck green velcrose to, to try and brighten up your view. Needs a complete makeover here!Ground floor Buffet &amp; Restaurant itself is OK, generally quiet. The upstairs Indian Restaurant is good, I went back twice!There is some machinary on the roof that comes on and off, makes a lot of noise. It was a distraction to me, after a few nights I was annoyed. Maybe lower floors do not have this issue.	
Oct 9 2006 	Very comfortable hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. It was in a good location , about 20 minutes to the aiport. But i the location of Crowne Plaza was better than this hotel. We chose to stay here because they offered to let us check in early in the morning. The rooms were very comfortable and clean, bfast was good. Staff was excellent	
Sep 26 2006 	Delightful!	After reading a poor review of this hotel (below), I was pretty concerned about my booking. I had no reason to be at all! It was lovely, the staff couldn't have been more helpful, it was immaculate and the facilities were great. Our room was nicely decorated, clean and spacious. The pool area was lovely and the bars and restaurants were all fantastic. I would especially recommend the Indian restaurant in the hotel - apparently it's an award-winning restaurant. I had the best curry I've ever had in this restaurant. They have live entertainment (Indian singers and dancers) and the atmosphere is brilliant.The immediate vicinity (Bur Dubai) is obviously one of the older areas of Dubai but it's close to the Creek and the souks, and it's a five minute walk from the Burjuman centre - one of the most exclusive shopping malls in Dubai (Saks Fifth avenue, Prada, Hermes, Lois Vuitton, Tiffany etc etc)Would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jun 23 2006	5* to the Four Points Sheraton	We stayed in this Sheraton for 4 nights in March 2006. I was accompanying my husband on a business trip and I selected this hotel based on loyalty brand and location. Despite a pretty unassuming facade, the interior was much more inviting. Check-in was smooth and we were upgraded to a deluxe room, which was spacious, clean, but best of all, the bed and bedding was divine, in fact, a Heavenly Bed! Room service was prompt, the gym was small but effective and the trainer knowledgeable. This hotel is in a very good location on the right side of the Creek! Easy access to all the tourist sights and in particular, not too far from the Gold Souk and Goldland. We are returning to Dubai in November and will be staying at Four Points Sheraton again!	
Nov 10 2005	A bit run down....	The hotel is in a good location if you have business in Bur Dubai. The property is a bit dated and dreary. Wireless Internet is available in the rooms for a fee of 80 Dhs. per day. The rooms are small.	
Jul 27 2009 	Camera comoda pulita ... receptionist???		
Feb 3 2009 	Great hotel		
Apr 29 2008 	Molti pro ma anche alcuni contro		
Oct 4 2007	Pourrait faire mieux		
