Sep 30 2009 	Good Budget Hotel	The Hotel was clean and service was excellent. Hotel located in Bur Dubai and is 2 kms from the Indian Shopping location called Mena Bazaar, which was perfect for my mom and i as we were there to do wedding shopping. The staff are excellent and very helpful. The travel agent in the hotel was very helpful as well. The brekfasts are great, good variety of meals. To get to the new dubai you have to take taxi's which generally try their luck. Hotel is very safe, the area around the hotel looks a bit dodgy but is unbelievably safe. My mom and i would walk back to the hotel at 1am and not a soul with bother us. The area comes alive from 5 pm until about 4 am as its too hot during the day. Good budget hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Not So Appealing Hotel	This hotel has restaurant but during my time of accommodation, morning breakfast was offered in a Banquet Hall in spite of the fact that I was not travelling in any group. Banquet Hall is so small that it get occupied so fast and we've to wait for a long. Secondly, hotel room that was allotted to me, didn't have any safe lockers which is necessary for all travellers.	
Jul 7 2009 	Don't stay here.	We searched the internet for hotels in Dubai finding this one based on price, location and amenities as described on the website, &quot;Hotels-n-Europe.com&quot;. We traveled 18 hours by air with a taxi to the hotel, only to find they didn't have a room for us and could not find our reservation. We presented our copy of the confirmation and it was a complete surprise to them. All they were willing to give us was a smoking twin. We left immediately and went to the Hyatt.	
May 10 2009 	Nice hotel - Uninteresting Location	The Highland Hotel was a refuge from the long distance travel and heat of Dubai (but then again anywhere with air-con would have been good).We were flying from France to Australia and decided to break the trip up by stopping over night in Dubai. We arranged a shuttle from the airport to the hotel and we think in the long run this may be easier rather than fighting for a cab.The location of the hotel isn't all that interesting as you find yourself near the docks of Dubai and no real tourist attractions. Although everything can be reached by a taxi ride of around 15-20mins, heading out on foot means you will no doubt be breathing in a lot of the pollution that dubai has to offer.The hotel is modern and clean and the rooms are well dressed and modern. The bed was comfortable and the shower had good pressure.The breakfast of which we bought was expensive but seeing there didn't seem to be many other options in the area it was easier to stay in and pay the extra. It was buffet style with everything from Omlettes and Juices to Curry and Naan for breaky.One thing we didn't like was the fact that the hotel has a dico / live concert room in their basment. Normally this wouldn't worry us but the fact we were flying half way around the world and had to be awake at 6.30am made it a little annoying. When I phoned reception and asked them what time the music would finish she politetly told me that they would be finishing at 2am. Considering we were on the 4th floor and could still feel the bass I wonder if they realise how this effects the stay of their guests.All in all the hotel is nice but over priced for the location and the breakfast, still we were comfortable and managed to get some good sleep, eat well and had a good sleep (in the afternoon).	
May 8 2009 	Highland ups and downs	I arrived to this hotel with 10 other people (family/extended family) all aged 5-37. I didnt have much to do with the hotel staff and my mum paid for me to stay. She hated the hotel so much, she didnt like the staff which were mostly immigrants from India and the cleaners were mostly from the Philipines (they were lovely). The Hotel: The rooms are ok..theres a small fridge, a tv with some good channels, a really nice bathroom with towels/shampoos etc and the beds are comfortable. But on the down side their sea view isnt great, you can barely see the sea..unless you look through gaps of buildings in the distance. The hotel has a nightclub and a restaraunt which is also a sort of nightclub so there loud music in the night, I could hear them but it wasnt so bad that you couldnt sleep over it. The staff were a bit dodgy and yes you really do have to keep your luggage padlocked. The hotel has a really nice swimming pool on the roof and also a little jacuzzi which the kids really enjoyed. There was a life guard and he was a pervert. This may sound a little horrible but with most the staff being immigrants from India expect Indian style service not Dubai style service. The hotel has a small sauna which no one really used (Apart from my sister and cousin) and also a gym that no one used but it looked nice. They also have high speed internet connection in a computer room which doesnt cost a great deal of money to use.No one really used the swimming pool and there wasnt many tourists at the hotel, just what seemed like immigrants from mostly India.The Location: Taxis are very easy to catch and you can take them to nearby restaurants, some of which are fantastic. This hotel is in a very immigrant area, its run down looking and not the cleanest. In the evening the outside of the hotel is packed out with Pakistanis who will perve on you and believe me, nothing will stop them. This really got me angry, there was just no respect for women from these people. The only reason im mentioning where the immigrants were from is so you can have a better understanding and idea of how it was, especially if youve been to Pakistan (which I have) and India (which I might). On the plus side the taxi ride to the beach (a gorgeous beach) isnt very far and neither is Dubai zoo which when I went, had lion cubs. Overall the location was more like India than Dubai but youre just a taxi ride away from the real Dubai. I wouldnt recommend lone female travelers but a bunch of guys on a budget would probably love it. Oh and they did do breakfast: the chef made really nice omlettes and breakfasts were over-all nice but make sure you get there early or you wont have anywhere to sit.For lunch, you can take a taxi to mcdonalds or Pizza hut (the pizza hut staff were lovely) which arent too far away. I recommend Pizza hut especially if youre travelling with children, its a good atmosphere.	
May 1 2009 	great location	the best part about the hotel is the location	
Mar 21 2009 	awful - loud thumping music and dubious nighttime activity	Stayed this week for a stopover between India and the UK- arrived at 0100 to be greeted by loud thumping music from the nightclub on the ground floor which was still shaking the walls of the bedroom and bed on the 6th floor at 0300. There were clearly transactions taking place in the lobby with rooms being hired out for very short time periods and I have never felt more uncomfortable when on checking out later, females were being paid openly in the lobby for clearly services delivered in the night- horrid experience.	
Mar 5 2009 	overpriced hotel with none facilties available as they say	Hotel could not find my reservation when i got there, my Partner was already in the room but they could not locate any info! Rooms quite small, no slippers or bathrobes available as they say, around 15 min walk from Meena Bazaar.Hotel has three clubs/ bar/ pub there is a fee to go in the club, alcohol far too expensive, music far too loud when you want to sleep.Breakfast is very limited, no variety!Swimming pool was under maintenence, we were not told.Your better off to pay the extra £50 for something decent and more local, friendly!	
Feb 8 2009 	Acceptable	After reading reviews we asked for a room far away from the loud noise from the night club. When arriving 4 am we got the room 304, practically above the club. Got a new room the next day, on the 6th floor, still loud noise and had to visit the pharmacy for earplugs. They are not very nice as you are not used to sleep with plugs.The hotel belongs to an Indian hotel chain and thus the breakfast is targeted for indian guests but acceptable.The beds are targeted for indian guests and thus skandinavian guests are just too big for them. We asked, when booking, for a twin bed room but did not get that.You can have beer , 30AED for a draught, and wine, 40AED for a glass of house chardonnay, in the hotel but unfortunately that includes high volume indian music.The hotel has a central position, 200m to a large Carrifour supermarket, 200m to the creek, 200m to the busstation, taxis easily available outside the hotel, 300m to affordable excellent food in the Ascot hotel just down the street. Also a pub in the Ascot hotel if you are ready to inhale the smoke (terrible). By taxi to the tower area, 30AED, and 50AED to the Madinah area.	
Nov 25 2008	From the Highland's to the Highland	Stayed here for 2 nights, found the staff pleasant and courteous. The room was very good, clean and tidy, as you would expect. The hotel location in Bur Dubai was ok, handy for the bus station (cheaper to get around, only 2 Dirhams one way approx 32p to get to Jumeira Beach &amp; the Burj Al Arab hotel). The location is handy as there are a few hotel bars in the area. I would not recommend it for families with kids as apart from the hotel pool on the 15th floor not a lot of beach for them to play on.This hotel, I would recommend as a good choice for a few days stopover or a long weekend.	
Aug 6 2008 	Highland Highlight!	We stayed at the Highland for 4 nights in June and loved every moment of it. It is located in Bur Dubai on the fringe of the old (spice and gold souks) and new (wild wadi etc) dubai! Excellent value for anyone travelling on a budget!Pros:- Nice budget central hotel, good location between old dubai and new dubai- Good clean spacious room with massive bathroom and awesome airconditioning!- Reasonable price, reasonable quality, speedy delivery room service- Nice quiet rooftop pool and spa for relaxing after a busy day of shopping and exploring!- BIG HOT buffet breakfast- Rock Pub &quot;Rock City&quot; located on the mezzanine level of the hotel with a fillipino rock band covering heaps of classic rock tunes from black sabbath, zeppelin, deep purple, metallica etc. Made going out and getting plastered extremely easy as we didnt have to go very far at all!- Friendly Housekeeping staff, especially Gorman on level 6!Cons:- Bit hard to get taxi from directly in front of hotel as it is on a corner where traffic rounds very fast giving potential taxis no time to stop to fetch you. Need to walk about 100m away from the corner to have any chance of getting a taxi!- &quot;Complimentary&quot; tea and coffee in room is NOT free!!- Beer prices in rock club pretty outrageous (having said that though, all alcohol in dubai is extremely expensive and this was one of the cheaper bars we visited)- Semi friendly reception staff- Hotel more oriented towards Indian / Arab holiday makers than western tourists	
Aug 2 2008 	Terrible hotel	Booking through expedia was a complete nightmare with them leaving off return transfers! Resulted in having to make numerous costly calls to resolve this - very stressful considering is was only a 3 night trip!! We were a party of 2 yet the filipino receptionist was adamant we had booked 2 rooms for 4 people even after showing our booking papers kept us waiting in reception for more than half an hour on arrival! Then we were locked out our rooms and asked to move right away when they realised (2 days later!!!) that they had made a mistake.We were exhausted after returning to the hotel at 11pm after a whole day of business meetings and refused to be moved that night and had to move on the last day instead which really messed up our plans! I have never stayed in a place with such incompetent reception staff.The disco was beyond sleezy as is the most of bur dubai. It was more like a strip joint with all male audience watching half naked women lined up and dancing for them - disgusting!!!Avoid the place at all costs !!!	
May 9 2008	Nice rooms	I recommed the Highland. I would say the good points outweight the bad ones. Lets start with the good things. The rooms are very nice, good design; big and clean. The bathroom is also clean. The location is safe and its not far from the creek. And the price; at 150 US Dollars per night for a double; you won't find something of this quality in Bur Dubai for less. AS for the bad things. Despite the good location; it isn't that easy to catch a taxi. Inside the hotel; the reception isn't very inviting; and the check-in is slow. In the rooms, be careful; u get charged for using the tea and coffee sachets. AND most importantly; demand a room on a high floor. The hotel has a nightclub, we stayed on the third floor; but could still hear some faint thumping	
Apr 27 2008 	Never Go Back !!!	I visited Dubai with family in the month of March 2008 and stayed at Hotel Highland.They gave us four rooms on different floor regardless of my request a week before in advance. I read reviews and asked in advance for a room higher up and I was given a room on the third floor which was still very noisy.The staffs (especially at reception desk) were very rude.I requested extra bed and they gave us one of most disgusting and greasy bed I have ever seen. I would rather sleep on the floor then on that bed. The breakfast was the worst we have ever had.Highland Hotel is not deserved even one star.Please search more and choose other hotel.	
Mar 28 2008 	Highly Recommended	Hi, I visited Dubai with family in the month of Feb 2008 and stayed at Hotel Highland. Given below is the portion from my travel blog which relates to this hotel. &quot;.....When we reached hotel, we were welcomed by friendly staff there. After some waiting (our check in was at noon), we were allocated room some three hours before our normal check in time. Hotel seems to be a good one from outside though the reception and lobby area is undergoing renovation works. But that is not much of inconvenience as such. We were given room on 4th floor. When we reached our room, we found it very neat and clean. A very nice accommodation by 3 star standards. Toilets were clean, equipped with tub, 24 hour running hot and cold water. Rooms are with TV having satellite connections. There was a hotspot internet facility in the hotel but I found the rates very expensive (10 AED for an hour and 40 AED for the day). I didn’t opted for it. Making international calls from hotel too was very expensive. Soon I found an alternative from it in form of calling cards which you can buy from any shops which can be found just next to hotel. There cards can be used in any of the commonly found pay phone booths on the streets. As we had a long flight and my kid was tired, we decided and then to explore the next option.....&quot;In nutshell, highly recommended for stay in Dubai. This is a good hotel for family, very centrally located and nicley priced. Hope this will be of help for others.	
Feb 29 2008 	Would go back	I stayed at the Highland with my mum and aunt and had a good stay. It is true that there is a night club on the ground floor fit for pervy indian men but as long as you stay away and request a room on either the 5th or 6th floor you will be fine. The room was lovely and clean and the location I felt was perfect.For those who want to be near the Meena Bazar should stay here as its only a 5 min walk up the road. My friend was staying at the Palm Beach Hotel which was a minute up the road from the Highland and she prefered my hotel- to the point where she was going to switch hotels.The manager at the Hotel was lovely and very helpful, breakfast was good although they charge you if you want an Omlet-which I thought was silly-not trying to be tight!The had a swimming pool which was quiet most of the time and a gym. The food at the Coral restaurant was lovely- didnt manage to visit the other restaurants in the hotel.My friend and I went to the Rock City club in the Hotel and had a fab time, they had a live band and also played arabic/R&amp;B music. They have pool tables there too and no pervy indian men were to be found there!!!!If I ever go back to Dubai I would stay there again!!!	
Feb 28 2008 	Cheap Cheerful and Clean	Booked through hotels.com, breakfast was included although I didn't make it down in time on any of my 4 days...Blame that on the nightclub &quot;Rock City&quot; downstairs and of course the girls...The nightly live music was classic rock and was headbangingly good. I would concur that this is an excellent place for singles, I had a riot ;o) However be aware as a single person booking, you cannot have 2 people staying in your room so a small charge is made if you want to increase the number of occupants in your room, even if only temporarily ;o)Food was middling in the &quot;family&quot; Indian restaurant downstairs, but the dancing girls and live music made up for it, despite it being played so loud the waiter could not make out what I wanted and brought something totally not what I ordered...It was still ok though. Nice roof top Jacuzzi and small pool too. I took a junior suite and it was nice and big with a smart new bathroom and a flat screen TV too. All in all, a very nice stay, the staff were excellent to. I would recommend here if you want a lively place that is way better value than the big chain hotels. Despite it being not ideally located, taxis are everywhere and cost next to nothing. Good Chinese restaurant and an Irish pub just down the road within easy walking distance, but prob better off grabbing a cab and heading to the Marina which is about 20mins and £5.00 in a taxi. Best bars I found there were The Barasti and Bhudda, both in hotels and Bhudda is where the money and the famous go. Dubai Desert Creek Golf Club does a cracking full English breakfast too by the way !	
Feb 16 2008	great hotel to stay in dubai highley recemmended	i have stayed in this hotel since 2004 and just love the service that is proveded the friendly staff room service is there when you need it 24/7	
Feb 4 2008	Respected place.	We stayed at 5th floor any lower and its loud music till 3am from night club down stairs!Good service clean place. Just ask for 4th floor on wards!	
Dec 31 2007 	Comfortable and Pleasent Stay	I stayed here on the 8th dec 2007 until 11th dec 2007.I was a single female traveller abit worried about staying alone, if though i heard Dubai was safe.It was fantastic, I checked in without any problems, porter brought my suitcases up for me, even ripped off all the security tags for me :PThe manager Mahesh Kumar was lovely, He showed me how the AC and all the amenities worked in the rrom.In the hotel lobby is an Excursion company called Suncity Tours, who have amazing excursions going on for a reasonable price. They are also very helpful and polite. I didn't really wake up to have breakfast while I was there, but one morning I did and it was a buffet style breaky with a large variety of dishes, warm and cold.In the room is a food menu from the Restaurant downstairs, they have a good variety of dinners and lunches, Very cheap too, ( try the chilli Chicken)The hotel DOES have 3 clubs however I was on the 3rd floor, but by the time I came in from a hard day travelling out in the sun, I was too tired to acknowledge the club and the noise and use to fall straight to sleep, I actually found it difficult to get myself out in the morning.Very close by to Deira, gold souk, spice market, mina bazzar, carefour, boat creeks. Jumerih beach is about 10-15mins away in taxi not expensive at all.Airport was about 20mins away, However the Hotel does provide a shuttle service, If getting a taxi it's around £5.00.The hotel provides facilities for safety box in the back office of the reception.Overall realli good hotel, Dont get put off about the noise not really a big deal, by the time you get back at night your too tired to realise whats going on.Will be staying here in march 2008If anyone wants to ask any questions you can email me.redrina_16@yahoo.com	
Nov 16 2007 	Good stay	We had something like 16 hours to spend on transit, so we booked this hotel expecting an early check-in availability with its '24 hour' reception facility advertised.For some reason, we could not find direct contact detail of the hotel (no ph, nor email) as we booked through a 3rd party website, so we had to look around to find a way to arrange the hotel pick up service upon arrival. This took quite some time wondering around, and just as we gave up to get a taxi, I found the hotel driver picking up another guest. He was kind and arranged a car to come and collect us. We waited for about 20 minutes.We checked in around 9am no problem, except the breakfast that was supposed to be inclusive, wasn't and we felt disappointed of the miscommunication of the travel website. None the less, the service was OK, we got a room on the 7th floor (so not much noise from the night club on the ground floor nor the roads outside). The lunch buffet was a great value.I was hoping that there would be shops nearby, but not much to browse in the immediate area. We did not find any decent place to eat around the hotel. I was told the gold souk was NOT a walking distance and it indeed was a long way through a tunnel by taxi. Airport transfer service was good, although we had to leave earlier for our departure due to the hotel transport available only on the hour.It was a good day- time stay there for us, no problems in service, no frills simple hotel.	
Oct 23 2007 	Super budget hote however...	I stayed at the Highland first week after Ramadan with my mum, gran and little sister! Upon arrival, our transfer guy was there on time to collect us (Shuttle bus), he carried our bags and was very polite and helpful. The hotel ride was about 15-20mins.On arrival at the hotel, our rooms were ready but not conjoining as we requested, we were told that a room next to mine would be availbale after two nights and they would move my mum n sister next to us but that didn't happen. We were given complimentary bottles of water and 'not complimentary' snacks, which we realised only when we checked out and received our bill...which taught us a lesson!First impression of the room was avergae (damp smell in bedroom which wore away but bathroom smell remained throughout our 6night stay), comfortable and clean but not completely accomodating. There was no clock or ironing facilities. Bathroom was average size, no complaints!The staff were very polite and hospitable- always ready to help- again no complaints! Breakfast is good- mostly the same verday though!Perfect location, easy to get taxis around! Fab juice shop next to the bus stop outside the hotel- I was hooked! A piece of advice for anyone tourists visiting Dubai- DON'T use the hotel to book excursions. They charge so much more, its a complete rip off! Always book them yourself in advance or while you are in Dubai- there are looooooads of tourism companies. Near the reception area- there is an Indian 'family' restaurant... uhhh I don't think so! I went with my family n we walked back out. 95% in there were men, old pervy types n the live entertainment was perfect for them....I'll leave you to judge!I requested the top level floor in the hotel by reading previous reviews about noise and believe me, I am happy I did! There is a club on the first floor and the noise can still be heard on the 7th floor- just not as bad. I wouldn't advise this hotel as being a family hotel at all- in the evening lots of men arrive at the hotel, looking for entertainment- at the same time, lots of 'lovely' females stroll in....again I leave you to be the judge!The rooftop pool is wonderful, small but nice. Sauna is okay- not bad!Overall, you get what you pay for from this hotel- nothing more and nothing less! Not a family hotel! More for couples and adults! Not child friendly!If you would like to ask me more question- email me at mello786@hotmail.comMehreen	
Sep 26 2007 	Far better that it's two stars suggest!	We stayed here for 3 weeks during Ramadan and found it to be a wonderful hotel! The staff were friendly and helped us find all the best excursions and gave helpful advice on how best to get the most out of our stay in Dubai. Compared to Hotels in the UK with a similar star rating, this place was a palace! It's not luxurious, but it's clean and in a great location! Very easy to get a cab from outside the hotel (and in a city where cabs are a must, that was excellent!) I'm going back to Dubai next year and fully intend to stay there again! I would recommend it to anyone on a budget and staying in Dubai for a while!	
Sep 9 2007 	Loved the food	it is a great hotel and you must visit this hotel whenever you go to dubai .great food and great restarants.....very nice location specially the airport service is great.....................	
Aug 12 2007 	Nice hotel but not as a 'family' hotel	Stayed at this hotel with my wife &amp; kids, despite booking almost a month in advance, they didn't have the executive suite ready on arrival and we had to settle for alternative rooms (this seemed a common problem as I overheard other guests complaining about the same issue). The rooms are clean and spacious and bathroom also very clean (we stayed on the 3rd floor). The reception area was average in size by Dubai standards. It was largely male dominated as the entrance to the 'dawat' club is through the recepion area and was frequented by men only. This was a bit of a nuisance if you have kids with you. The noise from this club could be heard on the 3rd floor till late night though it was only a muffled noise, not too bad. The breakfast was good with a quite a variety to choose from, the restaurant, I thought was expensive hence not very busy. Swimming pool and gym on the top floor/roof top was satisfactory. Access to the beach (Jumeira) and other shopping areas was reasonably easy via taxis though depending on the time some cab drivers refused to take us because of excessive traffic. Overall not a bad hotel but I wouldn't recommend it for a family stay.	
Apr 10 2007 	Great place to see the real Dubai	If you want to see the City of Dubai this Hotel is in the best location. You can walk to all the souks and get a real feel for the city. See the areas that the normal tourists dont see. We found people very helpfull and loved every minute. The Hotel was good, room nice size ( make sure you are above 4th floor as it can be noisy disco below dont advise you go) and breakfast a good selection to chose from. The front desk very helpfull but watch out for organized trips as they can be more expensive. Easy to get taxi if you want to go to the beach or the big shopping malls. Enjoy Dubai before it gets to big.	
Feb 19 2007	Lots of pretty girls	Went to stay in the highland on a last minute business meeting, was impressed with the setup. Breakfast was a buffet, excellent news if you like a feast. Although situated in old dubai the area is pleasant with cabs available. The travel desk was very helpful and became a good friend. The club/bar in the hotel called dawat was very nice, lots of pretty girls dancing for your pleasure, if you like that sort of stuff this is the place for you.	
Feb 14 2007 	Nice place!	I have just come back from 5 nights at the Highland Hotel. For the price we paid this hotel was excellent! The breakfast was lovely, buffet style with loads of choices and fresh fruit. The rooms were more than adequate for sleeping and showering in. I would not recommend EITHER of the two bars! One called Daawat is full of men getting cheap thrills from young girls dancing (ok if you like that kind of thing) and the other one called Rock City is empty and extortionate! We paid £16 for two vodka and lemonades! If you looking for a good night out walk two minutes down the road to the Palm Beach Club...great place!The hotel is in a good location, walkable distance to Meena Bazaar (great for cheap electricals) and short cab rides to Jumeirah Beach, Main Town Centre and all Shopping Mall. Cabs are easy to get from outside the hotel. Staff are brilliant. Only one thing, the Highland is located in &quot;Old Dubai&quot; so the local men STARE at any women (Although they are harmless!). There are not many women in the area. If this will freak you out, then it would be better to stay nearer Jumeirah beach where there are more tourists. Overall a safe place with a great taste of the real Dubai. Would stay there again.	
Nov 6 2006 	You can do better...	I was booked into the Highland through Emirates. I'm surprised they would have their name associated with this hotel. I read reviews and asked a week in advance for a room higher up and I was given a room on the third floor which was still very noisy, even my earplugs didn't drown out the noise. I found a few cockroches found in my bathroom too. The area wasn't the greatest my friends that live in Dubai were surprised I was staying in that area as it is known for brothels. Anyway I would book at pearl residences next time which was my original choice and it was a few $ cheaper.	
Oct 30 2006 	Good location 3star hotel	My partner and myself stayed here the last week in October and had a wonderful week. The hotel is in a good location and its 3stars are well deserved. We stayed up on the 6th floor so the noise from the nightclub was not really a problem for us. We went to the nightclub on our first night after arriving and it was our last time going there, it was a little seedy &amp;I'd imagine if I wasn’t with my partner he would have gotten plenty of offers from all the Asian girls in there!The towels and the bed linen were changed every single day, which was great. The room was a good size with a massive king size bed. The usual TV fridge etc was also in the room; we had no problem getting an iron&amp;ironing board from housekeeping when we needed them either.We also had the paper brought to us in our room a few mornings with breakfast. After the first morning we realised that it cost the same to have room service bring up your breakfast as it did to have it in the Coral Restaurant downstairs. So we opted to have it in our room most days.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff who were extremely polite &amp;helpful especially the nighttime manager. Maybe they could actually teach a thing or two to workers in western hotels!!In relation to the phone in the hotel you can buy call cards in the shop up the road for 20 or 40 dirhams and use them on the hotel phone so all that you are charged is a few cent connection fee, I think it works out at about 20cent which is great! The staff at reception will explain how to use them but they are very easy&amp;a great idea.The pool is quite small but ideal if u want to relax after a days sightseeing after all you hardly go to Dubai to sit at the pool all day!!Taxis can be hailed outside the hotel no problem and are very cheap to get around in. You really have no other choice but to use them. Jumeriah beach is about 15minutes away in taxi&amp;costs on average 20dirhams(about€5). You can pay 5dirhams to get into the public Beach Park and is well worth it as it’s immaculately kept.So overall I would have no problem going back to this hotel or recommending it to family or friends as its a great 3star hotel. If your looking for 7star quality you’re better off staying at the Burj Al Arab but if your looking for a reasonably priced hotel in good location this is perfect!	
Oct 2 2006 	Excellent choice	Having just spent a week at the Highland Hotel, this was a more than adequate budget hotel. It deserves much more than the 2* rating it has been given. The rooms were very clean and towels were changed daily. The staff couldn't do enough for you.Admittedly it was the beginning of Ramadan so I'm not able to comment on the restaurants and nightclub in the hotel.There was always a variety of food for breakfast, ranging from freshly cooked to order omelettes to curry!!!!!There are plenty of shops nearby and the gold souk is walking distance. Only thing I would warn people of is using the hotel telephones for a 6 minute phone call to England cost me £11!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 30 2006	HIgh Five For The Highland	This is more than an adequate budget hotel. If you want 5 star facilities then you are better off staying at the Burj Arab. The service was very good and the staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. The staff did not expect tips but I was forever tipping them as I know what a rubbish wage they are on and plus they are just grateful for a job. It was a clean and polished place.There was a bit of rush at breakfast for a table but we always obtained one. True the din from the nightclubs situated within the hotel might keep you awake but just keep the earplugs in (alternatively take a strong sedative). Don't use the hotel phone to call home (just like in any other hotel) buy a phone card as the Highland's phone rates are a little too high. The Ga nightclub within the hotel is definately worth a visit (or maybe even a couple).The distance to the Jumeriah Beach Park is about 20 mins in a taxi ride - should cost you about 18 dirams (peanuts) and you can easily hail cabs outside the hotel just like anywhere in Dubai.If you don't want to eat at the Highland then don't be afraid to check out the local restaurants (delicious food and top quality for hardly any money) Finally I have to mention there is a small parade of shops just next to the Highland who do the most amazing fruit juices I have tasteted - I certainly got all my five fruit portions in everyday from there.	
Feb 13 2006	A good deal	We stayed at this hotel for two nights from February 3,2006 to February 5, 2006. Overall, it is worth the money you give as you can find some really good rates for this hotel which includes free return airport transfers. The Hotel is in Bur Dubai district and you can easily go anywhere by a taxi (in Dubai, you have no other choice than a taxi). The staff and the everyone working at the Hotel were helpful and tried to respond to our needs when asked for. We could even get an early check in (at 8.00 AM) probably as we were travelling by Emirates.Recommended.	
Jan 30 2006	Value for money!	We had a great experience at the Highland. The service was excellent, our suite was quite large, we had a lovely view and the hotel was convenient. We were minutes walk fom the gold souks and the beach was only minutes on the taxi.The only average thing about the hotel was that there wasn't much variety with the breakfast- usual croissants, jam, tea or cereal or fruit. The breakfast room was quite small, so it was a dash for tables. There is a pool on the roof top, again not that big but it was quiet when we were there so quite peaceful.Overall, I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 21 2006	Quite Good	This was not a bad hotel at all, rooms nice, well appointed and clean and a nice quiet pool and jacuzzi on the roof in the sun. The reception were quite helpful and friendly too.The breakfast was a bit of a disappointment with the room crowded and chaotic and some rather unconventional choices of food. The aircon in rooms was a bit noisy and could have done with servicing.You want to stay on a higher floor though because that night club can throw out some noise.We would definately return, especially given the good rates that are available. This isnt the Burj, but you are not paying for the burj - thats about as fair as I can be really.	
Oct 1 2005	Don't bother this the Hyland	Be warned. If you are planning a stop over in Dubai and you want to get some sleep, then don't stay at the Hyland.The walls and floors are paper thin and you can hear the pulsing nightclubs from the lower floors.Plus when we stayed there. We arrived at 3am and all we wanted to do was grab a shower and go to sleep.First problem. No towels. When we rang housekeeping we were told there were no towels until 7am...Second problem. The people next door were having a very loud conversation and it was like they were in the same room. We heard their room service arrive at 4am, even heard the scraping of the knives on their plates. On the positive side, once we complained to reception they did ring the noisy room and ask them to quiet down. They did a little bit, but we could still hear them.We spoke to some other guests who had to demand to be moved from teh 2nd floor as they were directly above the nightclub and said it was very very loud and the floor was vibrating!	
Aug 29 2005	highland is the best	just got back from 2 weeks in the highland hotel in bur dubai, and it was brilliant!! we we,r picked up from the airport at 10pm by the hotel coach and taken to the hotel it took about 15 minits to get there then we checked in and shown our room as i went with myself and 2 daughters they gave uyp a large suite with a queen size bed and a fold up camp bed!! i hacked the camp bed for 2 nights and then politley asked if they had another bed and it was no problemto change it to a proper divan bed, (they only use fold up beds if your only staying a short while they didnt realise we we,r there for 2 weeks)the room was immaculate it was on the 4th floor away from the disco in the lobby, no noise what so ever, we had a bath and shower as well and we had a fridge and a television which had a movie channel in english saw some great films there was water waithing for us which we needed, every morning there was newspapers delivered to us free, as we stayed bed and breakfast we went down to breakfast it was presented lovely all layed out buffet style with tea coffee orange and apple juices, and trays of peeled fruit watermelon and kiwis as well,the staff could not do enough for you and no they wernt doing it for the tips which we gave, they did it to make us a comfy as possible we had use of an iron and ironing board the rooms we,r cleaned every other daythere was not 1 complaint about this hotel there was a money xchange but the hotel rate was bad so we used 1 just down from the hotel the hotel is rearly well situated not far from anything rearlly jumeira just up the road gold souk just the other way the creek within walking distance, as is burjaman mall this hotel is portrayed as a 2* but i would give it 3 plus******	
Jul 27 2005 	very noisy	if you like night clubs &amp; noise stay at this hotel. we had 25 hours at the hotel and found the staff very rude the noise unbearable .The breakfast was . the worst we have ever had . we stayed at another hotel in dubai 14 days previus with the same star rating that was far superior . on check out it took nearly 45 minutes to check out and get our passports back. we were picked up and droped of by arrabia travel who were fantastic.	
Jun 21 2005	Nice Hotel rude staff!	We stayed at this hotel from 12th June to 15th June. The hotel itself had excellent location and the daily breakfast was wonderful but our only problem was with the room service staff. Whenever we asked for some hot water or ordered some food to our room, the person who delivered used to glare at us before leaving. Such people should not be working in the hotel line.	
Feb 24 2005	Nice little hotel to stay	I stayed at the hotel in Jan 2005. Value for money for a 3 star hotel. Located in the 'computer &amp; accessories' business area of Bur Dubai. Within 5 mins [by car/bus - bus stop situated in front of hotel - Good bus service as well] of Nasser Square where shops selling electronic &amp; hifi equipments are concentrated. The Hotel service is satisfactory but should book higher level rooms to avoid the noises of the night clubs situated on the 1/F of the hotel. The surrounding area of the hotel is quite safe, even at night !	
Feb 11 2005	Staying at the Highland Hotel - Bur Dubai	We stayed at the Highland Hotel in Jan 2005 and were happy with the location, within walking distance of Bur Juman Centre, the creek and close to the port. There is also a supermarket quite close by. Comfortable for a 3 star hotel, although the lower floors get lots of noise from the discos on the first floor, if staying request a high level.  If you are looking for a 3 star hotel would definately recommend this one. 	
