Mar 25 2009 	Just perfect	We were fortunate to have been upgraded to the villas from a 2 bedroom suite at the hotel and it was just wonderful.I cannot fault the hotel in anyway and the staff were just delightful in every way. My partner and i travelled with our 2 youngest children whilst we spoke business they were catered for in ever way imaginable by both sinbads kids club and the private butler who goes with the villa.We had one disspointing meal in the beachcomber restraunt on the first night which was more to do with value for money rather than quality or taste, however we had 9 perfect meals after that!It was certainly a tearful departure when we left and we cannot wait to return	
Mar 7 2009 	Our favourite place in Dubai	We had a fabulour time here. The privacy is the best, relaxing in your garden with a plunge pool, brought sandwiches at 4.00, drinks at the beautiful bar/pool at 7.00. The two bedroom villa we had was very spacious and I love the Arabian decor, staff all very attentive and call you by name. A little name card is put up on the wall outside, all nice touches to make you feel welcome and at home. It is great being able to call the buggies especially for BAB guests. Bulgari toiletries in both bathrooms, internet area, lounge and long hall. The Burj is fab too but the being able to sit outside just gives it the edge. Cant wait to return, if you go here you will not be disappointed.	
Jul 21 2007 	Wow This Is Dubai At Its Best!	Four of us stayed for a week in March 2007 at the Beit Al Bahar Villas, what an experience simply incredible beautiful villas sumptiously furnished and waited on hand and foot, This is the place to be pampered. The only interruptions we had were the helicopters landing on the helipad at the Burj . If you want a wonderfully relaxing stay in Dubai book these villas, nothing to compare. Margaret Swansea Wales.	
Jul 10 2007 	Best location and accommodation of the Jumeirah Properties	We have just returned from a week stay at the beit al bahar villas. The accomodation, service, and faclities were excellent. We did however get upgraded from a 1bed villa to a 2bed villa due to construction in front of our patio. The difference was huge. The 2 bedroom villa has a far larger patio with 4 deckchairs and over looked the beach and the burj. The 1 bed villa was located on the first row with a view onto the nearby villas- pretty disappointing. So make sure if you stay here you request a villa in the 3rd row- those with views over the beach and the burj al arab.I have stayed at the mina and jumeirah beach hotel and these villas are the best we have stayed in. They have an arabic feel and with an extensive patio with loungers and a plunge pool- you couldnt get better accomodation.Each villa has a huge living room - L-shaped sofa and a separate table with 4chairs. You also get a latop with free internet access. The bathroom is amazing with the largest and deepest bath I have ever seen- takes around 30mins to fill up!You also have access to the private beach for execuvite/premium/madinat/burj guests. Also, there is a pool just for villa guests with a small outdoor bar/restaurant in the middle of the villa area. There is also a villa restaurant just for villa guests which we only went to for breakfast.The best thing is that you dont need to walk through a large hotel to get to the beach/pool- u just leave ur villa and u are there. It makes it a much more relaxing holiday.	
May 28 2007 	Absolute perfection!	The property is absolutely beautiful; we loved all the traditional Arabic accents and decorations as well as the comforting environment in the room. We were able to fully &amp; completely relax while at our villa and at the beach. We were so comfortable and relaxed we didn’t even worry about locking our doors while we were out or locking up our cameras while we swam in the ocean. Not having to worry about the little things, made a big difference to our trip. There are so many examples of the Beit Al Bahar and the Jumeriah Beach Hotel staff ensuring we didn’t have to worry or think about anything. The only time we really had to think, was when we tried to decide where to eat at the many fantastic Jumeriah International restaurants! The Beit Al Bahar staff was always so kind and helpful and they truly anticipated our needs, sometimes before we even knew what our needs were! One afternoon after a day on the beach, we were in our villa debating going to get a light snack as we didn’t have dinner reservations until 10pm. Literally, during this discussion, our doorbell rang and the villa staff brought us afternoon tea. This was completely unexpected and was appreciated for many reasons – anticipating our needs, a light snack and most importantly – a traditional experience. When we sadly left Dubai, the item which stood out from our trip the most was the people. Every single person we interacted with was extremely friendly, kind and helpful. We have never been surrounded by such hospitality and such wonderful people! We have stayed at other “The Leading Hotels of the World”, while they all live up to a higher standard; the Jumeriah Beach Hotel exceeds this standard.	
Mar 2 2007 	The Ultimate	The Beit Al Bahar villas are simply stunning. We have stayed here on 2 occassions, and both times have been completey overwhelmed by the sheer luxury and levels of service. My husband had a days sea fishing from the hotel - on his return a member of the villas staff was waiting in a golf buggy at the marina with cold face towels and freezing water ready to take him back to our villa. Our 7 year old daughter had a great time - again the staff whisked her off in a buggy to the kids club and picked her up when she was ready, also the wild and wadi water park is on your doorstep and you get priority entry at all times. I really can not think of one negative thing to say about this place - it is pure luxury!!Although terribly expensive, I would always hope we will be fortunate enought to go back again.	
May 23 2005	Best hotel in Dubai	Simply the best place to stay in Dubai….even better than the Burj Al Arab. Everything was perfect from the rose petals in our round sunken bath, to the magnificent view of the Burj Al Arab from our private pool. It’s truly a wonderful place to stay…….only the Spa Suite at the Banyan Tree Bangkok is better.	
Mar 17 2005	Ultimate Luxury	I stayed in the Beit Al Bahar villas (by accident!) with my wife in October 2004. We had a few days in Dubai on the way back from the Maldives, and booked to stay in the Jumeirah Beach hotel. Arrival in Dubai was effortless - we were met by our tour operator who took us to a private car which took us to the hotel - very quiet and relaxing. We got to the hotel at about 10.30pm and were informed that there were no suitable room for us (I'd previously requested one on a high floor) and so we were upgraded for the evening. We were told that the upgrade would be to a villa in their 'Beit Al Bahar' (house by the sea) complex, and that we should find it to be nice. (I've since found out the price of these villas, and I certainly couldn't justify spending that sort of money - only the very wealthy could do so).We were whisked from the hotel on a golf buggy, and along to the villa complex (imagine yourself in the hotel, looking out to the sea - the villas are a short distance to the left of the hotel). Our guide then took us to the front door of the villa (which had our name outside on a parchment wall sign) and used the card key for entry - what I thought was the front door was actually a gate to our private garden area, complete with sun loungers, table and chairs, and a plunge pool! From our garden we had a terrfic view of the Burj Al Arab (we were almost directly opposite). We then entered the actual front door to the villa, which was a 2 bedroom accommodation. At that point our very own butler arrived with ice cold hand towels (it's still very warm in the evening!) and two non-alcoholic fruit cocktails. Anything we wanted was a phone call away.The villa itself was beautiful. Just off of the main hallway was a huge living room area, complete with an L-shaped sofa that could have sat 10, a television, DVD player, stereo, desk, fax machine, table etc. etc. You name it - it was there. The master bedroom was very luxurious - a huge king sized bed piled high with arabic cushions and pillows, and above the bed was a high, arched 'arabic' style ceiling. The room had lots of cupboard space and a television. En suite bathroom from the master bedroom - massive; marble floors and sinktops, two large sinks, solid wooden trimmed mirrors, a huge shower, toilet, and an enormous round sunken bath.The second bedroom was just as nice, with two single beds, television, and an en suite bathroom with sink, bath, and separate shower.The villa complex has its own reception (very plush too) and in the morning we popped in and asked where we went to get breakfast. We were then met by our very own concierge (!) and taken to the Beach Villa Restaurant (right on the beach as you'll probably guess) where we were given a table on the outside deck, with a great view of the beach, sea, and Burj Al Arab hotel. The chef came to meet us and asked what we wanted, to which I asked for a menu - but he said there were no menus; we simply told him what we wanted, and he made it! Very strange, but we got exactly what we asked for!While waiting for breakfast, our concierge asked if we had plans for dinner that evening, and when I mentioned the restaurant we were thinking of (Carnevale, Italian in the hotel) he went away and arranged a reservation for us. Excellent, as I was previously told that the restaurants are always busy and we might have to book a good day in advance. A good perk, being a villa guest.The villa complex is guarded by security so that nobody can simply walk in. As well as the villas and villa reception, there is a communal pool for villa guests, complete with sun loungers, and a pool bar in the shade. Villla guests get their own section of the beach, which includes slight improvements on sun loungers etc. that the normal hotel guests get on the hotel's beach area.I could not fault any part of the villa complex and experience. The service was simply first class, the buildings were top quality, fixtures and fittings inside the villas made of the finest materials. Add to that the views, the beach etc. and all in all you have a beautiful, luxurious break.	
