Nov 14 2009 	Bad experience	A cold welcome at reception desk (at 6AM) where my passport was retained (why not a copy instead) ? A standard room with poor maintenance, but quiet place at early morning, and good rest anyway.Breakfast was another story. not enough seats for the guests, so that after I proceed to the small buffet, I found my seat occupied by a couple, and I had to walk around during 5 minutes with a plate in hand before I get a seat ! No coffee available (only hot yellowish water which may be tea). Not enough cutlery, not enough food ! Staff obviously tired by this out-of-control operation. I could manage to drink some &quot;tea&quot;, cottage cheese, and one slice of bread with marmalade, no more.When asking if, as an extra service, it was possible to make a print of my boarding pass, the reply at the reception desk was a blunt &quot;no printer&quot;.During this time, the duty manager, to show his concern, was reading newspapers in his office.One good point (the oly one) : the concierge who was helpful when storing my baggage into the storeroom, and later when calling a taxi for me to go to airport...	
Oct 7 2009 	Nothing Special	We stayed here because we got a good deal on a room. I called the previous day for an airport pickup and when we got there...no shuttle. I had to call the hotel and they told me I had no reservation even though the previous day I was confirmed with the room and the pick-up. They told me to take a cab. Then the night shift men were very rude to me at check-in. However they day shift made up for them. I wouldn't stay here again if given the choice.	
Oct 3 2009 	We opted for budget and thats what we got	Started badly when there was noone to pick us up at the airport, we paid for a cab and was reimbursed.. room was perfect, clean, bed very comfy, however the shower was broken, they fixed as soon as we complained. dinner in the restuarant was something else, the waitress swore blind that the brown drink she gave us was gin!!!! when we knew it was jack daniels. that was the bad points, pool, ok not great but clean, service was overall good. if you dont want all the frills, you want a bed for the night, in deira then thats what you get. In our opinion there are better hotels out there for the same price.	
Jul 14 2009 	Cheap and Best	stayed only for two days even though i feel very comfertable. nice break fast and rooftop swimming pool was really cool with bar aside. room really clean and neat. but the minibar inside room was emply even withouht a bottle of water. 15 dirhams per hour for usage internet was really too much while 3 dirhams perhour available outside hotel.	
Jun 24 2009 	Dirty rooms and no service	Don't even think of staying at this hotel unless you wish to pay a lot of money and expect no service. Firstly the hotel forgets to pick you up at the airport and pretends to know nothing of your booking although you have a confirmation email in your hands. Secondly: On my arrival at the hotel they had the booking wrong. Again the confirmation email stated the correct email. Over and above that, the room price was suddenly icreased by 400AED per night. Their excuse: New policy. Thirdly: The room was dirty with the previous patron's dinner, hair and body odour still in the bed linnen. When I asked to have the room cleaned the request was ignored until I demanded to speak to the manager. Fourthly: The rooms have no hot water. Yeah Yeah Dubai is hot but when you enter a 16 degree cold room (which cannot be adjusted because the central AC is broken) you half expect a hot bath or shower...and towels (again no towels in the room)Fithly: Don't expect the minibar in your room. Although you pay for it you never get to see it. Breakfast? Don't expect anything fresh but rather gag on leftovers from the previous day/evening.Sleep? The to discos close at 3am in the morning wherafter the party moves to the street...If you plan on sleeping in your room buy earplugs...a blanket and lots of sleeping tablets.	
Jun 1 2009 	excellent hotel for a 3* affordable would definatly stay there again!	When i first chose this hotel, i was quite surprised at the cheap rates and decided to read reviews - read more negativeness then positive reviews, was a little confused, but decided to give it the benefit of doubt and thought i can always move if its really that bad! I'm glad i decided to go to the hotel as it was fanatastic. The shuttle came to pick us up from the hotel. The hotel looked much nicer than it did in the photos. The only hickup i had was at the reception desk. Despite having reserved double bedrooms, we were told they had twin beds. i refused to take the rooms, as i had made a reservation, i was then given a delux room. really spacious with a king size bed at the same rate as the double bed rooms - i have two young children so the space was just fantastic! The hotel provides free shuttle rides to and fom the beaches and also free shuttle rides to the malls - they r a must see, esp the wadi mall and the emirates mall - The breakfast got a bit boring as it was the same choices daily. the only change was the way the prepared the eggs. However there r many great restaurents in walking distance, inc, mc'donalds, pizza hut, burger kind, subway..Having read the reviews i learnt about the club on the first floor and requested my room to be above the 4th floor. i was given a room on the 6th floor so sleeping was peaceful ;)Freindly staff and great value for money! Would definately go there again!!!	
Mar 29 2009 	Dont book with With Expedia	We requested Double/King bed, we received 2 twins. They refused to change rooms as thegive the worst hotel rooms &quot;run of the mill&quot; rooms for these cheap offers as fillers. The hotelhas a Disco Bar which starts at 11 PM after 19 hrs travel, I wanted to sleep but it felt as if I am in the middle of the booming speakers. Kept me awake until 3 PM when the bar closes.Every time, you speak with the hotel management, they refer you to your agency.Please unless you know the hotel, it is better to book directly and demand a good room, you are better off to avoid places such as Hotels.com, internethotelreservations.com and expedia.com as these are all expedia.com	
Mar 22 2009 	Pretty bad but not as bad as some reviews it has its good points	I read some bad reviews, but decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and just ask for a room on an upper level to avoid nightclub noise. Bad points:-No key to my room, concierge had to let me in everytime i needed to get in my room for 5 days and nights!-Reception staff rude-Pool bar expensive (AED30 for glass of wine, approx AUD15)-Had to keep asking for towels and toiletries to be replenished-Tried to charge for internet and dry cleaning that I had already paid for-Not really walking distance to main attractions and very badly sign posted-Not good for a woman on her own-Westerners not welcome in hotel bar/nightclub-No tea and coffee facilities-No Iron or ironing board (Must send away items and pay)-No gym (1 exercise bike)-Massage area expensive and looks dodgy-Hard to get taxi in this area-They keep your passport for length of stay (in an unsecured draw)Good Points:-Beach and Mall shuttle bus service good-Concierge friendly-Pool area is ok-Rooms reasonable and clean-If you get room on upper level, nightclub noise is not a problem-price is reasonable-Nice restaurants near by as well as convenience store very close-Free cable tv-restaurant staff friendly, good serviceAll in all, for the price it was ok. As with everything, it has good points and bad points. I think i would try somewhere else next time however.	
Mar 10 2009 	Stay away	Bad customer service. Receptionist fighting with all the customers blaming on the booking agency. Manager nowhere to be found. Algae/Fungi in shower. Better/cheaper hotel next door. Bar on 1st floor - loud music from 9.45pm to 3.30 am - will not be able to sleep, the hotel vibrates with the speaker base.	
Jan 13 2009 	Dirty 	If you can avoid it I would not stay here. Its OK for a quick 1 night stay if you are flying out early in the morning (as I was). They offer a free hourly shuttle bus to the airport for this pupose. I would be very disappointed if I was here for my 14 day holiday (I think my girlfriend would have actually cried if this were the case so fella's spend the extra £20 a night and get somewhere decent!).Location is OK, its in Deira the (the otherside of Dubai Creek) which is close to the airport, Gold Souk and Bur Dubai (which has some places to go out in). Also not too far from Sheikh Zayed Rd either (15 mins) but far out from Jumeirah and the Marina nightlife (maybe 30-45 mins with no traffic).Saying that the downturn in Dubai means that the traffic is not so bad anymore and for the first time ever there were taxis... everywhere, so perhaps location is not as important any longer! Taxi's are also very cheap here compared to UK and in Dubai (unlike Abu Dhabi) they will always use the meter.Rooms- dirty, toilet was not clean although someone had gone to the trouble of putting one of those 'steralised' strips across it which was a joke. Shower was luke warm and no power whatsoever. Shower curtain stank, and bathroom was musty and mouldy in places. The rest of the room was very basic but bearable.The nightclub is on floor 2 so stay high if you can as it will keep you awake if your a light sleeper.One last thing, do not go for a massage, I made this mistake and after 5 mins of what I would call rubbing rather than massaging I was offered &quot;extra's&quot; which was not what I was after!!!!!!! Overall, I would reccomend you stay somewhere else (perhaps try the IBIS at World Trade Center- same price when I booked for the first night of my stay and only 5 mins over the bridge so still okay for airport) but this was the cheapest room on lastminute the day I booked it... what do you expect!	
Dec 25 2008 	did not like it	They do not respect what they have posted in their website. Price at their website was 63 Euros per night but they charged me more than this price !!! I had booked my room directly by using the hotel website.Sauna is too small.No luggage room.Swimming pool water was too cold.Wireless internet is not included you have to pay almost 4 $ per hour to use wireless internet in your room.Restaurant too small sometimes no table available and you have to wait for 5 to 10 minutes I had a noisy neighbors and could not sleep.	
Dec 24 2008 	Buzzing hotel	A lively hotel situated in the centre of deirra, I stayed on the 3rd floor for 9 nights and most nights got in after the clubs at the hotel shut but if you are going for a quiet night at a hotel then this isnt the place, if however you are going to party and feel alive in a city then it fits the bill. Close to everywhere and taxis are easy to get, close to the airport and shopping its a great place for a city break.The buffet breakfast wasn’t great the same food everyday but it did a job and it’s a cheap hotel.The staff are great very helpful and friendly	
Dec 9 2008 	Decent place - get what you pay	I and my wife stayed at K-Porte Inn for 4 nights. They refused to organize a pick-up at the airport even though I called them 12 horus in advance, because they require 24 hours notice! On arrival, we didn't have to wait too long (5/6 minutes) to get our room, which was on the 6th floor, so we didn't have any noise issues that others have noted. Hotel is in a location that is close to a smaller mall that has some decent dining options - Pizza hut, Papa John's, a nice filipino place, a nice iranian place, etc. There are a number of other 3-star hotels in the same locality. It is also just a few minutes walk away from the &quot;Diera Bus Station&quot; water-bus stop, from where you can take a water-bus across the creek to Bur-Dubai for Dhs 4. The downsides of K-Porte Inn - rooms are small, and quite bare-bones - no coffee maker even; we had to ask for an extra towel every morning - even though we were 2, there would always only be 1 towel. Also, at about 9 / 9:30 PM each night, we would come across women (likely hookers) hanging around between the hotel and the mall - they never bothered us, but it was just unpleasent. The staff at K-Porte are courteous, but just don't have enough information on place to see, etc. The free shuttle service to malls / jumeirah beach is useful, as you can use that to then take a cab to other places. All in all, if we were willing to spend more money and go to a better place, we would, but otherwise, it wasn't too bad. I am still appauled by how expensive hotel rooms in Dubai are generally - way overpriced in my opinion.	
Dec 6 2008 	Fine if you dont want sleep!	Stayed at the K porte luckily for only 2 nights early Nov 08, we wanted to stop in Dubai as a stop on the way to other destinationsThe hotel itself is OK, a little dated but clean and rooms OK, the location is in the city close to a few little malls etc and close to the creek. A good Taxi from the beach area and the big malls but not a problem as taxi's are cheap enough, good walk to gold souks etc but very cheap in a taxiBiggest problem and why I would never go back is the very loud night club on the 1st floor, its so loud all night, we were on the 4th floor and thought it was a TV in the room above - after about 4 calls to reception for them to get somebody to turn it down, it was only after 4 calls and a room change that they actually told us it was a club - got moved at 2am and had to pack our case at that time, moved to 5th floor and that was better but I would not take the chanceMy advise is dont take the chance, go somewhere else	
Nov 29 2008 	Unwelcoming!	Hotel in a good location for the City Centre but difficult to walk to any of the attractions due to lack of signs &amp; difficulties in finding information as to the best places to go. When asking at the hotel we were just given a map. The hotel itself was 'past it's sell by date'! It's very dingy &amp; the facilities were nothing like those described in the information when booking. We had to ask for towels upon arrival &amp; the following days too. There were no tea &amp; coffee making facilities let alone a mini bar as advertised. The room was small &amp; dingy &amp; overlooked a residential apartment block. If you leaned over the balcony you could just about see the city. All the Mermaid pool bar had going for it was the pool &amp; the views! We found this hotel was geared up for locals &amp; being 2 females travelling found it quite intimidating as there were lots of local men coming into the hotel for the night club. Overall we would not recommend this hotel to anyone especially to women travellers.	
Nov 26 2008 	Enjoyed the Stay	The Location of the Hotel is in Downtown Dubai (the Deira District) ,you have plenty of shops ,malls and fastfoods around! the hote itself was verygood,staff were very friendly ... breakfast very good .. the incuded unch on my room wasn't that good very limited options ,had to pay for a can of coke only glass of water was included !! rooms were clean ... room service was there every day ... wifi is avaiabe but was out of service forst few days but you have to pay for the wifi wich was rather expensve you could enjy free internet at the dafe on other side of the road or pay a little in an internet cafe. night clubs are indian and arabic which i didn't really liked.the pool wasn't in service due to maintenance ! if you wanna stay here ask for a room at floors upper than 4 because of the noise from the clubs which is located at the first floor.but friendly staff,cean rooms and good room service with the money i paid ,i would definitly go there again !!	
Nov 25 2008 	expensive without quality	First impressions were that it was bad.Receptionist gave me smooking room. It was like a room for horses and farm animal and smell bad.Second room were nice, clean with very old towels andbed sheets. Breakfast was standart 3 star (cheese, cereals, eggs, pastries, oatmeal....)Inside is music bar. I think ,open till 1am. ...Very loud.Pool was closed.Location is without view :) it is inside Deira downtown, not too far from the airport. Very close is shopping street with a lot of fast foods like a cinnabon, pizza hut, mc donalds and burger king.They served ,,halal meal&quot; - moslim meal of course.What is positive hotel has daily transfer to the beach and daily transfer to the markets ,,souk&quot; or to the shopping malls.Mall of the Emirates (ski slope and 400 shops) is about 20km from the hotel. Taxi costs around 50 dirhams. It is 10 GBP one way. Next time, I will book a hotel on the beach or another 3 star hotel.	
Oct 23 2008 	Good location but...	Some good points with the K-porte Inn:Good location,easy to catch a taxi (just cross the street)Free shuttle to airport (call them to give your flight details)Helpfull conciergeFamily-friendlyNot in the red light district as other reviews mentionedBad points:Price will change according to exhibitionsReceptionist doesn't know how to smileRooms need aeration (dusty)Avoid the 3rd and 4th floors because of the night clubsWi-fi routers available but weak signalThis hotel is good if you want to explore Dubai,don't expect too much,for me I was looking for a place to sleep only.Here are some taxi costs for the main places starting from the hotel:Airport expo:20dhsBurjuman Centre:20dhsGold souk:15dhsEmirates mall:45dhsMadinat Jumeirah:45dhsIbn Batutta Mall:65dhs	
Oct 6 2008 	great base for dubai	had a really good staythe staff were helpfulthe transfer buses that were laid on free of charge were fantasticthe hotel is in a very good location with a mall and fast food restaurants just across the roadall in all a very good all round hotel. the rooms are a good size and room service can do no wrong,and fully air conditioned!!	
Sep 24 2008 	Disappointing for a 3 star hotel	We arrived in this hotel at 5.30am Dubai time, we were told that there was not a room ready for us and we would have to wait 2 hours in reception. . The lobby is very old fashioned and very dingy with dark wooden walls, it has one computer with internet access in the corner which is 10 dirhams for 30 mins, which is double to price you pay for the internet cafe about 30 seconds walk away. We were shown to our room, which was small but comfortable. Although it stated that we had a mini bar, this was infact, empty, no water. We also had one small towel to share. We ordered room service twice while we were there, the first time &quot;they forgot&quot; we had ordered and we had to wait over an hour for our food and the second time they &quot;forgot&quot; to bring the bread we had ordered. The pool area was a disgrace, it was old, dirty and run-down with views looking into a carpark. The men that work at the pool are fairly rude, as were the rest of the staff at this hotel. On the morning that we had to check out we had arranged for the free shuttle to pick us up from the hotel at 5.15am, we were woken up to an unauthorised wake up call 50 minutes before we needed to be downstairs, telling us to be down before 5am even though the bus does not leave until 5.15am, we told them we would be down as soon as we were ready. They then proceeded to call us another 2 times and we also received a knock at our door to hurry us up, this harassment to leave the room was unprofessional and we felt rushed to leave.	
Sep 11 2008 	I had a very pleasant stay!	Before going to Dubai, I visited a few websites with possible cheap hotels and what made me choose the K-Porte INN was this review page. At first I got scared with some of the things I read but I knew that it wouldn't ruin my stay, or I hoped so. I arrived early in the morning and my room was ready very quickly. The room wasn't so big but I didn't really need more space, to be honest. The bathroom was clean and I didn't really hear any noise. The staff was very helpful and polite, I had no problem at all. Breakfast wasn't so good because there weren't many tables so I had to sit in the lobby, but really, that's not a big deal, it happens. The hotel offers many things for their guests and the price is fair. The hotel is in the same neighborhood as the airport and nearby there are many places to eat such as Burger King, Pizza Hut, Subway and the like. Their is also a van available to take guests to the airport however you have to let them know before. Anyway, if you are planning on going with a low budget, this hotel is a great choice. Don't expect to pay cheap and stay in a 5 star hotel, even though the hotel is very decent. Its is also close to the city centre (shopping mall) with a variety of stores and places to eat. Anyway, It's a decent hotel and I'm sure you wont have a problem!!! PEACE	
Aug 12 2008 	great place	great palce to stay , staff were really friendly and locationm was good. if you are after something cheap in a good location but value for your money this is the place to stay . highly recommended	
Aug 11 2008 	Good and clean!	I stayed here a total of 6 nights, two stints of three nights each in July of 2008. Before taxes, I paid on average $63/night (all the hotels were slashing prices due to the off-season, but the price was about 3/4 of the Ibis' cost and 2/3 of the Novotel's for comparison.) The hotel was clean, beds were comfortable, all I ask for from a hotel. There are two nightclubs on the second floor, so I would advise booking/asking for an upper floor room. I slept in two different rooms on the third floor and depending on where I was on the floor the noise didn't bother me. Don't expect too much out of the concierge and don't bother having the hotel arrange a taxi, you'll pay double. There's a mall a block away with plenty of Western eateries.	
Jul 16 2008 	everything is acceptable	it is located in a good part of the city,near the Rigga St,(famous street because of its veriety of resturants and coffiee shops) ,from Hotel its just 3 minutes to Al ghurair mall by walking ,staffs are not that rude that i saw in some reviews but they could be better than this!,the breakfast and lunch was great,several types of meals were served each day for all kind of tastes.our room was very clean ,more than what we expecetd from a 3 star hotel,corridors were very quite &amp; clean ,i recoomed this hotel to the people who dont want to pay alot of money for accomodation ,and who like to be close to major public areas and malls and resturants.but 2 problems with this problem were these:1-the bottleneck garrage !it looks that they use the large part of it as a storage,if you plan to rent a car in dubai its better to ask the reception about the parking and be sure that they provide a empty parking for you2-the little lobby,the lobby is too little for a hotel,and if you need to stay in lobby ,theres no enough places for sitting	
Jun 18 2008 	Unprofesional staff at Front Desk	Certain staff at Front Desk/Reception need to be trained how to deal with guest politely and not show uncouth behavior. Nice hotel and good location.	
Jun 14 2008 	perfect for the location and money	this place is only a short trip away from any popular places,,,is perect for a few nights in the city area.Staff were very helpfull.....	
Mar 1 2008 	Pleasantly suprised	After reading some of the reviews for the K Porte Inn I was a bit dubious about my hotel destination but overall its a great place to stay. The reception staff are not overly friendly but don't worry because the concierge staff are lovely and its them that you deal with all the time after checking in i.e. taxi's, excursions, info etc. We arrived about 9am and was in our room by 10am so that was good. The buffet breakfast wasn't to our taste but there is lots to choose from and we were happy with croissants, toast and fruit with orange juice and tea/coffee but you may like it more than us as it is a personal taste choice. Our room wasn't huge but it was very clean and was seen to every day by our lovely little man cleaner. As you may have read there are 2 nightclubs in this hotel and we were on the 3rd floor and yes we could the music but it honestly didn't bother us. After reading other reviews I did take ear plugs but didn't use them once! As for location I can't really answer cos it seems that in Dubai you need to get to all the attractions by some mode of transport, we used cabs all the time as they are so cheap. We stopped waiting for cabs outside the hotel and would literally just walk round the corner to the side streets and we always got one. For a laugh you should visit the Indian nightclub on the 1st floor, its free to get in, you are made very welcome and there seems to be some kind of X Factor style dance competition amongst the very pretty indian girls there, it is loud though so one hour was enough for us but we're glad we tried it. The Arabian nightclub is 20dhms to get in so we didn't bother. Also go across the road to the Lotus Hotel for an evening or too and watch the belly dancing and the band, it is quite enjoyable. The pool bar at the top is nice and we always ended our night there, having a couple of drinks and a game of pool and the barman is adorable and very welcoming. You must do the safari excursion and the Dhow cruise, K Porte will arrange it all for you and it is well worth the money (160 dhms each for the dhow and I think approx 200 for the safari), we also went to the snow park at the Emiarates mall and it was lots of fun. We went to the Jumeirah beach (5dhms to get in) as it is a private beach and bikini wearing is allowed. K Porte Inn is a good location for the city, you do get what you pay for but the money we saved by going to this hotel meant more spending money and to be honest we only used the hotel to sleep in and get changed etc. There is so much to do in Dubai that you won't hardly use your hotel. Another nice place for an evenings drink is at the Irish village which is about a 15 min cab ride away but the drinks are quite pricey but you will find all alcoholic drinks are pricey in Dubai, we found the cheapest to be in the Lotus Hotel. K Porte also do have bus services to the beach and the city centre but we didn't use it we just got cabs. As a female I did watch everyone else the first day and all the tourists seem to be wearing clothes that covered their knees so be aware of that cos you may get looks if you go around wearing short skirts and shorts, also if you have blonde hair it seems to grab quite a few looks but its totally harmless so don't feel funny about it, its a very safe place and not once did I feel scared or worried just have respect for their culture. Have a great time in Dubai, you will love it.	
Jan 21 2008	Good for a short stay	We booked the K-Porte for the first night only of a four day stay in Dubai, as we were arriving after midnight and just wanted a bed for the night rather than all the facilities that Dubai's superb luxury hotels offer, at a price. We were a little anxious about the K-Porte, as we got not no response to emails seeking confirmation of the airport pick-up. But to their credit all went well: the free airport transfer was waiting for us (even for just a one-night booking), and we got courteous service at check-in, including giving us a high-floor room - where there was no problem of noise from the club at all. With a decent breakfast (with a suitably Middle Eastern / central Asian flavour) included in the modest Dh 500 price, it amounted to a good value package all round. Recommended if you want somewhere simple and safe.	
Jan 9 2008 	Friendly staff	Quite decent hotel, corresponds 3*. The staff friendly, cleaning regular. A feed - a breakfast and a dinner good. It was pleasant, that the bus on a beach and back sends precisely under the schedule. A little Russian, that is good.	
Dec 13 2007	Basic but Comfortable	The Hotel has very limited parking on the street, but does offer a shuttle bus service to and from the airport, note this should be booked at least 3 hours in advance, or so the sign at reception mentioned. It is close to shopping and restaurants and has its own coffee bar on ground level and a bar on the roof with pool. The rooms are very noisy due to the club and disco on floors 0 and 1, and is particularly bad on the 2nd floor with noise until about 4 am. Rooms were generally clean. No English channels on the TV.	
Nov 29 2007 	Love Dubai	I would like to advise I had a fantastic stay in Dubai. The hotel is obviously not a 5* standard but I thought it was a really nice hotel. As they say you pay for what you get and this hotel is reasonably priced. The staff were very friendly and always willing to help, the pool area was very nice and I felt completed relaxed there. The big downside is the music from the saxophone bar. We were on the 4th floor and could still hear the music pretty loudly, I dont really think they need to have it that loud every night till 3am!!!If you are visiting the beach would recommed Al Mazamar about 20mins away from Dubai but in a secluded area and not as busy as Jumeirah. Also the Wild Wadi water park is well worth a day out and also visiting Madinat Jumeirah to the bars and restaurants.I had a brilliant stay and met some great people will definetely go back.	
Oct 23 2007 	we wouldn't re-visit	We were a party of 8 staying @ K-Porte for a 2 night stop over from Thailand &amp; pleased it was only 2 nights. We waited &amp; waited for our transport to take us to the hotel from the airport (4.00am -4.30am). By chance we heard someone mention 'K-Porte' so persuading him to take us to the hotel.We also had a long wait for our rooms &amp; had to wait in the small reception area with no facilities for luggage or relaxing in.During the wait we were offered a complementory breakfast, kind gesture but the breakfast buffet wasn't up too much but the coffe &amp; tea ok! We finally got our rooms which were ok but nothing special. Very small dusty balcony with a view of another balcony from across the road.The heat was unbearable &amp; you're unable to walk anywhere. We got as far as Pizza Hut @ the bottom of the road. You require a taxi EVERYWHERE as the city is so wide spread it would be impossible to see any other way.The pool &amp; bar area is very poor &amp; shabby &amp; in major need of some work. 99% of the guest are from Iran. We did feel slightly uncomfortable swimming in bikinis &amp; relaxing around the pool due to cultural differences.The bar &amp; night club wasn't accessible if you're a non-smoker. The male guests smoke pipes that would hurt your eyes &amp; lungs on entering! Alcohol is in limited supply, you can get a G &amp; T via room service @ a reasonable price but isn't sold in local supermarkets.The staff constantly try &amp; sell you tourist trips &amp; compete between themselves that becomes tiresome &amp; slightly annoying. Overall we wouldn't go back to Dubai	
Oct 2 2007 	Meet our staff - surly grumpy bitchy	The room was fine, the location was fine, the bathroom was pretty average, the price was good. The staff however were so surly you just wanted to scream. I wouldn't stay here - there have got to be better places available.	
Aug 27 2007 	good value for money	we stayed at k porte inn for 4 nights. best part about the hotel was its continental buffet breakfast .the second best thing was its location. its located near some good shopping malls and some famous food chains like burger king, nandos, pizza hut. its near main road also so catching a cab was not a problem for us.we stayed on the 6th floor so it wasnt noisy up there. my other family members who were on 3rd floor did complain about the saxophone club. i think its good value for money its a cheap hotel so what more can one ask from such a cheap hotel.i will definitely stay there if i go to dubai once again.	
Aug 18 2007 	Just for 2 nights...	Booked a doble king room at K-Porte via the net for two nights, two days later and a day before travelling i called K-Porte. Asking them to ensure i have a room on the 5th or 6th floor. They advised that this would not be a problem... informed them i would be arriving late..they organised for a car to pick me up from the hotel. so far so good...Travel to Dubai and arrive three hours behind schedule..delays in Bahrain..hotel supplied vehicle and driver awaiting my arrival..On leaving the airport, the driver takes me to the hotel...we arrive at the Grand Moov hotel in Dubai.Im asked to check in........ !! not imspressed !P.S. i trusted the hotel to ensure that i safely arrive at K-Porte Hotel...my location of stay had changed and my plans had to subsequently change as well...be careful in Dubai..	
Jun 12 2007 	It was just OKAY	There were 7 of us who stayed in 4 rooms for 3 nights. My husband andI have travelled a lot and, by our standards, this hotel was just okay.The buffet breakfast in the mornings was fine. They served at least 4-5 hot dishes, bread (for toast), tea, and coffee every morning. We rented cars in Dubai and were able to park them downstairs (under the hotel) free of charge, which was great. While this hotel does have laundry service, they were unable to loan us an iron for us to use in your room. We tried to use their expedited laundry service but the clothes did not come back in time before we had to leave. In fact, they didn't even iron the clothes and yet they charged us for it. After our bad experience trying to get clothes ironed with the laundry service, we ended up going to Carrefour (department store) and buying one for 15 Dirhums to use in our room for the remainder of the trip. This hotel advertises that they have free WiFi internet access but during our stay, it wasn't working. The best part about this hotel is its location. It's near (about 1 block across the street) Pizza Hut, Burger King, small grocery store, small pharmacy, and a mall. The worst part about this hotel is all of the water out of the restroom faucets is SCALDING HOT! This makes it difficult to take a shower. The second worst part about this hotel is that the Saxophone night club plays loud music until at least 2 am or 3 am. Three of our hotelrooms were on the 4th floor and we could easily hear the music into the night, making it difficult for us to sleep. Our fourth room was on the 6th floor which didn't seem to have this problem.  The hotel staff was not very curteous and we were unable to get them to remove the laundry (ironing) charge from the bill even though we never received our clothes ironed. We paid around $90 USD/night for double occupancy rooms. If we ever visit Dubai in the future, we would pay a little more money for a higher quality hotel. We would definitely not stay at this one again.	
Mar 13 2007	much better than expected	after reading several reviews that did not give it much of a rating we had expected to get what we paid for which was not much.we arrived at 8.30 a.m and check in was not til 2pm so we were shown to a seating area and offered breakfast.the staff managed to get us our room in under an hour and it was very clean,comfortable and bright with a balcony over looking al rigga rd.the hotel is of a much better cleaner standard than i expected and the food in the restaurant was realyy good and in expensive.the pool area on the roof is a little shabby but still very comfortable with a nice open air bar and good staff.i have read about the noise comming from the bars and yes i think it could be a big problem if you are on 2nd,36d,even 4th floor.we stayed on the 5th and could hera i distand banging noise but the floors below must have had it bad so aske for a high level floor when you book.i would stay here again when i next go to dubai	
Jan 31 2007	Good three star	I stayed at the K-Porte Inn for five nights in January 07. It is good value in Dubai where hotels are expensive. The rooms are small (although they have balconies) but clean. The staff are friendly and helpful. As many hotels in Dubai have a Arab or Turkish nightclub on the first floor I would recommend getting a room on the third floor or higher. I could still here the bass beat from my fourth floor room but it was just background noise. I didn't try the restaurant as there were many options near by. The lobby level bar is dark and smokey but worth a visit if you like that kind of place.	
Jun 20 2006	Great hotel	We stayed one night at this hotel a the beginning of June. We arrived at 6.30 in the morning and the hotel van picked us up at the airport. Even though it was early in the morning we were asked to wait for only 45 minutes and were then given our room key and invited to have breakfast as well. We found the room to be extremely clean and pleasant smelling. The staff were excellent, friendly and helpful. Nothing was a problem to them and they always had a nice smile. I think this hotel is great for location, service and value. The hotel van also dropped us back at the airport the next morning.	
May 27 2006	better than expected	I booked this through the travel agent the day before I was due to leave. As it was so last minute I expected the worse. Good things about this hotel;Fantastic staff. Seriously nothing is a problem for them and they are always very kind and sincere. The staff made it for me. Room service. They have an extensive list and it is all right. They also delivered really quick too.Location. If we were going back to Dubai I would like to stay in this part of the town again. We could walk back from the Gold Souk at night or get a metered taxi for a couple of minutes. We were also close enough to the abra's as well which is a mustBad things?The food at breakfast is awful and the comunal area seemed to get a little grubby and show neglect, but that is about it.	
May 22 2006	Nice hotel but noisy	We enjoyed our stay in Dubai and the hotel was nice. The rooms were very clean with plenty of fresh linen. Lovely to have a refridgerator in room. Helpful reception staff and a good free bus service to the beach. Breakfast was fine but restaurant a little grubby with sticky floor. The noise from the nighclub was very loud until 3.00am and then ,when closing, there were people charging up and down the corridor. Overall a nice hotel to use as a sleeping base only,but the facilities are quite a lot to be desired off. Definately over priced.	
May 19 2006	Not as bad as I had read. Pretty good considering	I had booked this hotel (reviews unseen) for my brother, myself and his two boys for four nights. Then I read the reviews and was expecting all hell.Firstly, the staff were very pleasant. We arrived there at 10am (check in time is 3 or 4). They let us have a room to shower/change/sleep without problem and moved us when our connecting rooms were ready. I think the hotel has cleaned up its act. We went to one nightclub (which was empty!) and there was both a bar and a restaurant downstairs that were friendly and very pleasant. Didn't see any signs of prostitution anywhere. Lots of families in the restaurant and upstairs in the pool bar. I also read problems about noise. We were staying on the fourth floor and, yes, you could hear the nightclub. I put in some wet cotton wool into my ears (having come prepared!) and slept very soundly every night. I am normally a very light sleeper too, so was purprised that I slept so well. Having also stayed at Hiltons and Westins (particularly the St Francis in SF with thin walls!) with more noise from other guests, I didn't find it a problem. At something like $300 Australian per night for two rooms it was pretty good really.Food was quite OK for breakfast and dinner at the restaurant. The location is very central and there is a kids amusement park set up in an empty car lot over the road each night with rides and games that everyone loved.On the whole, for the price, I thought the K-Porte pretty good. It is not a five star hotel, but is a very good budget hotel. It is more of an Arabic-style hotel than a Western hotel, but that is, after all, why you travel. Who wants to go to Dubai and eat McDonalds (except for my two nephews that is!). For the price, I could not fault it. I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone who wants a cheap, good, clean family hotel.	
May 15 2006	Good budget hotel	Remember, this is a budget hotel - so don't be disappointed if your expectations aren't met!I chose this hotel because it was cheap and was in a central location. Since its change of ownership (previously called Gulf Inn), standards have improved and the room was spacious, clean, well-serviced daily. There was a hot buffet breakfast included in the (cheap) room rate. We also made use of the free shuttle buses to the beach and the airport too. The reception staff we came across were reasonably helpful and friendly. The concierge gave us a free map of the city to help us explore.The only down side was the music coming from club in the hotel during the evening, a problem in many of Dubai's budget hotels I've heard. But seeing as we weren't too precious about our sleep, it didn't bother us. If you are, ask for a room on the higher floors.Go for this one if you're (a) on a tight budget and (b) you not too fussy.If you're not and you are, then book somewhere else!	
Apr 23 2006	Not worth the price	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, on the 5. floor. The staff is friendly, but the service quite bad : my fiancé had to call reception several times to get his pincode for the Internet access (reception wouldn't call back) ; personnally I didn't appreciate to have to call reception to get toilet paper. Though the room was large and the bed comfortable, the noise coming from the club (1. floor) made it hard to sleep. Breakfast was just ok, accompanied by loud tv music. The sauna is good, the swimmingpool small and dodgy ; on the contrary of what the hotel description says, there is no gym. Our stay at the K-Porte inn was very disappointing, don't go there unless the other hotels are booked.	
Mar 6 2006	Overnight stay	My Husband and I were only staying in Dubai 1 night so wanted a reasonable price hotel near the airport. The Hotel staff could not have been more helpful as when we arrived there was no reservation in our name but they quickly resolved that, we we then shown to a very nice sized clean room with a balcony overlooking a side street, the area around the hotel had plenty of shops to look at. We were leaving early in the morning and received a wake up call at 4am when we arrived at reception we were offered breakfast which we did not have time to have and also complimentary transport to the airport. I would certaintly use this hotel again and hopefully next time be able to stay longer and all for £60 pn	
Sep 21 2005	Not a good place to sleep	Providing a place to sleep is the most basic service a hotel can provide. This hotel, now known as K-Porte Inn, makes it impossible for one to sleep. I had rooms on the 4th and 6th floor and I could not get away from the thumping bass. My room was clean, but marked with cigarette burns and smelled of beer. Also, my shower would get no hotter than lukewarm. The staff was ok, but would not help hail a cab.	
Jun 6 2005	Nice Hotel - Shame About The Music	Hotel lovely, staff lovely. Very very loud music that goes on until 0300 nightly. We stayed at this hotel on the first and last night of our 14 day holiday. The first night we we were on the third floor. When we returned to the hotel I mentioned the horrendous noise and we were upgraded to a junior suite on the fifth floor - however - we were still disturbed by the music - totally ruins the whole image of the hotel	
Feb 18 2005	It was okay but bar was dodgy	Stayed 3 nights. Staff were ok and room was cleaned so that was ok.Avoid the club downstairs, unless you want to pay 25 dirhams for a can of coke (it's 1 dirham from a vending machine). The dancing girls were pretty but I wasnt approached for anything else :(	
Jan 16 2005	my experience at the gulf inn hotel	I found the gulf inn hotel a very unpleasant stay. First impressions were that it was very nice, clean rooms etc. service was bad. the cleaner did not change bed sheets for 4 days. Room service i had to repeatidly call for 1 order but worse of all the hotel bar: of an evening it was swamped with prostitutes touting for clients and this was permitted by management. I was staying there with my husband and sister and was approached by men who assumed we were in the same league as the girls touting, staff seen this and allowed they're guests to be intimidated like this it was appauling. A regular drinker in the bar(male) insulted my husband asking if he was our pimp and the attitude and bad language coming from his mouth was utterly appauling yet was heard by staff and allowed! Ladies should not even travel in the lift alone as chances of being approached is highly likely. I cant express enough how appauling this hotel is but such a beautiful country i will definately ruturn to dubai but most definately will not be staying in the gulf inn.	
Jan 4 2005	Be Warned!	I stayed in the Gulf Inn Hotel for 8 nights in December. I will not be recommending it to anyone. It is cheap, but you get what you pay for! Some of the clientele that frequent the hotel bar &amp; nightclub would raise a few eyebrows - to say the least! Only some of the hotel rooms have balconies, so I would advise you to request a room with a balcony at the time of booking, friends of our's who stayed there at the same time had a single window which was welded shut! I got a couple of bites on my legs, which friends reckoned were bed bug bites... also, on the morning we were checking out, a cockroach crawled up the shower curtain... Visit at your own risk!!!	
Mar 30 2009 	hotel molto rumoroso !! impossibile dormire fino alle 4 di mattina !! staff indisponente !		
