Nov 15 2008 	Functional but clean with freindly staff	I really enjoyed my stay at the Ramee. The positives are, very clean , friendly staff, large apartment space and a good location for Dubai Media/Internet City. I enjoyed my stay.THe negatives are, it is currently on a bit of a building site although the noise it not really a problem, and it has an expensive internet connection. Plus even though it has a gas cooker they no longer provide gas and guests have to be given an electric hot plate.Overall, I would stay there again (I spent 26 nights here).	
Sep 18 2008 	Another Ramee experience not to be recommended	I only stayed here because it was the nearest serviced apartment I could find at short notice that was close to the office so that I could avoid the traffic jams of rush hour Dubai. Its is relatively close to the Internet and Media City business areas but in the mornings it can take forever to get out of the area and onto the main roads due to the amount of building work. The apartment block has building sites all around which operate 6 days a week 24 hours a day and the noise does get to you after a while with concrete trucks reversing all night. If you need to get a taxi then especially during Ramadan this is a very difficult task despite the best efforts of the apartment staff. With regards to the staff you cant fault their politeness and eagerness to help out but the biggest problem is that they are not empowered to make any decisions or deal with problems like the fact the actual apartments are nothing like the advertisement on the web site. Below I have detailed some of the issues that will annoy you if you stay here for a decent period of time.1 - The kitchens have very basic utensils and if you need a measuring jug, tin opener, bowl etc then its best to go to the supermarket and buy these yourself.2 - All the flats have gas ovens and hobs but none work since the building is not allowed gas. Instead you are given a hot plate with two rings to cook on each night. So you can forget trying to grill some fish or cook a pizza for a night in.3 - The DVD players come from India and are not compatible with the region. So if you are from India its fine, anywhere else you cant use them.4 - The TV offers CNN, Virgin Radio and two English Movie Channels with the remaining 18 channels being Indian TV. So its not usually a great night in.5 - The Internet is advertised as High Speed but the reality is nearer 28kbps. It would appear that all guests have the same problem and the infrastructure cant support the demand to use the web in the hotel. Trying to use VOIP or download big emails can become very frustrating after a while.6 - The apartments are big but the furnishing is basic7 - The 11th floor of the building has a basic cafe and swimming pool which is fine if you don't have high expectationsThe nearest supermarket is about 15 mins walk away in an area called The Greens and if you want a drink then the Millennium Hotel is about a 10 minute walk. The biggest problem is the lack of pavements and street lights for the walk back to the Ramee whilst you weave across building sites and roads.If you read other reviews of the Ramee apartments or hotels in Dubai there seems to be a theme which would make you think twice about ever staying in one of their buildings.	
