Oct 31 2007 	Good Area bad hotel	My firends and got there solely for the internet price we had found. The area aroung the hotel is very good and there is close tube station near it. The rooms are terible. We had a three bed room with all the beds being pushed together with a small passage in front of the beds. The bathroom might seem convenient if you are not bigger than a 8year old child.The breakfast room was a bit like the rooms and the bathroom, really cramped and smelly.	
May 13 2007 	You Get What You Pay For-	I stayed here in mid-April for 7 nights. I picked the Hotel based on the cheap price and location. Its right across from a park in a cute neighborhood. The hotel was a little rough around the edges. The people behind the desk were all new and knew little about both London and the hotel, but for the most part were helpful. The room I had was very small, and never vacumed the entire week I was there, although sheets etc. were changed/cleaned. I would recommend the hotel if your on a budget and dont mind &quot;roughing&quot; it a little bit.	
Mar 13 2007 	oh my god what a dump this place is!!!	under no circumstances would i recommend this hotel to anyone, not even students on a shoestring budget. i've stayed in hostels that are cheaper, safer, better run, and *cleaner*!!despite having booked several weeks prior, i arrived to discover that they didn't seem to have my reservation. but they did have one room left, which i was given. the room was dirty, dingy, rundown and located on the depressing ground floor. the mattress looked and felt to be about 10 years old. and the phone did *not* work!!!!!!!!!! when i asked the desk clerk when phone service would be restored, he said *maybe* monday, but he wasn't sure. i arrived on a saturday. when i asked if there was a public computer i could use to access the internet, i was informed that that didn't work either. when i asked if i could be moved to a nicer room (i.e., a clean room that wasn't tatty and didn't smell), i was told that there were no other rooms available. i grabbed my bags and literally fled to another hotel in the neighborhood. as a resident of nyc, i'm used to properties that are a bit rundown, but if they are clean, safe, reasonably priced and have character, i'm ok with it. this place stunk of cigarette smoke, was seedy, depressing, unclean, in *no way* represented the services they advertise on various websites, and too expensive for such miserable (--). pardon my graphic language. but don't even consider staying here. it's disgusting.	
Jan 7 2007 	Stay Away!	As part of an airline's travel package, I selected the Tria Hotel because of its cost and acceptable reviews. I was traveling to London and later Paris, alone, to celebrate my birthday.What a mistake to choose the Tria!My threadbare, single room was drafty because of a broken window in the bathroom, and, worse yet, stone-cold the three nights I was there. I eventually came to understand that the desk clerk(s) controlled the thermostat for the entire hotel. (Perhaps this is standard in budget European hotels?) When the lobby was warm, she or he would turn down the thermostat. It was cold and rainy in London that week, and I am fortunate I didn't catch pneumonia.Since I had to block the cold coming in from the bathroom window with one of the two towels they provided me, I had to ask for a clean bath towel each day, which I was given reluctantly.The breakfast was adequate, because having been to London before, I knew I was in store for cereal, toast, and coffee. The desk clerks weren't rude, exactly, but they exuded a &quot;I don't care&quot; attitude. They also misled me about the use of the phone in my room -- although I had a calling card, I still had to pay connection fees and a non-refundable deposit.None of the clerks I encountered were British.Just as miserable as the hotel was the seedy neighborhood in which it is located. I don't know if it was because of construction, or because late November is the off-season for tourists, the well-recommended Indian restaurant and Italian bistro just a couple of streets over from the Tria were closed. And, the Tube station closest to the Tria, Westbourne Park, had no security guards (or even ticket-sellers that I could see). The walk to it was a little hairy, again because of the renovation of apartment buildings and empty storefronts.There was nothing open in the Tria's neighborhood at night, unless you count the Pizza Hut, a package store, and one smoky pub.Again, I understand this area is undergoing gentrification, which accounts for the construction and closed storefronts. But I will not stay at the Tria and DO NOT recommend it for any traveler -- single, couples, or groups.	
Jan 3 2007	Great location not great staff!	The Tria hotel is beautifully located in the Kensington area of London. Upon arrival we were &quot;greeted&quot; by a dour slavic lady who was none too helpful in terms of providing directions or giving me any information on the neighbourhood. The room itself was tiny but clean. The bathroom was laughably small but my mom and I managed. It would have been helpful had we been given more than one towel each though -they refused to provide us with more even after we asked them. The television only had about 4 channels but it would seem this isn't uncommon in budget hotels in London. One good point was the internet access in the reception area was very cheap (equal to the rates charged in the cafes in the neighbourhood) so this was quite convenient. Also, my mother and I found the breakfast to be satisfactory however the &quot;cafeteria&quot; itself was rather cramped. Unfortunately, when it came time for us to leave and we asked the woman at the desk to call us a cab, we were met with a rather shady figure who arrived in an unmarked vehicle without a meter. He demanded 6 pounds (twice what it had cost us for the trip in a real cab) for any trip no matter how close. When I asked the staff to please call us a real cab she flatly refused much to my astonishment. There was some kind of agreement between the &quot;chauffeur&quot; and the hotel staff from what I could see. This was offputting to say the least. So in summary, not bad but for the cramped quarters and rude staff (incidentally, the male staff were much friendlier and more helpful.) If you are on a budget, I would recommend this hotel. And if you happen to speak Polish, perhaps the ladies will be more congenial to you.	
Dec 16 2006 	Had a lovely stay at the Tria	Stayed at the Tria for 3 days late november.A little hard to find, but that`s because it took me forever to admit defeat and get to an internet cafe and find a map online. After that it was easy.Tria is a little hidden in a side street so there`s very little traffic noise.The staff was very helpful and nice.The rooms were clean and bigger than the price might suggest.Bathroom was small, but nice, with a shower. Got fresh towels each morning. Will recommend to all my friends.	
Nov 16 2006 	Wonderful!	I was really worried when our driver didn't know where the hotel was. But once we got there I was pleasantly surprised, it looked nice. Check in was smooth, there was a lift up, the room was bigger than I thought. It was clean, and over all really pleasant. The bathroom was newly redone. Nothing was ruined or broken in any way. Although the room didn't have everything the hotel claim it would have (Radio,Tea &amp; Coffee Equipment). The staff was pleasant and helpful when we asked for directions. I could easily go there again.	
Nov 5 2006 	satisfactory for a sightseeing base	We stayed at the Tria for 1 night whilst visiting London to see a show. It was reasonably priced so we weren't expecting luxury. When we arrived we were greeted at reception and check-in went smoothly. The reception area was small and smelt a little of stale smoke but apart from that it was clean. The rooms were small as stated by others in their reviews but adequate. Not may coat hangers were provided. The bathroom was quite nice with a shower and clean towels. There was also a wall mounted hairdryer. Breakfast was a help yourself affair to tea, coffee and juice, whilst a waitress (without so much as a smile or a good morning) brought the toast. Maybe she couldn't speak english as most of the staff in London weren't English.The hotel is well located with the bus stop just down the road and a tube station a little further away. I wouldn't say that there was a great choice of bars or restaurants in the immediate viccinity and found ourselves eating a take away pizza for our evening meal as the restaurants were closed by the time we arrived back after the show. In my opinion we got what we paid for and providing your stay is for a short break this hotel is fine.	
Sep 29 2006 	Nice budget hotel	We have just come back from a month in the UK. We were booked into the Tria for 3 nights as part of a package put together by our travel agent. Having read all the reviews on here I knew it wasn't going to be 4 star and it wasn't. The room was just big enough to walk around the bed and the bathroom was also very small, but adequate. Our room was on the third floor overlooking the garden on the other side of the street. It was quiet even though the bus route was at the end of the street. The buses come frequently and having a travel card made it easy to go anywhere in the city from there. There is a pub a minutes walk away as well as a good choice of restaurants. The receptionist was helpful whenever we asked for information and because our flight into London was so early we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel for the day and check in that evening. The breakfast was as described in previous reviews, though my husband asked for and got another piece of toast every morning. London is an expensive place and you get what you pay for. The Tria was fine for what we wanted - a place to sleep at night after a busy day siteseeing.	
Sep 22 2006 	Look for alternatives to the Tria	Having stayed at numerous budget hotels in the UK previously, I thought I knew what to expect from the Tria. Despite being situated in a great neighborhood, I was disapointed in the Tria, and would not stay there again. Problems begain immediately; we went to shower just after checking in, and found that the towels in the bathroom were dirty. This could have been overlooked if the staff had not been clearly annoyed by our polite request for 2 clean towels. The wake up call we requested for 3:30 pm didn't come until 3:30 am, less than desirable after a night on a plane. The door lock was duct taped together, and the TV we wanted only for weather and news never worked. Breakfast was a bowl of cornflakes, coffee, and 2 pieces of toast each that usually arived at the table long after cornflakes and coffee were gone. With the exception of the young man on the night desk, the staff was indifferent to the point of hostility. The one saving grace was the location, in a diverse lively neighborhood full of all types of restaurants and take away snacks of all kinds. This area is convenient to the Westbourne, Bayswater and other tube stations, Portobello market, and provides access to numerous bus routes. I will definitely stay in this area again but not at the Tria.	
Sep 6 2006 	Nice stay in Tria	My sister &amp; I stayed here from the 12th till the 16th of August 2006. We stayed on the 5th floor. We were informed when checked in that the lift only goes from the basement to the 4th floor. At least the receptionist informed us of this. From the lift you have to go left, though the door directly in front of you, then right, stright ahead, right again and take the last door on the left.The rooms are very small yes but as most of the residents in the hotel were touists, then this should not worry anyone at all. My sister and I got on fine with this very small room as we were out most of the day. In the bath room there is a extractor fan as there is not window. Its a shower, sink and toilet. Its grand like the room as you will be out seeing the sights every day.Breakfast is the same every day of tea/coffee, orange juice, cornflakes, toast and milk. Thats it. Its fine as it fills you for the morning.Its location is fine also. The number 7 bus is right outside the door. This bring you right to Oxford Street, you even pass Paddingtion station on route. Once you either Paddingtion or Oxford Street you can go any where with the tube.Over all, good location, good bus service, nice receptionist (only area where smoking allowed, not allowed in any bedrooms) basis breakfast and fine for a quick trip to London.	
Aug 13 2006 	Tria Hotel	The hotel is okay, but the bedroom is really small and old. The safety box stays in the reception, and not in the bedroom. The bedroom is clean and the staff is kind.The lift only goes to the 4th floor, so if your room is in the 5th floor you have to take the stairs.It is near from the tube (Westbourne Park Station), there is a bus stop in front of the hotel, and has good restaurants nearby.The park in front of the hotel is really charming, and it is worth a visit.	
Jul 6 2006	Great Little Place	Tria is a great little place if you're on a budget. The rooms, though tiny, serve their purpose, and the breakfast provided was enough to get through the morning. If you stay here, be sure to check out the tiny little garden across the street - hit a store around the corder, pick up a few Stella Artois and some munchies, and have a nice afternoon! This is how my fiance proposed to me!	
Mar 27 2006	Tria is Great for the Budget-minded London Explorer	The Tria Hotel is in the same neighborhood where Michael Caine's character lived in the original movie Alfie. There's a sweet little garden running down the boulevard that gives the surrounding a less urban feel. What the hotel lacks in wall thickness (it was a tad noisy from other guests coming in late from the pubs on Saturday night) it completely made up for in charm, location and ease of transportation. There's a bus stop just a few steps away that is used by six different busses. For my family, the Tria filled our needs well. We were gone from the room exploring the city most of the day and the beds were comfy, so it filled our simple needs perfectly.Although I'd read a few complaints about Tria's breakfast, I enjoyed it. The morning staff, mostly comprised of young French women, efficiently served the juice, coffee, tea, cereal, milk and toast in the breakfast room. Often, we chatted with other guests. The arrangement of the room promotes that kind of interaction. We picked up a small wheel of delicious brie at Portobello Road Market, nearby the hotel, to supplement our brekkies and stored it on the window sill at night to keep it cool. That made for a lovely start to the day. The staff was multi-cultural and pleasant, but not extremely knowledgeable about bus routes, etc. If you buy an Oyster card, you can use all of London's extremely efficient means of transportation without having to buy individual trip tickets. Ask the locals at the stop where the bus goes until you get used to it. There were plenty of good places in the neighborhood to eat, but one I was particularly impressed with was Star of Bombay. Also, the fish and chips at the Metro Pub, right next to Westbourne Park Tube Station, is some of the best I've had in London.By all means, select the Tria Hotel if you're a budget-minded traveler wanting to explore London.	
Mar 4 2006	Cleanbasicgood location	Just returned from a one week stay at the Tria with my teen age daughter.We booked the hotel as part of a package thru Go-Today.com.The Tria was basic budget accomodations.Our twin room was small,but comfortable and quiet.The bathroom was small,but clean,plenty of hot water,and good water pressure in the small shower.We really liked the location,very close to bus stop, Portabello Road, a couple of restaurants,coffee shops,and a bakery.Only complaint was the smoke filled lobby.We would stay there again.	
Jan 7 2006	Smoking in Lobby a Serious Draw-back	When having to enter and exit this facility through a seriously air-polluted lobby, even the nice location and proximity to the bus made this place one I could not want to recommend. The room(s) (we actually asked to be moved) we saw were really small (even for 2 people), and the first was really awkwardly arranged with the bath and closet on a small landing outside the bedroom. I didn't think the front desk staff was all that helpful - if we had not needed extra assistance with a problem steming from the loss of a piece of medical equipment and car keys on our flight, the service might have been adequate. But everything seemed to be a big deal - from trying to use a calling card in the pay phone, to having to have phone service turned on in the room, to paying 8 times the out of hotel rate to use the internet in the lobby - one pound for 30 minutes vs. 40 pence for an hour at a shop on Westborne Grove Rd. - a 15 minute walk. Anyone familiar with &quot;English Breakfast&quot; should also not expect it here - 2 pieces of toast with corn flakes and coffee is what was offered. Also, because it happened that we generally don't do &quot;after dark&quot; activities, we tried the TV reception in the room, only to find no BBC! Skye was all that we found - what a disappointment.	
Dec 6 2005	Great connections to bus service	We stayed at Tria over thanksgiving holidays. This was part of a package we purchased. Standard double room for London in a small hotel.Small,with closet. No frills. Bathroom clean; recently redone: new tile, fixtures. Fresh towels daily. Plenty of hot water in the shower, hair dryer on the wall, dried even my thick hair quickly.Room has new carpeting, and if we were here in the summer the room we had(107) would have been perfect- window opens onto the portico roof and has a couple of chairs to enjoy the summer evening. Alas, it was winter. For a budget hotel this one is fine. Not far from Portobello Road/Notting Hill Gate. Bus stops right outside: no.7 (goes all the way to Oxford Circus and right by Paddington station).Road noise was noticable but not disturbingly so. Staff were helpful with our questions and helping us with taxi arrangements for early morning departure. Not the Ritz, but ok if you are only sleeping, not living in the room.	
Oct 20 2005	great place to stay	We've just returned from almost 2 weeks in London, during which we stayed at the Tria hotel.First of all, we enjoyed our stay and the hotel was perfectly ok!We've booked the room on the internet, via [...] - where you pay only a small amount to secure your booking, and the rest is paid directly in the hotel. Also, the price in this site was quite small - only 42.73 pounds a day (for 2 people + continental breakfast).It is a small hotel, located on a very quiet street and overlooking a small park.It is 5 minutes by foot from the nearest tube (Westbourne Park station), and you can get to a station with better choice of tube lines by bus just outside the hotel (every 5 minutes, a 5 minutes bus ride to Notting Hill Gate station).It is also in a walking distance from Paddington train station.The hotel overall is very clean, and it's a non-smoking hotel, which was very fine with us.The only place where smoking is allowed is in the lobby.In the lobby, there is a soft-drinks machine, a place to sit (sofas, TV and such), internet (0.5 pound for 0.5 hour), and a place where you can prepare tea and coffee (for free).There is also a safe deposit box that cost us only 3 (or 5???????????) pounds for all our stay.The room: of course it wasn't big, but for 2 persons it was fine. There are nice claret-colored carpets on the floor, and the mattresses have just been replaced with new ones (it happened during our stay). A mirror has also been added above the desk (although still a lamp lacks above it to turn it to a dressing table).I think the total room (including the en-suite shower) was around 3x5 meters.In the room there were: a double bed, a big wardrobe with mirrors as doors, a small writing desk (2 drawers and a bigger compartment) with a small lamp, a chair, a &quot;trouser press&quot; (a strange machine that presses and heats trousers - to replace ironing; didn't venture to use this thing, though), a TV set+remote, a telephone (we didn't try to call from it, but we did receive a call), and 2 glasses.There was no tea/coffee tray in the room.There is no air conditioning, which can be a problem in the summer. There is a small air-opening in the window (which can be closed), and it was enough for ventilation, most of the time of our stay.The shower looks pretty new and nice, there is also a toilet, and a washing basin (with one tap and hot-cold water mixer, and not 2 taps as it is in many places in England).In the shower: 2 big towels, 2 towel pegs, a feet towel, soap, hairdryer, a place to plug a shaver in. No hand towels, no shampoo.There was continental breakfast included, consisting of (and only): a small glass of orange juice, tea/coffee, milk, a bowl of cornflakes, 2 toasts, jam, butter. We did occasionally ask and get more toasts. Overall it was enough for us for a light breakfast.There wasn't any alteration in the food, except one-time different type of cornflakes.On the whole, the food wasn't anything incredible, but it was all fresh and I'd say usual.The breakfast room is in the basement but it has windows, and doesn't look dark at all.Tips:Remember to bring the special electricity plug for the UK sockets.It was very convenient and very worthy to buy unlimited 7-days oyster travelcard, which allows you to travel unlimited in selected zones of the tube and also on the buses. see http://www.tfl.gov.uk/tfl for more details.	
Jun 13 2005	Not too bad if you're on a budget	My 14 year old daughter and I stayed there as part of a package with Go-Today travel, and it was our first visit to London. The rooms don't have and thermostats in the room, so it was a bit chilly in the room, but the staff gave us a portable heater which warmed up the room just fine (the room is quite small). We had arrived 4 hours earlier than our check in time, but the staff was able to get us into a cleaned room within an hour. The breakfasts were included, but nothing spectacular....toast, jam, corn flakes, and tea or coffee. The closest metro is about 5 blocks away, but we felt completely safe walking back to the hotel late at night. It was quite a distance from most of the landmarks we wanted to see, but if you don't mind the subways, most things are just one or two trains aways since Paddington Station is only 2 stops from the subway near the hotel. The only 2 things that were problematic were that our shower hose had a hole in it, which made the water pressure pretty poor, and one day, our hotel door wouldn't open and the maintenance man had to come up and literally take the door off to fix the electronic lock. If you're looking for a hotel as somewhere to sleep while you enjoy the sights of London, this one is perfect, but if you want something even remotely luxurious, this is not the hotel for you. Personally, we were there to see London, not the inside of a hotel room.	
Mar 1 2005	Great location	Just got back from a week in London where I stayed at the Tria. I had a single room, small but adequate. The twelve-foot ceilings made the room seem larger. The small bathroom had all new fixtures. The heating system worked really well--not chilly like some London hotels in winter. I loved the quiet street (Even though I was on the front facing the street, I never heard any street noise.) The walls were very thick, so I heard little from the rooms above or next to me. The best feature was the location. Across the street were bus stops for buses to Notting Hill Gate--where I transferred to the Tube or to other bus routes. The Westbourne Park tube station was a few blocks walk, as was the Portobello Road market. I didn't really care for the breakfast that was offered--very basic, just corn flakes, toast, orange juice, coffee and tea. Some fresh fruit would have made me happy. I skipped the breakfast after the first couple of days and found cozy cafes near-by that offered homemade scones, etc. A good choice for the budget traveller--for me the money saved meant buying more books to lug home...	
Mar 1 2005	Pretty Average	We thought this hotel was pretty average. It was booked as part of a package deal with Creative Holidays, and we found it to be poor value. The room was very small and the bathroom a little bit smelly. There was nothing wrong with the hotel per se, but at nearly 80 pounds a night, I am sure you could find something much nicer. (Whether that is a reflection on the package or the hotel itself I am not sure). There was one thing we found a little bit odd; we had to pay a pound in order to have the phone line 'opened' to make phone calls using our calling card. Unfortunately, the line 'closed' again before we had completed our stay.	
Dec 27 2004	Basic	We got this hotel as part of a package deal from a travel agent, it was a preety raw deal, we wouldn't have chosen it ourselves. Preety upset with our travel agent for putting us up in this dump. I gather the walk in rate is 55-75 pounds, that's a rip off. My wife and I stayed here 22nd-26th November 2004. It was rough. The room was so small, we had to walk sideways between the bed and the built in wardrobe. The bed sheets were as rough as rice sacks. The only redeeming feature is the bathroom is clean and new. Location wise, it is about a 8 to 10 minutes walk to the nearest subway station westbourne park, although if you walk a bit further the opposite direction to Hydepark hill gate station (I Think), it's much better station to get off, there is a bus 28 to and fro from this station. Breakfast of toasts and jam and cornflakes to start your day with, makes you cringe, although the hot coffee is not bad. If I were you I'd get a hotel around Gloucester park area, much better location and about the same rate will get you a better level of accomodation.	
Dec 17 2004	Not bad  will probably go again	We stayed in the Tria Hotel earlier this year. It's really ok for travellers who do not spend much time in the rooms. No problems with the rooms. Generally clean and well equipped, only very small as many users pointed out. Only BIG issue for me was the breakfast. As a budget traveller I thought I would eat well at the hotel in the morning in order not to have to spend too much on food during the day. Unfortunately, I am also health concious, and do not consider cornflakes nutritional. Toast is not a problem, except that they only had the white variety. Besides that, they had everything we needed for a reeasonable hotel stay.	
Nov 17 2004	Not a great deal	We stayed at the Tria for six nights in November of 2004. We had the option of staying at five other hotels but this one had the least negative reviews. The location was good and the bathroom had nice tile and hot water but otherwise, it was a very basic room. There were two bath towels but only one towel ring in the bathroom. There were no handtowels or wash cloths. The 'breakfast' amounted to piled up bowls of one kind of corn flakes type cerial, some sort of orange drink and coffee. The (non english speaking) crew would bring you toast from some back room, three slices at a time. There was butter and jelly available to put on that. As Yanks, we wanted ice in the drinks wewere having in our room. One nice desk clerk found some for us but the others directed us to the nearest market that sold ice. If you're going to bargain shop for rooms in London, don't expect a lot more than we got at the Tria. By U.S. standards, there are no bargains there. Prices are totally beyond belief. 	
Oct 4 2004	Bad deal at any price	I booked a room at the Tria for three nights. I was attracted by the price and the nice pictures on the Website. Well, my room didn't look anything like the pictures. It was a dingy, tiny, nasty room in the basement, next to the lift and the breakfast room. In addition to being a bit chilly because the heat wasn't yet on, the room was equipped with a pump in the bathroom to pump the water into the drainage system. On the last morning the pump stopped working while I was taking a shower and a major flood ensued. Fortunately, I wasn't electricuted! I checked out a day early as soon as I could without incurring a penalty. On the positive side, the staff were very pleasant.	
Jul 21 2004	clean but tiny	Clean and pleasant. However the room is extremely small.Could hardly open our luggage. The photos don't give a true representation. The staff was helpful.we would recommend it only to single or young travelers.	
Jul 19 2004	Good budget hotel	The Tria is a good hotel for the budget conscious, especially in very pricey London. International clientele all ages. No frills here. Cost £65 a night for a twin room, less if booked on a website like London.Net. Small room, with cable TV and remote, telephone, and coffee/tea making equipment. Think basic dorm room. On the plus side: Clean, comfortable bed and pillows, remodeled bathrooms with great shower, all rooms nonsmoking (a rarity in London), internet access in lobby (£1 per 30 minutes), quiet street location with little noise within hotel except sound of water pipes in walls, fridge in lobby stocked with drinks for sale. Negatives: although hotel is generally nonsmoking, smoking is allowed on one side of the small lobby. If you have a room on the ground floor, smoke smell can drift under door. We paid by credit card which converted bill to $ at a higher than current exchange rate. Reception said there was nothing they could do about it--that the machine did it automatically. No time to discuss this as we were rushing to catch a train. But since the British also use this hotel, assume that they can charge in £s too. They arranged a cab to take us to train station but it turned out to be a private cab with no meter and a set rate of £7 to Paddington. Rate okay but don't know about liability issues and such. Not a lot of restaurants in immediate neighborhood but what's there were good. You can walk a few long blocks to busy streets to have more choices. All in all would probably stay there again. Especially if exchange rate stays high.	
Jun 12 2004	Great for the price!	Clean modern room, OK breakfast &amp; good cofee included, good location, great price! The Tria was exactly what we were looking for! About 3 blocks to the Underground, bus stop right outside, nice park across the street. Always had somebody who spoke good English at the desk, and very helpful. It's true that the rest of the staff didn't understand any language we knew (as many reviewers have noted), but they were nice. If you're looking for a decent place to stay, &amp; don't care about room service or a place to entertain (or impress) guests, then this is a great hotel!	
Apr 10 2004	Tria - small! tidy	The Tria was in a great location, only 5 minutes walk from the London underground. I found the rooms extremely small but clean and well kept. Small bathroom, but quite new. Comfortable beds. Downside - it was VERY small. &quot;breakfast&quot; consisted of 2 pieces of toast, 1 bowl of cornflakes(pre-measured), juice, tea or coffee. (not really a sufficient breakfast!). Staff friendly, try to help when necessary, but really didn't know how most the time. Had a couple of shirts &quot;misplaced&quot; in the room, called to see if we were had left them there. Staff couldn't &quot;find&quot; them in the room!!! Make you want out of that...Not a bad place in all 2/5 January 2004	
Mar 10 2004	Perfect for short trips	We, my girlfriend and me, stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. Rooms very clean, with shower and TV. My room was a double one, with a 2x2 bed, daily clean. By bues, it is 15 minutes lo London Victoria, and 5 minutes to Notting Hill Gate, taking the bus just at 30 metres outside the hotel. Beauty neighbourhood and quite zone. Good breakfast and nice staff. I recommend it for short stays and visitors with no much money. Bye	
Feb 24 2004	Clean well situated  good price	Well, we went to London not to move around in a hotel room but in the city! The hotel is comfortable and clean. Service is good. So the breakfast. Easily accessible even by mother with three small kids. We enjoyed it!	
Dec 9 2003	Staying at the Tria Hotel	The Tria Hotel was included as part of a hotel/air fare package offered by the travel agency I made arrangements with. Bear in mind that there are different types of hotels to accomodate the different needs of travelers. The Tria Hotel is designed for the budget conscious. Don't expect a porter to help bring your bags to your room or airport transportation. Yes, as a previous reviewer indicated, the rooms are small and are not designed for entertaining. If you do not like your room they will offer to place you in another room, if available. However, the hotel is very clean and there are two sitting areas within the lobby of the hotel for meeting friends. There are bus lines at the street corner and the nearest underground station is about three blocks away. The staff is very helpful although English is not their native language. As of November (when I stayed at the hotel), a comlimentary breakfast of cereal, toast, juice, coffee and tea is served daily in their breakfast room (they do not serve lunch or dinner). I have traveled for twenty years and have experienced all different types of hotels. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Trada.	
Nov 16 2002	Disliked the Tria Hotel	Rooms were terribly small. Two people were not free to move around. No room for TV except up on bracket. No remote and TV buttons too high to reach without standing on chair. Pillows so hard and thick that we were forced to go out and buy pillows. Continental breakfast consisted of orange juice, toast and cheap cornflakes. Help did not speak English (mostly French &amp; German). Would not stay there again.	
Dec 3 2008	Buono		
Aug 3 2007 	Meglio sotto un ponte...		
Mar 12 2007 	No veas que de mierda ....		
