Nov 8 2009 	Well I've done worse!	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel as we were staying overnight in London and catching a show in the West End, the only down point was that we managed to pick a weekend when the DLR wasn't running however the staff were more than helpful; providing us with directions over the phone, aranging taxi to take us to the show whilst dealing with us being panicked and manic because of being late etc.The building is lovely and characterful, clearly coming across as a business/ training centre but the rooms are comfortable, well stocked and very clean - we found it to be great for a one night stopover and will definitely be back!	
Oct 28 2009 	Grand old building 45 minutes from centre	The room was rather small but beautifully clean. On several nights there was loud music from a club opposite but this stopped at midnight. Breakfast was superb, and was enhanced by a cheerful, off-the-wall young man who gave us some mints as a special token of appreciation. We would have appreciated feather pillows but none could be found. Plenty of cheap restaurants nearby, plus the National Maritime Museum, Royal Greenwich Observatory, etc.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value and perfect for Greenwich and the O2	We stayed there as we were at a gig at the O2. There is free parking the room was relatively spacious for London. The hotel looked as if it had recently been refurbished. The place was clean, the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. We had trouble finding how to get to it in the car because of the one way system so we rang the hotel and the receptionist was able to direct us. The breakfast was fantastic as well. I'd recommend it if you're going to the O2 or if you want a weekend in London. It's located next door to the Greenwich observatory. It was a 30 minute walk to the O2 and no doubt most buses go to the O2 from Greenwich as well making it considerably better value for money than the hotels located next door to the O2.	
Oct 3 2009 	Superb hotel - very impressed	Other than what my girlfriend and I saw as a minor blip, overall the whole experience was excellent. Through our booking, we received a £10 voucher to use in the restaurant or bar which we thught was excellent to start with.The room was clean and well kept and bathroom spotless. The blip was that the television did not work properly, only giving us sound but no picture! We called reception and the Duty Manager was prompt in getting to our room to try and fix it. He couldn't, so offered us both a free meal in the restaurant - wine included! This was unexpected and of course most welcome!The food was good with generous enough portions. Breakfast was a buffet and also included in the price, again very good, with a wide selection; bacon, eggs, sausage, and all your usual English breakfast goodies, plus continental breakfast food available, fruit, porridge, the works.Overall we spent £10 during our one night stay - result!Not to mention the location; restaurants and bars within walking distance and central London 15 minutes away on the DLR.Great hotel, fantastic stay - would recommend.	
Sep 24 2009 	A country location that has excellent transport services bringing all that London has to offer within a stones throw.	A clean modern hotel that beautifully retains its historical roots.The resteraunt provided good meals and the staff were polite and helpful. Interestingly situated right by the National Maritime Museum, Royal Observatory and Greenwhich Park it isn't really necessary to move far from the hotel. However, the public transport system allows quick easy travel to any part of the capital. The speedy ferries /clippers on the Thames were reasonably priced for daily roamer tickets and gave an unexpectedly enjoyable river cruise experience both travelling under Tower Bridge and later a quick hop over to the O2 Dome. This hotel is reasonably priced,and quietly but conveniently located with the added bonus of free parking. We loved it.	
Sep 7 2009	Brilliant Venue	22 of us stayed at Devonport House to take part in the Great River race and it was the perfect choice.There was a bit of a mix up over the number of double and twin rooms and it was handled perfectly and reasonably with some of our party being given their own rooms to compensate - can't complain at that! Addtionally the staff were friendly and helpful and so interested in what we were doing, despite the fact they were also busy with a wedding taking place. all the staff at breakfast were helpful especially one whose name I didn't get but he will know who he is as he gave us some bananas for prior to the race - what a star. Overall we could not fault the place and will return next year if possible, additionally if you were looking to stay in London for other reasons this is a great choice as Greenwich is lovely, a nice venue for a girly weekend and some christmas shopping at the market. the parking is a definite bonus. thanks again from all at Mochras Rowing Club.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location for visit to London	Got really good price for a room at Easter. Hotel is very impressive from outside. We arrived early and our room was ready which was great. Didn't spend alot of time in the hotel as we were there to visit London. Greenwich is on the DLR and its only 15 mins to London Bridge station.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good Location	We stayed at this hotel on 8th August. We were very impressed with the location of the hotel. We were put in room 222, which was overlooking the courtyard. Free parking also!!! a big bonus, especially in london. The room was very nice,with complimentary fruit, tea, coffee etc. THe only thing that spoilt such a good night, was people using the courtyard at 1.00am and waking us up with their noise, no respect for others!!! We had a nice breakfast in the morning. Would definitely recommend.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Hotel for Functions	Stayed two nights at weekend. Very convenient for Greenwich and the river. Good modern hotel in old building, nicely furnished, all mod cons, smallish rooms but Ok for 2 nights. Good breakfast. Noisy with wedding function but stopped exactly on midnight.	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent Value. Nice Place	Got a deal off lastminute.com for £240 for 3 nights with breakfast. Hotel and room were both smart and comfortable and staff were very helpful. Breakfast was also very enjoyable (you can think of it, it was there). Ample parking on site and only 10mins from tube station into London.	
Jul 21 2009 	easy to recommend this hotel	This is a smart and professional hotel in a very good location for the National Maritime Museum (its next door) and the Royal Observatory Greenwich. My room ws on the first floor, it was not very large but was in good condition and had every thing you would expect to find, there was a bath and plenty of hot water in the shower. The bed was comfortable, and the free wireless internet worked perfectly. I enjioyed the buffett breakfast; this offered a good version of the standard choices. I paid just over 100 quid for B&amp;B, and I and my colleagues thought this was a good price for such a nice hotel in such a good location.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great location	The hotel is located right next to Greenwich park, in the centre of Greenwich. Bus stop right outside the hotel. The room appeared as somewhat old and worn, but clean. The bed was a bit too hard and the mattresses are probably not among the most expensive ones. I put a couple of duvets on top of the mattress – then it was ok for a couple of nights. The hotel could certainly benefit from more friendly receptionists. A customer service course is recommended. Nice coffee/tea bar, with free internet access.	
Jun 30 2009 	Overpriced	Stayed here in June 2009. As it was the weekend of the Greenwich festival, it was perfect location.The hotel itself looks great from the outside, the reception area was nice enough. The room was very basic, small and dated. Definately not worth the price of £380 for 3 nights, but thankfully only cost £177. The weather was extremely hot and it appears the hotel does not cater for this. The windows could not be opened fully and the little that it did open, did not manage to bring in any air at all. No air conditioning in the room, so had to get a fan from reception.Spent most of our time travelling to the other side of London - so would not stay here again.The pub near the park is a nice place for a drink - always busy.	
Jun 23 2009 	What a lovely surprise!	We booked the Devonport for location and convenience as attending a concert at the O2. After reading a few bad reviews about 'tired rooms' and 'staff didn't want to be there' we were very pleasantly surprised. On arrival the Receptionist could not have been more helpful if he had tried, and our room was a good size and newly refurbished. We had a lovely view of the gardens and we were not trouble with noise from the road. Just a couple of minutes walk to the pier to catch the Thames Clipper to the O2, so no hassle with bus or tubes. Greenwich was a pleasant surprise, with lots of good places to eat and a lovely little market. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great for the Price	Stayed here for 1 night for a concert at th O2. Room clean and comfortable. Bathroom nice and shower great. Bus 188 outside goes straight to the o2 (£2 door to door) Got there in about 15 mins (in rush hour) as most of the route is bus lane. If you're considering staying here, get yourself on the devere mailing list...we got our room for £19 for the night. Fab location for Greenwich Park, Cutty sark (when its rebuilt) and Greenwich market. Free parking at the hotel is an excellent bonus	
Jun 16 2009 	book a twin room! floor creak	Great location. Room small, and quality made bed only the minimum size for a UK double bed (see pics). Too small for the 166/7 cm tall, 54/60 kgs authors so we suggest try a twin room. Avoid attic rooms (allocated last to unlucky guests who arrive later in the day apparently), Hotel is quiet from traffic BUT the upper floor boards creak terribly and that may keep light sleepers awake. Larger guests may find this hotel a very trying stay. Bathroom floor was sticky under bare foot. TV small portable only. Get a GREAT breakfast at Rhodes Cafe in Town and eat inside Greenwich Park if on room only. Good parking for cars, and 188 bus will take you to club and venues in the 02 Dome, or to London center. Very close to the park and Greenwich centre. Near to Docklands Light railway way. Recommend to small friends at the right price. No comment on services e.g. breakfast because we ate out. Check in &amp; check out fast, friendly and fine. One night stop in room 409 at £79.	
May 27 2009 	Great location pity the staff dont want to be there.	No rooms are large in London but these were pretty pokie. We were on the third floor, the person above walked all night and you could hear everything. London city airport is nearby and the constant plane noise from 5.am can be a pain. As with any seasoned traveller these can be overcome with ear plugs.Any request for assitance, be it late check out our enquiring about a safe deposit were all met with a one word reply. Terrific looking building from the outside however go to the Novotel if you're staying around Greenwich. Also no air con. Definitely not a summer hotel. Finishing on a positive, great location!!!	
May 25 2009 	Very convenient	This is a nice hotel if you like to stay in Greenwich. With the DLR Greenwich is not so far away from the rest of London, so it is also good value if you are not stuck on staying in Central London. Though mainly a business hotel--I was there attending a conference--it is also nice if you happen to take your family along as I did. Remember though, if you are using the limousine service recommended or ordered by the hotel, to check what you should be paying beforehand at the reception. We were suggested one fare by reception but our driver demanded more until we used the reception quote to bring him to heel.	
May 21 2009 	Fabulous location great value but tired rooms.	The location of this hotel is brilliant. Visiting Greenwich is a favourite of ours and should be in the top 10 for any visitor to London. Devonport House is just right for such a visit. It offers free parking and a location right next to The National Maritime Museum, The Royal Observatory, The Old Royal Naval College and the amazing Trinity College of Music.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the reception area was bright and welcoming. We had a double room on an upper floor which was a very good size. The cost was £79 for the night. We stayed on a room only basis and so did not eat in the hotel. There are plenty of places to eat in Greenwich.Our only negative comment is that the room we had was tired and in need of a refurb and some tlc. The upper corridors were similar. These did not match the modern facilities in other parts of the hotel. Oh, and check-out is 9.30 am! Enjoy.	
May 20 2009 	Nice Hotel - Great Location for O2 Greenwich and 20 mins from central London	We stayed at the Devonport for 3 nights in mid-May 2009. The hotel is in a great location in the heart of beautiful Greenwich, London. I would say that the hotel was pretty nice but lacks some facilities of a decent 4 star. Our room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was a good size with plenty of towels and some complimentary shower stuff. However, I was disappointed by the lack of TV channels (just BBC 1, 2, ITV, C4, Five, Sky News and Sky 1and a couple of radio channels) there was no foriegn channels nor pay-per-view. The TV was really old fashioned too - surely every hotel has gone flat-screen by now??Also, there is no individual air-conditioning in each room - only adjustable radiators (which are a tad noisy). We slept with the windows open which was fine for May however if you're a light-sleeper you will be disturbed by numerous Police sirens (well it is South London!) and airplanes heading into Heathrow. I can imagine that in the height of summer the rooms must be pretty muggy.There is some room service - standard burgers/sandwiches etc but it only operates between 6pm and 10pm and is pretty pricey. On that note - the breakfast buffet was really nice (usual juices/cereals/croissants etc plus a good hot buffet) HOWEVER the price is extortionate - £14.50 per person! Bear this in mind if you don't have a B&amp;B deal.There is a bar at the hotel but it's a little like an airport lounge - not much atmos.On the upside the staff were friendly and attentive - we had a problem with our sink that was repaired immediately - and there's a nice touch of complimentary umbrellas to use.The hotel location is great if you want/need to be in Greenwich. It's a 10 minute walk to Greenwich Station which will get you to London Bridge/Charing Cross in about 15 minutes. It's a 5 minute walk to the Cutty Sark Docklands Light Railway station which will get you to Bank tube station in 22 minutes (and is an amazing ride through the skyscrapers of Canary Warf). For the O2 arena we took the Thames Clipper boat which was great fun and took only about 10 mins to get there (£5 pp each way). The Clipper runs back after each event too - we took the bus back though which took about 20 mins. We also used the Thames Clipper service on Sunday to get us to central London - awesome ride!! They really floor it up to Tower Bridge - great fun and incredible views. The service wasn't particularly busy so we didn't stop anywhere 'till we got to Embankment and the journey took just 20 mins. Brilliant.Tip for the O2 Arena - we found the place a little sterile. There are loads of bars and restaurants but it's like being in a shopping mall. The staff will tell you that there are no other pubs nearby outside the arena. HOWEVER, if you walk out of the main entrance and head down the main road keeping the David Beckham Football Academy on your left and the main car parks on your right within 10 minutes you'll arrive at The Pilot pub. Good booze, good food and a lovely beer garden.Greenwich itself is so beautiful. As well as the parks and the Naval Museum/Trinity College there's loads of great, quirky shops and the indoor market is cool to walk round. There's loads of buzzy bars and restaurants too. The Gipsy Moth pub by the (burnt down) Cutty Sark is great. Funky, friendly staff and a lovely, large beer garden out the back. Also, try the pub at the top end of the market (can't remember the name). It's a little rough &amp; ready but there is a seating area undercover (of the market) with really powerful heaters in the roof - great for keeping dry and warm.In summary, The Devonport House is in a great location and is clean and comfortable. It's nice - but not special. By the way we got 3 nights over a weekend for a total of £217 on lastminute - so it was pretty good value too.hope this helps.	
May 2 2009 	Great hotel would definitely recommend it.	My husband and I stayed for one night at the Devonport House Hotel, as we were going to a concert at the O2. We did not see much of the hotel as we were out for most of the time, but the check in staff and the breakfast staff were very friendly and helpful. We arrived at the hotel before check in but the staff did not see this as a problem and allocated us a room almost immediately. We offered to come back later but they would not hear of it! The hotel was spotlessly clean, our room was too. The bed was so comfy, the room very clean, the towels were great. There was no noise at night, our room overlooked a cemetry so there was no noise from there (thankfully)!! The buffet breakfast (included in our package) was good, lots of choice, but the hot buffet could have been a bit warmer though! The hotel is in the heart of Greenwich next to the maritime museum and Greenwich Park. It is a very short stroll to find pubs, restaurants, shops and Greenwich Market. It is also close to the DLR/underground station, buses, and boats. It is very easy to get to the O2. The location is excellent and so is the free cark park, a bonus in London. We checked out and left our car in the carpark while we had a wander around the market and Greenwich Park, it was great not having to worry about the car and car park charges. A gem of an hotel in an excellent position.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good location 	Stayed at the Devonport for one night in March.Its is a bit of a hidden gem as it is located in a perfect location for both central London and Greenwich.Managed to get an excellent deal for a 1 x night stay, hotel has good facilities and the room was warm and well furnished. Bar area is a little strange/small but other than it is a perfectly good hotel and would definitely recommend.	
Apr 2 2009 	Very happy with our choice	We got a very cheap room at this hotel (£29 - without breakfast) and were a little apprehensive. It was a happy surprise, however. While it is obviously a conference-style hotel, the room was a reasonable size, the bed was excellent and the bathroom clean with a good shower. We overlooked the carpark and had a very quiet night. We opted to breakfast in the hotel and were happy with the variety and quality for £7.50 each and the very cheerful service. We were practically the last to breakfast at 9.45am but were certainly not hurried, fresh food was cooked for us and extra coffee made. No-one chased us from the room. We left a bag at reception while we explored Greenwich and when we came back to collect it, needing to waste an hour before we got a train, we were directed to the comfy bar where there was free tea and coffee, biscuits and fruit. The staff were helpful and charming, we considered £44 for B&amp;B for two a bargain and would use the hotel again even though it is a little out of the city.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great Location	This is the second time we have stayed at the Devonport House. Great location for the museums in Greenwich, plenty of good bars and restaurants nearby and a short walk to the DLR /mainline station into central London and the river.The hotel itself is more of a conference/buisness hotel, but it has the advantage of free internet access, tea/coffee on tap and secure free parking. The room we had was more than adequate, plenty of space, clean and warm. Fantastic views over to Canary Wharf especially at night. Did notice quiet alot of noise at night not just from the main road but for some inconsiderate guests!Breakfast was included in the room rate, reasonable choice, but food not very hot , this wasn't helped by the fact that the plates were stone cold. Service was friendly enough though.The hotel is ideal as a base, as we were going to see a concert at the O2. Used the number 188 bus from opposite the hotel, great service takes you directly to the O2 and it runs 24 hours, so no need to worry about getting back to the hotel after the concert. It takes about half an hour to get into central London using the DLR/underground. For a more scenic route go by boat, there are plenty to choose from. On the whole had a really nice stay at the Devonport House and would not hesitate to stay there again when we next book a concert at the O2.	
Mar 19 2009 	Adequate	The room was reasonably furnished with complimentary toiletries and the location is brilliant for sight-seeing in the area. However, the checkout time of 9.30 am is ridiculous and it also meant that cleaners tried to clean rooms from 8 am which means no sleeping in if you went out late at night or if you simply want to have a leisurely morning.	
Feb 2 2009 	Not bad....	Stayed here for £10 on the winter sale for 1 night. Easy to find on Sat Nav... and the Greenwich area is a world heritage site.. which is a bonus. The other great thing about this place is the free car park... which is excellent and barrier protected. Train station into central london is about 10 mins walk away for convenience.Right the hotel itself is a little shabby, but expected for London standards. My room had dated carpets and a small 15&quot; screen (was expecting plasma screen from the website gallery photos!). Biscuits and tea provided. Double bed was ok. Bathroom is standard for london standards... perhaps a little bigger. Shower was powerful enough for me and generally speaking the room was CLEAN. Sound insulation could be better. Could clearly hear next door!!Overall for a tenner I couldn't fault it. Nice place to stay if you don't mind the commute into central london, which takes about 6 mins to get to London Bridge Train station from the station.	
Feb 1 2009 	Lovely Place	We booked a room here in the De Vere January sale and at £19 for the room, the value for money was excellent. Devonport House is very beautiful and its setting in Greenwich is really stunning. The check-in staff were polite and allowed us to keep our luggage in their office after check out, so we could explore Greenwich a little more.We didn't try the breakfast, considering it a bit pricey. There are plenty of cafes etc nearby, anyway. The only downside to this location is that it is out of the way of central London (although this is something of a positive too!) and involves using the DLR - the journey back at night seemed quite long.Overall though, this is a pleasant and welcoming hotel in amazing surroundings.	
Jan 11 2009 	lovely hotel great location	just come back , great location ,park at rear of hotel . 5 min walk into greenwich . nice pubs a nd restaurants. 5 min walk to dlr station . into london on dlr then returned on thames clipper catamaran 5 pound single ticket from house of parliament to greenwich .. again 5 min walk back to hotel ,,,,,,, great time	
Jan 3 2009 	nice hotel great location	We originally booked the novotel in greenwich through a website but got a phone call the following day to say they were fully booked. Instead they offered us Devonport House at no extra cost and we accepted.I have stayed in better 4 star hotels in terms of whats offered. The inside of Devonport house is not at all 'showy' or posh looking, it looks very modest infact. All the same i was pleasantly suprised and the other members of my party loved it! The rooms were large, clean and warm and our beds were really comfortable. Even the members of my party who have trouble sleeping in new environments, slept! I had a room overlooking the main road and i probably slept the least due to a weird noise coming from the road.Breakfast was very good with a good selection of english and continental.Location excellent - only 100 metres from Greenwich park and a 5 minute walk to cutty sark station.Would definately recommend to anyone!!	
Nov 14 2008 	Convienient hotel for Greenwich and the O2	Hotel was booked by company, so had no choice but thought with the De Vere name would be a good hotel.Whilst nothing was 'wrong' this hotel failed to sparkle, being a very average hotel, with a much smaller than expected bedroom. All rooms are 'standard' which means little more than a bed, en-suite and a desk - which for one night, when you're off to see a show at the O2 is all you need!The hotel is a short walk from the river taxi (ideal for getting to / from the O2 arena) and easy access for public transport - the hotel also provides FREE PARKING!!! Wish l'd known this before getting the train!!Breakfast was the usual buffet affair with (unfortunately) cold food but plenty of (HOT) coffee!All in all, an OK hotel - don't know how much we paid, but hope wasn't too much!	
Oct 6 2008 	Excellent value for money	Just come back from a weekend at the Devonport House. We paid £150 for a double room for two nights b&amp;b. Excellent value for money in London and not what we were expecting at all. The room was great, clean with plenty of room and a good bathroom. The breakfast was brilliant loads of choice and very cheerful staff - although if I was not on b&amp;b rate I don't think I would have paid the £15 stand alone charge. If you are looking to stay in Greenwich absolutely brilliant location would definitely recommend to anyone!	
Sep 27 2008 	Fantstic little gem with 1st class staff!!!!	Stayed at Deveonport for 1 night - staff are simply fantastic !!!!!! - breakfast was divine with tonnes of choice. Location is wonderful - metres from Greenwich park and short walk from water front.This is a real gem of a hotel [ a little secret place ] and very reasonably priced at £79.00 per night for a double room. If you want 2 experience something special then go to Devonport - its a real treat. We were there for 1 night and I feel like I have had a 2 week break - it was a joy from start to finish. wow!!Ms R Ayton :-)	
Sep 13 2008 	Pretty ood	I went to Greenwhich for a friends wedding, she booked me this hotel and it was really nice. It is pricey, but after a 2 star in Paris this was a nice change!	
Sep 10 2008 	Brilliant hotel	An overnight stay at this hotel was given to us by our daughter for having her children to stay with us. She thought that it would be nicer than flowers and worked out at about the same price due to their special birthday offer rate.We couldn't have had better service from any member of staff, all of whom were polite, friendly, obliging and looking happy!The room was very comfortable and the breakfast was excellent.The fact that we could park there was such a bonus and even after we had checked out they were more than happy for us to leave the car there while we went for a walk around Greenwich Park which was on the doorstep.So much to do in the area and would recommend buying an £8 day ticket on the Thames clipper.Would highly recommend this hotel for anyone and congratulations to all the staff we encountered for their friendliness and helpfulness.	
Aug 28 2008 	Devonport recommended	We booked to stay through the internet as the rates were cheaper than booking direct. Our stay was for a family wedding.Hotel in fabulous location and we were happy with the room, and staff. Particular mention to the food for the wedding supper which was top class. They could not have done more to make the day go splendidly. Thank you.If you are staying for a weekend break, good rooms (but very warm). Great location easy walking distance of park, tourist attractions, bars and restaurants. Definitely recommended. Even had free London parking!	
Jul 30 2008 	Great for the O2 Arena	I was looking for a hotel close to the O2, but this was far above my expectations. It is a conference centre, so the 'internet cafe' was included in the price, which was excellent - good free computers and lots of easy chairs and work space. Tea, coffee, fruit, biscuits, etc. available all day. The bar is excellent with access to the courtyard where we had evening drinks and breakfast. The hotel is right next to Greenwich Park with the Observatory - a must to visit. The Cutty Sark is unfortunately out of action until 2010 because of the fire, but it is only three minutes on foot. The O2 is easy to reach by fast boat (£5 return) or the 188 bus. Greenwich village is buzzing with lots to see. Highly recommended.	
Jul 29 2008 	Nice Hotel - Great Location for O2 or Visiting Greenwich!	We picked this Hotel as it was the closest one I could find to the O2 arena (we're were going to see Michael Buble, who was fab!) The hotel is right in the middle of Greenwich with Greenwich park and all the attration around it. Parking at the hotel is free. Receptionist could have been more friendly. The Rooms were clean, but a little run down for a London hotel, but perfectly nice for one nights stay. Breakfast in the morning was ok, nice buffet with plenty of choice. We only had one drink in the bar as it closed by 11.00pm. Great location for the O2, we travelled to the O2 via the Thames Clipper. Greenwich pier is 5 mins walk from the hotel. The thames clipper takes you straight to the O2 arena and you can do the same on your return journey ( the thames was lovely at nigh, the clipper runs til midnight). Make sure you get a ticket early and make sure you get a return as the que coming back from the O2 is huge! You can also do a crusie from Greenwhich to see all the sites of London from the Thames.	
Jun 23 2008 	Wonderful Hotel in a great location.	Booked this hotel on a last minute decision on Saturday 22nd June 2008.Was going to O2 arena to see Neil Diamond, he was fantastic - what a performer.I searched Greenwich hotels and was amazed to find a room still available for saturday night.Got a really reduced rate with breakfast.Room on 3rd floor was very spacious, clean and well presented.Comfortable large beds.Walked round the corner to the Cafe Rouge restrauant for dinner (very reasonable for such a nice place) and then we headed down to the pier to catch the 'clipper' over to the O2. Lovely 10 minute boat trip down the thames and even better on the way back seeing the London sights all lite up.Sunday morning - After a fantastic all you can eat buffet breakie with sooo much choice, we walked around the park next door.Another bonus is free parking.Enjoyed this stay and WILL do the same overnight stay again very soon.Already booked for my entire family to stay at the Devonport in December when we will be going to the O2 for another concert.Summary : Great hotel in a wonderful location.	
Jun 14 2008 	a new discovery	My fiancé and I stayed at the Devonport hotel for the first time last weekend and found it to be great little find having both lived in Greenwich and regular visitors to Greenwich we never even knew it was there! We only discovered it when we done a late internet search as we normally stay at a large hotel in the area but we will definitely book again! The location was absolutely superb and we got a great room on the front overlooking the naval college, canary wharf and gardens. Having read some other reviews about the rooms being hot we were slightly concerned that that may be a problem as it was the hottest weekend of the year so far but found the room absolutely fine . So may be wise to ask for a room on the front as I have a feeling it may be north facing. Staff friendly enough and plenty of choice for breakfast with the typical choice of full English or fresh fruit and smoothies if you want a healthier option as well as cereals and porridge so can’t really complain! We will definitely book again as the parking is free and everything Greenwich has to offer is a stones throw away.	
Jun 9 2008	Our stay at the hotel was okay!	We stayed two nights at the Devonport House, we found the staff were helpful. The conference room below our bedroom was being used and was very noisy on the first night, but the staff were willing to change our room to a quieter location within the hotel. Though the second room did smell a bit of sick! Also the room did really need to be decorated again as there were lots of damp marks on the ceiling. Overall our stay was okay, the room was small and needed to be refurbished but the staff were helpful and the location of the hotel is superb within Greenwich.	
May 27 2008	Devonport House-Fantastic	I read with interest comments from this website about someone stay in April.All I can say they must have been having a bad day.I have stayed at Devonport House many times,and have to say I goe total value for money,clean bedrooms,and when I did have a problem they were attentive and responsive.I would certainly without hesitation recommend this Hotel to friends.The staff and facilities are first class and well above 5 star rated Hotels in LondonIts the way the treat and speak to people is what you get in returnMr April 2008	
Apr 7 2008 	Poor service - Not a relaxing break	We picked this hotel as it is very well situated in Greenwich and not too far from the O2 venue as we were attending a concert there. The rooms, although very small, were clean and comfortable. The problem was that we were made to feel quite unwelcome. We found the staff to be very negative rather than helpful. On arrival (Saturday mid afternoon, we ordered a taxi at reception. When it did not arrive on time we requested that reception should chase it up, despite reminding them several time we were just forgotten. Eventually we were on our way (NO thanks to the reception).We returned back to the hotel at approx 11.20pm and though that we would have a nightcap before turning in. Ths was a mistake. After waiting ages to order a drink we were &quot;threatened&quot;with the command that the bar is now closed and this will be the only drink that we could order, anything further would have to be ordered via the reception and that only bottles could then be purchased. The barman was very blunt and un-helpful. The bar then closed leaving perhaps 20-30 people still there.I complained at the time but the duty manager was of no help. After the weekend I attempted to contact De Vere's head office. Ths was also a major problem as all efforts to speak to somebody in authority seemed to be blocked with the reply &quot;speak to the hotel&quot; I explained that as the hotel had fallen very short of it's promise I would like to discuss the problem with a member of management outside of the hotel. This has so far proved impossible...............To sum up, we did not have the promised relaxing break and would not recommend or use this hotel or group again.The information guide in the room welcomes you with the line &quot;Let us make your day&quot; and continues inside with two quotes, the first of which is this.....&quot;There is less to fear from outside competition than from inside inefficiency, discourtesy and bad service.Perhaps the should take more note of this and provide courteous service instead of just talking about it	
Apr 1 2008 	Good value	A good quality hotel (no aircon) with easy access to central London (£89 for a double with B&amp;B) and next door to the National Maratime Museum. Room sizes good for a London hotel &amp; clean with a good bathroom. Breakfast buffet good providing you avoid peak times which are posted in the lifts. We did not dine as the menu was rather short &amp; uninteresting but there are lots of good restaurants within a short walk of the hotel. A good choice for visiting London without the hassle of a city centre hotel which invariably charge high prices and are poor value. Could get hot in the summer as there appears to be no aircon and the fire doors were illegally jammed open. Staff generally friendly.	
Jan 19 2008 	totaly average	Myself and my friend stayed at this hotel in january as we were atending a concert at the o2 arena, the room was of average size and adequate for what we needed. however there were a few little nigles that hindered our stay when we arrived they didnt seem to have our booking in the system we were then left standing around with no explanation or more importantly no apology. myself and my friend both work in a hotel which focuses hugely on customer service so we posibly, to be fair have higher expectations than most, but this hotel certainly does not focus there atention to customer service, we had to ask for directions to the room and also for meal times etc and when we tried to order a bottle of house wine from the night porter he seemed very put out and after 15 mins looking he told us that they only had one bottle of wine avaiable and it was twice the price of the house wine..on the hotels website they estimate that a taxi from Kings Cross station is aprox £15.00 it is actualy nearer £40.00 and the leisurely stroll to the 02 arena that they advertise is actually a 20 min car journey with several busy roads and round abouts.to negotiate.however haven said all this for what we needed the hotel was fine i just wouldnt recomen it as a leisure venue	
Dec 4 2007 	Great place to stay	We have just returned from a one night stay at this hotel. With free parking and right next to the maritime museum, it is in a great location. You can catch a shuttle up and down the river or jump on the tube. Greenwich park is just behind the hotel, which was lovely for a stroll in the morning, to walk off our cooked breakfast. Our room was fairly small but clean and we asked for a room at the back, so it was quieter. Staff were pleasant and helpful. We went to the 02 arena for an exhibition and then a concert in the evening. We stepped out of the hotel and straight onto the number 188 bus which took us straight to the arena. At £4.00 return each, it was so easy. When we made the return journey at 11.00 p.m. the bus was there again - great! Breakfast was included which was a good standard and overall it is a good hotel for a short stay. Very much business based, but ideal and reasonably priced for such a great location.	
Oct 1 2007 	A great hotelgreat location	We stayed at the Devonport on 29 September 2007. There is plenty of free parking, the location is great. It is right next to the maritime museum and really central for shops. The room was nicely furnished and the bathroom was clean and had a good shower. Breakfast was included in the price and this was nicely presented in a light and airy restaurant. We would definitely use this hotel again.	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at the Devonport House for three nights in August to see a couple of concerts at the O2. Location - excellent, on top of the Royal Park, Maritime Museum and Royal Observatory (and Cutty Sark once the renovations are completed). Parking - free, which is a real bonus for London. Room - average size, spotlessly clean and good bathroom. Food - can only comment on breakfast which was excellent, hot buffet was actually hot and staff very friendly. Only slight complaint was mistake on the bill when when we checked out, but this was quickly amended.Easy 15 minute bus ride to the O2, or about £8-£10 in a taxi. Super little pub round the corner called the King's Arms for good food.	
Sep 14 2007 	Excellent location friendly staff and value for money	We stayed here in April 2007 on a quick visit to London to see a show. We stayed in Greenwich as we also wanted to visit the Maritime Museum and Royal Observatory. The Devonport Hotel was a lovely place to spend the night. It has a fabulous location in the centre of Greenwich right next door to the park. It has excellent parking and extremely friendly and helpful staff. The rooms aren't huge but are well appointed and comfortable. Clean and airy with a good bathroom. Our room also had a pleasant view. Breakfast was plentiful and good. It was easy to get to the West End by simply catching the river taxi. It was a wonderful way to spend a Saturday night and we are trying to find an excuse to revisit Devonport House again soon.	
Sep 11 2007 	Super Hotel	We Booked this hotel for it's location, near O2 Arena. It wasn't the cheapest in the area but it certainly rated one of the best. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was excellent, breakfast was very good and we were seated by the most cheerful bouncy person We've ever met, he brightened the start of the day. would definately use this hotel again.	
Aug 30 2007 	GOOD HOTEL	thought the location was great - just a short stroll to Greenwich Pier and some decent pubs for a drink and a bit of lunch - just a short cab ride to the 02 arena for the Rolling Stones gig we came up for - our room was spotlessly clean, light and airy - with a view over the park. buffet breakfast was good too. the hotel had free parking which was a bonus. the reception staff were pleasant and helpful - it wasn't the cheapest around i expect but you definately got value for money - would recommend it	
Aug 4 2007 	Generally good	Best location within Greenwich, and after seeing reviews for the other 2 major hotels in the town there was no sensible alternative. Room was spotlessly clean and very airy. Mattress and pillows were too firm (I sell bedroom furniture and am of average weight so know that most guests might agree!) Staff always courteous and attentive. Only smalll complaint was that the hotel seemed inundated on Saturday morning at breakfast and checkout, as if 170 guests had suddenly arrived unexpectedly. However, the free limitless internet access allowed me to write this review while I waited for the queue to diminish. 8/10	
Jul 31 2007	Simply Wonderful	Excellent staff, excellent room, excellent location, I will return!From check in to check out my stay at this hotel was wonderful, I checked in with my partner early just after mid day not expecting to find a room availble, however we were given a spacious room that was clean and comfortable on the 4th floor.Reception staff were polite, attentative and friendly.Breakfast was a delight and again the breakfast room staff were very friendly polite and looked happy in their job.Room overlooked the observatory and was very quiet, just 1 fault was the window didnt open enough for me.Hotel location is in central Greenwich	
Jul 23 2007 	Great Location	Very good location in the heart of Greenwich and better value than the Novotel (which is also very good).The advantage was easy car parking and you have easy access to public transport into London (by DLR).Room was clean and spacious and staff friendly and helpful. I will use it again if driving into this part of London.	
Jun 18 2007 	excellent!	we had the chance of a very low price weekend tariff (50 pounds a day the double room, breakfast included) and decided to stay there, though not so near to london town. Anyway Greenwich is interesting and beautiful place, well connected to london through DLR. the hotel location is really excellent, almost inside the Greenwich Park and the Royal Naval college.Our room was a good size, luminous with two windows, an excellent double bed and new furniture, with useful facilities. The bathroom was also large enough. We had not a particularly nice view, but some rooms have wiev on the park.The room and the hotel is really clean and comfortable. English breakfast really good. We also had dinner there once, and is was a good one and not particularly expensive.Staff was really kind and friendly.I don't know if we would have chosen that hotel if more expensive, but now that we've been there I say that I would certainly pay the double (even more, if we could afford it).	
Jun 6 2007 	Great location	Great location. Close enough to London for a night out but plenty to see and do locally. Staff friendly and helpful. Breakfast good. Well worth another visit.	
Mar 22 2007 	very friendly staff good food and high standards	Although this is undoubtedly primarily a conference centre, I found that the hotel side of it worked very well indeed. All the staff were friendly, quick, efficient and courteous. My room was quiet, spotlessly clean, well furnished and comfortable and I enjoyed an excellent dinner - at a very good price! I was here to do some work for the University of Greenwich and the hotel is right on the doorstep. It is 5 minutes walk from Cutty Sark DLR station, providing easy access to Canary Wharf and the city of London. I will certainly go back there - and this time I might actually get the chance to see something of Greenwich's rich history!	
Jan 28 2007 	An upmarket dorm room	This is a conference venue that doubles as a hotel, located right in the middle of Greenwich. The buildings have been well restored, but the whole experience is much like being in an upmarket dorm, with the bathrooms added into rooms, making them quite small and cramped, and conference delegates busy learning -- or more often boozing -- all around you. The odd cracked floor tile in the Bathroom, a door that scrapes across the floor and a slightly stained bedspread completed the image. Breakfast was OK, was in buffet style but it was a bit of scrum to find a table. It might be better in the summer when the terrrace is open. The staff, though, were pretty helpful and history is on one's side in such a historic venue as this. Still, at £109 at the weekend it seemed a little pricey to me. Try the brand new Novotel 400 yards to the West!	
Jan 3 2007 	Devonport Delight	Stayed at the Devonport House Hotel on New Years Day and was pleasantly surprised by this tucked away gem. There was some confusion initially with my booking and the reception wasn't fast coming in trying to sort it out (as they were &quot;very busy today madam&quot;, which really wasn't an adequate response in my opinion. However, the hotel itself made up for this slow start. Cleanliness is key here as is the restaurant manager at breakfast!. Other down sides are - no mini bar(!!) and no information on the local area available. TV channels in the room - most of the Sky channels couldn't be used as it was asking for the viewing card - no channel 5 either (but then that's probably a blessing). Rooms are small but clean and adequate for a 4-Star. Breakfast is good also with a rather cheerful chap at the door. All in all, excellent location, excellent hotel - would use again but would check and double-check my booking first!	
Oct 30 2006 	Excellent choice - Excellent value - Historic Greenwich	My three-night stay in October proved to be an excellent choice. The hotel offers exceptionally clean rooms, comfortable beds, fully fitted bathrooms (with marble tops). Toiletries provide are better than average.Reception was efficent and professional.Breakfast was very good with a good selection of hot and cold food on offer. I was pleased to received hot coffee (so difficult to actually get a hot cup).I would recommend the restaurant for evening meals as my Rib-Eye steak was the best I have tasted in years.The location is in a quite spot in Greenwich, though all that you will need to see is a few minutes walk away. Good connections into central London - we used the river taxi each day (4 minutes walk from the hotel).If you visit London I would recommend that you put this hotel high on your list.Overall, very much better than expect, and I got a lot more than I paid for.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great location	Booked this only for its proximity to a wedding we were going to so had no high expectations, but we were very pleased with our choice. The room was adequate although small - would not have wanted to stay more than a night. Everything you needed was there (TV bizarrely complicated to operate). Staff were very helpful and friendly and breakfast was good. The best thing was the location and parking. Greenwich park is a few steps away and the bars, restaurants, shops and tourist attractions are all within a couple of minutes walk.	
Oct 14 2006	Keep it a secret!	We stayed here for a wedding (offsite) and were extremely impressed. Rooms are perfectly adequate for 2, and would just about fit a travel cot if needed. Very clean and modern, with a surprisingly spacious bathroom and great shower/bath. I rang beforehand to clarify the check out time, website says 9am but the very friendly man answering explained it's 10.30 on weekends, which is fine. Staff polite and helpful, a very cheery breakfast supervisor kept everything runnning smoothly despite a full restaurant and one chef! Lovely breakfast (included) with proper sausages instead of the usual mush you get. Pastries had been sitting out a while, but didn't bother us. Location is excellent. I think this place beats the Ibis hands down for what you get, and would definitley stay here again. Secure car park too - makes it perfect as parking in Greenwich is a nightmare on weekends. We checked out, left the car there and had a great day.	
Sep 1 2006 	A Hidden Gem	We stayed at the Devonport over the August Bank Holiday weekend. The staff were friendly, the place was clean and very well furnished, and the breakfast was out of this world. Also, we were able to park our car in a safe and secure place for the entire weekend - at no extra cost. The hotel is centrally situated in Greenwich itself with easy access to all of Docklands. We will definitely visit again and it is excellent value for money if you book, as we did, on Laterooms	
Aug 22 2006 	Mediocre at best	Stayed there recently for a wedding - we got to the hotel at 12:30 but were told we could not check in before 2pm so we just left our stuff in the car; parked in the secure hotel car park and went to the wedding.On our return we checked in to find the room of an adequate size but absolutley stinking of smoke - it was like the Marlboro man had lived in the room for 3 weeks without opening a window - being after midnight and staying for only one night there was not a lot we could do so we just opened the windows and put up with it.There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room which consist of 2 mugs, 1 teapot, 1 kettle, 2 teabags, 2 sachets of coffee, 4 pots of milk, 4 bags of sugar (brown) and 2 teaspoons. It would have been nice for us to have the option of having a cup of tea in the evening and in the morning...Breakfast at the hotel is OK - the food is reasonable and has a decent variety, however the breakfast room/restaurant is pathetically small and as such you'll have to stand and wait for a table to become available - really poor design for a hotel of this size.The staff generally were polite but not helpful - you were given the impression that you were being tolerated as a necessary evil rather than as a welcome guest.Last but not least - and not really the hotel's fault - Grenwich is a nightmare to get to by car - do not even consider trying to drive there without a good A-Z as there are very few sign posts and no direct route.	
Jul 24 2006 	Terrible	I've never given a hotel such a low score before. Then again, I've never been quite so underwhelmed by a conference centre, nor quite so offended by the useless and unhelpful staff. Never again.	
Jun 26 2005 	Perfectly functional	This is a reasonable hotel to stay in with all the facilities you may need for a short or business break. The rooms are of an adequate size, and are perfectly clean. But probably the best thing about this hotel is that - for me anyway - parking was included in the overall price, which is a godsend in London! The exterior of the hotel and surrounding area is also very impressive. A good hotel and a good price.	
May 1 2005	Excellent Value and a good location	Looking for a base for visiting London, then this is it. Next to the Maritime museum opposite the royal observatory, free secure parking with plenty of pubs and places to eat, with the added bonus of being only 200 yds from the DLR (Tube) and the Cutty Sark. Rooms are clean and compact, good breakfast, free internet and under £40 pppn. I've been twice and I will without doubt use it again.	
Mar 17 2005	Great Weekend Value		
Mar 9 2005	Fabulous		
Feb 14 2005 	Exceptional		
Aug 2 2004	Location location location!		
Jun 12 2004	Nice place excellent location but.....		
Jun 9 2004 	loved the devonport		
Mar 7 2004	Great weekend rates!		
Oct 14 2003	Absolutely average for a conference centre		
Sep 4 2003	A winner in Greenwich!		
Aug 27 2003	perfect in every way		
Sep 4 2007 	Bel hôtel		
Aug 17 2007 	Muy buen hotel al que regresaría.		
