Aug 16 2009 	Perfect hotel if you are in London to sightsee and eat!	We stayed here for 12 days in early August and I must agree with the review that suggests the stairs are a pain! But, besides that it was a great hotel. It is located down a quieter street, but sometimes people do come by and cars drive by. It happens, it is in London!Positives: A fantastic receptionist. She was so helpful and so friendly. She even let us use her computer to print out a voucher for a tour we were doing.Great location only 5min from Bayswater Tube station and 10min from Queensway Tube station as well. So many different restaurants in the area - Greek, Italian, Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Lebanonese, Persian, Indian, American, Brazilian, etc plus a Starbucks, McDonalds, Burger King, and Cinnabon.... It was all so good! Safe neighborhood with a mall and Marks &amp; Spencers close by.We had a private bathroom, but I know not all rooms (possibly the singles) have a toilet.Included breakfast next door was great and worth getting up for it. I had an English Breakfast one morning and it was fabulous. In a package deal with flight, we only paid about 40 BPS per night for the hotel. Great value in London!Negatives:Stairs - but know this ahead of time because there is no elevator (lift).No A/C - but we did have a fan. It was warm, but overall Europe does not have the need for A/C that we do in the USA.Overall: I would stay here again. It was warm after taking a shower and the stairs were a pain, but it was a good workout and the location is well worth it. Dropping your key off next door is not a problem and contrary to what someone else said on here, it is easy and not a pain. Many hotels in Europe make you do this. Next time though, I am packing light!	
Aug 13 2009 	"If it weren't for the stairs...."	it'd be almost perfect. However, I cannot travel &quot;light&quot;, when I'm away from home as long as I usually am, and being faced with three flights of stairs is always a real dampener to any trip. Luckily, we were there for 5 nights, so I only had to tackle them twice with my baggage, but due to ill~health... I'm not terribly fit anyway, and every traipse up the stairs was far from fun. Apparently our room type option wasn't available on any other floor. *sighs*That, out of the way.... in all other aspects it was fine. Quiet and relatively cool, which are big plusses in my book, although I'd rather hotels invested in working ceiling fans, at least, or air conditioning, rather than televisions, which I never watch! However, it wasn't in the middle of a London heat~wave and there was a floor fan, and we could keep the window open, but at other times I think that could be a big issue, in hotter weather. We didn't have an issue with having to hand in the key. It worked out well for us as the two of us came and went separately, a lot of the time. Very friendly staff. Location good... excellent even. Everything you could possibly want in London close at hand (public transport, eateries, pubs, shops of every description and a plethora of other services). Oh, and the room size was small, but we fitted two large suitcases, and other assorted bags, but it IS what one expects in London in this price range, and I've stayed in worse situations in B&amp;Bs before!	
Jun 15 2009 	quaint and cute	There must be large disparities in room quality depending on the the room that you get, but I found my triple quite pleasant. The staff was really nice and the whole key thing really wasn't a big deal. I stayed for one night and the hotel was clean and tidy and very comforatble. The triple was a decent size room for an affordable European hotel and the bathroom was nice and spacious. I also saw a single that another friend stayed in and it was very very tiny (especially the bathroom), but still nice. The location was also great. Close to the Bayswater tube stop and there was cheap internet down the street on the 3rd floor of the mall.	
Apr 6 2009 	Don't stay if you can avoid it...	Stayed here 2 nights with teenaged children. Lovely receptionists (2). However, site that booked my reservation said that there were 88 parking spots (It's printed on my reservation) . There are none. Parking several blocks away at shopping center is 50 pounds for 24 hrs. I parked many blocks farther away for 19 pounds for 24 hours. If you don't care to walk-don't stay here. Bathroom reeked of barf and feces-and an incredibly strong deodorizer is used to mask bad smell. My clothes smelled of the deodorizer days later. Only plus is that it is about 3 blocks to subway. Won't stay here again.	
Mar 29 2009 	This is a dormatory not a hotel	First, be warned that this &quot;hotel&quot; expects you to leave your keys with them or their sister hotel next door every time you wish to leave the building and their reception is only open 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. so you always have to either buzz in or stop by next door to get a key and get buzzed into the building. Also, rooms are small and the whole place is in disrepair and not updated at all. There were stains on carpet and cieling. When we arrived, there was mold in the refrigerator which was not working and the door to the bathroom squeaked so loud it awoke everyone during the night. The staff did fix this after I insisted but it was all a terrible experience and not worth saving a few pounds per night.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great location staff and price	I am currently staying at this hotel for a total of 7 nights. I booked a few months ago through email and I immediately received a confirmation. The price for a single room as 59 pounds including bkft.Breakfast is at the partner hotel next door, and there is an option for continental buffet (free) or full English for extra 6.50.I only had the continental and for my taste it was very good- croissant, breads, toasts, jam, cheeses, ham, butter, cream cheese, fruits, juices, yogurt, cereal plus coffee or tea.The room is small, but with a comfortable bed and very clean. The bathroom has been recently renovated and looks decent.Staff from both hotels are very friendly and helpul.The only downside is that the walls are paper thin. If you have light sleep, you will be bothered by the other guests or people passing in the streets; not so much cars because it is a very quiet residential area.Btw, is has FREE wi-fi...	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Location friendly staff	This hotel was fine and served its purpose. The lady on reception was lovely! She offered us the choice of either a small double on the ground floor or a larger twin. We chose the double and it was fine for the 2 nights that we were there for. We only paid £65 a night which, in my opinion, was good value for the location (and the fact that I only booked the day before we went!)The room was quiet. It had everything that we needed including a fan, kettle, tea and coffee, shower etc.It is about a 200m walk to Bayswater tube station and there are loads of restaurants, bars and fast food outlets on the road with the tube station.I would stay here again as the location and staff were great!	
Feb 19 2009 	Not bad. Good for London for the price.	My girlfriend and I had a pretty uneventful stay at the Kensington Gardens Hotel, which in hotel terms is always a good thing.I booked the hotel at late notice for a surprise day/night out up the West End for Valentines Day. I wanted somewhere within walking/quick tube ride range of Knightsbridge and Kensington and it was perfect in that respect. It's just off Queensway which also means it's within strolling distance of Whiteleys and Westbourne Grove.The room was a bit pokey but I've stayed in smaller. Bed was comfortable, decent shower and little TV. My only real criticism is that the floorboards thoughout the hotel are a bit creaky and people moving about in the room above disturbed us a bit in the morning.Check in and out was very easy.I would recommend this hotel for a cheap, no-frills overnight stay close to London's tourist attractions.	
Nov 22 2008 	Good Choice	This hotel is a short walk from Bayswater tube station &amp; Kensington Gardens. The street in which it is situated is made of residential properties &amp; small hotels. Therefore, although you are only steps from Queensway with lots of shops, bars &amp; cafes, it is quiet. I arrived back late at night on my own &amp; did not feel at all uneasy by the surroundings.My single room was very small with an even smaller shower room, but it was clean &amp; comfortable. There was a TV, tea/coffee making facilities &amp; a hairdryer. After 6pm you need to collect your key from the next door Phoenix hotel &amp; be buzzed into the Kensington Gardens.The (very good) continental breakfast is also taken next door.All the members of staff were very polite &amp; friendly.All in all a good reasonably priced hotel in a very good location	
Nov 5 2008	A Great Budget Hotel in London	I originally booked this hotel because it got good reviews on Tripadvisor and I got a great package price (including air) on Expedia. I knew what to expect being that it was a budget hotel, but ended up rather pleased with our experience in staying there.This hotel was our home for a week and worked very well, as thus. We found the old building it was housed in charming and were surprised that the room was as large as it was, with such amenities as a coffee/tea maker and refrigerator. Yes, the floors were creaky and there were no elevators, but knowing this in advance, that was not a problem.The bathroom was much larger than I expected, even larger than my bathroom at home. And the tub was nice and big, which was really nice, as I wasn't expecting a bathtub at all. The water was always hot, too.The room was warm, but this was a good thing being that we visited London during a time of unseasonably cool weather. The beds were firm, but comfortable.A free continental breakfast every morning at the adjoining Phoenix Hotel next door was an added bonus.What really makes this hotel great, though, is its staff. They were always friendly and helpful and made our stay even that much more enjoyable.	
Sep 30 2008 	Exactly what we wanted....	I found this place on hotels.com. I went for a long weekend to London with 2 of my girlfriends, and we wanted to find a nice, clean place for not too much money!! We were VERY satisifed! We asked for a triple room, and it was very nice. 3 single beds, a clean, nice bathroom, with a veiw out to the quaint Kensington neighborhood outside our window. They made our beds everyday, and the lady at the front desk, ( I wish i would have gotten her name!!) was VERY sweet and helpful. It was about a 2 block walk to bayswater tube station, so it is pretty central and easy to get around. I could have easily stayed here a week, and will definitly reccomend it to friends. It is a nice, affordable choice.	
Sep 2 2008 	About Average For London.	Had to get a hotel in something of a hurry (less than two weeks) in London for an interview.We arranged for late check-in and on arrival (around 10pm) had to go back to the Holiday Inn back a few hundred yards.*Room - small, just enough room to get around the bed. A dresser, cupboard with a virtually useless fridge, a 14&quot; tv and basic tea and coffee facilities. The whole room just looked a little tired and dated. The floorboards were so squeeky - hope no-one was asleep downstairs. There is no A/C but they had set up a fan next to the window which was better than nothing as it was a fairly warm evening.*Bathroom - the best feature really, fairly recently refurbished, clean and tidy and a fair size. *Staff - the woman on reception was helpful and quite willing to do a few photocopies for us in the morning.*Location - 5/10 mins walk from two tube lines makes it fairly easy to get around and only a short walk to Hyde Park too.Overall what you get for the price in London seemed about average.	
Jul 29 2008 	Havn't found better value in such a great location...	Stayed in this hotel to attend a concert in nearby Hyde Park for only one night and couldn't have asked for better I could quite happily have stayed for a week. By London standards the room was very spacious and clean, the staff very friendly and helpful and there are a few nice extras that I wouldn't expect for this price for example a hairdryer in the bathroom and a nice little flat screen TV in the bedroom. The hotel is situated on a quiet side street and close by to tube stations and a couple of 24 hour shops which came in handy for some late night snacks. I felt very safe and comfortable staying here, I wouldn't hesitate to stay again if I needed accommodation this end of London.	
Jul 21 2008 	Quaint BuildingThin Walls	Kensignton Gardens has a great location (near grocery stores and the Tube) and a friendly reception desk clerk. I loved the quaint architecture of the building. The place was generally clean. I got a single room where I had to share a bath. I assumed that meant the shower and toilet would be down the hall. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I had a small shower and sink in the room. The toilet was down the stairs. That was fine, however, it was not stocked with toilet paper (I don't count the quarter roll that was there that had been wet and then left to dry as usable). So, I had to take out my emergency travel roll. This was a small inconvenience that I could handle, however, the worse part was the noise. I have learned my lesson about staying in low priced Central London hotels. For the second time in two years, I have stayed in inexpensive Central London hotels where I have gotten little to no sleep after a 10 hour flight from the States. The walls are incredibly thin and my neighbors spoke (and argued) loudly and had the television on at high decibels. Unfortunately, earplugs do not help. Three hundred dollar a night London hotel rooms, here I come.	
Jun 23 2008 	Loved it! Best hotel stay in London so far!	We stayed at this great hotel after being robbed at the first hotel we stayed at near Victoria station (room broken into, hotel not concerned). This place was excellent! We stayed in a basement room which was quiet, clean and spacious (to almost North American standards). The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and the neighbourhood had everything we could need. The hotel is located very close to Bayswater station, and is just off Queensway which is loaded with pubs, shops and amenities. It's my new place to stay in London. Sorry, Georgian House Hotel...this place is so much better. A tad pricier, but worth it for the private bath, better neighbourhood, and better security.	
Jun 11 2008 	Above London standard	Stayed in a single room. Tha bed was above average comfort. Quite noisy fans outside the window wich needed to be open due to the rather hot room. Bathroom good and overall the room was clean. Friendly staff. Reception open 8am to 8pm then you had to pick up key at the phoenix hotel in the same building. The breakfast was also served in the restaurant at the phoenix hotel. Ok breakfast, the best I've had in a London hotel (compared to the 7 other hotels I've stayed at). Close to Bayswater underground station and just another block to Queensway station.	
May 6 2008 	Decent Bargain Hotel	Pros:1. The front desk clerk, Rowshanak, is an extremely welcoming and helpful woman. She was probably the best part of staying at this hotel.2. The location is in a quiet neighborhood, which is very close to restaurants, shops, pubs, and the Queensway &amp; Bayswater Underground stops.3. Within a short walking distance of Kensington Palace &amp; Gardens. 4. Price was reasonable for the location. Cons:1. The building and furniture are old and a bit out dated. The floors and bed sqeek really loudly. So, if you have upstairs neighbors who walk around a lot at night - plan to be awakened by the cracking floor.2. This is not a handy-capped friendly hotel. There are many stairs to climb.3. The front desk is not 24 hours, so if you rise early or come in late, you need to use their sister hotel (The Phoenix) to get access to your room.Overall opinion:We got what we paid for - it was a budget hotel that was close to many Zone 1 Tube stops. We were happy with the customer service and the location. However, the old building and the squeaky flooring kept us up one or two nights. Best bet - if you don't mind a lot of stairs, request a room on the top floor - then there shouldn't be any issue with this budget hotel.	
May 5 2008	Adequate. No sign of luxury.	I stayed in the hotel 6 years ago during my first trip to the UK. I remember it being perfectly adequate with all amenities working. Certainly no sign of luxury, the breakfast was fine but not great, and the rooms are spartan.I was back again this year and needed a place just for one night. We stayed in the triple next to the check in desk. The linens were perfectly clean but the room and the ensuite suffer from a disease common to budget rooms: worn out (not dirty) carpets and walls and questionable plumbing. True, the shower and toilet worked but never with the level of confidence one might expect. Certainly the shower was a joke typical of budget hotel that try to place a square peg in a round hole.All that said, the lady at the desk was marvelous and friendly, 60 pounds a night was certainly a fair price, and you alwasy had the feeling of cleanliness, friendliness, and safety.The hotel is in a great location and close enough to the Bayswater, Notting Hill, and Queensway tube stations. Amenities are close by and paddington station is a 7 pound cab fare away. (Why pay 4 pound each to drag your bags through the tube??)There are certainly nicer (and much more expensive) hotels in the immediate area but this one is certainly good enough for the price.I think I need to start a lobbying/support group called &quot;The Revolutionary Movement to Bring Hairdryers to the Hotel Rooms of Europe&quot; Once we have triumphed, I'll tackle ironing boards next. One must always fight the good fight.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great Hotel and Good Value	We stayed two nights in this hotel. The first night was the day we arrived in England. The second night was the night before leaving. Therefore, we stayed in two different rooms about 8 days apart. Over the years we have stayed at a number of budget hotels in London. This was by far the best and we will plan to stay here again. The hotel was just great. The rooms were clean and well cared for. Yes, the hotel is showing some signs of age, but this only added to the ambience. Both rooms had large bathrooms. I expected to find cramped quarters. That was not the case. The rooms do face a busy street so there is some noise at night. Also, you can hear some creaking from the room above. But, this did not detract from the overall great experience. Staff was helpful and friendly. When we checked in for the second night, we noticed that there was no hot water. When we brought this to the attention of the staff, we were told that there was boiler maintenance underway and that the hot water would be back on by 3:00pm. And it was. Some others who have reveiwed this hotel mentioned the lack of an elevator. While an elevator would have been nice, the stairs were not a greater climb than other London budget hotels that we have stayed in. Just a couple of things that were somewhat inconvenient: leaving the room key with the front desk when leaving means that after 8:00pm you have to pick it up for the neigboring hotel (Phoenix). Also, breakfast is served in the Phoenix Hotel, but the Continental breakfast was very good. On our next trip to London, we look forward to returning to this hotel. The hotel is a quick 5 minute walk from the Queensway Tube station. There are a number of shops, and pubs in the neighborhood. All in all, the hotel added positively to our recent trip to England.	
Dec 27 2007 	hot and stuffy but location and price were right	We booked this hotel through Expedia where there was a &quot;Europe on Sale&quot; discount at the time - we were able to book for 47 pounds per night (!!). The excellent ratings we read online were also instrumental in our decision making.The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk from the Bayswater tube station, just off of a busy shopping and entertainment strip, and is also close to Hyde Park. Being on the Circle and District tube lines made for easy transit anywhere across London.When we arrived the staff were friendly and welcoming. The hotel has many floors with no elevator so be prepared to climb several flights of stairs to reach your room. We ended up staying in two rooms at the hotel - we switched due to a malfunctioning shower and lack of air circulation. While the new room was better, there is almost no air (and no air conditioning) on the upper floors making for a hot and stuffy stay. However, the staff did provide us with an electric fan which helped somewhat. We do not recommend this hotel for people with respiratory issues or those unable to sleep in hot rooms. Another minor inconvenience was that between 9pm and 7am, guests arriving back from a night out must pick up their keys from a neighbouring hotel. Also, some people may find the street where the hotel is located to be somewhat &quot;sketchy&quot; at night - especially women alone. However we never experienced any problems.We do recommend this hotel for those who are willing to sacrifice a bit of comfort for an excellent location and great price.	
Dec 9 2007 	Basic hotel that gave us a place to sleep	I stayed at the Kensington Gardens Hotel on my recent trip to London. This &quot;hotel&quot; is more of a bed and breakfast. The front desk closes early, so when you come back after 8pm you have to visit the hotel next door to get your key. The continental breakfast is also held at the hotel next door. Our room was small, but clean, which is my top priority. The staff was nice, but not overly friendly or helpful. The woman at the front desk was French and her English was not the best, so we had a bit of a hard time conversing with her. The only real complaint I have is that there was no water pressure in the shower. The water came out more of like a dribble, and it made it very difficult to shower properly. The hotel is close to a couple train stops and also had many restaurants nearby. Overall, it served our needs and was adequate for our first trip to London.	
Nov 28 2007	Cannot praise enough!	After seeing the overall positive reviews on this hotel I was prepared for a basic hotel, but was surprisingly thrilled by what we got instead.Wonderful area to stay with everything we needed in walking distance, very safe hotel, extremely clean, more than enough room and large bathroom - especially by British standards! My husband and I travelled with our 10 year old daughter, international travel is not new to us, and this was the most unexpected thrill.Staff was more than pleasant and accomodating, their &quot;sister hotel&quot; - The Phoenix - right next door, offered a charming pub area to sit in armchairs by the fire and enjoy a relaxing glass of wine or beer. Our daughter was overjoyed by the continental breakfast there as well the next morning. Far from continental, the only thing lacking was the traditional beans on toast which she was thrilled to not have to experience. (Those who want it, can order it though.)THANK YOU to the staff, you 'made' our trip.	
Oct 8 2007 	Really nice stay overall!	We stayed here for about a week in late August. It was in a beautiful location - so green and pretty. It was right near Holland Park and had all these private gardens scattered around the block. The Bayswater tube station was a nice 10 minute walk and there were so many restauratns and shops along the way from the hotel to the station - it was a nice lively area but still peaceful.The hotel itself is really lovely - an old building with a nice feeling, but is not at all rundown. There is no lift in the hotel so you have to The room was a good size... however being tall people (I am 5'10&quot; and my boyfriend is 6'2) the bed was a bit short for us! The only other slight complaint we had about the hotel was that it was really warm at night... the floor fans were covered with dust so we didnt want to turn them on, and it just got SO hot throughout the night. We were disgusted at the phone charges we had at the end of the week - the equivalent of almost $300 australian dollars!!!! The hotel must charge ridiculous amounts of money for connections. So beware of this! By the time we paid for our room and the phone charges, we could have stayed at the Hilton Kensington for the same price, which really annoyed us! ha haBut for the most part it was a great stay and the lady at reception was really nice. The breakfast was held at the Phoenix next door and was pretty good for a complimentary breakfast.We would most likely go back there next time we go to London.	
Oct 8 2007 	Decent spot in Bayswater	Stayed for one night in September on a business trip. Nice hotel, extremely friendly staff. (I'm happy to second the favoring opinions of other reviewers). The hotel isn't new so things are of course somewhat worn down.Got for some reason a triple room, when traveling alone (had booked a double). So space was a non-issue. Basement location was a slight disappointment in the beginning but worked out alright. Beds were okay, but nothing special there. Location is excellent. Not too far from anything specialy and even the places right around here (Bayswater, in general) aren't too bad. The price is alright for the area and the city.Bathroom slightly run down, &quot;mysterious&quot; hot/cold water system (what is it with these???) with low power -- that's about all I can complain about.Would stay at the Kensignton another time, as well.	
Sep 15 2007 	Noisy street noisy floor	I stayed here in september for 3 nights. I had my room right above the main entrance facing the street. The room was okay, standart with efficient shower. I had read some reviews here and was ready for some unconvenience stated here, but couldn´t really understand them until I experienced it myself.Let´s face it: the street IS noisy. Second of all, the floor makes noise as it is old wooden floor. You can hear other people walking in room above you and next to you. The worst was the other people´s entering to the rooms as the doors were shut. I woke up twice per night when people in the next room kept leaving and entering their rooms. I actually didn´t sleep well until´ my final night.The breakfast was okay, next door hotel. In the reception I met only once this lovely lady who sort of made me feel comfortable and was really a big help in providing information. Thanks to her she sort of lifted my spirit while staying in the hotel.The area is cool, with good connections and shops just around the corner. But there are plenty of same standart and style hotels close by as well. Anybody looking for a quiet room this is no option, but for budget accommodation it is a bargain in London.	
Sep 5 2007 	very nice experience!	I stayed there for a week, in a triple ensuite bedroom, with my sisters. Having read the good reviews about this hotel before; I was expecting to have a nice stay and... i wasn't disapointed!The hotel is located in a very cool area of London. it's close to Bayswater tube station and plenty of bus lines. You will also find many good and not so expensive restaurants on Queensway (about 2 minutes walk from the hotel). The room was a bit small, but we didn't mind, and most of all, it was clean (housekeeping was done every day) .The bathroom was nice too, with huge towels changed every day, and it came with a very useful hairdryer.The lady at the reception was very helpful, and so nice ! Just so you know, breakfast isn't included in the price if you're booking via hotel.com or expedia.	
Jun 25 2007 	Convenient Clean Hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel which we found to be a very convenient location. The price was reasonable for London, 75 GBP. Though it is near a busy street, Qweensway, it isn't noisy. There are 2 tube stations nearby on Queensway, Central Line and Circle or District Lines which can get you to most sights in London. Queensway, though busy, had many restaurants, internet cafes, shops which were open late into the evening. Westbourne St. nearby also had nice restaurants. The hotel manager, Rowshanak, was very pleasant , knowledgeable and helpful, suggesting restaurants, and the most cost efficient ways to explore London. The room had a private bath with large towels; refrigerator; Coffee maker and was clean though small. There is no lift, however, and no air conditioning. We stayed in the early part of June and the weather was not yet that hot but the fan provided relief. Breakfast was included and served at their sister property, Hotel Phoenix, a Best Western, a few doors down. We would stay here again.	
Jun 6 2007 	Great neighborhood location	The hotel is situated in a cute yet busy little neighborhood. It is a short walk to the tube; about 2.5 blocks. The mall is just a block away and has a nice Marks and Spencer for snacks. The neighborhood main drag is just a few steps farther and has many restaurants. Try the 4 Seasons restaurant if you feel like Chinese food. We stayed for 4 nights. Our 3rd floor room (#8) faced the back of the hotel and the 4th floor room (#2) faced the front of the hotel. (The double ensuite was not available for all of the nights.) Both rooms were very clean and pretty quiet, but if you don't like stairs you must ask for a first floor room. Room #2 was a twin ensuite and a bit larger with a charming decorative fireplace. The floors are creaky. We tried our best not to make too much noise. The maid opened the window everyday. It was nice to have fresh air, but it was a trick to close it at night. We made good use of the small refrigerator and tea tray in our room.Breakfast next door was a very nice continental breakfast. They also have internet access there for a small fee which was convenient. It is much cheaper than the one at the mall!Maggie and Rowshanak were very nice. Maggie was there most of the time and helped us immensely. Thank you!	
Apr 24 2007 	Lovely hotel experience!	My entire 5 day stay at Kensington Gardens was positive....the most impressive aspect was the extremely friendly and helpful staff at the front desk. Rowshanak could not have been more accomodating...she directed me flawlessly on how to get around London. Since this was my first visit to London, this helpfulness was invaluable. The room (albeit small by Canadian standards) was extremely clean and was serviced daily. My room looked out over a leafy park. Even though it was 'hot' by English standards (25 degrees Celsius), I did not miss air conditioning. I just opened the window wide. While I am well into middle age, I did not find the lack of a lift significant, and I had been warned that there was no lift in the planning stages of my trip. Breakfast (when I chose to use the facilities of the neighbouring Phoenix hotel) was great and the service was fine. I will definitely return to this small and calm oasis in the middle of bustling Bayswater. I will also wholeheartedly recommend it to others. What a pleasure!	
Mar 10 2007 	Loved this hotel - clean and very very friendly!	I booked this hotel for a 2 night break in London with my wife and we were very pleasantly surprised. The greatest asset of this hotel has to be the staff - very friendly and always willing to do what ever they can for you. The room was booked directly with the hotel for a cost of 60.00GBP per night for the two of us and this included a good continental breakfast at the Best western Pheonix Hotel which is next door. The breakfast room was slightly busy on both of our visits and not very relaxing but this didn't matter too much.Back to the room, we had room #6 on the 3rd floor and had to walk up three flights of stairs as there is no lift so you need to be fit, however, when we booked they did let us know what floor the room would be located on. We had a double room which was fairly small, but this is to be expected in London. The room overlooked the leafy Kensington Square Gardens and had a TV, hospitality tray, fridge and phone. The bathroom had a bath with a shower and plenty of towels, which were changed daily. The hotel has recently been renovated and is spotlessly clean, (something unusual in this price range having read other reviews).The location is perfect - a 2 minute walk to a small shopping mall and plenty of restaurants. Only a 5 minute walk to two tube stations, Queensway and Bayswater for easy access to the rest of London. It is also only a 10 minute walk to Hyde park.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a clean, basic base for their London trip with good access to the main attractions and shopping areas.	
Jun 8 2005	Good Choice	My 15 year old son &amp; I had only 5 nights in London, and got what we were looking for: a pleasant, clean, friendly, convenient hotel at a reasonable price. The good: Prompt email correspondence both in the reservation process and closer to the trip, when my questions cropped up. Rowkshana, the wonderful concierge, took care of us as if we were at a penthouse at the Ritz. We felt like family! The ensuite bathroom was recently renovated, and the towels were plentiful, huge, and changed daily. Delightful and relaxing baths each night. We were in room 12, only one flight upstairs, which was a triple (we had reserved a twin and were beneficiaries of a cancellation) so we used the middle bed for all our stuff. It would have been fairly tight for three people though - very little room between beds. Two large windows overlooked the street and a private park. Two very close tube stations (though the Queensway station is closed until 2006 for renovations. Walking distance to charming Notting Hill. Post office, Marks &amp; Spencer, internet cafes, all kinds of shops around the corner on Queensway and Westbourne Grove. The not as good: No air conditioning, which is typical of London in our price range, I gather. However, we had a tall ocillating floor fan, and the windows opened wide. No lift - ok for us, but possibly not for everyone. Breakfast (included in room) was at the Best Western Phoenix next door: the typical, European continental, canned fruit, muesli, delicious strawberry yogurt, toast. A full English breakfast is supposed to be available, but they were always so busy, and the one morning it might have worked out we didn't have cash on us to pay the upcharge.Bottom line: I would not like to be at any hotel without air conditioning, in London during a heat wave, spoiled American that I am. I would go back to this hotel in a minute, if I could, because the positives so far outweigh the negatives for me.	
Jan 6 2005 	Very Hospitable	I stayed in August of 04 and loved it! The rooms are small, but with great charm. Great location. (I was traveling alone as a female in London for the first time, location was of great concern to me.)The staff were incredibly friendly and made me feel right at home. If you are looking for a little English charm without the commercialism of a Holiday Inn, this is the perfect place.	
Jun 26 2004	Excellent 2night Stay	We took a chance with Hotel Kensington Gardens with no reviews written on Trip Advisor and were pleasantly surprised by such gracious service and quality stay for the pound£. The staff was extremely helpful and breakfast was good.	
Jun 3 2004	You get a little bit more than you pay for	Stayed here for 3 days may 2004. This is the backup-hotel for Best Western Phoenix Hotel, so read those reviews as well. Mail them and they give you a good price. We paid $68 pr night with breakfast for a ok doble room. Nice bathroom with shower and tub. The standard is not too high. A bit old, but ok. You have to get you keys at Best Western Phoenix Hotel, and the walk 10 m down the street. Its a 200 m walk to Bayswater Underground in Queensway. Whitley shoppingscenter. Lots of places to eat. The breaksfast was ok, £5,5 extra for english breakfast. Staff was very nice, when they were there.All in all: if your on a budget this is a good choice!	
Aug 7 2009 	No Esta Mal Para Ser Londres		
Jun 14 2009 	Puces de lit		
Mar 9 2009 	Un tres bon Hotel pres de tout Shoping Visite Musées...		
Dec 30 2007 	Na ja		
Aug 24 2007 	Hotel? Incredible		
