Apr 19 2009 	good service and breakfast clean room though a little small	I was very pleased with my stay here and am horrified to read the other reviews. It doesnt sound like the same place at all. The date of my stay and the other reviews show that I got the benefit of the refurbishment that one of the reviews mentions. My room was clean (not sparkling, but ok) but a bit on the small side. However, it was ok for my needs. The hotel generally looked a little worn but not shabby. I suppose they must have spruced it up. The furniture in the room was a bit cheap and could do with some more updating, but this is a very minor point. Also, there was heating and it was very efficient. In fact I had to get them to turn it off, it was so hot. So that looks like its another problem fixed.I was very pleased with the service. The staff were very helpful and polite and even managed to get me a downstairs room when initially none were available. This was handy for me because my leg was in a cast at the time. Breakfast was quite good and when there was a small problem with an undercooked sausage they replaced it right away with no arguments. I'm sure there are problem in the best of places so the acid test as far as I am concerned is how the staff deal with any issues. I was very pleased.The internet access was a breeze to set up, worked straight away and was very fast. And it's free.From my experience I have to conclude that all the problems mentioned in the other reviews must have been fixed now. It was not a brilliant stay but I was happy and it is at the cheap end of the market. I am pleased with the level of service too, so if I get stranded in Ealing again and need to be in the office the next day I would stay there again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Bad Experience	staff grumpy and unfriendly,could not open front door and bedroom with key very hard when approached staff about key she was very rude and abrupt eventually found other key but just as bad .Room dingy no heatingfreezing cold all night ,bed very uncomfortable matress has had it, crumbs on carpet sheets did not look very clean wondered if had been changed? bathroom not very good standard no bath shower not very clean mould and black bits in it did not dare use it for fear of catching something,sink much too small when washing water goes everywhere and the floor gets wet and very slippery,toilet though clean the seat badly worn ,did not have breakfast here for fear of the same conditions in kitchen and fear of contracting something nasty only spent one night here the worst night ever did not sleep much at all could not wait to leavewould not recommend to anyone and will definately not stay again	
Oct 14 2008 	Dont even think about it....AVOID.	If you value your comfort, dont even consider staying near this place at all. I booked the hotel due to its location, close to the conference i was attending, and now regretting not reading the reviews 1st.The place is old, dirty dingy and unkept. The whole building creaks even with the wind(not an exageration). Its so noisy, the floors and doors creak everytime and the rooms must be separated by paper. I could hear the guy next room 1st speaking on his phone, then eating(yes i heard the clang of cutlery on plates) and finally snoring all through the night. I woke up suddenly at 3am to a loud bang(sounded like a bomb) only to find out it was the front door being closed/jammed by someone. It was a disastrous stay.Please and please, dont make the mistake even if its for free.	
Jul 22 2008 	Stay away!	After 3 experiences in bed and breakfast in UK I thought I got used to old, smelling and dirty rooms. But this is not the case. The owner were totally unfriendly. The wardrobe was very smelling. The room was dirty. The bathroom...better to avoid comments.Total disaster. Stay away from it.Only one positive comment: Ealing Common is a very nice location in London.	
Jul 8 2008 	The worst hotel I have ever been to	This has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I could tell as soon as I walked through the door that this was going to be a trial. The owner (or whoever the woman was that opened the door) was very unwelcoming. The room was dingy and although I didn't want to touch the bed, I knew I had to sleep somewhere. It was like lying on a bag of rocks - my back will never recover! The bathroom was full of mould, mildew and rust. I didn't want to eat breakfast in the morning, but as I was hungry, I opted for the cereal (it was the only thing that looked safe). If you do want to stay in London, maybe the monkey enclosure at London Zoo might be more comfortable.	
Sep 23 2007 	Hotel Disaster!	I feel stupid writing a review now after staying at such a filthy hotel. should have checked the reviews before making the booking.Staff is most unhelpful, rooms are smelly, dusty, bed terrible to sleep in. Had to check out and find another hotel in desperation. Dont even think about staying there unless all the hotels in whole of London have refused you a place.	
Oct 24 2006 	Shabby.	The only reason I would consider stopping here again is if the only other alternative was to sleep on the side of the road. Infact I lie I would rather sleep on the side of a road!! Room was in desparate need of a re-furb. The bathroom floor was covered in 'black' lino ( god only knows what that was hiding)!! Breakfast was included in the price, which might not have been so bad if the milk hadn't smelt worse than the room ( the smell of burnt toast couldn't mask it!!) The final straw came when my daughter needed to use the 'public loo' during breakfast, it was disgusting - the floor hadn't seen a mop in months judging by the amount of fluff and dust around the edges of the floor. Didn't stop for the second night of our stay, we booked in at the Ramada (just around the corner). This cost us £16 more for the night and was a 100 times better. Unfortunately on this occasion 'big -chain' beat 'small local'!!	
Nov 29 2004	Don't do it!!	Me and my girlfriend had the missfortune of staying here for one night after a party. It was dirty, drab, lounge (didn't venture) but looked uncomfortable, kitchen grotty, breakfast room grotty, breakfast awful, cooked by slovenly staff in their pyjamas and bare feet and to top it all the girlfriend woke up covered in bites!! Makes me ashamed to be English.	
Sep 24 2004	would not recommend	on arrivivg at the abbey lodge hotel it looked grimey from the outside on entering it was much worse sloppy receptionist, dingy rooms stinking of cigarettes , beds looked like they hadnt been changed and the bathroom..well i won't even go there!!!! my husband and i decided we couldnt stay we had our two very young chidren with us and couldn't imagine them sleeping in that hotel. we left immediately and deposited the keys through the door with a note stating we wouldnt be staying or paying either!!!!! will deffinatley not be recommending the abbey loodge hotel	
Jul 8 2004	Will Not Stay Again	My wife and I stayed here the last night we were in England. We had stayed at another hotel in London (Abbey House) for a week, traveled the countryside for a week, and then came back to London for our last night. First off, Abbey Lodge is not in a very tourist-friendly part of town. There isn't much to do in this area for tourists, and the area seems &quot;tired&quot; and a little run down. The house itsself is average. Our room was very tiny, dingy, and the sheets appeared to not have been washed since the last occupants of the room. The floors of the bathroom were an instituional-feeling rubber. The breakfast was edible, but you get a full view of the not so clean kitchen where food is being made (doesn't help the appetite). The staff in the morning appeared to be &quot;lounging around&quot; in their pajamas, which wasn't very appealing to me. I would not stay here again, and would not recommend this to others.	
Nov 30 2007	horrible		
