	Simple but comfortable.	I stayed in Hotel Meridiana for a family visit in London. In general, I found this hotel satisfactory for my needs.I stayed in a single basic room and I was satisfied with the room, especially with the bed which I found very comfortable. The shared bathroom and toilet were reasonable and seemed clean. The staff was nice and helpful in the few times I needed something. Breakfast was fine, there wasn't much variety but the staff was willing to fulfill some special requests. The breakfast room is too small and sometimes people had to wait outside for the other guests to finish.Another disadvantage was the noise at night - both from people on the street, especially in weekend nights, and from the hotel itself, where you can hear anytime when someone walk outside your room or going up and down the stairs.The hotel is very close to the King's Cross station, which makes it very easy to get anywhere through the underground, but if you prefer walking, the hotel is too far from most of the main sites in London.	
Nov 15 2009 	Cold Service Threatened at Check out Hard bed	I stayed here because of the price. I read of the cold, non-smiling staff and service. I brushed off such reviews and planned for the best. It wasn't bad at check in. The service was a bit chilly but not enough to notice. The rooms are very small, as in closet sized. But they have a coffee maker and a TV which are good. BE WARNED....The walls are very very thin and you will hear and feel people on all sides of you and above you. You will hear and feel their steps as they go down the halls.THE BED.... The bed in my room was terrible. The springs were pressing into my back and the center of the bed was lower than the other areas. I knew I would never get any sleep but because I did such walking around I found myself returning to room exhausted and managed to fall asleep.STEEP NARROW STEPS.... Unless you are in shape, be prepared for a pretty steep climb to reach your room. This is okay once or twice but several times a day was too much. This was when I would bump into the staff and I would greet them and they would basically ignore me. I learned quickly that the reviews about chilly foreigners running the place were completely true. DONT EXPECT MUCH SERVICE.....When I asked for an extra blanket because I was cold I got a blank stare and then a rude look. The blankets are paper thin on the beds. They are bed covers, not blankets. I know the difference. I was not given a blanket and was treated as though I was rude for wanting one. The guy then threw and I do mean THREW me a sheet and told me that was the best he could give. I said thank you, he grimaced and then turned away. RUDE, COLD SERVICE INDEED. THE BREAKFAST....I tried it.....once. A small room with the same cold service. The eggs were undercooked and I learned not to ask for a replacement. CHECKOUT HELLIt wasn't until check out that I found out that they didn't take my card. I was then threatened to call my family in the States and have them wire money or I would be arrested. It turns out that this hotel uses a proxy service which DID accept my card but they never told me that the hotel wouldn't. The manager got very cross with me. I didn't book the hotel with his website so how was I supposed to know that he didn't accept my card. I had to call the proxy service and they worked something out. Would you like to be threatened with jail if you found out that they didn't take the card you had? NOTHING was on the proxy website and they clearly showed that they accepted my card. I put up with a terrible bed, cold service, noisy neighbors, a steep climb, a cold room, undercooked food...and then got threatened as I was checking out. I will never stay at this place again. The people running it suck. They should go back to whatever country they are from because the British people I met were wonderful, friendly and gracious, whereas the people running this house were ice cold and unfriendly.	
Nov 15 2009 	rude and uninterested staff	Positive: good, nice and clean roomsBad: incredibly rude staff at breakfastAlso, the area isn't the best one. Very few bars, restaurants etc. Choose another area and another hotel!	
Nov 11 2009 	Will come back.	This was a good value budget hotel i central London at Kings Cross.Good breakfast. I will come back.When I left the hotel I had lost one of my credit-cards at the floor in the roomwhithout my notice.This was noticed to me by telephone from the hotel after a couple of days. And after a couple of days more I received my lost credit-card by mail from the hotel.I want hereby to thank Hotel Meridiana for this service .	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic Location Budget at its best	I stayed for 5 nights at Hotel Meridiana and had a great time in London. The best part of this hotel is the location, and the value for money. It is just a couple of minutes walk from Kings Cross &amp; St Pancras stations and the London Tube. There are plenty of cheap places to eat and shop nearby, and even a laundry not far away. I booked a single room with share bathroom. The room was small, but had everything I needed including a sink in the room, a TV, kettle and coffee. Plenty of room to store things, and the bed was comfortable. The only issue I had was the floor in the room was on a bit of a slope (and the bed wasn't level). Easy fixed by putting a bar of soap under the legs of the bed! The price was cheap, and the room and share bathroom were always cleaned every day. The staff were very helpful and friendly, and are happy for you to leave your bags at reception to be picked up later in the day after check out. Internet is only available by plugging in while sitting on the couch in reception, but I never had to wait for it become available, and it was fast and free! Breakfast was also great, and the service wonderful. The local area was safe and quite, and I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone not wanting to spend their whole travel budget on expensive London hotels! It was also great to know after a long day of sightseeing I could be off the tube and in my room in under 5 minutes!	
Oct 29 2009 	Lovely little hotel in great location	This hotel met our needs for a 4 night stay in London, check in was quick, staff helpful, the standard double room was very small but clean and overlooked a park. Hearty English breakfast provided each morning. Location is perfect if you want to be close to St Pancras/kings cross station, there's also a post office, take away &amp; nice dine in restaurants all within 5 mins walk.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great price location bed 	Besides not having a lift (definitely a good work out going up asnd down the winding staircase each day) this is an awesome budget inn among the other ones located in Kings Cross. Helpful staff, charming breakfast room with full breakfast, decent, clean rooms and excellent location by train and tube station. Across from park, quiet street. Great deal!	
Sep 22 2009 	Good for the value	It's a budget hotel, you can't forget that. The staff was all pretty friendly and helpful, have no complaints with them. The room was comfortably sized and I felt it was clean. The third floor shower was not very good at all but if you go the shower that is off the flight of stairs kind of before the second floor (1st floor in europe), the bathroom is fine. I didn't love the breakfast but my boyfriend did. It was free though so it's hard to complain. Canned beans, piece of canadian bacon, piece of sausage, one fried egg, toast, coffee/tea, and orange juice. He would get the works and I'd just get toast and it worked out fine. Noise was not an issue, the hotel is on a residential side street, and I didn't have an issue with interior noise. They have internet, but you have to have a laptop and be sitting in the lobby. Not worth it and a downside.Very convenient location. It's right across the street from a major station and we ended up just walking everywhere from our hotel. It was maybe a 20 minute walk to Covent Gardens and from there 10 minutes to Westminster, 20 to Buckingham.... We loved walking everywhere and rarely took the tube...you see more that way and you get in better shape.	
Sep 21 2009 	Dissapointed overall	I booked this hotel for three reasons: price, convenience to Kings Cross rail station, Trip Advisor reviews. I certainly wasn't expecting much when I booked, but I came away disspointed overall.Pros after my stay: 1. price, seemed like a good value overall compared to what else I could find.2. location, couldn't really be beat for the train I needed early in the morning and just as close to underground.Cons after my stay:1. Rather noisy, both interior and exterior. I was mainly concerned with the interior noise. The floors outside the floor I was on (3rd floor) were wooden, so I heard ever step down the narrow hall outside my door. Would make more sense to have carpeting to keep the noise down. All doors almost have to be slammed to get them to shut. There were signs all over asking guests to be considerate of others, so obviously it's a problem the hotel knows about...which in my opinion could be fixed with new door hardware. Plenty of street noise during the night as well.2. Shower for non en-suite guests was pretty dirty and could use some clean grout to replaced the mildewed grout. Really wish I had a pair of shower sandles.3. This is my biggest complaint. As I'm eating my breakfast, I can see into the small kitchen where food is prepared. I saw one of the women serving food blow her nose and then didn't bother to wash her hands after. Behind her is a rather large sign on the wall reminding staff of the need for keeping appropriate hygiene. She simply tosses the tissue into the garbage and continues to serve breakfast to the other hotel guests. I was in plain sight of her, so it was pretty clear what had happened and impossible to deny.I really can't recommend staying here unless you're short on choices, plan to skip their breakfast and are a heavy sleeper.	
Sep 14 2009 	Couldn't ask for better place	We stayed 6 nights in August for £420.00. We pre-requested a lower floor room and upon 5pm check-in we were given a ground floor room. As my husband took our 8 very large bags to the room, the clerk Edward volunteered the use of the office to store bags as we had too much to fit in the room (his humble opinion!) . My husband neglected to tell me this, so I proceeded to unpack what we needed for this leg of our 7 week European adventure. I left the camping gear and assorted camping-related items and excess clothing in luggage which I stored under the bed and on top of the armoire. Everything fit except for 1 large suitcase. (all our bags were at the maximum size for airline regulations) The rooms are small, but if all you need is a place to sleep, it is perfect. Our room was not much larger than our tent (8x8), with just enough room to walk around the double-sized bed - no passing! The bed was quite comfortable and, as all of the beds we slept on in Europe, was on a sheet of plywood. The bathroom was tiny with shower, sink and toilet - occupancy: 1. We were leery that the window could not be locked and several ladders were just outside in the courtyard and alley. Edward assured us that it has been like that for 8 years and nothing has ever happened! Of course there is no air conditioning, so the window was opened until we left for sightseeing. We closed the window when we left only to find it propped open with a piece of wood by the cleaning staff. So the window stayed open for the rest of our stay with no incidents.The very good 'traditional English breakfast' is served 7-9am (7:45-9:30 Sundays) in a basement room with tables seating 4 or 3. And don't be 2 minutes late or you don't get served! The first day we got the standard - 1 each bacon, sausage, egg; beans, toast, orange juice, and coffee or hot tea. By now we have had our fill of beans for breakfast and customized our breakfast by substituting an extra egg instead of the beans. Cold cereal and hot chocolate also available. The hostess was not a 'people person' and rarely smiled. BUT she was fast and efficient. So we just accepted it and stacked our dishes when we were finished to help her out. Oh, and left a small tip daily which brought a smile the next day.The night clerk, Edward, was extremely helpful. He arranged for a cab to the airport, the driver told us this was an unexpected gesture from his experience. The cab driver also went beyond the basic and dropped us off at the ground floor entrance, meaning he had to enter the parking garage, get a ticket, drive in circles down a couple of levels, unload us and our bags, then exit the garage (10 minutes free before a parking charge). The day clerk, a young lady, barely looked up for her web browsing to acknowledge people passing the desk. Another perk was free internet access - only in the lobby with the cable provided. So if someone else was using it, you waited your turn. But most were considerate and didn't monopolize it.All in all, this was an extremely pleasant experience and we will definitely stay here on our next trip to London. It is 1 1/2 blocks to King's Cross underground. A great pub is a few blocks away. We ate at Skinner's Arms 4 out of 6 nights and everything we ate was WONDERFUL! It was also the cheapest priced out of the 7 weeks we were in Europe.	
Sep 14 2009 	A Great Cheap Hotel	Meridiana Hotel was great. Rooms were small but we were expecting that. Everything was clean and tidy and staff were quite friendly. We paid 37.00 pound a night for the single room, (shared Bathroom) and this included a cooked English Breakfast, which was good value. Only thing to watch for shower on the 2nd floor was terrible no water pressure. Also had a twin room with own bathroom on 1st floor. ( This was priced at 66 pound a night including breakfast) This was also quite small and the bathroom was tiny but adequate. If wanting one of these rooms ask for the twin room with the newer bathroom. Had put in new shower and hand basin and this made the space much larger. Best part of the hotel a three minute walk to Kings Cross Station. Will just add, that there are quite a few B&amp;B's in this square, and this was the only one that I could see that was full the whole time we were there (5 nights). Would definately stay there again. Suzanne &amp; Kerri Christchurch New Zealand	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location clean rooms (albeit tiny) and great service	I stayed here for 6 nights on a trip leaving Europe. The rooms are very small and have paper thin walls (I could hear the BBC from my room television in the bathroom and shower). However that is the only downside. The location is 2 blocks from Kings Cross - St Pancras underground. There is a great Chinese take out 3 blocks away as well. The rooms were cleaned every day even when they didn't need to be. The gentleman (perhaps the owner) was very friendly on giving directions or throwing around ideas on what to do while in London (also very good in his history!). The breakfast was very filling and will do you in if you complete the breakfast. I would definitely stay here again, this time get an ensuite.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great value family room	After scouring numerous websites to find a family room for us and our 2 young children, I came across the Meridiana which for 4 people including English breakfast costed £90, approx £40 cheaper than anything else I could find. It was pretty basic but the room accomodated all 4 of us easily with a double bed and 2 singles all nicely positioned to give a fair amount of floor space, and with plenty of storage. The room and bed linen was extremely clean, and I am pretty fussy!The breakfast the next morning was freshly cooked and really quite pleasant although there wasn't much of a choice. Tea, coffee, orange juice, 2 slices of toast, egg, bacon, sausage and beans. You felt as though you would &quot;get what you were given&quot; although it was pretty nice once we'd swapped things with each other.All in all, for a family city break where you're not going to be in the room for extended periods of time it comes recommended.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great location good for the price... but not ideal for my honeymoon!	Hotel Meridiana is good for the price. I suppose I should not have really expected more seeing that we paid only 60 pounds a night which included breakfast. Still, a few things were a bit off putting!Firstly, we had a basement room which I would not recommend. Our room was directly below the reception so I could hear footsteps and squeaking when I was trying to sleep (I soon wore earplugs to keep the noise out).Secondly, our carpet was damp which was gross to walk on! Luckily I had packed some thongs (flip flops) so didn't have to touch it with my bare feet... ewwwww! We had to position our suitcases carefully on the ground so they wouldn't also get damp.Thirdly, our window was held up by a STICK. Pretty hilarious, yet somewhat off putting! If we didn't have the window open with the stick then the room would get damp and stuffy as there was little ventilation.I would have asked to change rooms, but the hotel was fully booked out when we were there. The room was also tiny, but that was to be expected seeing as though we were in London and didn't pay very much.The positives - the hotel was pretty 'cute'. The breakfast daily was great and the staff who served it up were nice. The location was also fantastic, we arrived via the tube from the airport, and also departed from Kings Cross to catch a train to Northern England. Good for the price and if you don't have high expectations... however it was not a very nice place to stay on my honeymoon. I don't know whether I would stay there again or not...	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent value for central London	I stayed for three nights in room 101 - a single en-suite room overlooking the street and the park opposite. The room was small but perfectly adequate for a solo traveller with lots of room to store clothes and other belongings. It was clean and the shower worked well, which isn't always the case in small B &amp; Bs. The room was a bit stuffy, but the huge window opened easily and there was also a fan provided. The bed wasn't as comfortable as I'd have liked and after the 1st night I had to request an extra pillow as the one provided was as hard as the mattress. A breakfast of 1 sausage, 1 bacon, 1egg, beans and 2 slices of toast was included in the price as well as a cup of coffee or tea and a glass of fruit juice. It would have been nice to be offered a choice of brown or white bread, a refill for the hot drink, but for the room price (£50) I thought it was excellent. My only gripe with the breakfast is that the dining room is far too small for the number of guests in the hotel and you are expected to share tables with others. I'm not a morning person and I hate eating with people I don't know, so this did make me feel uncomfortable.Overall the location is excellent, the staff are friendly and it served my basic needs of a place to sleep for the short amount of time I actually spent in my room. I'd stay there again.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great Location and price	Hotel Meridiana was a great budget hotel. If you are on a budget and just need a place to sleep and shower, it is the right place for you!Proslocation! Got straight from Heathrow to the hotel using the underground. Bought a day pass for 7.50£ and used it to go to many places in London. Hotel was right next to St. Pancras station/King Cross and located across from a small park (next to Kings hotel in case you have trouble finding it).Hotel person was nice and gave us suggestions for food and the grocery store. Got to Buckingham palace, big Ben in minutes (using underground)Bathroom was clean and shower was too.ConsTough mattress ( depends what you like)small room (but enough for two big backpack and two day packs)Overall it was great! It was also next to the eurostar. We felt very safe around the area and walked to the eurostar at 5am in the morning. However, if you have a lot of luggage and have trouble with stairs, and small settings I would not recommend.	
Jun 1 2009 	Disappointing experience	While this small hotel is close to all kinds of transportation into city center, I would say that is its best point. We arrived late afternoon, and after finding the front door, the manager greeted us at the locked door cordially enough and assigned us our room. When we arrived at the room, we were shocked to see that we had been given a room that looked nothing like we expected. First, there were 3 twin beds that were very spare, very hard, and very short! My husband's feet hung off the end. The blankets, while clean, were very used. Tdown the hall toilet was not up to cleanliness standards; I didn't look forward to showering there. Having expected to receive a room like the ones displayed on the web site, I am terribly, terribly disappointed. As a matter of fact, only the outside looked like the photos on the web site. I wish I had taken photos of the rooms and the narrow staircase. I would not recommend anyone to stay here in the future.	
May 11 2009 	Clean and Convenient but tiny.	We stayed for two nights. We were a bit disappointed to have a basement room. We have traveled extensively in Europe, so expected a small room, but this room was even tiny by European standards. We only travel with carry on luggage and we could barely find room for our two small bags on the floor without walking on them. The bed was comfortable, however, and the room was spotlessly clean. The shower ran well, which is not always the case in older hotels. The hotel is located just a short block from King's Cross / St. Pancras station, so was very convenient for transport via train or tube. The full English breakfast was good and included in the price.Overall, this is a good value hotel if you don't mind tiny quarters and travel lightly without much baggage.	
May 3 2009 	Good location. Room for improvement!	The hotel is in a good location being just 150m from Kings Cross underground station.I stayed in room 104. Although the room is very small I did expect it to be so as I had paid £48 per night for B&amp;B. The bed was very uncomfortable with a thin soft mattress. The floor in the room seemed not to be level and this resulted in the bed and other furniture not sitting level on the floor. I had to put newspapers under the legs on one side of the bed to ensure that I did not fall out during the night.The cups in the room left for tea and coffee had not been cleaned properly since being used by the last guest. Also it would have been nice to have been offered a top up of tea or coffee or even a small pot at breakfast instead of a small cup of either.Unfortunately I could not recommend this hotel. I would advise that travellers pay a little extra for a little more comfort.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great value for money!	We only stayed here for one night but will definately stay again next time we are in London. At £52 (including breakfast) it is excellent value for London and it is clean and well run (the best you can expect in this price range!). We stayed in room 5 on the ground floor which had a toilet next door which no one else seemed to use and showers close by upstairs. The breakfast was good (eggs, bacon, sausage, beans and toast) as well. The staff were friendly and were happy to store our stuff for us as we were leaving in the evening. Pay by cash or UK debit card as there is a surcharge for credit cards. I'd recommend booking in advance as I've tried ot book this hotel for previous trips to London but it's always been fully booked (there are not many good hotels in London at the £50 price level).	
Apr 10 2009 	WONDERFUL	My friend and I stayed here for a few nights in July 2008. We loved it. The staff is very friendly and the price is excellent considering how expensive things are in London. The typical English breakfast is very hearty and will definitely hold you over until lunchtime. The rooms are basic, but very clean and cozy. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 29 2009 	inexpensive for basic room and breakfast	this small older hotel is conveniently located to Kings Cross, subways, buses, and is located across from a small park, which is nice, but can attract some night noise. The rooms were small but servicable. There was no wi fi for the rooms but could hook up with a cable in the small lobby. The TV channels were limited. The breakfast was standard. A good value if not looking for extras.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent value for budget travellers	The rooms are admittedly small from an American perspective, but nonetheless comfortable and clean. I had a single en suite and the bathroom was very clean and fixtures were recently updated. My window faced the street and small park. I found the homemade English breakfast (included in price) to be quite good. The location is one block to a central train station and perfect for catching the Underground or a Eurostar train. The side street is lined with hotels and pretty quiet. My friend stayed at an adjacent hotel and was dissatisfied with her room and wished that she had stayed at Hotel Meridiana instead. Perfect for solo travellers or those who would rather spend their money on other things. I would stay here again.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great for a budget hotel - you won't do better at this price!	We chose this hotel partly because of the positive reviews it received on tripadvisor, and we weren't disappointed! If you're watching the pennies or want to spend your money on other things, it's a great one to go for. It was excellent value for a central london hotel. The price was low but it was clean, warm, friendly and the breakfast was delicious. The room had a tv and fan, and was cleaned daily. The bathroom was fine too - it was spotless and there was a decent shower which worked well. Staff were friendly and helpful. The location is fantastic as it's right next to a tube station, and the area is safe. Okay, so the room is small and there are absolutely no frills, but you just won't get anything better at a price as low as this.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good Value For The Money--Clean and Comfortable	Clean and comfortable, hotel was close to the tube so it was easy to get to the attractions. Hotel was down a side street but close to a busy thoroughfare with plenty of buses.Hotel was quiet, friendly, I had an ensuite room--shower was clean. Room was small and hallways were narrow. There was no lift but reception helped me take my bags to the room.Rooms had a small TV and a fan. reception gave me an adaptor to plug in my CPAP machine, and also a hair dryer (because they don't want us Americans trying to plug in OUR hairdryers, I believe). The room faced the front where a small park was--the window was open and I heard children playing in the park--very relaxing and excellent location	
Feb 23 2009 	Good value of money	Good value of money. Compact room, not for fat people! :-)	
Jan 20 2009 	The place to stay in low budget trips	I stayed in Hotel Meridiana 7 nights with my friends on our summer holiday. We wanted a place that would be clean, in a good location and quite cheap. We got all that plus a private room for the three of us, which was quite impossible request in our other options considering the prices of rooms for three.Meridiana is located well (very close to King's Cross and St. Pancras, but in a quiet square) and the rooms, including shared bathrooms and toilets are kept very clean (the cleaning lady came every day). Staff was ok and even though one of us had a little accident with the shower the owner acted quite politely. Over all they could have all smiled a bit more but they did their job and I wasn't there to make friends with them anyway. The breakfast was also good in my opinion. I don't care too much about the heavy english breakfast, but there was also the option to take toast and cereal.I can't deny that the place was small but for someone who is in London to see the London and not to spend all the time in a hotelroom Hotel Meridiana is almost a perfect option.	
Jan 4 2009 	except of the small bedeverything o.k	I stayed there last august with my boyfriend for a week.The employes are very nice and polite.The room is really small and the bed even smaller but soft.(if you are a few kilos heavier you will safer).The bath is in normal size.both room and wc are very clean and the cleaning lady comes every day (but she never changes the sheet).The breakfast is EXCELLENT!the english breakfast that they serve is huge, in the price ,very nice cooked and you don't have to eat anything else until the evening. The breakfast room is very nice and warm.A tip:go just before 8 a.m because after you will wait in the line.The street outside the hotel is very quite and has a small park but a few blocks away is noisy cause of the train station.If you are a woman and you are travelling alone don't walk there after 9 espesially in the weekend cause there are drank people running around.Down the street has many places to eat and many train lines and buses that take you everywhere in london.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great location and service	My mother and I stayed at Meridiana Hotel this november for three nights whilst we were visiting London to go christmas shopping and also to hear Sir Cliff Richard at The Wembley Arena. The hotel was 200 M from London King's Cross / St. Pancras tube and trian station, which meant that we didn't have to carry our bags very far. The lady in the reception was very helpful. She said, that we could pay directly in DKK in stead of GBP when paying with our VISA credit card. In this way we saved a 5 % charge, and this information was really a big plus. Our room was nice and clean, and the bath room was right across the hallway. I had already read the reviews on TripAdvisor, so I was prepared for a small room with the TV set on the top of the closet and also a small breakfast room, where the breakfast was served fresh and hot, but some times you had to wait for a table. The staircases of the hotel could have been larger - it was a bit difficult to carry heavy bags up and down the stairs. We would stay here again next time we visit London. I agree with most of you: If you want The Ritz, then pay for it.	
Nov 10 2008 	great for the price	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights early oct 08.price with ensuite was 65 pounds including hot breakfast. The room was small,but really other than that nothing what-so-ever to complain about.Breakfast was good..english with the works. The lady kitchen head was polite and friendly..likewise the front desk was helpfull and also friendly. The hotel is in an excellent position for rail/bus travel. The hotel is maintained in very clean condition.I know we are all individuals,but when I read reviews rubbishing the place I really cannot understand what people want. If you wish to pay more go ahead and stay at a more expensive place. As i said the room is small but as a tourist we only sleep there,and the rest of the day we are exploring London.The previous night before our arrival,we have a booking problem with another hotel and had to quickly find accommodation. We stayed at a hotel 30 yards away...that one was a dump and at the same price, the name started with a K. be careful with you hotel selection.	
Nov 4 2008 	Loved it! Would stay there again!	I stayed with my friend at a double en-suite room last June.I must say that the location is excellent, right next to the Kings Cross and St. Pancras Station.The room is very small, but I mean, come on, you won't stay at the hotel room for more than a few hours if you visit London as a tourist, will you? ;) My friend complained that the shower was a bit small, but it was fine for me (I'm a relatively small person).All I cared about is having a clean and quiet room and I got it in that hotel! The breakfast is served in a very small and cozy room. You may need to wait for a some minutes to be seated but that won't be more than 5 I guess. And you can always share a table with others. It is full English breakfast, but if you are too hungry, maybe it won't be enough! But it's a nice way to start your day :)The staff in the reception desk was very polite and offered me a hair dryer because mine didn't work.The only bad thing was that there was no elevator, but we were staying in the first floor, so it didn't matter that much to us. So, overall, the price is excellent for what you get (with breakfast included!). I loved it and I would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 15 2008 	Good Location 	I stayed at the Meridiana Hotel in London last August.I selected the hotel because of the location mainly, and in this sense it is excellent : 5 minutes to King Cross Station, McDonalds and Burger King in 5 minutes, Italian and Hindi restaurants in 8 minutes. There is a nice park across the Hotel.My experience with front desk staff was mixed, as when I arrived one gentleman was very friendly and kind. But when I left, the lady at the front desk was very cold, careless , agressive and completely out of customer focus. Bad experience if you have to deal with that lady also.The rooms are small and clean, but the furniture is very old. It has been a long time that the hotel has not given any upgrade or maintenance to the rooms. The bathroom is super small , and in a similar way, there is lack of maintenance.Full English Breakfast is included and is ok.There is no internet available , and this is a minus.In summary, I would recommend it if you are looking for good location, but you do not mind about a room with old furniture and no maintenance.	
Sep 7 2008 	Worst B 	The room, service and general description was comletely different to what they claimed. The owner was not friendly and did not offer to help with our luggage; the room was the smallest we've stayed at; the TV was high up on the wall; the bathroom was so small that a large person would not be able to use the toilet; breakfast one cup of coffee and no offer of any more, and the smallest English breakfast we have ever been given.	
Sep 7 2008 	I Would Stay Here Again	This hotel served me well for my 5 night stay in London. It was conveniently located about a block from St. Pancras/King's Cross Station and there were plenty of eating establishments in the area. The en suite room was small but clean. The staff was helpful and even had my room ready early. The breakfast was included in the price and was a good way to start the day and meet people. I had never stayed in London so I can't compare the hotel to any others but I was pleased with what I got for the price and I would stay there again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Meets the need	I had a pleasant stay at Hotel Meridiana. I see negative reviews on trip advisor a lot and I think that people often must expect more than what you should expect for what you pay. This place is in central London, right across from St. Pancras station and while its not fancy it is clean. The staff are polite, the breakfast is satisfying and while the accommodations are simple they meet the need for an overnight stay. I would have been happy staying there longer if I needed somewhere. The only negative I have is the shower is a little scary, like a closet, but it does the job. If you want the ritz then pay for it.	
Jul 17 2008	Good for the money	This was a more than satisfactory room for the cheap price. It didn't have an en-suite, and the shower on our floor was under repair at the time, but they are the only negatives. The breakfast was good, the room was clean, the location was fine. There were several pubs dotted around the hotel where you clould get a reasonably priced meal and the staff were all very friendly. It was exactly right.	
Jul 3 2008 	You get what you pay for	Hottest day of the year so far, as I strolled into Argyle Square, stopped, looked around at all the other 'hotels' nestling alongside one another in their respective terraced facades, and girded my loins. The chap on reception seemed nice enough, but there the fun ended. I'd booked a double room for myself as it was quite a good price, but, as with most London hotels, it was a bit pokey. The en suite shower was tiny, only 5 channels on the 14&quot; telly, no telephone, no air con, no fridge or mini bar, and the creaking floor boards from the room above, especially in the small hours, truly reflected the price. And it was so hot, even with the tiny fan at full tilt. The next morning, feeling very fluffy from my previous nifghts' combination of too much fire water at the Scala, and not much kip, I ventured downstairs to the cramped breakfast room and asked for scrambled eggs and bacon and a cup of tea. The scrambled eggs were microwaved and resembled an omlette, and one rasher of bacon? I asked for some mushrooms. ' We don't do the mushrooms'. Fried tomatoes? 'We don't do the tomatoes'.After breakfast I settled up and left. But for 65 quid I should really stop moaning. Even the missus says I'm a fussy git when we go anywhere. Maybe that's why she didn't come.	
Jun 27 2008 	Cheap clean central efficient (ish)	I booked a twin room here for £65 B&amp;B after researching general availability on several websites and checking reviews on Tripadvisor.I would pretty much agree with most of the other posts on this hotel. It is very convenient for all means of public transport but located in a relatively quiet square near restaurants and pubs. It's within walking distance of the British Library, the British Museum, University College London and University of London.The room was tiny and the ensuite shower room minute but they were clean and everything was operational. The breakfast room was also small and waiting a few minutes for a table seemed usual; the food itself was completely acceptable. It cannot be stressed too much that to obtain accommodation of any standard in this part of London at this price is very difficult and most of it would be totally unacceptable to most people.In the location, this hotel is very good value for money but only for a short stay.	
Jun 18 2008 	Convenient and tidy	My husband and I stayed in a double room on the ground floor. We got to the hotel early (9am in the morning!) and even though we couldn't check in, they held our stuff for us which was a bonus! Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The staff was friendly, the breakfast was good. The room was small, but we expected that in London. It was a great location- one block away from Kings Cross station, but still quiet!	
Jun 11 2008 	Good value for money	Me, my mom and my sister stayed at the Hotel Meridiana for just a weekend at the end of May. Because we were only staying for the wekend, we decided to save some money and get a triple room with shared facilities. The good stuff: The hotel is located SO close to King's Cross, but you still can't hear all the traffic and ppl, because it's in Argyle Square. The rooms are nice and clean (a bit small maybe - but that's just London!), and the beds are a bit hard but still comforable. The owners are nice and helpfull when asking for advice. There are three shared showers, and we never had to stand in line. The rooms have sinks and tv's. The rooms are cheap!The less good stuff: Like so many other small London hotels, we had to lug our luggage up a narrow and steep staircase. The breakfast could be better, like a buffet, but there isn't room for that. The walls are very thin and if you're a light sleeper (like me), it can be very difficult to sleep when there's ppl walking back and forth in the hallway (earplugs helped).However, the good stuff (especially the price) make up for the less good, and I would definitly recommend the hotel to others, and stay there again myself.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great place for a great price	We were extremely happy to have found this charming hotel in the middle of London! The location is perfect: in a quiet street in a nice neighbourhood really close to King's Cross. The staff was very friendly.I stayed with my mother and sister in a bedroom with three beds. It was not big, but we fitted in fine. The room was clean, had a tv and we could make tea and coffee. The shared showers were fine too. Recommended.	
Jun 2 2008 	Typical London Small-Room Hotel (nice Brkfst)	Other reviews are correct. It truly is quite nice, close to KingsCross/Eurostar train and within London zone 1. You can even walk to Russell Sq. Of course, usual issues: Shower was on other floor, but worked fine and rooms are small and breakfast was early (7-9am). However, if this comes up as your cheapest choice, it is probably your best bet. Check Venere.com for lowest price, possibly.	
May 10 2008 	Not bad	I stayed here on 6th May with my partner, for the Celine Dion Concert.We booked a double room(£60).I had stayed at this hotel 18months before in a single room.I actually arrived at the hotel at 1130am and the checkin time was 2pm, the told the receptionist I would leave my bag and come back. She checked to see if the room was clean. But it was being cleaned so she gave me my key and told me to come back in 1hr. Not bad I thought.The location is great, very close to Kings Cross.The double room was small, the bed was a bit worn and my partner complained about the springs in the bed. We found a blanket in the cupboard and used it to cover the bed and then the springs were not that noticable.The bathroom/toilet was clean, but the shower was small, everytime I turned in the shower I turned the tap from hot to cold. So if u were of a large statue the shower would have been very difficult to use.The hotel still had the lovely complimentary toiletries and tea/coffee making facilities.The street was quiet and last week it was rather hot in London even with the window open but luckily there was a small portable fan in the room which was all what we needed.At about 7am we could hear the other guests moving around as they left their rooms etc. Breakfast was good, full english.All in all not a bad stay really, just a few minor negatives. But I gave this hotel 4 out of 5 for the single room 18months ago and for the double room I will give it 3.5 out of five.	
May 6 2008 	OK for a flying visit	We stayed at the Hotel Meridiana atthe end of April 2008. we were travelling to France the next day and wanted a stop-over hotel near St. Pancras.The location of the Meridiana is excellent if you are travelling to/from St. Pancras or King's Cross. It is literally two minutes walk from the entrance of both stations. It faces a tennis court and small square with trees, which, apart for the odd group of teenagers, is pretty quiet. The area was fine at night and we did not feel threatened or worried when we returned at around 22:30-23:00 at night. Our room was small and basic, as was to be expected. It had tea/coffee making facilities and a very, very small toilet and shower; however, it was unusual to get an en suite at this price so I should not complain! The TV was very high up, which made viewing quite difficult and the bed was very small. The whole hotel, and our room, was very clean and tidy.The major problem came in the form of noise. Any time anyone flushed their toilet we had five to ten minutes of noise in our room, also the door to each room had to be slammed to shut it, so that added to the decibels over night. We could hear those above us and next door when they got up - at 6:00am - the next day, too.The breakfast was also not good at all. The breakfast room had only four tables, so others had to be turned away whilst we ate. It was stiflingly hot, with a electric fire piping out heat. I had been told the hotel did not offer a vegetarian option at breakfast, so asked for corn flakes and a fried egg and beans. No cereal ever arrived. We had instant coffee and very greasy eggs, my husbands &quot;full English&quot; consisted on one wizen sausage, one piece of bacon, a spoon of beans and one egg. We had two bits of toast with this. The staff were fine, the hotel clean and the location great for our onward journey; however, I would not use the hotel again because I got very little sleep and the breakfast was awful.	
Apr 23 2008	Comfortable	I stayed in this hotel for a night after looking at other reviews. It was in a very convinient location, 5 min walk from King's Cross. Although it was only 5 mins from the station it was in a quiet location. I stayed in a single room. The room was clean and had all the basics that you would expect. The English Breakfast was not the best that I had tasted! But for 50 pounds I was pretty satisfied with my stay. I should say that the staff were very friendly and efficient.	
Mar 21 2008 	Fantastic !	High Cielings with huge window looking out over a park.Room 105 was their best.Very quiet ,sunny and warm. Near to train station and very excellent staff.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great London Location	Great place, extremely clean, literally 2 mins walk from Kings Cross. Extremely friendly staff. Good hearty breakfast. Tea/Coffee making facilities, TV. Small bathroom but adequate. They happily let you leave your lugagge after you check out until you leave the city.	
Dec 9 2007 	good value little hotel with excellent staff	A group of four of us stayed at the Meridiana for a trip to London .The room we stayed in was very clean ,had a good hot shower,clean towels liquid soap and shower gel , a TV , kettle and tea/coffee , a spare heater , windows that opened etc .Breakfast is an adequate English plus orange juice ,toast and tea/coffee . What really makes this place is the staff .The guy in reception (? the owner ) is extremely helpful , as are the women in the kitchen and other staff . Don't expect the Ritz when you are paying hostel prices but you can expect helpful staff and a clean hotel .The hotel is sooooooo convenient ( 2-3 minutes from Underground/mainline rail stations ) but on a side street which is very quiet .We would definitely stay here again !	
Nov 30 2007 	great location	hotel is in a great location,1 minute walk to underground,3 mins to st pancras.for the price you pay you cant really complain,room was spotless and cleaned everyday,breakfast was very good,fast and tasty.on the downside,the room was obviously going to be small and anyone above average size may find the bed just too small,also the shower looks big but the controls are on the wrong wall,every time you turn round you knock the lever making the shower either red hot or freezing cold lol.the floorboards are also very creaky in the rooms above,you can hear everything,and i mean everything!all in all i would recomend the hotel if you are only stopping for 2 or 3 nites,any longer and i would look for something a little better but as i said,for the price in such a great location its fine.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great budget place	I chose this hotel because of the relative low price and the fairly good revieuws on this site. I was not disappointed. It's located just steps from King's Cross or St. Pancras International, just 15 min. with the subway to get into London centre. The place itself is quite old, the room decorated fairly spartan, but it was clean, and really, we didn't need any more. We were a little worried because the window didn't close completely and it was a fairly cold night (freezing!) but the heating worked very well and we weren't cold at all. The breakfast isn't that great, just corn flakes or a greasy sausage/beans/egg but hey, it's something to get you going. The staff is friendly, checking in early was not a problem at all.It's terribly hard to find a decent, cheap place to stay in London, I'd say this would be a good choice.	
Oct 18 2007 	No frills but good deal for London	Meridiana was good for a tight budget in London. The en suite room was spartan, with just the basic bed-closet-tiny bathroom-dresser, but quiet and clean. Considering that the cost was 1/2 the price of the chain hotel up the block, it was a great deal. The property is more like a &quot;micro-hotel&quot; than what you would expect as a more personal &quot;B&amp;B&quot; in other parts of the UK. However, the staff was friendly, especially the reception desk. They were eager to give us everything we needed during our stay and were quite cheery. Expect the traditional &quot;Engish Breakfast&quot;, with eggs/bacon/sausage/toast/juice, in a smallish dining room. You may have to wait for a table and/or share with housemates. Beware the sausage! The location was ideal for us - on a little square full of similiar properties, two blocks walk from King's Cross Station. This put London only about 10 minutes away by tube, and the train station is right next door to the Underground station. Be sure you don't miss the British Library, just a few blocks away. They have orignal documents on display like the Gutenburg Bible, work from WIlliam Blake, and even Mozart and the Beatles. You can also visit Platform 9 3/4 in King's Cross if you're a Harry Potter fan. We liked our stay at Meridiana and would consider them again if we return to London.	
Oct 15 2007 	If you require a weekend base this is the place it's ace!	Background of VisitThis was my second stay at The Meridiana. My friend and I travel to London once a year for gigs and a social weekend, so for us, this place is perfect in every way as it is only briefly used as a place to get our heads down and have breakfast before heading out into the city. LocationEasy to find with it being literally 3 minutes walk from Kings Cross/St. Pancras station, so access around London on the tube is a doddle. If you enjoy walking (as we do), Grays Inn Road is just around the corner, which will lead you to Holborn which has great pubs and eating places, which also is not that far from Covent Garden and the more 'popular' areas. There are plenty of cash machines around too.HotelSituated in a very quiet area opposite a grassy Square. Our clean twin room had ensuite shower and usual room facilities and the english breakfast is fine (obviously 2 big greedy northern boys like us can eat loads more, but it is still suffice and sets you on your way).StaffPerfectly friendly, helpful chap (who I think owns/runs the place) booked us swiftly in. Other staff in the breakfast room are pleasant too. No complaints from us!ConclusionIf you want a cheap, clean, friendly and well located weekend base in central London, i haven't stayed anyway better and i've been visiting for the last 6 years and wouldn't stay anywhere dodgy. Excellent!	
Oct 6 2007 	ok	hi stayed here with a friend for one night, as we were going to the west end to see grease, the woman on reception was lovely and the breakfast was ok, the room we got, 306 was terrible, right next to the toilet, so no sleep, plus no lift so lugging cases up to the third floor wasnt very nice, also one toilet and one shower for that whole floor is shocking, the queues were terrible.	
Sep 23 2007 	good clean basic	room very small but extremely clean. Staff pleasant. would stay again.	
Sep 20 2007 	Good Affordable Stay	Overall had a good stay especially for the price and breakfast included. The only major negative part of this hotel is that they have no lift and we got the 3rd floor so lugging up our huge suitcases filled with liquor, clothes, souvenirs was not pleasant at all. But reception lady was really nice, very informative when we asked about getting to the British Museum and even handed us a map which was alot more helpful than other maps we printed online. Our room was a double but because we had a third companion so we were able to get a pretty decent cot for 10 GBP for the night and no extra person charge which was fine by us. I wish we did rent the en suite bathroom instead of sharing but since we only stayed here for one night it was fine. Found it a bit odd though having a sink in our room. Didn't like how there was only 1 bathroom and 1 shower for entire 3rd floor so there was alot of waiting for available facilities. Location itself was great since we were flying out the next day all we had to do was walk to Kings Cross Thameslink instead of taking the Tube. Ideally located for all your needs - - railway, tube, banks, food. Can't complain at all. I had a great sleep, nice clean beds. Overall, only paying 48 GBP for the hotel with breakfast located, can't do much worse.	
Jun 8 2007 	Nice B	Booked by calling the hotel directly. At £34 per night for a single room, the prices were very reasonable for central London. It is 3 minutes on foot to the tube station and Kings Cross rail station, and easy to find.Check-in was smooth and they take travellers cheques (mine were in pounds sterling), which is a plus.I stayed four nights (over three stays). The rooms can be a bit noisy - the windows didn't really keep out noise from the playground across the road - but the room was immaculate and comfortable. Bathrooms and showers are clean, too.Breakfast is filling and includes juice and tea or coffee. Sometimes the breakfast room is empty; other times it is packed - it depends on the ebb and flow of guests.I would definitely stay here again. Great value for money!	
May 21 2007 	Very good budget choice	Good position, within walking distance of Euston and Kings Cross stations Even the fleshpots of Islington are accessible! I had a single on the third floor, overlooking Argyll Square - light and airy. The shared shower and toilet areas were spotless, and common areas looked clean, if a bit faded. Breakfast less than hearty, but adequate. Staff all seemed to be from overseas, appropriate for a city as cosmopolitan as London. Efficient, and not unfriendly. All in all, pretty good for an all-in charge of £32.	
May 18 2007 	Great Accomodation for the Single Traveller!	Stayed 7 nights at the Meridiana in early May 2007. Friendly greeting by staff (and always very prompt, friendly responses to my e-mail enquiries prior to arrival). Single room with shared bath was very small, but surprisingly comfortable. Impeccably clean, though I would have appreciated daily vacuuming. Toilet and shower facilities well maintained and always clean. My room overlooked a nice park across the street in Argyle Square and it was incredbly quiet given its location only one block from busy Euston Rd. Very easy access to Kings Cross tube, from which I launched my daily sightseeing. Very nice pubs and Indian restaurants in the immediate neighborhood. English or continental breakfast were offered each morning - always freshly prepared and with friendly service. Very highly recommended for budget travellers, either solo or with small families!!!	
May 4 2007 	Very good price clean great locationa little bit more friendliness please	We stayed in a double room en suite for 60 pounds a night for 3 nights. The room was small but OK, so was the bathroom. It was very clean and the room was cleaned again every morning which was great. The location is brilliant as it is just 100m from Kings Cross station from where we got to lots of places via the underground or the buses (check them out, they are much better than the underground in off-peak hours: you can see the city, they stop every few minutes and they go to lots of interesting places) very easily.The breakfast room was small and we had to wait between 5 and 10 minutes everyday to be seated, this was OK. The breakfast was average, but we had not expexted more. The staff should have been a little bit friendlier in the breakfast room: they only had smiles for guests from their home country, never for anyone else...For 55 or 60 pounds this hotel with its location and cleanliness is very good value . I would definitely go back there.	
Mar 23 2007	We had a great stay	My husband and I enjoyed our stay at the Meridiana. It was close to Kings Cross station, so it was easy to get on the subway and get all over town. There are a bunch of restaurants nearby and the postoffice is just down the street (i.e. internet and phone cards). The room was a decent size for the two of us and was cleaned every day. We thought it was a good value for our money.	
Feb 25 2007	Good Value Great Location Will be back!	I booked this hotel through a website and read the online reviews. I was looking for a place to stay with my sisters as a break away. We arrived at 8am after getting the Sleeper train from Edinburgh. I had called the hotel previously to let them know this and was told it wasn't a problem. When we arrived our bags were taken and stored for us and we signed in. Our room wouldn't be ready until about 1pm. We understood this and headed out for some breakfast.The hotel is in a great location, oply 2 mins from Kings Cross Tube station which has majority of the lines running through it.We were advised to get the three day pass by Reception as it would save us a lot of money. It did!The room itself was basic, but was just what I expected. Triple bedded room, tea/coffee making facilities, open wardrobe, sink and mirror in room (we had no en suite). Beds were clean and room kept well.The shared shower and toilet facilities weren't a problem, although the mats in the shower rooms were really hard and quite sore to stand on, but i'd rather that than slip and fall. Showers had great pressure and hot!! Didn't ever have to wait for the shower or bathroom at any point, even though hotel was full.Breakfast room was small but didn't mind waiting. Efficient service, once were seated we had orange juice and toast in front of us and our order taken. We were fussy too and didn't take the full breakfast. But our requests were not a problem.Check out was simple (I had prepaid the room) we asked to leave our bags till later on, this was no problem and they were stored till we collected them at 5pm.Great place to stay if your looking for simple budget accommodation in London.Will definately be back.	
Feb 3 2007 	second time around	this is the second time we have stayed at the meridiana, last year was for our daughters birthday treat of shopping and the theatre. this time myself and daughter for a shopping trip, husband happy that we were staying as knew he would not be worried about accomodation. situated in a nice quiet square with little park over the road. the hotel was very clean, rooms are not huge but who is bothered when you are out all day only need somewhere to lay your head.(ensuite large enough and towels nice and clean and soft. staff a credit to the hotel and the breakfast staff as well as the breakfast were very nice. one good thing for us we were allowed to leave our suitcase whilst we went shopping and collected on our way back to the railway station late in the evening. hotel close to kings cross, st pancreas railway stations and underground to all of London sights and shopping. i know where we will be staying again on next visit to london and would not hesitate to tell family and friends. although i have not compared prices with anywhere else as this was the first place i tried do not think was overpriced.	
Jan 17 2007	wanna catch an illness... here's the place to go!!	When i stayed at this hotel. It was my first london holiday. I was very looking forward to the week ahead, looking forward to the sight seeing, shopping, the break, staying in a b and b and generally being in london!! I'd never had more than a day out in london before, and was excited about the whole experience. Unfortunatley an illness i picked up and the accomodation ruined the whole entire week for me. On arrival, i was told i was going to be placed in a newly refurbished single room whilst my dad was going to be placed in another room. My dad was put on a top floor, whilst i was put in the basement. Newly refurbished.. even better i thought!! Even though i was in the basment.. In a room down the end of a corridor and the room,being smaller than my home bathroom, which could have only be described as a dungeon!! I tried to not let it put me off, as i would only use the room to put my stuff in to sleep, wash and dress in. The room itself did look like it had been recently done, but the matteress on the bed was so big for the bed i kept sliding off it and could have done myself an injury.. As i was in a lonely basment, outside my window was a little alley where i lay there at night scared that someone would attempt to break in, and had a bush outside brushing against my window ... with a street light or some kind of night light partly shining down on.. which at night resembled something out of a horror movie.The cleanliness of the room was AVERAGE. Next to my room, was the toilet, it was not much bigger than your average telephone box, with no hand wash facillitys in, that had bricks- yes bricks in for decoration, that was partly missing off the walls exsposing the pipes. At breakfast we was expecting a full cooked breakfast and cheerful service. We got neither!! We wasn't asked what we would like apart from if we wanted tea or coffee. We had a woman who did not know how to cook let alone smile serving us!! She brought the hot drink, then shoved in front of us a bowl of cornflakes and barely done toast at the same time that was stone cold by the time you ate it. One morning we had a quiet word and asked her to toast the toast, no apologies! just a grumpy look. Then a cooked breakfast consisting of a runny egg, a slice of bacon, and a tablespoon of beans.No choice. No alternative. The real blow to the holiday was, before i used their shower facilitys i was fine in myself.It was dirty, with broken side window. Following using there shower, i picked up a serious case of tonsilitis, and spent the rest of the week in agony, with a swollen, red throat, unable to drink, eat. Or speak. Or sleep properly at night due to my bed. My sight seeing that week was limited and i spent my last 3 days there going to the hotel in the afternoon, and sleeping through pure exhaustion of an illness i picked up from this hotel, a poor bed, very little food or drink in me. The staff who spoke to me, we're ignorant of my illness and when they spoke to me, they didn't care that i was struggling to reply as i was in pain and very ill. When i tried to explain i couldn't talk very well.I went home feeling like i hadn't had a holiday. Spending the week in a dungeon, quite ill, with unpleasent staff.	
Jan 13 2007 	Great Value A Bit Dingy	Hotel Meridiana is amazingly affordable for London-- L58 for a 2-person en suite room. And the location is great-- 2 minutes walk from King's Cross underground station, so we were able to get anywhere in London within 30 minutes. The surrounding neighborhood is pretty lively, even late at night-- I was never the only person on the street, even coming home at midnight. However, several times I had to pass through clouds of pot smoke on the surrounding streets, which is a bit disconcerting. I never felt unsafe, but I did have my guard up just like I would in an American city. Our room was in the basement and smelled faintly of mildew-- there were some spots in the shower-- and the carpet looked pretty grimy. But the sheets were clean and the bed was comfortable. The full English breakfast was more than I could eat-- I stuck to corn flakes and toast. The breakfast room is small, but the staff are very quick and efficient and make sure that everyone gets served, even if it's after breakfast hours when you get seated. On balance, this was a great value for 3 nights. But I think if I were staying longer, the dinginess of the basement room would wear on me.	
Jan 7 2007 	Hotel Meridiana is a deal!	Unfortunately, I reserved with this hotel using a service called TSN HOTEL BOOKING(online). I was charged $45.00 which I thought was a deposit on my stay. When I arrived the owner told me that there was, in fact, no deposit. The $45 was for the reservation service. I have never been charged such an amount and want to warn others. The owner said that he pays an high fee, as well, to use their services. Please be careful and go directly to the hotel website when booking!!!The hotel was in a great neighborhood, about a block away from the King's Cross Tube Station. It was very close to Leicester Square and Covent Garden Stations. The hotel was very quiet and the room was a tiny single for the price of about 35 pounds. The bathroom was brand new and was very clean. There was, however, no phone and no safe in the room. There also was no way to bolt the door when you were in it- there was only one lock.The breakfast was served in the basement and was a full English breakfast. The only complaint was that the room was about 100 degrees.I did see other beds and breakfasts down the street that appeared to have larger &quot;public&quot; rooms where I would probably stay the next time.If you are not spooked by the terror bombing in the tube station a couple of years ago, this is a great area, very close to Camden town. It is also directly on the Piccadilly line which comes directly from Heathrow and to go to VICTORIA station, you have the VICTORIA line which makes it easy to get to the GATWICK EXPRESSOne problem with the room was the various crust stains on the bedspread. I had to keep it covered with my sheet and try not to touch it. Otherwise, I was very happy with with the budget accommodations of this hotel. I did not expect much more. frankraffa@aol.com	
Nov 21 2006 	would book it again without hesitating	This hotel was JUST what I expected: quiet, close to the tube, pretty central, clean, friendly, good breakfast. I knew before that I would have to share the shower etc. with others, so that was okay, too - and since there was cold and hot water in the room as well, not a problem ... Would book this hotel again without hesitating!	
Nov 16 2006 	excellent budget hotel	just back from one night in london at the hotel meridianawent to wembley arena to see bruce springsteen and wanted somewhere near to kings cross station for ease of my journey to and from scotlandcouldnt get much closer to the station about a 2 minute walk reception was very friendly and helpful my debit card had been swallowed by an autoteller in a bank machine in edinburgh but with some help from the reception managed to find a branch of the halifax to get some cash to pay for my room thanks also to the manager for all his help with this problem i was in room 201 at the top of the stairs over looking the park which was really quiet i asked for a single room which was really clean had a tv and tea and coffee facilities and a sink toilets were at the end of the corridor and the shower was opposite my doori got up the next morning after a good nights comfortable sleep and thoroughly enjoyed my english breakfast the dining room only has 4 tables but service was quick and the food was excellent the americans must have big thimbles (read other reviews) as the orange juice was served in a regular sized glass the breakfast wasnt greasy the portions were a good size  toast and tea and breakfast was all made especially for youi checked out at 930am to get the train home and would definetly use this hotel again for a break in london with easy access to the tube network	
Oct 8 2006 	Great value in London	My fiancee and I stayed in a double room (en-suite) for 5 nights in late September. Things to note:-The best thing about this place is its location. It's a 2 minute walk from Kings Cross. Also, there are several places to eat, a few banks, and a post office (with internet stations) just around the corner. The street where the hotel itself is located is quiet.-The room was very small, but was clean and kept up pretty well. -The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the guy who worked afternoons/nights at reception.-The breakfast was decent, but the breakfast hours are from 7-9 and the room is very small (seats less than 20), so we made sure to get there at 7am so that we wouldn't have to share tables or wait for a seat.For what we paid (55 pounds total per night), I think this place is a great value for London.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Value for London	My husband, teenage daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights sharing a three bed, non ensuite room. We heartily agree that it was perfectly adequate for our requirements. A great location in Kings Cross; approx a 2 minute walk to the train station. Not having an ensuite wasn't a problem as we didn't have to wait once for the shower etc. Amazing as the hotel was full. We were on the 3rd floor but it was suggested to us by the management that we go down 1 floor to use the shower there when we found the showers on our floor to be faulty. This was no hassle, however we will try for an ensuite room next time!The room was spotless and had a washbasin, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and a TV, with just enough room for 3 of us with biggish sized suitcases.Excellent breakfasts. A truly fantastic find for London at a very reasonable rate.	
Sep 10 2006 	Clean quiet accommodation	We throughly enjoyed our six nights at this Hotel. Our room was on the first floor, double eb-suite. Room was small, but clean and comfortable. Room serviced each day, staff were friendly and helpful. Very conveniently located to Kings Cross Underground station giving good access to city attractions. Get a day rover pass (zones one and two) to use on Buses and tube trains. Available all day after 0930 hours.We did a hop on hop off tour on day one to get our bearings, after that finding our way around was fairly easy using Meridiana as a base. Hotel is in a very quiet location opposite a small park.Couple, New Zealand.	
Jul 9 2006	cosy and convient	My husband and I spent one night at this hotel. The location is excellent, minutes from Kings cross. The area is quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed in room 2, which was ensuite. The room wasnt huge but enough just for two. There is tea/coffee making facitilies, we bought some milk as there was only milk powder sachets. The room had a cosy feel to it and the bed was comfy. The bathroom was a little bit small, but was clean and everything worked ok. It was adquate for us and would stay there again if we decided to come to london again for a break.	
Jun 30 2006	Not Suitable for old lads	good location, very close to King's cross station.. the room was adequate, we didn't stay at the en-suite room, and this sometimes caused problems as we had to share one bathroom with other 16 people in one floor. Really not recommended for elderly people if you have to stay at 2nd or 3rd floor. the stairs are quite steep and if you have knee problem like me, You know what Im talking about (I stayed at 3rd floor). The people are nice and friendly, but they couldn't do anything to get me moved to lower room as It was peak season. Overall, good room, proper facilities (towels and tea), clean bathroom (although the water pressure was so frustating). we didn't experience the breakast there (the breakfast room always full). better not stay there on summer	
Jun 6 2006	Pleasant little hotel	2 minute walk from Kings Cross, bus stop close by with buses that run frequently and every 10 minutes throughout the night. The hotel is very clean which is always our main concern. The room was small but sufficient with a little shower room. You may have to share a table at breakfast time, but the staff are pleasant and food nice. The hotel is very reasonably priced and was more than sufficient for our 2 night stay in London before we jetted off on honeymoon. We are planning on booking this hotel on our next trip to London.	
Apr 1 2006	Great position good hotel good prices	Very central and very close to main tube-station. In really quite and nice location. Good breakfast and very helpfull and friendly staff. Probably the room are too small, but if you need it just to sleep is a good accomodation. Absolutly I will use it again for my next trips to London.	
Feb 23 2006	If You Want And Expect 4/5 Star	Then do not stay here....at under £50 per night including breakfast what do you expect?? The rooms were clean, the breakfast was hot and freshly made and it was exactly what we expected for £50...The staff were very pleasant and the location was great for central London.Amenities were basic and included TV in room En suite shower and tea/coffee facilities...but beware powdered milk.Th e only other thing was no hairdryer in room	
Feb 12 2006	Great place	My husband and me spent three nights at the Hotel Meridiana, and it was great. We stayed at an en-suite room, not very big but enough for two people, very clean and nice, with TV and tea arrangements, and the bathroom was good, with clean towels every day.The english breakfast was good enough, made at the moment, and complete. The placewas pleasant and the staff was very kind. And, of course, only two minutes walking to King's Cross, where you find 6 underground lines and trains. In short, it is a Hotel with an excellent quality/price relation.	
Nov 25 2004	Watch-out protect your vacation memories	I made a reservation for this hotel for our family vacation in London. Unfortunately, we have to cancel our trip to London. The Hotel refused to return my deposit, even though I cancelled the reservation two weeks ahead of time. We don't have any plans to vacation in London in the future. So, we consider this as stealing at broad day light and with impunity.	
Feb 21 2004	Great Location and Value	We stayed five nights at the Hotel Meridiana in February 2004. We had decided that we wanted to stay in a budget hotel so that we could spend our money on dining, attractions, day trips, etc. We got a non-en-suite double for only 37.5 pounds per night...one of the cheapest deals I could find on the Internet. The hotel was at Argyle Square near Kings Cross station, and, as a previous reviewer noted, this is a great location. It is about a two minute walk to the Kings Cross station, and the Underground links to about 5 different lines from this station so you can get just about anywhere in London very easily. There are a lot of other hotels around the area, it was well lit, and we felt safe walking around the area, even at night. The hotel itself was nothing special, but a good value for what we paid. The bed was a little firm, but manageable, and the shared bathroom facilities were clean. The bedroom had its own pedestal sink and tile backsplash and quaint country furniture. There was no telephone in the room, but a 13 inch color television with good reception. The staff was friendly and helpful...they even let us check in early, about 11:00 am, on our arrival date (since our flight from Atlanta got in early in the morning, we were exhausted from the trip, so it was nice not to have to wait until 2:00 pm). The previous reviewer's description of the breakfast was pretty accurate, but it didn't offend my wife and I near as much as them. I thought it was pretty good...what do you want for 37.5 pounds? Unfortunately I don't have any basis for comparison, but I can't imagine any of the other hotels in this price range being much better. If you're looking to spend your vacation dollars on something other than lodging, the Hotel Meridiana is a pretty safe way to go.	
Jun 5 2003	Great location bad hotel		
Sep 9 2009 	Uniquement pour ceux qui n'accordent que peu d'importance au confort et qui ont un budget serré.		
Aug 29 2009 	propre petit et pratique et super bien placé		
Aug 14 2009 	Petit mais propre et calme		
Aug 3 2009 	Rapport qualité/prix au top		
Jun 4 2009 	Accettabile per lo standard di Londra		
May 9 2009 	Hotel consigliato		
Apr 1 2009 	Bella Scoperta		
Oct 30 2008	??????		
Oct 15 2008 	Bon emplacement		
May 27 2008 	Für London Top Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
May 26 2008 	gute Lage - preisgünstig		
Nov 22 2007 	Hotel Meridiana consigliatissimo		
Jul 6 2007	Sehr gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
Oct 8 2006 	Tolles Hotel in erstklassiger Lage		
