Jul 6 2009 	musty humid and no bbc1!	Ok, soooo I stayed here 1 night. 1 night was enough. At £70 during the wimbledon championships I thought it was fairly pricey. I was right, no air con.....that room had some serious heat building up in it, no toileteries, serious plug socket shortage, nearest one to the bed was across the room next to the tv.I was hoping to watch some tennis on the night after the live stuff i was viewing during the day, problem no digital tv, no available red button, no bloody bbc 1. Are you kidding me man. Sort it out travel lodge. Room reaches incredible heat during the day suggest not leaving laptop or anything chocolatey in thereBus stop no#93 is right outside the carpark. A little dark and dingy all in all. Internet at cost in rooms.	
May 20 2009 	not a place i would come back to in a hurry	stayed at this travel lodge last weekend and paid £60 for a double room, i was expecting basic but nonetheless comfortable and clean. i have to say from the minute i wallked in the door there was no plus side to our stay apart from the door out..the place was fairly run down cold and the rooms werte tatty in other words you would expect more for your money. in future i would rather pay double price for a comfortable decent hotel before i would revisit this travel lodge.	
Apr 17 2009 	Travelodge - Morden Wimbledon	Use this travelodge and was over charged and still waiting for refund after 1 week. Customer Services a joke at both there call centre and the travelodge and with this experience we will now stop using travelodge because this is not the first time this has happened.Overcharged because there call centre took payment and then when we come to check in hotel said no payment was made and would not allow us to check in and so had to give payment details only to find they had charged us twice	
Dec 22 2008 	OK but not great for the money	Chose this motel because of its proximity to a funeral my wife and I were attending. Booked online about 3 days before the funeral and had to pay full price of about £65, as all the cheap deals had gone. The website told me I had the last room but a friend booked online on the day before the funeral and got a room without any problems.The motel description advised that there was quite limited parking. In fact, the hotel and the Harvester next door occupy a large plot and share a large car park, so parking was not a problem.The decor in the hotel and carpets etc were rather tired and needed a &quot;makeover&quot;. However, our non-smoking double room was clean and comfortable and everything worked. Although there was a Harvester pub next door, it was not part of the motel and so the only breakfast available at the motel was a prepackaged continental offering at around £5.For what we paid, I felt that the accommodation was expensive. Unlike another motel chain you have to pay up front in full. There is an optional cancellation policy that you can purchase for £1. However, based on experiences with another Travelodge booking which I had to cancel, it is very difficult to get your money back.Would I stay at this motel again? Only if I could get a cheap rate deal.	
Dec 17 2008 	Needs some tlc	We didn't book until a couple of days before our stay (maybe all the best rooms were gone?) So we didn't get a 'cheap' deal £66.00 for room only accomodation. We weren't expecting a palace, but were expecting better than we got.....On the plus side - the bed was comfortable, sheets were pristine clean, the room was a fair size. The staff were very pleasant and helpful.On the down side - the bathroom needs a deep clean or redecorating, looked yuk! Glad we were only there one night and could get home to our nice clean bathroom the next morning. There were dirty marks on the wall in the bedroom which looked like they could have been cleaned off. The curtains looked tatty. The aroma in the room wasn't pleasant - we wonder if this was a smoking room that had not been deep cleaned since the smoking ban was introduced? Really wished we had booked at the Holiday Inn - it was a little further away from the party we were going too, and a few quid more, but on reflection I'm sure it would have been nicer.On the whole it did the job we needed it to, a comfortable bed for one night to save us driving home from a party, but wouldn't stay there again, and as this was our first experience of Travelodge we would think twice about using them in the future.	
Nov 19 2008 	Bargain Accommodation on a budget!	As the old saying goes &quot; You get what you pay for!&quot;Paying just £45.00 for a hotel room on the outskirts of South West London during the Summer holidays - I didn't expect a 5* experience. I did expect decent, clean, standard accommodation with no frills but basic needs which is exactly what we got!!Whilst on holiday at my friends in Cornwall, we had planned a trip to an England footy match at Wembley as a treat for her son and two friends. All we needed was an over night place to rest our heads, somewhere the kids (12 and 18) would be comfortable and somewhere not too costly. The Travel Lodge fitted the bill!Driving the 4 hour trip from Bude, you want to ensure that there is ample parking so that the car is practically in reception. Ample indeed the parking facitlities are! Even in the height of the Summer hols the car was parked in seconds a couple of metres from the front door. Simple check in - bog standard reception area, bored looking staff but quick and easy.The rooms all on one level were situated nearby - the boys to the rear of the hotel overlooking Morden Park, us to the front overlooking the car park! All you would expect from a budget hotel; decent size rooms, standard bathroom with shower over bath, double/twin beds with very thin but 'can cope with' mattress and duvet, basic tea and coffee making facilities and TV with terrestrial channels.Generally a down to earth, basic almost Butlns style type of accommodation where you don't worry if the kids decide to use the bed as a trampoline for half hour or so!!We knew the area well having lived in the region for over 20 years - but if you don't then please don't be fooled by the name Travel Lodge Morden/WIMBLEDON! Wimbledon is in fact a good 15 - 20 minute drive in traffic and atleast a 45 minute walk even through the back roads. If you are coming to Wimbledon for the tennis or theatre - try Wimbledon town centre hotels such as the Phoenix or Antionette. You'll be sadly disappointed if you book in here and expect to be on the doorstep of SW19.Like many Travel Lodges, the Morden/Wimbledon hotel is in an 'out of town' location . Morden town centre is accessible by many buses along the main high road but is still a fair walk of 15-20 mins and has limited parking in the town centre if you are thinking of taking the car!On a high point - although booked on a room only basis, the hotel is directly opposite a very good Harvester restaurant should you feel the need for a hearty meal. The early bird menu offered great value for money traditional English /American dinner which the kids devoured.All in all a bog standard package. Generally very good value for money on a cheap budget but if the room rate exceeds 60 quid think about trying elsewhere.	
Mar 3 2008	Any Dream Will Do	Second time we have used this Travelodge. Both times we have travelled into London to see a show and it's very easy to go to the centre of London on the underground. Very comfortable, clean accommodation. Friendly, helpful staff on reception. Free parking is a bonus. Good meal had at Harvester Restaurant next door. We booked online about two months before the date and it cost £29 for a twin room. Good value for money.	
Feb 20 2008 	OK place	Not a bad place. The rooms where clean and very basic. Ladies beware no hairdryer or toiletries. The bed was very comfortable and the pillows excellent. The staff where very helpful and nothing seemed to be a problem. Bus stop round the corner No 93 this takes you into Morden right outside tube station. Morden is a 5 min bus ride, nothing much to do in Moden. Approx 18 stops to central London about 40 mins. There is a harvester in the car park which opens at 12.00, the food and prices looked OK. We stayed here as we where visiting relatives. They had a car so it was easy enough for us to get about. We paid £71 for a family room per night. Would I stay here again Yeah………	
May 27 2007 	ok cheap and cheerful	Not bad, just needed somewhere to stay while on a course. Was efficient and clean. Nothing outstanding but nothing bad either. Good sized car park and a harvester next door which served good food. Useful to have the car park with london parking difficult.	
Jul 1 2006	They think of everything!	Booked this through Travel-Now which search engine came up with. Confirmation had right hotel but address for Travelodge Wellingborough. This took days to sort out but problem was with American based Travel-now as opposed to Travelodge who kindly thanked me for pointing out the fault. We went midweek for 2 nights as a base for Wimbledon. Staff were young but friendly enough. As the tennis was on we were charged £80 per night which had jumped up from the £46 quoted, albeit we were told this was the correct rate for Wellingborough. Think we were told we would be £79 and noted that room rate was'nt advertised in reception. The room had the basics but was in need of a clean, my wife having found half a tin of Vaseline which had been left under the bed. There was a light missing its cover and some dents in the walls. The bed linen was clean enough and bed was comfortable. As it was one of the warmest days of the year, air conditioning would have been nice and we slept on top of the covers. The shower was tempremental running hot and cold and the tap sprayed the water about. There was also a hole in the bathroom floor. Some biscuits with the tea/coffee would also have been nice as the price was for room only however the staff would have probably given if i'd asked but i had already been for teabags for the morning, extra pillows and towels.	
Jun 1 2006	Great for the price	We only paid £26 per night for a family room on Fri &amp; Sat over a bank holiday weekend and for the cost were not expecting much but were pleasantly suprised. Travelodge seem to have great deals like this if you book via the website, otherwise the price was about £56 per night.The reception staff were friendly and willing to offer advice on the area. The room was light and spacious with a TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, plenty of wardrobe space etc... and the beds were clean and comfortable. The only downside was the shower which didn't seem to stay at a consistent pressure and kept running hot then cold so we ended up taking baths instead. Would recommend.	
