Sep 25 2009 	One word: Sumptuous!	What a gem of a find! I purposely waited until 24 hours before my intended stay to find a room for my overnight visit in London, as hotels usually release the rooms they can't sell themselves to other companies to sell at lower rates in order to fill the rooms.So I was extremely lucky to find a room available at the Fox Club. £200 (room only) for a Junior suite.Though the website looked very nice, I really wasn't sure what to expect. So as a result was blown away by the incredible value for money because the reality far exceeded all my expectations.The only downside was that room number 6 (I think the &quot;Cavendish&quot;) is situated about 3 floors up and there is no lift.However the room is quiet, bright and airy, large and roomy with high quality furnishings and attention to details. With the most sumptuous of beds! Incredibly comfortable with high quality sumptuous bedding. The bed was made up of 2 singles joined together so very large.Staff are very friendly and helpful. The breakfast (which wasn't included in my rate) is in a beautiful light and airy room with glass domed ceiling. Soft comfortable furnishings. Breakfast is ordered a la carte and starts from as little as £5.All in all I would wholly recommend!	
Aug 18 2009	What a fantastic find	What a fantastic find this hotel was. Great West End location &amp; just metres from nearest tube (Green Park). Clean &amp; newly decorated room with a well appointed, large bathroom complete with Molton Brown toiletries.Friendly &amp; courteous staff.The only reason I am not giving a 5 star rating is because of missing lamp from one bedside table &amp; blown light bulb in lamp on 2nd table. Shoddy housekeeping that could have been so easily remedied.	
Aug 3 2009 	The Fox Club was really fab and met all expectations	We were in London to attend the Royal Garden Party at Buckingham Palace and the Fox Club couldn't have been handier - just a short stroll across grenn Park and you are at the main gates. The hotel is just a couple of streets down from Green Park tube station (on the same side as M&amp;S), its small and discrete frontage hides the fact that it is a really top place to stay - I can recommend room 6 - lovely and quiet as it was at the back of the hotel, no lift but always a willing pair of hands to help with luggage. The room was a decent size and beautifully furnished with a seperate dressing area and a small but well appointed bath room with a great (over the bath) shower with a dinner plate sized shower head !. Breakfast a little on the expensive side but in keeping with London prices, good coffee and very good sized portions. All the people working there were friendly and very helpful. Will certainly stay again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice central location easy to find	Stayed here for one night, very clean and tidy, staff helpful and friendly.Easy to get to here into Piccadilly/West End either walking or via Underground.No lift though, not a problem for us but if you less able bodied the stairs could be a problem.Room was beautiful, only problem is if you are at the front and wish to sleep with the windows open, don't! As is usual for any city centre people can't go home quietly or without having a scrap with someone (there is a night club on the corner). In fairness to the hotel there is air con and they have done their best to alleviate the noise with double windows.	
May 27 2009 	Suite Dreams	Great location two blocks from Green Park tube station and the Ritz. Small hotel with a cosy bar and adjoining dining/breakfast room. Although we were late to breakfast there was still plenty on offer, greek yoghurt, fresh blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, kumquat, bananas, apples, etc, juices, cereals, cold meat and cheese, boiled eggs, pain au chocolate and croissants and the offer of toast. There are 2 rooms on the first floor (which is not ground floor) and the fire door does bang shut on the landing and can be bothersome if you happen to have these rooms. We had a suite which had a lovely king bed and then a single in an alcove on the way to the bathroom. Everything about this room was fresh and inviting. Good quality duvet and proper pillows, bedside lights, efficient air con. Molton Brown products in the bathroom - slight fluctuation with the shower water pressure. It was lovely and quiet and I would return and unreservedly recommend this hotel to friends. The staff were warm, helpful and polite .	
Jul 26 2008 	Don't stay in Room 1!	Needed a room for one night as a stop-gap. Got a room at the Fox Club through 'Laterooms.com' but not at a fantastically reduced rate. Staff very friendly and helpful especially re: the amazing history of the place but the room!!! Room 1 is in the basement with heavy duty air-con machinery outside the window. The door knob to the bathroom was not attached to the door and looked as if it had been like that for some time. We were told that the TV was not working 'at the moment' and that they were waiting for an engineer. There were no bedside lights so you have to get out of bed to switch off the light in the far corner of the room. As it's a basement room it's obviously very dark too. Although the place has great atmosphere, helpful staff and is steeped in history they shouldn't let room 1 out at the prices we were charged. Beware.	
Jul 12 2008 	Foxy again!	Second time staying here, as the location is perfect for us and especially like the friendliness of the bar. Stayed in the same room by coincidence. Have to say (don't know if I did before), it is rather in need of a spruce up (especially the bathroom) although it kind of is in keeping with the club like feel of the place. So you ignore the cracks in bathroom tiles, the shower head not working, the slightly dubious carpet, but enjoy the cosyness of the room, the clean linen bedding and the uniqueness of the place. Breakfast is continental and fine, albeit a bit disappointing (get there early or all the croissants run out). Would we stay again? Possibly, although may be time to try somewhere different.	
Jun 15 2008 	loved it!	Found hotel on late rooms.com. Great location in Mayfair - close to Green Park Tube. Stayed in Room 8, right at the top.Nice bathrroon, very comfy bed. Lovely breakfast. Staff were exceptionally friendly.Would def. go there again.	
May 30 2008 	Fab Fox!	I have stayed at the Fox Club many times, and having found them by accident on late rooms have now taken out membership and stay a couple of times a month when I'm in London for meetings.It's great to stay somewhere in London where I'm always assured of a warm welcome, and as I often travel alone on business I always feel looked after and completely secure - if I didn't return from a business dinner I would be missed. The Fox Club is warm, cosy and personal service is a given. I also use the club as a discreet meeting place for business and the location is excellent being in the centre of everything I need. I have recommended the club to several friends over recent months and will continue to do so	
Sep 20 2007 	Affordability in the heart of Mayfair	This was a complete surprise. I know London reasonably well but had no idea this small club/hotel was here. Tucked away in a side street just of Picadilly it occupies a 200 year old town house, once the home of the 18th century politician Charles James Fox. There are only a few rooms which, despite the fact that this is a members club, are open to the public. They are spread out over three floors. Our room was on the top floor and was quite a climb, anyone with mobility problems simply would not have managed it but ,that said, it was well appointed, tasefully decorated and furnished and with a modern bathroom.Double glazing kept out the street noise but not, alas, the noise from the room next door.Weekend breakfast was continental and rather a disappointment but the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.	
May 28 2007 	Everything I expected it to be	Booked 2 nights for an in town getaway.This hotel was everything I had hoped. The building is over 200 years old, so I did not expect perfection. The windows had 2 sets of sashes, enough to keep the outside noise down, but not enough for total sound proofing. There are only 9 rooms spread over 6 floors with only a narrow set of stairs going up. The room was enormous with large wardrobe, 2 armchairs and excellent bathroom. The bed was a good size, although it was to singles zipped together which meant a hard line running down the middle. The pillows were the best I have ever had, 3 super soft and large. There was a small flat screen TV with freeview channels. Our room (No 7) was Cardinal Red, which was a bit dark, but in keeping with the period of the house.There is no room service and at weekends only a small &quot;continental&quot; breakfast consisting of cereal, juices, toast, yogurt and pastries. There is an English breakfast available during the week.The staff were all friendly and helpful.The location is just off Piccadilly near Green Park station which gives easy access to most of London.We got a good deal through Lastminute and I think they are also available on laterooms.	
Jul 20 2006	Something missing	I have stayed at the fox club many of times, But since the recent change of management and staff i must say, it isnt as plesent as it once was. I wouldnt go as far as say dont go, but look around first, you never know you could get a better deal else where.	
Jul 12 2006 	Fox Club London	Stayed on business for one night June 2006.Great hotel - very quiet, food was good and staff are very friendly. Hotel has free wireless access and a plasma TV in the car area.Only downside was the room TV as this was a small portable. Bathroom was newly refurbed.	
Apr 26 2005	Lovely quiet hotel	Fox Club is a private members hotel in the heart of Mayfair. I think it only has seven rooms. I have stayed in three of them and they are all different. Rooms are a good size, breakfast is nice but pricey. If you have mobility problems or problems climbing stairs - may not be the hotel for you - narrow staircases up to the floors and no lift (bummer if you, or your partner with 10 pairs of shoes for the weekend, have a few cases!)There is a bar at the hotel - again private members bar, so no general public - nicely done and quiet. Staff are friendly as are the other guests.I would recommend a membership - any time I visit London, the Fox club is always my first point of contact	
