Sep 28 2009 	Regular Guests at this top value accommodation!	I'm writing this review on behalf of my parents as they are regular guests of the Franciscan Road properties of FlexiStay. The rooms are very clen and comfortable and the staff who manage the properties are excellent and only too happy to help with any additional needs you may have. There is a good stock of breakfast in the communal kitchens as well as a lovely dining area. The location is ideal for my parents' needs but would be the case for most as the apartments are about 5mins away from Tooting Broadway tube station which takes about 20-25mins into Central London on the Northern Line. Definitely a home away from home and highly recommended!	
Sep 5 2009 	A good accomodation	The apartment is situated in a side street, in a very quiet place. The rooms have a modern furnishing, simple and functional. The common kitchen for the guests is very copious!Negative notes: We stayed 3 nights and the personnel only passed in the room to keep off the garbage (no room cleaning, no sheets and towels change): if you want further services, you better ask them during the check-in. The cleanliness of the bathrooms left much to be desired (‘traces’ of prevous guests…)Furthermore, the zone of the B&amp;B is quite far from the town centre and the tube is the only mean for rapid transit.	
Jul 2 2009 	Outstanding service with amazing price!	I just wanted to say thank you to the manager on duty the night that I stayed (1st July 2009). He was very helpful and provided professional customer service. I orginally booked the room in Norbury but due to train problems I could not get there so he advised us to stay in an alternative one in tooting. The room was very lovely and clean and I was very happy about it. I will definitely stay in the same hotel again and recommend it to my friends.	
May 6 2009 	Decent accomodation with great kitchen benefits	The accommodation was very clean. Internet access was included and the speed was really very very good. Staff don't interfere at all. Flexistay apartment is someone's house and you get a room with mini kitchen and fridge. Cooking utensils are provided but were all worn-out. We stayed there for a week so it was a good deal as we could cook our own food and drink comfortably in the room. Overall great, nice and clean. They have free all-day breakfast service but food provided was not of good quality. Bread, eggs, and milk were low quality and we preferred buying our own stuff. But you get a fridge in your room which I really liked. The photos make it look big but its just a standard London zone 3 style squeezed double room. Honestly, difficult to breathe if staying for more than two nights. But they have a lovely spacious studio style room on ground floor where we stayed. It was brilliant! Another thing weird was that there was no bed sheet. They have a mattress cover but no sheet. They prefer to clean the room every second day and insist not to ask to get it cleaned everyday. The location of the property isn't so nice, so I won't recommend it as a holiday stay. This will suit someone who is looking to save cost and prefer to cook themselves but yet live in a decent clean room within budget. There are plenty of take aways, KFC, etc just outside the property. Flexistay advertise to have Sky channels etc but they have only basic channels and they made up a story about PIN number for Sky subscription not working. Also, staff showed no intention to get it fixed. The manager was not so responsive most of the times. They say that they will attend you within 5-10minutes which is generally 15-20mins. Overall, it was a good money saver and getting hot water 24x7 was another plus!	
Oct 1 2009 	Sufficienza stiracchiata		
