Aug 25 2009 	Great find	Decent budgethotel at a good price and an excellent location. Staff friendly except the girls in the breakfastroom who didn't care very much. Triple room was not very big but we had a nice bathroom with excellent shower. Would go back on a next citytrip to London.	
Aug 1 2009 	Welcome to the Hotel California	I thought htis hotel was an excellent find. close to Kings Cross St Pancras. we stayed in a room sleeping 6 adults (yes, not restricted to 2 adults 4 kids!) remarkable value for the 5 of us that stayed for £22 each!ROOM: in the basement. amazingly quiet when you consider the station is literally 200yds away. clean, recent refurbishment but still a little shabby if you looked close enough. small wardrobe, 4 drawers. BED/BEDDING: Clean and fresh. wooden, box built beds all of which were fairly comfortable. 1 towel per bed. HOTEL OVERALL: warm welcome at reception, shown to our room, offered for us to sit in lounge when we arrived back at 2am, but no bar so declined! (hehe). missed breakfast so can't comment, but smelled nice and the people in the room above said it was delicious!	
Jul 26 2009 	terrible experience	we had a tiny room at the top of the hotel, no lift and narrow stairs, difficult getting case to room. mattress was ripped and dirty and extremely uncomfortable. complained this was removed. no soap in toilet. wardrobe doors could not be opened fully due to doors opening on to bed. will not be staying there again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good Hotel for my budget.	I used the California Hotel on a short weekend break, only 2 Minutes walk to St Pancras.On our arrival we meet with a very friendly receptionist that direct us to a room on the second floor overlooking the street, the room had a proper bath, tea &amp; coffee facilities with ceramic cups, Free Wireless internet. full english breakfast served in the restaurant and a little terrace for the smokers.Overall very enjoyable i can certainly recommend for anyone looking for budget accommodation in the area	
May 26 2009 	A JEWEL OF A FIND !	I have just returned from an overnight stay at the California - brill find for a budget hotel in central London: friendly,helpful staff, a reasonable residents lounge area with a little outside patio adjacent to the lounge - perfect for quiet moments in which to savour the sun - if you are lucky ! I booked a single room which was a very reasonable size (in fact it was a twin) I had a full bathroom with both bath and shower and plenty of CLEAN white towels. I also had a little tray with a kettle, tea, coffee etc in my room..a small portable TV was also in the room (though I never watched it - so unsure about quality of reception) The breakfast was well cooked and adequate: self service: bacon,sausage,beans, eggs, toast,cereal and juices together with hot drinks were available......Lets get real here DO NOT expect 5 * luxury this is a budget hotel but as I said an absolute gem of a find ...Footnote: Maybe not suitable for people with young children or anybody with mobility problems as there is no lift, so I had to struggle up four floors of steepish, narrow stairs with my luggage - but this did concern me at all and I would definately book again. I believe there are some not so nice rooms down in the basement but if you end up with one of these maybe it is your own fault..when I made my booking I requested a clean and quiet room and that is exactly what I got ...Fab !!	
Apr 24 2009 	About the same stayed here previously.	Stayed for one night. Booked a twin room to be used as a single.The hotel was clean and check in was fast and easy.The room was a good size with the usual amenitites.The room I got was in the basement, and u can hear the underground trains until about 12.The beds were comfortable and the sheets were clean.The heating worked and there was loads of coffee and tea.The toilet and bathroom was seperate, which is great if two of u were using the room.The bathroom had a powerful shower but it was a bit dark.The TV worked and reception was good. Breakfast was buffet style and full english. Tasted good and food was plentiful. I wish there was fruit however. But prompt service.This hotel has no WIFI.Overall I had a good night sleep not too noisy.But u can't beat the location, loads of eating places and the tube is a stone throw away.So I last stayed in this hotel 3 yrs ago, good to see that it hasn't deteriorated.But if I stay here again I would ask for a room thats not underground.	
Apr 10 2009 	Travelers be warned	No hot water six of the seven mornings. Room and bathroom were not very clean. They never had more than a surface cleaning. The wife was very uncomfortable. The management thought fixing the problem was to clean the shower head. I explained to the repairman, as a retired commercial building contractor, the problem was the guest ratio to water pressure and heating ability ratio was inadequate to keep heating water and pressure. They made excuses when I asked for some money off that the manager was not coming in that day, her normal work day. Our wives had to wait till 9Am to take showers, which was when the water heated up and the pressure came back, thus missing breakfast. Us guys will go unrepresentable but few ladies will. The way they represent themselves as a hidden treasure at Kings Cross is not quite accurate. I am president of Christin Fellowship Churches Inc. and we went there with the intention of finding a place to send ten ministry couples every six months for sabbaticals. I even told the manager this and what they gave us was the best they can do? I think the basic that should be expected isn't new but clean rooms, sheets, and hot showers. I know London is an expensive city and rooms are small but as a person that travels two weeks of the month for the corporation in this capacity I can say with some experience this is a one star hotel with a three star breakfast. This is the truth and I warn travelers. Yes you get what you pay for but this is not what we thought we were paying for or represented as. This is not a place for reconnection and intimacy between couples. I didn't expect an five, four or three star hotel but clean and hot water isn't too much to ask. I was just going to let it go but it wouldn't be right. I think the management should contact me and make some kind of amends for other travelers and restitution. This is not a Mom and Pop business. This is owned by the Moreno four star hotel just around the corner. These are professionals and we should be able to expect more from them. I don't mean to be harsh I just think there should be a change.	
Mar 9 2009 	Don't bother	Booked a long weekend here with my partner after having being well looked after on numerous occasions at the California's sister hotel, the Montana Excel.What a disappointment!The rooms were basic with an en-suite, as expected. However, our rooms were not cleaned at all during our stay other than the bed linen being subtly re-arranged and the shower head was appallingly filthy. Refreshment sundries were not replenished and the lack of a bath mat meant there were quite a few close calls getting out of the shower.The temperamental heating, poor TV reception, non-functioning clock radio and the staff's disbelief at us asking for an ironing board (which never materialised) only further added to our irritation. Breakfast fayre was standard but in three days we were only asked if we wanted drinks on one occasion- the rest of the time we had to attempt to find a member of staff, which was no mean feat.To top it off the staff were either rude or mute at best, we were charged an extra 15GBP on top of the price quoted at booking which they would not back down on and we didn't even get a thank you or goodbye at any point during our stay! So, to sum up: over-priced, scabby rooms in a tired hotel that's seen better days and where the staff do not appear to understand the concept of good customer service. The only good thing about the place is the proximity to the Tube stop. Stay at the Montana Excel around the corner or the Premier Inn a little further up from King's Cross station.	
Jan 27 2009 	exactly what I expected	I stayed at the California Hotel with my mother and teenage children, it was cheap, and much better value than a room at a Travelodge or similar as it included breakfast. The room was basic but clean and comfortable enough for a few nights. My mother is in her late sixties, and she found it comfortable enough.	
Jan 5 2009 	You get what you pay for.	Stayed here last month as most people have said the location is ideal. On arriving it was pleasant enough then I was shown to my room which was down in the cellar where the cleaners kept things. Though the bedroom was ok double bed and a single bed tv and en suite bathroom which was freezing.The real downside was where the room was situated I hardly slept a wink through the noise and banging all night and come breakfast I thought that was included in the price was going to be charged £8 so declined.On the whole it is pretty cheap price for london but I doubt I'd stay there again	
Jan 1 2009 	Wouldn't have stayed here longer or on a family trip	We stayed here for one night for a works do that was arranged locally. Excellent location, right next to the Tube station.The rooms were very basic, the bathroom was very small and compact.I was staying with a close friend which was just as well, as you didn't really have much room to get ready.But hey - I was there for somewhere to crash after a heavy night of alcohol, and it was extremely acceptable for my purpose. However, if I was staying in London with family or needed to stay for any longer I would not have chosen this hotel.Breakfast was excellent though, and very welcome. Staff were also friendly. For the cost what do you expect?? It was clean and for one night I would happily stay here again if a similar party was organised.	
Dec 2 2008 	would not stay here again	family from California We stayed for 2 days . The bathroom was cold and the carpet old and dirty . There were no mats on the bathroom floor. I would definitely not recommend this hotel.	
Nov 30 2008 	dont bother	I booked to stay at this hotel for my birthday in November....i booked April 14th 2008.On arrival at the hotel we made quite welcome &amp; given the keys to our room.On returning to ythe hotel at 10-45 we were told you are not staying here,they tried to tell us that we had been doubled booked,all our stuff was behind the reception waiting for us to collect.They said they had booked us into the the Jurys Inn on Pentonville rd,they gave us our money back &amp; made up the rest to pay for the new room.We were then sent into the night like homeless people roaming around to find the new hotel which was a good walk away.I booked for B&amp;B but the new room was room only so no breakfast for us unless we wanted to pay some ridiculous price,the actions of California hotel really spoilt my birthday &amp; i certainly wouldn't ever book to go back there.	
Aug 27 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful!	We arrived at the Hotel California and was greeted by a friendly woman on reception. She checked us in and had no problems. The hotel room was tiny, with a double bed and a desk. There was no coffee/tea making facilities in the room. The bathroom was clean but very basic. We were only staying one night for a quick weekend away together in London. We weren't after anything plush or luxurious, just somewhere to rest our head and in a good central location which is all it is.The hotel is situation basically across the road from King Cross Train station which was great for access to the Underground and getting home.All in all, this hotel is not the best, but if you are looking for a central place that is relatively cheap to rest your head after a days shopping or sight seeing then I would recommend here.	
Jul 14 2008 	OK for a night	Liked the tiled-floor public areas and good buffet breakfast. Single room was tiny and cramped but was survivable for a one-night stay. Convenient location near Kings Cross.	
Jun 21 2008	Poor value for money	I stayed at this hotel for 2 separate nights on the way to and from Belgium on the Eurostar, the location was ideal as St Pancras international was a 2 minute walk away. From the outside the hotel looks inviting and the reception staff were very friendly and helpful. I was accompanied by my 83 year old mother which made getting up 2 flights of narrow stairs difficult, TV reception was awful and whilst the bed linnen was clean and fresh looking I could not say the same for the carpets and the room smelled of stale smoke, beds very uncomfortable. Our second night was to be 3 days later and although dubious we did not have much choice about staying here because at 83 my mum didn't need dragging round London looking for an alternative, I asked at reception if we could have a ground floor room on our return and the guy on reception was very helpful and swapped us to the ground floor from the 3rd floor, on our return the same things applied smell of stale smoke, pokey room with bad TV reception.Breakfast was poor and we didn't even bother the second time, the staff in the breakfast room were surly and unfriendly.All in all I would not stay here again and would not recommend it to my friends.	
Jun 11 2008	Good and Bad	We checked in early, received a friendly welcome and were allowed to leave our luggage in the store room until check in time. Stairs were very difficult to manouver with anything but hand luggage or for anyone a bit out of shape. I had a small single room at the front facing the street. The room was hot and noisy. The window was broken off it's sash and had to be held open with a roll of toilet paper, definately a two man job. The mattress was hard and lumpy and I had the same towel for four days. On the good side there was a pleasant breakfast room, good breakfast, free wifi and friendly staff. There is a small terrace out back for smokers. The location couldn't have been better and the price was right. I would not stay there again nor recommend it to others. If the owners would invest in refurbishing, opening up the bar for evening cocktails and improve cleanliness this hotel would be a gem.	
Apr 24 2008 	Don't go!!!	Arriving and looking from the outside this hotel looked lovely once you got inside you soon see why most of the reviews are correct. It's small, dirty and smells foul. When they were cleaning our room while we were out they left the door wide open with all our belongings in it, so it was open for all to see and pinch whatever they liked!! They didnt make the beds or give us fresh towels so what were they doing in our room, as we locked it when we left. It's small inside with tidy rooms and corridors, with very creaky floors we were woken up most morning with doors being slammed. The bed mattresses were about 3 inches thick, very uncomfortable and very worn, the beds were tiny for single ones and the room smelt of smoke and body odour! The only good thing about the hotel was the nice reception staff. I wouldn't advise anyone to stay here!! We took photos to put up on here but unfortuntely they didnt come out properly - sorry!	
Mar 19 2008 	Great location. Don't go if you are picky.	Good things first: the location is great! Tube station is basically 1 min away. Kings Cross is not the most glamorous area of London, but the connections to other parts of the city or other cities are excellent. I usually have troubles sleeping in London because of the traffic noise, but the streer was seriously quite. Major plus in London.I've booked a double bed in the single room, so the bed was good, so was the heating in the room, which you can control yourself. Very handy. Wireless worked perfectly! Very important if you are on business.Now the bad things: the hotel is a freaking maze! I honestly got lost the first time I went to my room. Avoid if you have heavy massive bags and no lifting power. There is obviously no lift and the stairs are super narrow and steep. The building itself and the rooms seriously need renovation. It is old and it shows. Decor in the rooms was all right, good colour choice, but OLD. I'm not gonna get into the broken power sockets and terrible shower head details. They are pretty common in the hotels of this rank. What surprised me the most is the breakfast. I love English breakfast and it was one of the reasons why I booked the hotel. It was the worst English breakfast I've ever had in my life! They have a really cute breakfast room and a terrace and you'd expect to spend a few pleasant moment there, but the food was absolutely horrible: everything from the paper sausages to the week old &quot;juice&quot;. Even the eggs were awlful. Such a shame.Staff is strange. I didn't really need any extra help, so wouldn't know how helpful they are, but they are certainly strange. I am seriously NOT a picky traveller, but this was one of those rare times when I said to myself: wow, I really don't want to spend any extra time in here, and I didn't.	
Dec 14 2007	would not stay here again	We arrived to a friendly greeting, however once we negotiated the very narrow stairs which were fairly grimy and went through the door to the corridor to our 2nd floor room we were initially met with a smell of stale cigarettes and body odour. Once in our room which was quite small, the carpets were threadbare and the bathroom so murky we actually just had washes as we could not face usuing the bath. The guests in the room above us were walking about until 2 am and kept us awake due to the load creaking of the floorboards. There were also some loud drunken guests on the same floor banging doors.The breakfast looked as if it had been out and kept warm for about 3 days the eggs were so hard you could have used them as pucks on an ice skating rink.We were so glad we had a full itinerary for our London trip so we spent as little time as possible in the hotel. On checking out the receptionist has us down as staying for 3 nights and not 2, if we had booked for 3 we would have left after the first night!We will not stay here again.	
Dec 5 2007 	good location bad beds	The hotel has very small rooms and very un comfortable beds. It was clean and close to Kings Cross. The shower head didnt work, but the rest of the bathroom was fine. Never received clean towels but had to ask for them. Staff was friendly and had an English breakfast (the same selection every day).	
Dec 4 2007 	It all depends...	ConsI booked a single which was a mistake. For £10 more, a double with single occupancy would doubtless have been better.Dangerously narrow, steep stairs( large luggage out). Despite booking 2 months in advance for 4 nights and mentioning difficulty with stairs, I was on the 2nd floor.No phone in a tiny room like a cabin with a bed like a bunk (only 80cm wide). To get to the WC you need to go through the shower cubicle... Overhead, fixed shower: too bad if you don't have a cap!Only one towel for 3 days! No bath mat. Sheets changed every 3 days (is this a hotel or a hostel?). Very bad TV (only two working channels) perched high on a shelf guaranteed to give you a crick in the neck if watched for any length of time. Never fixed or changed despite repeated complaints.ProsGenerous amounts of tea and coffee in bedroom. A good, grilled, full English breakfast in buffet style (all you can eat). Pleasant dining room and bar. Busy, efficient staff. When the reading lamp bulb died it was replaced by a brand-new lamp. Everything looks spick and span. So as I said, it all depends on what you want from a hotel room for £50 in central London...	
Nov 24 2007 	Its good enough	I was pretty nervous after reading some of the bad reviews but we found this hotel okay for the price. it was £70 for our double room plus travel cot which is good for london. the room was small but clean. the man on reception was so friendly when we checked in and so were all the staff. Breakfast was good and checkout problem free.its not the ritz but noone has paid for the ritz. We chose it because it was close to St Pancras as we were going on the eurostar. Its a 2 minute walk there.my parents said their room was cold but ours was fine.I'd stay here again and I'm quite fussy!	
Nov 22 2007 	loved it	just returned i feel i had to write a review after reading the others posted we stayed here for 2 nites the hotel is 2 mins from kings cross on a quiet road we stopped on the ground floor and had no problems with the noise in fact there wasent any as said in the last reviews the hotel was full we had a small room very clean bedding was crisp whiteroom cleaned evey day lovely hotel and staff all i can say if you want a good hotel at the right price book this one if money no problem then book the ritz ps the breckies self service ad good	
Nov 7 2007 	great : ]	I stayed here in January 2007 and thought it was excellent. The room for the money is great - it was clean and fairly comfortable and had a good bath room. The location is great ( 2 mins from Kings Cross Tube) and in a quiet street. We stayed there as we were going to a gig at the Scala and it is 5 minutes from this venue with a few nice pubs around to get food in.The hotel is a bit of a maze to get around...but we all felt this added to the fun of the place!I would definately reccomend this place to anyone wanting a clean, safe, friendly hotel on a budget.	
Oct 22 2007 	Most Hideous Hotel ever!!!	Booked into this hotel for a friends birthday treat, turned into a nightmare. It is the most rundown, awful, filthy place I have ever had the misfortune to step into! We said we didn't like the room and were offered several others which were all the same and the staircase leading to them was stained and threadbare carpets which looked like rats had been chewing on it. The rooms had polystyrene drinking cups and the beds sunk in the middle one, was just a sofabed rather than a single too and that was worst of all, it must have been years old. The windows didn't lock and we were not allowed to keep our keys, we had to hand them in, this is awful when you have personal belongings in your room. We told the receptionist we could not stay there and he would not give us our money back and was extremely rude. He then gave me my money back but proceeded to process my bank card without my permission to get the money back. I am going to do everything in my power to get my money back even if it means going to court. An absolutely horrendous place, the receptionist even admitted that they had exaggerated on websites etc about their hotel and said it was companies who we booked throughs fault for not checking that the details were correct. AVOID at all costs or be warned. After much searching we found a lovely hotel round the corner, called the Princess Hotel, what a difference and it was cheaper too!!	
Oct 9 2007	Good clean bargain	When my passport came up missing on Saturday morning I was to leave UK, I had to stay over three days.This hotel offered me a good clean safe haven.My room was comfortabl, clean and cheerful. Staff friendly. Breakfast more than adequate. Bathroom exceptional.Enjoyed the marble lobby where guests gathered.Appreciated the location, convenient for both tube and bus.So the rooms are small? Even 4 star hotel rooms in London small.Yes, I would stay here again.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good location/service but be aware of bed bugs!!	Stayed at California Hotel. Room was small but adequate for returning at night time whil we explored the town. Good location near Tube station. good breakfest and staff friendly. One neg note: we found a couple of bed bugs and my wife sustained several bites! Be aware thought that this is common in European hotels	
Aug 15 2007 	If You Like To Shower In A Closet	Thread bare carpets, dirty, grimey, generally not pleasant. We walkedinto our room which was tiny. The double bed took up most of the floor space!! The tiny TV was INSIDE the wardrobe &amp; the reception is so poor you barely get 1 channel!! At first we thought they hadn't given us an ensuite room until we realised what appears to be a builtin wardrobe is actually the shower &amp; toilet!!!! The door to the &quot;en-suite&quot; is a slatted wooden wardrobe door - not exactly private!! The mattress was thin, lumpy &amp; uncomfortable - we had a dreadful nights sleep. The breakfast was awful &amp; they gave us shot glasses for orangejuice!! I wish we had gone somewhere else. A complete rip off for the£70 they charged us for one night - it will be Travel Lodge for us next time!!!	
Aug 14 2007 	Wouldnt Stay Here Again If My Life Depended On It	Thread bare carpets, dirty, grimey, generally not pleasant. We walked into our room which was tiny. The double bed took up most of the floor space!! The tiny TV was INSIDE the wardrobe &amp; the reception is so poor you barely get 1 channel!! At first we thought they hadn't given us an ensuite room until we realised what appears to be a built in wardrobe is actually the shower &amp; toilet!!!! The door to the &quot;en-suite&quot; is a slatted wooden wardrobe door - not exactly private!! The mattress was thin, lumpy &amp; uncomfortable - we had a dreadful nights sleep.The breakfast was awful &amp; they gave us shot glasses for orange juice!! I wish we had gone somewhere else. A complete rip off for the £70 they charged us for one night - it will be Travel Lodge for us next time!!!	
Aug 7 2007 	Cheap and cheerful	The California is an average B&amp;B, but in a great location for tube travel.Ok, the rooms are small, but they are clean and light. We booked a twin room, which consisted of 2 single beds, TV, a wash basin, wardrobes, a safe, and a separate bathroom with shower and toilet. There was also tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Bed linen was clean and towels also. Breakfast, if you are up early enough, (7am-9am!) is not bad, the usual bacon and eggs fry up with tea and juices.There was a small outdoor courtyard with benches towards the rear of the hotel for smoking or sunbathing.I found the staff to be friendly and helpful, and we were able to leave our bags in a locked storage on the day of our departure.We stayed for 2 nights over the weekend for a concert at the o2 arena and a days sightseeing and found this to be an excellent location for getting the tube all over london, and also only one stop from Euston for when we were going home. I enjoyed my stay here and would stay again.	
Jul 25 2007	Cheap Clean and OK - but small pokey rooms	I have stayed here a few times since i first wrote a review, and my views have changed. Maybe its because i have stayed in a few different rooms, and they all seem small, cramped and a just a little bit too tatty. For £50/night its OK, and not quite dirty, but doesnt feel like the good value i first thought - maybe its me just changing my views.Stayed in a Travel Inn as an alternative, much larger room, clean bright etc, but at £100+ per room per night its nearly 2x the price, and you dont get free internet in Travel Inns.Right now I need to book again for a couple of weeks time, cant decide wether to rebook the California or not? (mind you, its not really my money I am spending, so the cost is less of an issue than it might be.)	
Jul 11 2007 	Basic good location ok for a base.	I'm just back from a 4 night stay at the California Hotel and it was ok.I had a single room and I was travelling with 3 friends, one of them had a single room and the other 2 had a double.Location - Excellent, it is directly across the road from Kings Cross tube station. There are cash machines, a post office, various shops and eateries round about the area. Staff - Were fairly friendly, I didn't interact with them all that much aside from checking in and out and handing in my key and gettingit back when we were going out for the day. They weren't chatty or anything, just done their jobs really.Foyer/Lobby area - Very clean and nice appearance. There is a computer terminal with internet access but it was out of order during our entire stay. It is possible to get coffee here and they also have a little back garden area. There is also a stand with lots of leaflets for London attractions, check them out because some have discounts on them which is handy.Getting to the room - this involved climbing up stairs in fairly narrow staircases. This was no problem to me but if stairs are a problem to you I'd see about asking for a room on the lower down floors.My room - My room was utterly tiny but it wasn't like I was planning on spending a great deal of time there so that was no big deal..The width of the room fit a single bed pushed against a wall with about a 2 foot space from the side of the bed to the other wall. The lengthof the room was from the top of the single bed to the bottom with about another 2 foot gap at the bottom. The 2 foot gap at the bottom had a built in wardrobe/dresser/mirror where there was space for a suitcase, clothes to hang, plenty of hangers, tea and coffee making facilities, a tv and a safe. There were no instructions for use of the safe but I went down to ask and they showed me how to do it. The side of the room that the bed was pushed against there was a radiator and a window which could be opened easily. Next to the bed there was a little shelf which held an alarm clock that had seen better days and a lamp.My room was located at the front of the hotel and whilst this is the side nearest to the main road I can't say the noise of traffic bothered me in the slightest.The bathroom - The bathroom was pretty small but adequate. It has a small bath with a shower, a toilet and a sink. There was extra toiletpaper, 2 little bars of soap and one towel. The towel was the size ofa hand towel so if you prefer a bigger towel either check if they canprovide this or bring your own. Water pressure for the shower was fine and the temperature was good unlike some hotels I've been in.Cleanliness - General cleanliness of the room seemed ok, the bathroomwas clean apart from the bottom door frame where it looked like coffee had splashed on there at some point. The room carpet looked like it could maybe do with a clean. The curtains smelled a bit foosty and the window was in dire need of a wash. Otherwise the sheets of the bed appeared to be clean and the surfaces were dust free.Friends single room - he was on the 4th floor above my room and he said his room was ok, his was a little bit larger than mine but his shower room wasn't so great. His shower consisted of walking into a small toilet cubicle with a shower head sticking out of the ceiling meaning everything in the toilet gets soaked. It was a pretty small cramped space too. Although we were aware that this could be the case from reading previous reviews on here.Friends double room - they say it was small, clean and basic. They were kept awake by some guests who were making noise out the back of the hotel in the early hours of the morning but that was the guests and isn't the hotels fault. In their bathroom the toilet handle fell off but they told the people in reception and it was fixed when we got back later that day and worked better than it had before.Breakfast - My friends went for breakfast but I didn't go near it as I don't like full english breakfasts but my two friends went and I was told it was very greasy but adequate. I'm told breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, sausages, bacon, eggs, tomatos, tea and coffee. Price - for a single room I was told £50 a night via email and that is how much it cost. However, it does say on the website that a room with a single bed is £45 and it's one with a double bed that is £50 so they've got a bit of a web discrepancy going on there. The pricesdisplayed in the hotel match with the £50 a night price though. The double room was £70 per night.What isn't included - shampoo, hairdryer (but you can borrow one from the desk), telephone, instructions for the safe (but you can go ask how to use it).What would make it better - the rooms are painted in a nice yellow colour but the curtains, bedspread and carpet are patterned and a bit dowdy looking. It was also terribly hot in my room even with the window open a little fan or some kind of air conditioning would be good. A breakfast with lots of fresh fruit.Overall impression - I think this hotel made a good base for exploring London and for the money you can't really go wrong. The location was very good, we didn't explore the area very much but it'sgreat for the tube. Yes the rooms were small but if all you need it for is a place to sleep and get washed then it's fine. It makes a good base and I would go back to the hotel.	
Jun 30 2007	Most basic hotel we've stayed in	This was one of the most basic hotels we have stayed in. We stayed in Room 302, which was extremely small. When we booked we rang to specifically ask for a room with a bath, but only got a shower. When we complained about this at reception, the response was &quot;well, you're not staying at the Ritz at £500 a night&quot;, and we were told that some rooms have a bath, others don't. We were given the impression that it was the luck of the draw to get a room with a bath, so we felt we had been mis-sold on this.There were no toiletries in the room, not even a bar of soap on the washbasin, and we only had one towel each. The shower needed a good clean, on the bottom of the shower cubicle door there was something brown and gross, and under the basin tap lever it looked pretty manky too. In the shower cubicle there was no shelf on which to put one's toiletries, luckily I found a plastic carrier bag and hung this on the shower control and used this to hold my shampoo and shower gel. The shower itself though was powerful and hot. There was no holder for the toilet roll on the wall, the loo roll had to sit on the floor.There was no hairdrier in the room - one had to ask for one at reception, and it turned out that there were only 3 in the whole place, so it had to be returned after use. If you are staying here be sure to bring your own toiletries and hairdrier!The general cleanliness of the room was not great - cleaning seemed to have been skimped upon, the carpet needed a good vacuuming.The two men on reception were helpful, but did fail to mention available facilities such as internet access in the lounge, and we were not given any instructions about how to use the safe, which was in the wardrobe. Breakfast was ok for those fond of full English, but limited in other choices. We were ignored by staff at breakfast, not shown to a table, and, as the basement dining area quickly got full, you needed to get down to breakfast early.Left luggage facilities seemed less than secure, with access to the luggage room being by a communal key.On the plus side the hotel's location is close to King's Cross/St Pancras/Euston railway stations, and there was a subway to the King's Cross/St Pancras Tube stations at the end of the street. There was a good Italian restaurant, Casa Mamma's, just down the street, in the shadow of King's Cross station.If you are only staying overnight in London and need to be near King's Cross/St Pancras stations, this hotel is adequate. However, if you are planning on staying longer, we would advise checking out one of the larger, chain-operated hotels in the area, where, for around £10 -20 more, you will get a more comfortable room with better facilities. In London, you get what you pay for.	
Jun 22 2007 	very basic and good value for money!!	Just got back from a wonderful four day break from London and i have to say i was a bit wary before we went after reading some of the earlier reviews about this hotel, my worries were unfounded as the staff at this hotel were very freindly, the room was very clean and basic, not the ritz i must add but if its only a base you need while your out everyday then this is the place to stay, with the underground just around the corner you cant go wrong, oh and the breakfast was very nice as well.	
May 30 2007	Nice surprise	I spent five day on this hotel and considering the London standards and the relatively low rate they asked me I was very worried about it but it turned out to be a nice surprise. The room was very small and so was the ensuite facility but everything was clean and the room was serviced every day. Breakfast was in a nice room painted in pastel colours and there was plenty of food each morning. The staff was very polite and helpful. In addition the hotel is just a few steps away one of the King's Cross station entrances from which you can go everywhere you like in London. So if you are looking for a cheap but nice accommodation in a strategic location and you are not the Ritz type I definitively recommend this hotel.	
Apr 22 2007	worst hotel	I stayed at this hotel recently, the worst in my world travels, first - the room was not serviced, I mean the beds were not dressed, the towels were not changed or the bin emptied. There were no handtowels,or bath mat, no shampoo, soaps that had been used by others, and a safe that did not work, but worst of all no telephone, so I had to go all the way down the stairs to complain. There was no manager present. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I must say that the staff at breakfast were really nice and friendly, and the breakfast was adequate for me but no choice.	
Apr 19 2007 	Much better than I imagined!	I stayed here for 5 nights while on a course in London. The hotel was booked by my company and I wasn't expecting much as:1. They are a bit stingy2. The hotel is in Kings CrossThe hotel is about 200m from the train station, i'll let you decide if thats a good thing, but apparently KX is on the way up, and is nowhere near as bad as it used to be.I was pleasantly surprised to be honest, the outside of the hotel is well presented and the front desk staff were very helpful.I was in a twin with a double bed and a single bed, a decent sized bathroom with a bath and shower over. The room was cleaned every morning and the towels replaced. There was a safe in the room along with a wardrobe. There is free wifi which was a life saver!One thing to note is that other than soap there was no shampoo or shower gel etc (I travel prepared so was ok)From what I can work out the rooms are all being done up as there were some matresses and bed frames around. My room is one to still be done, it looked a bit tired, but was clean, which was the main thing!The lounge was nice, tastefully decorated, leading out to a well kept terrace area and there is a pc there for those without laptops.Breakfast is between 7-9 and is buffet style with mountains of toast, bacon, sausages as well as poached eggs, beans and tomatoes. There was some cerial as well and juice, tea and coffee. The room where breakfast is served is really nice and bright and with plenty of room.Overall I was pretty impressed with my stop here, it would have been nice to be in one of the newer rooms, but I imagine in a year or so once everything is finished it will be a really good hotel.The owner is really trying to make an effort with the hotel, and being in Kings Cross there is every type of food available close by.	
Mar 4 2007	Excellent Location	This hotel is very basic but if like me you had to pay for your own accomodation in London it makes you think twice. I usually stay in £100 per night hotels for work which are more luxurious but Hotel California has everything you actually need.The location is literally a 1 minute walk from Kings Cross / St Pancras tube and mainline station. This allowed me to check in and dump my bag and make it to my meeting 20 minutes later. It also meant after a night out I had a quick walk to the hotel from the tube so it was safe.I got a single room for £45, it was tiny but what more do you need than a bed, shower and kettle. The rooms have a tv and they leave you loads of tea, coffee etc more than most hotels. No hairdryer and the mattress had seen better days but the room, linen and towels were very clean.The bathroom - even tinier, small sink, toilet and a shower in the ceiling. It was difficult to shower in such a small space so I wouldn't recommend it for anyone with mobility problems but again it was functional. It is a bit strange and obviously the floor won't dry quickly. Basic soap and loads of toilet roll left in your room. The only problem I had was the noise from outside but being near to Kings Cross you can't expect anything else. I didn't try breakfast but if it was ran to the same efficiency as reception then I probably missed out.Overall pros: Cost, location, refreshments, politeness and effeciency of staffCons: Size of rooms and bathroom	
Feb 26 2007 	Great location and price	I stayed at this hotel last weekend and I would highly recommend it to anyone after a cheap but central stay in the city.Although the room I had was small, it was big enough for the 2 of us especially when all we wanted to do in the room was to change and sleep, (the beds were a little uncomfortable but i've slept in worse). The breakfast was great, you can help yourself to as much as you want and the staff are really friendly. The tube station is at the bottom of the street, only a couple of buildings away. I would definetly stay at this hotel again, and i'm already planning a second trip as we didn't get to all the sights in the city in a couple of days.	
Jan 19 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	we had stayed in London before at some very pricey hotels - this time we decided to try a B&amp;B in the Kings Cross area. What a pleasant surprise. At first we were leary because the rates seemed so reasonable, but decided that if we didn't like it when we got there , we could always spend a lot more and go elsewhere. We went to London by train and arrived at Kings Cross station -- Hotel California ( we discovered the owner is an Eagle's fan) is just across the street and 1 block down -- convenient to everything -- we had requested a quiet room and i must say - we were on the top floor ( a bit of a climb) but it was quiet, very clean, and big enough. The breakfasts were great ( buffet style) - the staff were friendly and very helpful--a great little lounge and back outdoor patio ( the weather was horrible while we were there, but i would imagine it would be nice to sit outside during the summer months). we would definitely stay there again -- it's not the Ritz or the Hilton -- but what a bargain..	
Jan 7 2007 	Not generally friendly - Tiny quadruple	I booked a quadruple room at this hotel way in advance before december, and although I wanted a double bed, I agreed to take the one they could give me with four single beds (though it is not advertised on their website). When we got there we ended up with a tiny little room, the size of a double or triple (saw two of them) with a BUNK bed (and a foldaway one on top of that), for 4 of us adults ! On the hotel's website (obviously, would some say) their triple room doesn't look that small. When we told the receptionist we most of all didn't appreciate the bunk bed, we were told that it was what we'd booked... Eventually, we decided not to take it further and to squeeze in cause we knew the hotel was fully booked. But despite the small size of the room that you would generally find in &quot;budget&quot; hotels in London, I still think that a BUNK bed is something you should mention to your customers, when you don't belong to the youth hostels type !!!Besides, the room was overall clean, exept for the carpet which had burn marks and a few stains here and there. Also, they don't seem to have vacuum cleaners in this hotel... On the human side, only one of the four receptionists we saw was particularly friendly (but one of them turned out to be quite rude), and the staff at breakfast didn't look at you or answered your hello. One lady was even quite insistent. No need to say that in spite of the convenient location of the hotel, it came as a disappointment to me (even more as I had made the reservation for my friends) and thus I WOULDN'T recommend it.	
Nov 21 2006 	what a lovely place	We stayed here last week, we found the hotel to be excellent value at £60 per double room, the rooms were on the little side. The staff were very helpful and cooperative. The breakfast which was included in the price was perfectly adequate. Just a pity there wasn't any pink champagne on ice. Definitley go back, now we know its not down a dark desert highway.	
Jun 29 2006	Great budget hotel	Stayed here in late June for three nights. Because we extended at the last minute for the third night, we had to switch rooms. Both rooms were very nice (for a 60 GBP/night place). Rooms were clean and reasonable spacious. Beds were a little squeaky, towels a little rough, water pressure in the shower moderate in the first room, a little weak in the second. The rooms are not terribly soundproofed: you can definitely hear people walking about in the rooms above.For me, a big plus was free wireless internet access and an espresso bar (not great espresso, but good in a pinch). Never woke up in time for the English breakfast (7-9am),The staff at the front desk were very friendly, as well as the cleaning staff. I previously stayed at their sister hotel, the Montana, also in Argyle Square. While perfectly satisfactory, I did prefer the Hotel California (all things being equal, wireless internet alone would have decided, but I also generally liked the Hotel California better).	
Jun 24 2006 	Nice Budget Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks in May while on a business trip.I paid £40 per night and for that price, all I really expected and wanted, was a clean room with clean linen and an ensuite bathroom/toilet.I got all the above and more. The room was very clean and had a wardrobe with shelves and hangers, a coffee/tea making facility and a colour tv. The decor was acceptably nice.Furthermore, there was also a free full english cooked breakfast buffet every morning and free wireless internet was also available.Additionally, I found the staff to be polite, helpful and friendly.Negatives: 1. Too many stairs, no lifts and narrow corridors (especially awkward if you have heavy luggage and they shove you on the top floor).2. Staff smoking in the guest lounge area and behind the reception desk.3. Slow wireless connection, i.e. owned by the hotel but available to everyone in the neighbourhood as unsecured. Wireless is out of range above 2nd floor.4. No air conditioning or fans so rooms are hot in the summer!Overall, in cognisance to the price, my stay here was very good value and I would definitely recommend this hotel. I'm not actually staying here again for my next trip down to London though as I've plumped for a different hotel with air conditioned rooms. I'm paying twice as much for this luxury though. As they say, you get what you pay for, however, in this hotel you get a bit more for your bucks.	
Jun 12 2006 	Cheap and Cheerful	I stayed at the California Hotel for two nights recently when in London for research. Having read the reviews on this site, and knowing what £40 per night does not get you in London these days, I was a little apprehensive, but was pleasantly surprised by this hotel.Although I had booked a single for £40, I was actually given a twin for the same price, and this probably helped a lot, as the room, which would have been on the small side for two, was ample for one. It was clean and brightly decorated, with an ensuite with bath and shower. I did not have any problems with noise and was very comfortable there. I found the staff friendly and polite and the buffet breakfast perfectly passable. Not surprisingly, given the price and location, this place appeals to students and backpackers and that seemed to be the main clientele. The coffee bar was very nice, the internet access there overpriced, but very useful in an emergency (there are cheaper internet cafes nearby which can be used during the day). And free wi-fi throughout the hotel is an excellent idea, although the signal in my room, which was in the basement, was too weak to be effective.Kings Cross is not the nicest area of London, and this hotel will not win any prizes for scenic location, but if you want the convenience of somehwere to flop close to the main transport links, you could do a lot worse than this place.	
Mar 15 2006	I've worked for the rest but The California Hotel is the BEST!	I have worked for a lot of hotels -- Holiday Inns, Hilton Hotels, Sheratons, Marriotts, The Westbury in London -- and if you are looking for good value and a very reasonable rate, then STAY at The California Hotel in London. It is conveniently located across from St. Pancras Station, the rooms are clean with private baths, television and coffee &amp; tea self-service, the breakfast is hearty and good, and the staff are pleasant, friendly, helpful and informed. I stayed there for nine nights this month and was very pleased and satisfied. I know London very well and I walked everywhere from The California Hotel. If you are looking for luxuary, then go to a Hilton or Marriott and be prepared to pay PLENTY, but if you are practical and looking for a safe, clean, modest and very nice place to stay, go to The California Hotel. Deborah, the front desk manager, is a real professional -- welcoming and fun. I think it makes a lot of sense to the savvy traveller.	
Feb 28 2006	not bad	Stayed here for 2 nights in Febuary for £55 a night for a twin room we didn,t expect much. The room was basic,clean and tidy. Room 306, the bath was located under the stairs with shower attached which wasn't a problem for us but if you were taller than 5'4&quot; it maybe. Our biggest problem was the creaking floorboards above. Whoever was in the room above on our last night was pacing up and down from midnight till 2am as there were no telephones in the room we could not complain to reception without getting dressed and going downstairs which my 71 year old mother was going to do. I advised her not to as you couldn't be sure what sort of characters you might encounter at that time of the morning on the stairs. The stairways and corridoors were only wide enough for one person so you had to give way to people going in the opposite direction. In the end I resorted to banging on the ceiling with my umberella and they stopped, just wished I'd thought of it earlier.Breakfast was fine if you like a cooked breakfast only toast and cornflakes if you don't, served between 7am and 9am. Locker room handy for storing cases on day of departure as hotel is just over the road from Kings Cross.	
Nov 9 2004	really friendly		
Oct 28 2004	watched by 'the man'		
Sep 8 2004	Please Stop The Noise!		
Jul 10 2004	Easy access heavy noise		
Feb 23 2004	Well worth the price		
Feb 8 2004	Hotel California=GREAT		
Nov 21 2003	Not so bad		
Jun 26 2003	Not a repeat		
Apr 28 2003	Hotel California is fine		
Dec 8 2002	California Hotel...Location Issue		
Oct 5 2009 	???????		
Aug 26 2009 	??????		
Aug 14 2009 	?????		
Sep 27 2008 	Carino e accogliente. ok		
Jul 15 2007 	Sehr zentrale Lage guter Preis ansonsten eine Unterkunft mit vielen Abstrichen		
