Sep 19 2009 	I will not stay there again	The bed is too small (I'm 1.8 m height). Hot water in the shower are coming after appx. 15 min. You have to stand in the bed in order to watch TV. The worse: I had to change my reservation from 4 to 3 nights. The manager charged me fully stating that is the policy of hotel. I think sometime a business can meet the customer and bypass the policy, especially in emergency case. But not here. in addition they charge in advance since they afraid that you will disappear without paying. I guess that these are the kind of guests that they deal with in this hotel. Therefore, my place is not there and I will not be staying again in this hotel.	
Feb 4 2009 	Nice Hotel	My boyfriend took me there, he had stayed before on business so he knew it was a good hotel, he booked us a King Suite, it was lovely &amp; clean,roomy with lounge area. The staff were friendly .We missed breakfast(our fault) but walked down the Chiswick high street and found masses of good restaraunts that did breakfast. We are going back again in March for a 2 night stay which will give us time to explore the area and catch a show.	
Jan 3 2009 	Nice warm newly renovated hotel	Spent 4 nights at this Best Western hotel for the first time for the new year in London with my girlfriend.A short walk from the Turnham Green underground station makes this hotel convenient. About 10mins of walk will get your there through the high road.We were a little lost and the hotel staff gave us directions nicely (Out of the station, make a left, go all the way then left until you see KFC, hotel is right across).Hotel is pretty new and you can tell a lot of things are still new - doors edges are still scratchy, tub is bright and clean, bright bathroom light... etc.Room is of nice size, can lay 2 fullsize suitcases and can still walk around. It has a LCD TV with clear channel receptions including BBC news.Free Wi-Fi is included for 3 days. You can ask for another username and password when it expires. They offer free breakfast which I went every morning from 7-9:30am. Nice breakfast with everything but meat (i.e. no sausage, ham... ). If you want them you have to pay extra, which is OK as the scrambled eggs, fried eggs, broiled eggs, baked beans, mushrooms, pastries, cereals and fruits WILL certainly fill you up :) Breakfast is offered even on Jan 1.Hotel staff is nice and friendly, no problem with them at all. Beds are made every day without any glitch.Travel to downtown London is okay. Convenient and can get out within 30mins usually. Finally, note that going to Heathrow from Turnham Green in early morning requires special attention. There will not be train going directly to the airport but you have to hop to Acton Town and make a switch (Tube website says it's available though, make sure you check with the attendants).We had the special price of 69 per night booking on their website for their winter special. The price is great plus free Wi-Fi and breakfast, only wish the room was bigger!	
Dec 16 2008 	Hard to say good bye!	We have just returned from our first London experience, a week of visiting and sleeping at this very intimate hotel in Chiswick. The room was ok, big enough and very clean, the bathroom also, with tub. There is a nice resident area, with a lot of restaurants, shops with food and wine open till late, even a small KFC across the street, which serves food till 23:00, fair enough for those who return late to the hotel.The location is convenient for public transport, in the middle of the distance between two underground stations, Turham Green and Stamford Brook, both on the District line. Furthemore, Turham Green is also on Piccadilly Line to Heathrow airport.The room rate, which is absolutely fair, includes continental breakfast and wi-fi internet is free of charge, a hard thing to find among other hotels.We experienced great services, nice and helpful staff. Especially I'd like to mention Anna and Ron, with many thanks for your support about the internet conection. If I travel again to London I'd probably consider to stay again here.	
Sep 15 2008 	Cockroaches	We had cockroaches in our apartment. This may be due to huge renovations going on at the property but is still unforgiveable. The manager is helpful and will do his best but the other front of house staff have a poor attitude and just want to fob off complaints about roaches, heating that doesn't work (&quot;have you turned on the radiotors&quot;, &quot;it takes a while to kick in&quot;), high chair booked but not available (&quot;we only have one and it's being used&quot;). The accommodation is good on paper and well located so, assuming the cockroaches get dealt with, if you want basic you're fine.	
Jun 9 2008 	exactly as described	stayed in 1 bed apartment thought the space for price we paid £160 for 2 nights was fantastic, excellent location and really great garden to sit in at the end of a busy day. Room was very clean although no frills but comfortable and private, really nice bedroom very large with high ceilings and nice decoration. great for underground, loads of bars and restaurants within walking distance	
Feb 29 2008 	Chip Fat...	The worst hotel i've ever stayed in!The first thing you notice is the stench of chip fat when you walk in! The rooms are ok ish, but for the price you are paying they should be better!As mentioned in previous reviews, the bathrooms are carpeted.The shower was awful. Nothing to hold it up with, you either have boiling hot or freezing cold.The worst bit was the noice. The hotel is next to a junction on the busy road. I got woken up every half hour or so by buses, people playing music etc. You might as well not bother going to sleepThe rooms were cold at nightThe breakfast consists of toast / fruit / cereal.Cooked items are £1.25 per item. (yes, £1.25 per egg!!!!!!!!)Don't bother staying here. Spend £40 more and have a nice experience at the chiswick morna hotel up the road, you won't regret it	
Dec 4 2007 	Shabby and overpriced	Possibly the worst hotel I have stayed in for a very long time, and at £105 a night (one person) it is completely over priced. Worn carpeted bathrooms (I kept my shoes on), old linen, and very shabby rooms and decor. No hot water in the morning! Uninspiring &quot;continental&quot; breakfast. I could not get myself to shower on the second night, I could not bear the bathroom. I consider this hotel very shabby and over priced. Its only good point is its location, Chiswick is wonderful. I stayed in the Hotel du Vin in Henley-On-Thames last night and the two hotels could not be more different. The latter was pure class and fantastic value (and at a cheaper rate than The Chiswick Hotel!)	
Jan 17 2006	Carpeted bathrooms	My company office is in Chiswick &amp; I've been coming here on and off for years. The lack of hotels in Chiswick (this is the only one) and the mediocre f/b I've had on this hotel long deterred me from staying here and I tended to stay in central London and taxi out. However, laziness recently prevailed and I stayed in the Chiswick hotel several times in the last few months.It's generally OK- 2-3 stars, cramped, a bit noisy, light and sound under the ill-fitting doors. A typical mediocre London hotel, but pricey for that at circa STG80-100.What has just put me off entirely is that the bathrooms are carpeted. I'm no Howard Hughes, but this just isn't sanitary. I hate having to wear my shoes around the room and to go to the bathroom and on my last stay I just couldn't bring myself to shower. So henceforth it's back to the commute from London.	
Nov 5 2005 	typical overpriced london hotel	as usual in london hotels they can charge what they want because they know they will get business anyway.the chiswick hotel is nothing more than a large b and b and for 90 pounds for a single its also a total rip off.my room was very ordinary with a shower that went from scorching to freezing whenever it wanted to.i got breakfast included in the price,but they only charge you for continental.if you fancy something cooked every item is 1.25,yes that means tomato-1.25,beans 1.25,hash browns 1.25 etc etc.my advice to anyone is to just book into a travel inn and at least you get a clean room and decent in room fascilities.the only plus side to this hotel is the staff are very friendly and helpful.if you want a good hotel in london and reasonably priced,keep hunting cos this one certainly isnt.	
Sep 30 2005	Great Find!	The Chiswick Hotel is the perfect place for someone wanting to stay close but not inside central London. It's especially convienent if you have a car and want to avoid traffic going back and forth to the airport or driving out to the countryside.The rooms are a great size and a good sized breakfast is included in your stay.The tube is about a 10 minute walk and it takes about 20 minutes to get into central London.Chiswick High Road has many, many shops and restaurants and is a lovely area.	
Mar 9 2004 	Smart hotel!	I thought the Chiswick Hotel was an elegent old-fashioned hotel in the suburbs of London. The rooms were cosy and well-furnished. The breakfast room was neat and light. The building has parking but is rather noisy as it is on the main road. Good service, though.	
Aug 24 2009 	ti credo che costava poco!!		
