Nov 19 2009 	Small room but great value	My sister and I are from Singapore. Despite us being petite Asians and me travelling frequently to Japan and staying in their small rooms, I was still taken aback by Elysee Hotel's match-box size room. Other than that the service was good, rooms were clean, breakfast was very good, and location was fantastic! Definitely great value for money.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location Great Breakfast	Yes the room was small, and the bathroom tiny, but it's Europe; that's the way it is. We were very happy with this hotel. It was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, A/C in room w/ remote control, in-room safe, flat screen TV, and the location was great. It is just around the corner from the Lancaster Gate tube station and is basically right across the street from the beautiful Hyde Park (walk through the park to get to Buckingham Palace). The neighborhood is very nice, quiet, and clean. There is a pub across the street, some small stores, and cafes nearby also (I would recommend the Swan pub around the corner for its history and atmosphere). The included breakfast was great (a little different for Americans, but that's all part of the experience). They had scrambled eggs, pork and beans, cereals, toast, juice, etc. - plus they have people that come around to give you coffee and tea and clear your table! There is free Wi-Fi internet in the lobby (we connected w/ our laptop and iPod) which worked just fine for our needs (checking e-mail, banking, etc.). We couldn't have asked for a better hotel and the great breakfast really saved us money on food.	
Sep 28 2009 	A decent place to stay for the price	Our room was clean, but very small, with a tiny bathroom consisting of a shower stall, sink and toilet. The hotel is quiet at night and air-conditioned. The location is only 2 or 3 blocks from the tube station, and there is a nice pub across the street and several small shops nearby to buy small items. Hyde Park is just a block away, which is a nice place to visit. The staff is courteous and speak broken English fairly well. The breakfast is mediocre and the same everyday, including the Rod Stewart CD that plays on and on. There is a laundry next door where the guy up front makes sandwiches. Don't make the mistake of going there to use the dryer without also using the washers, as the grouchy owner will set you straight. If you are a larger size person, I would not recommend the Elysee. But, if you are willing to sacrifice space and niceties for a well-priced and clean bed at night with a free mediocre breakfast, then you should consider this hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Ideal Location	The staff were helpful and friendly and the hotel was very clean. We would stay here again although our room was rather small and there was nowhere to put our suitcase. It was very warm during our stay so the air conditioning in our room was very welcome. The breakfast was adequate and you could easily fill up ready for a days' sight seeing. The nearest tube station is only a couple of minutes walk away and the nearby streets have a pub, Italian restaurants, cafes, small supermarket and shops. Kensington Park was just over the road so for us this was an ideal location.	
Aug 11 2009 	Loved it	I think its not fair that you keep comments prior to reforms made at the hotel, it was - actually - simply perfect and if you noticed it any critic after those reforms are positive!! I didn't try the breakfast because I had enough in the morning with coffe facilities in my bedroom, and I had a compact single, so a very small bedroom, the smallest I ever had, but for sleeping only and the whiles i spent there was perfect. I will recommend this hotel to anyone going to London, relation price/quality was more than perfect, I went in august, so high season, and for the situation it has, the cleanliness, the attentive service, and the cost it was more than awesome, it leaves me wordless... It's trouth the bathroom had no door, but neither was a way to out one in such a small place, the shower had a more than acceptable size, it was all tidy, clean... the bedroom its also truth that you have to close your bagagge before opening the door, but I knew that was going to be the bedroom size so no surprise, neither problem with that either. I wouldn't have liked to be at the lift side, because it was adpated for blind and apart from the noise was the lift saying &quot;door is open&quot; and all that and I always thought about people sleeping in the bedrooms close to it, but as I wasn't there I can't say but good things about this hotel. Congratulations to the ownership.	
Jul 28 2009 	Not for the claustrophobic!	my partner and I are regular visitors to London usually on leisure trips so have stayed in many hotels. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived in the area, very upmarket and quiet and close to all places of interest. The receptionist was polite and gave us the keys to our room. Everything looked clean, tidy and as expected. When we arrived to our room we were horrified at the size you could literally turn round in the room and that was about it. The reason they have flat screen TVs on the wall is because they will not fit anywhere else! However, the room was spotless and adequate for one nights stay. We went down to the bar to have a drink and maybe something to eat but we were told that it was closed because it was not busy enough (this at 8pm at night) so did not go down well as we were tired from a long day of activities and had to go elsewhere for a drink and food. Breakfast is certainly nothing to write home about very basic and definitely not what id call continental unless thats what you'd call cereal and toast. Overall a decent, clean place to lay your head but not one for relaxing and enjoying.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good value for London	The rooms are indeed small, but when in London you should not be spending much waking time in a hotel room anyway.Everything was clean and comfortable, and the air conditioner worked wonders during the recent heat wave.The location is excellent; only a two minute walk from Lancaster Gate tube, and about five minutes from Paddington.	
Jul 13 2009 	Small and clean	Tiny room but for sleeping it was fine, great location.Staff was ok not real friendly or unfriendly.TeeBow	
Jul 11 2009 	Very pleasant unplanned stay.	I arrived in London with my sister and teenage son all set to stay at a neighboring hotel. Upon arrival to our planned hotel, we were informed they didn't have our reservation. I went into panic mode, as London was very busy it w-as Wimbledon finals week. I went to the Elysee, and they were able to squeeze us in. They bent over backwards to accommodate us. We had to change rooms three times over our eight night stay, but we were extremely grateful to have shelter! They were even able to accommodate us on one night when we thought we'd have to stay down the street because there were no vacancies. The rooms are small, but this is very typical of European hotels. We had 5 different rooms between the 3 of us. Each was very clean, and had enough storage room for 3 people who overpacked. The rooms are fully refurbished - modern bathroom fixtures, and marvelous air-conditioning. We were there during a heat wave so it was a god send. The beds were comfortable, with crisp clean sheets each night. the breakfast staff was lovely and accommodating. Overall, we were extremely pleased with the Elysee, and intend to stay here again on our next visit. BTW- The location is great - many convenience shops on the street, laundry 2 doors down, and a 7 minute walk (with lots of luggage) to Paddington. A 3 minute walk to the Lancaster Gate tube as well.	
Jun 18 2009 	Small but otherwise perfect room!	Yes, our room (no45) was really small. But if you're not claustrophic and not in for a long stay, this hotel is perfect! Our room was very well equiped for it's price range, comfortable and clean. The breakfast was ok, the location was great and the staff was friendly. Do visit pub the Mitre accross the street :)	
Jun 10 2009 	Good Value - Excellent Location	We stayed here in May 2009 and it was a good experience. As previous reviews have said, this is in an EXCELLENT location - 2 minutes from the Underground - Central line, 2 minutes from Hyde Park, and on the same street as some excellent pubs and cafes. It is around the corner from a pharmacy, and is about a 10 minute walk to Paddington Station.We booked a double room and was quite small (at least in American standards) - it was just about fit a full size bed, a desk, and a small closet. The full breakfast was helpful but I kind of got sick of it by the last day - the fruit they offer appears to be canned mixed fruit. The coffee and tea were great.The staff was extremely helpful in our kind of oddball requests.Please note that even if your room appears to have been already serviced by housekeeping, they may not be finished. I was woken up twice in the afternoon by housekeeping (and didn't put up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign because I didn't think we needed to). So if you plan on visiting your room in the middle of the day, be sure to put the Do Not Disturb sign up.The hotel does have a bar (that appears to be operated by receptionist staff) but I saw absolutely no one visiting it during our stay.	
Jun 8 2009 	nice location  enough for a small trip in london	very nice location (lancaster gate and paddington station very near. to visit and to go outside the evening, that's good. direct line..2 stops to oxford.. you can cross hyde park and you arrive in buckingham palace..westminster etc.. small room but to sleep its ok. no noise for us ( 7 th floor ) internet access.breakfast ok but small and noisy room. nice staff, and you can leave your baggages the kast day.	
May 18 2009 	Enjoyed hotel - small room but cost lower than most helpful staff good location clean	The rooms in this little hotel may be small but they were very clean, had nice amenities like a TV, phone, hairdryer, a/c (something you don't always get) and an in room safe. The price was reasonable (as reasonable as you get in London - about 85 pounds) and it is close to a pub (a little too close but still fine - nothing stays open too late), close to Paddington Station/buses and Hyde Park, close to lots of little shops/restaurants/pharmacy/deli. The staff was very helpful and accomodating. They serve breakfast (yogurt, toast, cereals, eggs, beans, fruit) and have a computer (coin operated) in the lobby. There is wi-fi for your own computer. Get a room with a double bed if you are traveling alond and a room with 2 beds if there are two of you. Bathroom with shower. I would stay there again. For those getting picked up for tours, the buses don't stop there, but they do stop at the Corus Hotel which is 3 minutes around the corner.	
May 16 2009 	Room tiny - even for Paddington Bear!	Very small rooms (really tiny) Free Wifi does not reach all the rooms. Staff are friendly and helpful.	
Apr 29 2009 	Good location but small room	Had stayed in a triple room for 4 nights in April. The location is good, with just 3 minutes walk to Lancaster Gate Tube station which is along the Central line. Convenient to everywhere. A bit noisy from nearby bars for our room is located at 2nd floor facing the bar. The air-condition is not working during our stay but the staff is kind to offer change on the following day. Little room as a triple but seems common in London.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great hotel in prime location at a terrific price.	Our family of 4 stayed at Elysee for about 3 weeks. This is a hidden gem of a hotel located within shouting distance of great shopping, nightlife, amenities (laundry, the Tube, pharmacy, etc.)and other attractions in Central London. By London B&amp;B standards, the rooms are modern, very well equipped, and clean. (And for us Americans, the A/C in every room is a godsend.) The staff was very friendly, courteous, and always willing to help. And the price could not be beat for an upper-grade B&amp;B in the ritzy Lancaster Gate part of London. We've found our hotel for the next time we visit London! (Which will be soon.)	
Mar 1 2009 	ok hotel but tiny	Stayed here for 2 nights, room with double bed. Very tiny room and bathroom. Almost as I couldn't turn around. Bed was good on one side but broken on the other side. The remote was attached to the table, that was bad. The tv was to high up on the wall so the picture was a little dark when lying/sitting on the bed. I had to stand up to see the tv normal. The internet connection on the pc in lobby was slow and it was expensive to use. Go to area near paddington and use computers there. Cheaper and better.Paddington station was 6-7 minutes walk away from the hotel. I think that is a little too far. But the hotel was cheap. I payed under £130 for 2 nights incl. breakfast.Very friendly staff. You could notice that they want to help you and they like it (couldn't say that about the staff at the much expensiver hotel I stayed in earlier in London (The cranley)).Clean room, breakfast was good (friendly staff here also, here to help you and make you comfortable). Breakfast was also much better (and cheaper) than The Cranley.sum up:+breakfastpricevery friendly staff all overclean-location could be a litte bettertiny roomremote was attached to tabletv too high up on the wall (dark picture)internet in lobbyone bed was brokenDon't think I will be back.	
Feb 17 2009 	Decent size room very clean 	I booked a compact single room (it says in their description that it is compact) and had shower, toilet, air condition, electric heater, telephone, kettle,LCD TV. I do not understand what the previous lady was complaining about. If she wants a bigger room then pay for it and get a double room. Breakfast was also super. Meant to be continental but surprising there was scramble eggs, boiled eggs, beans in addition. The staff were wonderful all round. The bar is open in the evening was a wonderful place to chill out with a large screen TV.	
Feb 15 2009 	Save yourself from the single!	I was positively delighted as I arrived to the hotel, as the staff was so friendly and helpful and I even received a complimentary map. Unfortunately the friendliness of the staff was limited to the two guys working on day shift. Everything else after the reception was..more or less a disappointment. The room was absolutely the tiniest HOTEL room I have ever seen! It wasn't much bigger than a broom closet! If I placed my luggage on the floor, I couldn't open the door and had to jump over it to get to the bath&quot;room&quot;. Every time I wanted out, I had to close my luggage and place it next to the bed or in front of the toilet seat. There was not even a sliding door between the bath and the room itself, so all the steam, smells, everything spread to the room. The bath was refurbished, luckily, but since the shower nozzle could not be adjusted, you couldn't take a shower without getting your hair wet. The shower booth was so tiny that if you moved or turned, you touched the walls immediately! If you left the door open, the whole place got wet. There was no place to hang your towel or place your clothes or even toiletries. There wasn't even a proper coat rack to hang your longer coat or any longer pieces of clothing. Well, there were two hangers, so... There was no extra seating in the room, no chair, nothing, but on the other hand, there wouldn't have been room either... The only place to put your toiletries or shopping or anything was by the headboard and the shelf was so narrow! There was a tea kettle, but I just couldn't stomach the thought of drinking anything coming out of it. Also all the walls were stained and the carpeting so worn.On the night of my arrival, I woke to the freezing temperature in the room. The radiator was not working, neither could I turn on the heat pump on the wall. When I complained about it, it took hours before anyone could come and see either of the appliances. There was no extra blanket either. In the morning I realised why it had been so darn cold - the window was BROKEN behing the curtains!! There had been some sticky tape over the cracks, but they'd dried and dropped to the sill ages ago. Later on it was revealed that there was something wrong with the plugs in the room - how safe was I!The breakfast was lousy. Cereal, toast, canned fruits (which I saw no one touching), beans and scrambled/boiled eggs. You only got eggs and beans if you happened to go to breakfast early enough. How on earth can a hotel run out of breakfast!?! No apologies were made.They are advertising for their pub, but at least I couldn't find one. Perhaps it was the door that was closed next to the brekkie room? If you're accustomed to the 13.00 or 14.00 late check outs, don't dream of such in this place! It's 11.00 in best case and getting even that depends on who you're asking. All in all, the place was a disgrace, as so much more could be achieved with quite little changes.	
Feb 15 2009 	Decent rooms friendly staff excellent location	We stayed for four nights and an excellent experience. The room was very clean and had all the amenities air condition, kettle, flat screen, WIFI and a newly installed lift. The breakfast was continental plus Scramble eggs &amp; boiled eggs which is not advertised. The staff were extremely helpful and gave us a free local map on check in. There is a very famous pub The Mitre as seen in a Woody Allen film and lots of excellent restaurants opposite the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to families and Business people.	
Feb 12 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	I visited London in January for business, and I was looking for a hotel in the center of London. A friend had already stayed here, and he was shocked by the competitive pricing and the location. When they said on their website that they were a stone's throw away from Hyde Park, we thought it was more marketing. The hotel itself, from the exterior, was slightly 'shabby.' However, the room we were given was both spacious and very modern. It was perfect, and the interior of the hotel appeared to be recently renovated. The attitude of the staff was friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was appetising. I will definately go back there in the near future.	
Feb 6 2009 	chaotic bunch	My daughter and I specifically chose a hotel instead of a B&amp;B because of the facilities. None of these were available as advertised at the Elysee - the lift was out of order, the bar was being used as a store room. Some sort of renovation work was going on - cardboard lining the floors, the lift seemed to be boarded up. When I asked about the bar being closed, I was told that the barman was sick which was obviously not the reason for all the cleaning material etc. stored in the bar. In the middle of the second night we were awoken by a dreadful noise and discovered we were being flooded from the room above - the bathroom was completely deluged, water was dripping out of the ceiling lights and had saturated the carpet. We called reception and spent a very exhausting night getting rearranged. We had to very, very firmly INSIST on a move as the assistant felt we could just stay in this room. I had to point out the danger involved (electricity) and insist that the manager be contacted. We were reluctantly given a different room and began to move all our stuff to it but the young man on duty told us to leave our belongings as we would return to this room the next day. I could not imagine how but assumed the hotel had some way of getting things dried up.We took what we needed for the night and moved but got very little sleep. The next morning we were informed at very short notice (we received a call from reception while we were still in bed) that we were indeed moving again and were told to pack up and also get our things from the first room to move to a third room. As a result we missed a walk we had booked. In the ensuing chaos our coats went missing for a day and night (September in London!) and an expensive sports spectacle case went missing completely. We had to haul our heavy cases down several flights of stairs without help on leaving. We were not offered an apology by the management never mind any form of compensation - the manager did not even show up after the incident although we asked to speak to him. The receptionists appeared to be very puzzled that we wanted to speak to the manager, could not remember all the upheaval with the flooding and when reminded simply shrugged their shoulders. It was quite dreadful.	
Jan 26 2009 	Small but nice and clean	This is a non pretentious hotel very recently renovated. It was all perfect and clean although small. Small elevator, small room, small shower etc... in my case, I just needed a place to sleep for the night so it was perfect. It is walking distance from the tube and Hyde Park for jogging. Even breakfast was good. I would really recommend it for traveling on a budget in excellent conditions and without fancy stuff.	
Jan 18 2009 	Good Hotel	Good hotel, refurbished, clean rooms although small, clean bathroom, good location, nice neighborhood (Hyde Park, The Mitre Pub). Continental breakfast included boiled eggs. New elevator for 8 persons.Worth the money!	
Nov 4 2008 	Elysée Hotel	We had a double room at Elysée Hotel and the room was actually in better shape than we thought that it would be. I wouldn't call it roomy, but still not small. It's definitely okay by european standard. Our room was at the basement, which was a little boring though the only window we had was too high for actually be able to see something from it. Bathroom was clean but the door to the shower couldn't be closed properly. Great location! Couple minutes walk to Lancaster Gate (subway) and couple of more minutes to Paddington Station. A budget hotel I'd recomemd for people that wanna save some money in London!	
Nov 3 2008 	Excellent Location	Booked triple room at this hotel through GTA Hotels. Not the best hotel I've stayed in but did the job. Room was tiny for a triple, basic but clean. Excellent location, 2 mins from Lancaster gate tube and 5 mins from Paddington. 2 mins from Hyde Park. Didn't get up in time for continental breakfast so had a £2.99 full English at Raffles cafe, on Craven Road just around the corner (highly recommended). The only major downside, was that the walls are extremely thin, so wasn't happy when we were woken up at 1.30am by guests in the room next door. Could hear every single word. However, would probably stay there again as it was a good price for a central London hotel.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great location fro Hyde Park Festival	The Elysee Hotel was reasonably priced for a london hotel.The room was comfortable, if a little small, but definitely acceptable for the price.The location was great....close to Hyde Park and accessible by tube to Lancaster Gate Station.All in all, a good hotel for a short weekend break where you just need somewhere as a base and to rest your head.	
Sep 19 2008 	Elysee is OK	Hotels in London are notoriously expensive, and rooms are notoriously small. The Elysee is a budget hotel that does most things rights. The room was tiny, but well-designed, and the bathroom was brand new and spotlessly clean. The room we had was oddly configured with the window at the end of a corridor - while this made the room somewhat dark, it did allow for a bit of a &quot;dressing area&quot; (complete with hair dryer and mirror.) Staff were efficient, but pleasant. The breakfast included was perfectly adequate and the staff in the breakfast room were very cordial. Desk staff allowed us to store our luggage on our day of departure, which was much appreciated. NOTE: the lift was out of service during our visit - to the hotel's credit this information was prominently displayed on their website, and was no surprise to us on our arrival.	
Sep 15 2008 	Daylight robbery.	We are just back from London, and stayed in this hotel. They gave us room 19A, which was a triple room, but it had no window. The next morning we realised it did indeed have a window, but it was down a corridor! It allowed in no day light, and it would be impossible to know when it was day or night. Despite having told the hotel we were travelling with our learning disabled daughter, we asked if we could have breakfast in our room, even if one of us went down to the breakfast room to get it and they refused point blank. They would not allow us to do that, which put added pressure on us while away from home. The lift is still broken, and the reception staff chatted among each other and were indifferent to guests when we saw them. It was certainly possible to get better accomodation for the money in that area but they requested payment up front, so we didn't pursue that avenue. Generally seedy, narrow, not for the more full of figure. Nooky, dark in the corridors and breakfast staff didn't know very much english. We asked for some toast and they brought us one slice of toasted bread, it took some negotiating to actually get enough toast for our family...one slice at a time.....Be prepared or stay somewhere else!	
Sep 11 2008 	Good Experience	The Elysee is a small Hotel in the Lancaster Gate area across from Kensington Gardens and off the Bayswater Rd. It is also close to Paddington station.The rooms are newly refurbished and while small are carefully fitted to give you all you need in a short stay hotel. The beds are comfortable. The bathrooms are also well fitted and the tilework is attractive and tasteful. The breakfasts are good and on par with the usual European standard. The staff are friendly, professional, helpful and take a pride in their work. This is a vast improvement on the traditional English &quot;hotel&quot; and is far removed from the &quot;Fawlty Towers&quot; which one can still find lurking in this country.There are some good restaurants close by and the Mitre pub across the street can be recommended in all respects apart from the ridiculous early closing time.	
Sep 9 2008 	Lovely Great Location	we had a lovely stay, i went with my mum and stayed for 5 nights. the lifts are currently out of bounds, as it is being replaced so they put us on the ground floor. the bar was also closed while we were there, but that didnt bother us because we were out all day. the room was small but it was perfectly adequate. we were very near lancaster gate station so we had no problems travel wisethe kensington gardens are pretty much opposite where we were staying, and it just a short walk to hyde park, which is right beside this, and there you'll find The Princess Diana Memorial Fountaini didnt book through the hotel website itself as i actually got it cheaper on another website called easytobook. note: when you arrive at the hotel you have to pay on arrival	
Jun 18 2008 	Nicely refurbished	Booked in here after original hotel turned into disaster. Had a nice clean twin room that had been refurbished. Good bathroom and not a bad size room for London. Staff very friendly and accomodating allowing us to check in in the morning because the room was available. Location is excellent with Lancaster Gate station just around the corner and Paddington Station a short walk away with the fast train to Heathrow. Lots of nice little cafe's close by, reasonably priced. Hotel elevator wasn't very good but is apparently being updated. I didn't want to get in it with my husband and the luggage so we went up one at a time. The continental breakfast was okay - nothing more. Canned fruit, yogurt, cereal, juice, white and brown toast, tea or coffee. Pretty basic but fine to get you started for the day.	
May 23 2008 	It wasn't good; it was excellent	Elysee Hotel staff saved me after I had missed my plane due to vandalism on the train tracks to Stansted Airport. I was very lucky; they had a few rooms available when I checked in. Check-in went very smooth. The room was very clean; I was very pleasantly surprised. The bed was definitely the most comfortable I have ever slept in in London. Television was great; lcd-screen. They have CNN, Sky News and also French and Italian news stations. Very good. I believe you can switch to radio, too. I haven't tried that though. At my room, a clean bedroom was offered. Plenty of clean, white towels - very good. Staff was very friendly. I don't really believe the comments about mice, rude staff members and so on. There are just always people who feel like bringing others down because they're not happy themselves. Everything was ok at the Elysee Hotel. It worked for me. Breakfast was ok, too, by the way. I don't eat that much in the morning so some cerial and yoghurt was all fine with me. I will definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to others.	
Apr 15 2008	Loved the Elysee Hotel and their staff	First let me say hello to phillip,maria and to all the wonderful staff. I want to thank the hotel for a wonderful stay. I had booked other accomodations and it fell thru and i was able toget a triple room with Elysee Hotel. It is very close by and there is a laudromat two doors down with a great sandwhich shop too. (note: the dryers at the laudromat take forever to dry and will cost you about 4 pounds for two loads) As far as to the hotel the room we had was a triple and it was great. The maids were great, our room was cleaned every day and there is nice soap and shampoo/conditioner tolietries in the bathroom. it was nice having wifi and tea/coffee making facilities in the room. You do get continental breakfast but you get boiled egg, 2 choices of fruit, yogurt, toast,cereal, milk,coffee and juice and the ladies who serve you are fantastic!!! i hope to come back to London soon. Advice for travelers u might want to bring plenty of pounds currency it would be cheaper in the long run. You can use your cc in London but everything will be converted double to USD so if you pay 10 pds in london u will be charged $20 on your card. I hope this helps. Oh there is two tube stations just around the corner and 3 blocks up the street. And the very charming staff will call a taxi for u if you need one. There is a great pub across the street. The hotel bar is great too. Look foward to seeing staff at Hotel Elysee again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Elysee Saved us	Elysee saved our stay in London, I booked Oxford Hotel for 68 ounds which is at the same street of Elysee, which have rooms that are not for human plus they are terrible and dirty, then on the way to the tube, we passed by Elysee, and all we have to do is add another 10 pounds for a wonderful, warm, clean and helpful staff. the breakfast was also good, yoghurt, toast, milk, cereals, coffee and tea, fruits as well. all in all, if you are looking for a nice, clean,, cheap hotel in london, this is for you, lancaster tube is just 5 minutes away, theres a nearby restaurant that serves nice fish and chips - The Swan. 2 doors away, they have laundry shop in case you need one. a block away you see a lot of local shops, grocery. stay in room 3, its the best i think =)	
Mar 7 2008 	Plenty of mucking about but OK	My friend and I spent approximately two weeks in London - our first week before hitting Europe and our last week before heading home. We chose this hotel as it's close to Paddington Station &amp; Hyde Park. Of course, the price was also appealing. We were aware of rooms being &quot;bisou&quot; (small) and rather dull ambience but when in London, &quot;beggers can't be chooses&quot; so to speak.Our first room was quite small but OK for the price. However, noise became an issue on many nights with loud guests as the room was around the corner from reception.Most of the staff were OK but one lady in particular had excellent service.The most unfortunate thing about our stay at The Elysees occurred when in our last week. Our first stay was in a twin room close to where the hotel staff went for a smoke so the room smelt like cigarettes (we witnessed staff smoking on the fire escape/back stairs). The toilet was amusing as in it took several attempts to flush before anything went down and I didn't enjoy putting my feet on the side of the shower to go to the toilet. However, I'm sure the renovations have improved the bathrooms. After a quick 2 days in Bath, we were excited to find out that we would be staying in one of the renovated rooms which turned out to be a lot better than the rooms we previously had. Unfortunately, on our last night, we headed back to the hotel in the afternoon to find out that we had been kicked out of our room, our luggage as well as all of our other bits and pieces had been moved into another room by one of their staff and that we would be sharing a double room (with a small double bed). This room faced the pub across the road and I couldn't get to sleep because of the noise and the incredibly uncomfortable bed. I was just glad to be leaving the hotel the next day. We complained to the staff and they didn't seem to care. We were told that they overbooked and even had to send other people to another hotel. One of the staff members overheard and whispered to me that &quot;see how our hotel is run?&quot; and went on to roll her eyes. I am sure that rooms have improved but because of the lack of empathy from the staff and moving us every couple of days, I would not go back again!	
Dec 18 2007	Pleasantly Surprised.	The reviews did concern me a little so I was pleasantly surprised to find a hotel which had just been completely re-furbished internally. The carpets were brand new. So was the bedroom with fresh decoration and new fittings. It's fair to say that the room and en-suite was small, but it worked fine - it does help when the room is so clean &amp; tidy. The staff were always smiling too; and so helpful. I shouldn't be telling you this really as I want to keep it as a secret but the hotel deserve credit where credit is due.Becky Richards	
Dec 13 2007 	Pleasant stay in London	In November, my boyfriend and I decided to venture into London again, and we stayed in the same hotel as we did previously.As we wanted to see the centre of London as opposed to the outskirts, we stayed in this hotel situated in a prime location in Central London.The hotel staff were very polite and helpful throughout our stay.The room, whilst somewhat small, was comfortable and clean with facilities one would expect from a 3 star hotel, such as: hairdryer, tea/coffee facilites, ac etc.The breakfast could be improved but was adequeate.On the whole; we had a pleasant stay there again, and it was excellent to see the improvements since the last time we stayed.	
Dec 13 2007	Decent hotel near Oxford St.	For convenience this hotel is in excellent proximity to Hyde Park and Oxford Street. Nice contemporary room, good size, clean, with a flat screen TV.. Good value for the money and a helpful staff as well.	
Dec 11 2007 	Don't trust this people!	I had planned to travel to London from 7th december to 9th december 2007 and decided to search an hotel close enough to the centre and especially to Oxford Street. I've been to London many times before but this time I really wanted a very convenient location and a couple of months before my travel I booked two standard double rooms throught the hotel website.I guaranteed my booking with a credit card and received an email confirmation from the hotel the next day.Twenty days before my departure I received an &quot;automatic&quot; email from the hotel saying that my reservation had been cancelled. I immediately sent an email to the hotel to ask for more information about this but got no reply. I therefore decided to phone them and the lady I spoke to claimed there had been a problem and they were going to contact me again the following day. I received an email from the hotel staff claiming that there had surely been a mistake as the reservation had been cancelled for no reason at all but they couldn't do anything to help me and they even suggested to find an alternative accommodation!! They didn't apologize or provide an alternative accommodation, as a professional hotel should do! And surely the booking wasn't cancelled by me or my fellow mates! I was really disappointed as the hotel staff showed no customer service skills at all and I finally had to book an hotel with was located in east london, about 30 minutes by tube from the city centre.What I think is that the hotel was overbooked and they decided to cancel my reservation in order to sell my standard rooms as &quot;Superior&quot; rooms.I would really avoid this hotel again and I would never reccommend anyone I know to be their guest!	
Oct 12 2007 	Mice!	I booked this hotel last minute for a stay in London. It was awful. The pictures on sites make it look nice; but it certainly isn't worthy of it's alleged 3* rating. Firstly there was extensive building works going on throughout the hotel; which wasn't mentioned on any booking. My room was billed as delux; but it was not; it was basic. There was a shower; but no bath and though the room was a fair size it had a double bed and 2 singles. I had not expected to be using a tripple room. The TV reception was poor and most channels were fuzzy. There was no radio or other entertainment options. The bar appeared to be closed throughout; though this may have been to do with the refurbishment works. The finish throughout the hotel was shabby. There was a hole in on of my walls with wires poking through from the other room. Breakfast was a very basic continental. The toast was barely even toasted and was cold. I was given a cold boiled egg and the only other option was cereal. My main concern was MICE! I spotted a trap under the dresser. And at night I could hear them scuttling around obviously in my room. It made getting to sleep unlikely. The only thing to recommend it was it's excellent location; close to the tube and Hyde Park. It's verycheap by London standards; but please don't waste your money as there are better places.	
Sep 30 2007	don't waste your money	This was the worst Hotel I have been in the UK, dont waste your money there, don't let the photos on the hotel website full you... we have even a mouse in the room!The Hotel is a old house which rooms have been given a small makeover to charge tourist....rooms are full of holes on the walls corners and the quality of the beds are poor.....my advice never go there.....	
Sep 4 2007 	Good Value for Money	I have just returned from London, having stayed 4 days in the Elysee hotel. I booked this hotel, because of its convenient location (very close to the tube( Lancaster and Paddington station) and the train (Paddington station)) and its low prices (compared to the other hotels in London, that cost a fortune). I knew from the beginning that it wasn't the best in the west, but i took my chances. To tell the truth, I was a little bit terrified by the reviews of some other travellers in Tripadvisor, and frankly, I was expecting the worst.Nevertheless, we were given a deluxe room on the 1st floor free of charge (we had booked a normal room instead), which was really small (about 25 sqm), but ok in generall (see my candid photos). The bathroom was also small but newly renovated and very clean, which is the most important. There wasn't enough space for the suitcases in the room, but finally we managed. There was also an LCD flat TV, but there weren't many chanels.The breakfast room was in the basement, but was newly painted and was really clean, I didn't detect an unpleasant smell, as some other travellers did.I must admit, though, that the breakfast was rather poor (coffee, tea, orange juice, one hard-boiled egg per person, toasted bread, butter and 5 kinds of marmelade).The staff that served the breakfast was very very kind, friendly and efficient, we had no problem whatsoever.As far as the reception staff is concerned, it may not have been native British, but we had no problem with the communication (they spoke relatively good English and were very friendly and polite).To sum up, the hotel was ok, considering the money we spent for it. It wasn't the best hotel I've ever stayed, but I didn't expect something more. In my opinion, I think that the reviews of the travellers in the Tripadvisor site have really brought a result: the administration of the various hotels takes the reviews into consideration, and tries to improve the conditions and the staff attitude of the corresponding hotels. Tripadvisor reviewers, keep up the good work!!! PS. The pub &quot;Mitre&quot; across the street is a must! It has a very nice traditional environment and really good, non-expensive food! I really recommend it (see also the candid photo).	
Jul 21 2007 	Superb Hotel with great value	Having just returned from a weekend in the Elysee Hotel and we were pleasantly surprised. Firstly, we were shocked at the quality of the deluxe rooms. They were slightly cramped but the amenieties were superb. There was a flat screen Tv with a large selection of challenges. Also, the mattress, although it squeaked, was very confortable. I was travelling on business and the WIFI was superb. It was very useful and fast, although slightly expenisive. Also the in-room safe was helpful. The breakfast was adequate and all the staff were very polite. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you stay in a deluxe room.	
Jul 6 2007 	dont even think about this hotel	Stayed over night with my wife,was given room at back of hotel where there is a building site with non stop noice.Asked if we could be moved but said we would have to pay extra for a deluxe double and was told they couldnt here anything anyway,lies!Room was of a very low standard even for a budget hotel.Breakfast was of nothing special either,the only thing going for this hotel is its location.To not spoil your holiday dont book this hotel.	
May 23 2007 	A hotel with 's' in the middle	Admittedly our selection of the Elysee was price-driven. In a city like London, it was relatively cheap.But pay peanuts, get monkeys...Three of us booked a triple room - there was barely enough room to walk without smashing hipbones on the ledge built onto the wall to hold the tea/coffee. In truth, it should have been a double without the added single bed. Protests had us moved to a quad room - no larger really but a spare bed to park the bags.The remaining complaints are all small, but together combine to give an overall feeling of dissatisfaction:Extremely uncomfortable mattress (swapped the next day.)Dirty blankets (replaced the next day.)Only one towel each and no bath mat.Refurbished interior but tacky around the edges.Free internet only accessible in the foyer on your laptop - at painfully slow speeds. (Very expensive broadband available.)Breakfast (included) was toast, 2 juices, 2 cereals, coffee and a cold hard boiled egg. Every morning.The Elysee is in a good location but one gets the impression that it is milking that by cramming as many guests in to it's rooms at as low a cost per head as it can. Certainly, it was full over the weekend. If all you want is a bed, go for it. If you want a comfortable bed and more, look elsewhere...	
Apr 30 2007 	A 3 stars which works like an hostel.	Hi,please check out my candid photos.Me and my boyfriend stayed for 5 nights in April 2007.CLEANLINESS: moquette on the floor isn't the smartest decoration chioce in the world, but you have to expect that in England.The general condition of the room wasn't that bad, although I really had no sense of freshness and light as I walked into the room the very 1st day I arrived.The following days I realized the staff only provided to make up the bed but without changing the sheet. This is a bit uncomfortable if you're supposed to stay for a few days.In 5 nights they did't even swept the floor once, and they didn't provide new toilet tissue nor new sample bar soaps.POSITION: great. I think there's no better position in the rest of London. We could both catch the bus and getting the tube walking 2 minutes. Plus, the beautiful Hyde Park landscape was reeeeally close and in Crawen Terrace there are plenty of groceries, pubs, restaurants and even a laundrette.STAFF: staff was nice, they were always smiling and helpful even if you don't have to expect royal treatment. If you're 85 years old and you have a big luggage, they WILL NOT help you carrying it anyway!!!BREAKFAST: continental. It was rich and tasty. Cannot really complain about that.ROOM: The wardrobe was ok with a few hangers. Bedspread was probably belonging to the Stone Age, but we didn't use it anyway.Room and hotel embellishments and trims are way too far from being average: there are scratches on the walls, the paper-wall is teared up, stairways are teared up as well.The funniest thing is that it is actually one of the nicest hotels around in terms of good quality.BATHROOM: no comment. All you get is a precarious toilet WC really close to the wall and the shower was a bad dream. It was pretty clean, though, but it showed limestone.Just for the record: the washbain wan't in the bathroom, it was actually in the bedroom!!!!!!!!!!! And it was suitable just for Polly Pockets!!! Check out my photo, please.AMENITIES: satellite TV means that you get a very small screen and, obviously, there is NO satellite view. The remote control was broken (cells were visible), dirty and crusted with filth.	
Jan 24 2007	Very good location	The best in this hotel is the location. It´s very close to the subway, the area is calm and the subway line is very good.I booked online and the room they gave us was on the last floor. It was small, clean and the bathroom was good. The problem I found was that the cealing was inclinated and the bed staied just above that part. It had air conditioned, wich worked so the room was warm.The breakfeast was more or less, but I think it´s a good choice if your going to visit london.One of the things I liked Is that you have acess to WLAN net free so I called free through Skype.	
Jan 16 2007 	Do not stay at this hotel	Me and my girl stayed here for 4 nights from the 11th January, we booked over the internet, having seen some nice photos on the website. The photos of the exterior are accurate, however the interior photos on the website must be of a different hotel!Yes, it was relatively cheap, and yes it is in a great spot (near Hyde park, easy access to Lancaster gate tube, and paddington), however spend a little more a stay elsewhere.When checking in the guy on the desk was doing all the paperwork when the phone rang, he answered the phone even though he was serving me, i wouldnt have minded if it was an enquiry about the hotel or something similar, it wasnt, it was a personal call, and he chatted about going out and stuff with the other person on the end of the line, quite rude i thought. Got up to the room 20A, it was very basic, walls were dirty, but we just dumped our stuff and went off exploring London. We came back to the hotel later that night to get some rest. i noticed that there was a quite a draft blowing through one of the window frames, which made our room really cold, not to worry there was a spare blanket so we just huddled up in bed with that. The biggest moan that i have with this place is that the walls were wafer thin, we could here everything going on in the room next door, so when a family with a baby checked in at 11pm, we got disturbed, when the baby was banging on our wall from this point till 1.30am, it had annoyed me somewhat. Oh and the wall on the other side of the room was the lift shaft of the death trap of a lift the hotel has. The following morning i asked if we could swap rooms, i was made to feel like i was being a real nuisance by asking for another room because of the draft and the noise. We moved rooms down the hall to room 23. This room was in a bit better condition, was well heated, again rather sparse and some of the wall paper was peeling off. So we went off into London again, after a full day of mooching around the city we were exhausted, got back to the room around 9ish and got into bed. About 12ish we were woken by the couple in the room next door, who were laughing and talking ( to be fair to them not a really loud volume) but because of the thickness of the walls we could here everything, this continued till 4am. At 3am i got up to see if the night guy would maybe tell them to be quiet, as it is 3am after all. i heard him come upstairs but he didnt do anything. The following morning we wanted to leave, we came to london for a break not to be kept up all night. I went to recepetion to ask for our money back and we were going to check out and stay somewhere else. The guy said (in his very poor english) that we would still be charged if we left early. I was not happy with that and said i was happy to be charged for the 2 nights that we stayed, but for the remaining amount to be refunded back onto my card. He said he was not authorised to do so. So i asked who was authorised, he said the manager, so i asked to see the manager, he said the manager is not here. So i asked when will he be here, he replied im not sure, he usually doesnt show up at weekends. I thought this was very strange, that there was no-one incharge, and that the managers whereabouts was a mystery. He offered to move us again, we declined. we didnt check out as they wouldnt give us our money back, the following 2 nights were ok, still very noisy however. My advice would be pay a little extra and stay in one of the more reputable chain hotels, as you'll get better service and better rooms.	
Dec 31 2006 	Clean relatively good value	I booked the room for my wife and me on line, having stayed there thrice before. Although the rates have inceased, the Elysee is a relatively good value. The hotel is quite clean, even if the rooms are small. Free WIFI is available in the lobby and the bar room, and is available in the guest room directly behind the reception desk. The location of this hotel is excellent, a real plus. There is a marvelous Italian Restaurant across the street several doors down, and directly across the street there is a great pub, The Mitre, with reasonable food prices. Having a beer by the fireplace is fun. Catecornered to the hotel is a small take away deli-type sandwich place with extremely good prices. The hotel is in walking distance of Paddington Rail Station - 10 minutes away. It is a five minute walk to the nearest tube station, and several bus lines are accessible enroute to the subway station. One can get to Marble Arch in five minutes by bus. Being one block from Hyde Park is another plus, if you are a jogger. A walk in the park is invigorating. Just a block away are a variety of food stores and a variety of more restaurants. The room itself was decent although not spacious.The ensuite bathroom was very small but adequate .Breakfast (a mighty good one!) is included in the price. We found the entire staff to be quite helpful and friendly.. Car parking on the street is expensive with the meters, but certainly avaiilable at night (free), but beware of early morning meter feeding. London is notorious for car impounding, beware. There are a few hotels with free parking. I do not recommend having a rental car in London any more because of parking problems and there is a tax imposed on one, if one drives into the &quot;downtown&quot; area.All things considered, we rank this hotel above average, because It is an excellent value for the internet guaranteed advance rate of 64 GBP. Howard Hines, Reston, Virginia	
Nov 30 2006	I would not recommend it.	Me and my girlfriend stayed for two nights in the end of september. The first impression was ok. Nice people, checked in and paid cash in advance. The room was small, but nothing more than we needed. There was'nt any towels in the room, so I went down to the reception to ask for some. Being there, I overheard two guests complaining about mice in their room. Didnt think much about it at that point.The next day, after spending a lot of money in beautiful London ;o) , we got back to the hotel. We were told that because of too many people in the hotel, they had to change our room. We got a new room with three beds, not two like our prevoius room. I thought it was a little strange, conidering why we were moved. Later that night I understood the reason we were moved. I woke up because of a strange sound, and there it was, on the nightstand, eating a coockie my girlfriend bought. We tried to sleep, but its incredible how much noise a little mouse can make. It even woke me by tickling me in the neck. We checked out 30/9. not intending to do any more business with this hotel. one month later, on 30/10-06 my girlfriends VISA was charged for £62. I have called the hotel several times to get the money back, and they say yes, we are sorry, we will get back to you, but nothing happens. I am pretty sure that I will get the money back, but this is unacceptable.	
Nov 16 2006 	Never Ever Again !!!!	We have just returned today from a 3 day break in London.We booked into the Elysee Hotel on Tuesday just after lunch.We basically chucked our bags in the room and went off to explore london for the rest of the day.our first impressions of the room was it was very small but it would do... (by the way the room was on the 1st floor - 10A which will become more meaningful shortly)HOW WRONG WE WERE..!we returned to the room that night late on after going to see a show.on closer inspection the room was horrendous.it was scruffy, the wallpaper was peeling away from the walls.the carpet was filthy.AND the bathroom....OH MY GOD.I have never in my life smelled anything like it..it was so damp and foisty in was untrue.don't get me wrong it appeared clean-ish to the eye, but the extracter looked like it hadn't worked in a while, so obviously the bathroom never gets ventilated to dry out (hence the smell).being as it was late and we were absolutely shattered from a full day of travelling and walking etc.we decided to hold our noses, get a quick wash and seek a new room in the morning.that was the worst night we have ever spent anywhere (and we have spent a night in a hotel in the dominican whilst being beaten by hurricane Jean, though that was nothing on this)the smell seemed to get worse as the night went on, we were both itching all night in the bed.I half expected to get up and find bites all over me (though I did not - thankfully)I went to speak to the manager the following morning, which was not the best..most of the staff speak broken english and found it hard to understand my problems, they did though give us another room.This time on the 4th floor...I took the lift - oh my god the lift I almost forgot.NOT FOR THE FAINT HEARTED, it bangs clatters rattles.I don't mind lifts, but this one scared the crap out of me.I went to check the room on the 4th floor before I moved our stuff, as had it been of a similar ilk, I would have been demanding my money back and finding a room elsewhere..as the lift doors opened, I felt like I was in a different hotel, the hallway was bright, newly carpeted etc.I found my new room just to the left.a newly painted door, which opened into a fairly newly decorated room, with an LCD tv on the wall, air conditioning, a nice non smelling bathroom etc.we moved rooms right away.I feel cheated big style that the hotel had a vacancies sign outside, yet they stuck us in the crappiest room I have ever had the misfortune to see, when they had hald decent rooms available.I would not recomend this hotel to my worst enemy, let alone anyone else.steer well clear, I wish we had paid the extra £10 per night and stayed in a travelodge at least you know they are mostly ok.not the hell hole that this was.If you do for some unknown reason decide to stay here demand a room on the 4th floor.!!	
Nov 13 2006 	The basics are OK	First impressions were not good; it's tatty, our room had 3 beds and no room to move, the shower room was tiny and the place as a whole is remarkably charmless. Bizzarre, but there was a full size fridge in the middle of the room just taking up space.However, it is cheap (by London standards) and it does the basics OK, the room was clean, the bed comfy, the location quiet yet convenient being close to Lancster Gate and Hyde Park. The breakfast is very limited but what there was was quite good - the limited menu helped a fast turnover of guest in what is a very small room.It's not a destination hotel to linger in but if all you want is a cheap place to have a good sleep you could do a lot worse.	
Nov 1 2006	Great value	I thought this hotel was very good value for money and very comfortable. The staff were pleasant and helpful even when I asked to be moved from the first twin room we were allocated - avoid the basement rooms until they do something about a security light from a next door property which made the bedroom as light as day all night. The location suited us well since it was close to underground and bus services from which we could access all the places we wanted to go to from the London Eye to National Gallery and theatres. The breakfast was basic but the staff involved were very friendly.	
Oct 31 2006 	Well presented hotel but unhelpful staff	I booked this hotel because it was a good rate, close to Hyde Park and in a nice area of London as well as reading the reviews on TripAdvisor.My husband and I stayed at the Elysee Hotel for 4 nights in early October 2006 (just over 4 weeks ago). When we arrived our room wasn't ready but that was sorted out and we were given a top floor room which was a little smaller than the others though. Bedroom was very small with hardly any storage space for clothes. The hotel has recently been renovated and has all modern fittings including a small flat screen tv. However, we had problems with the shower as the screen doors would not close. I reported this 3 times to management and they said they would get it fixed but in those 5 days we had there, it was never fixed. We were annoyed at having our bathroom floor flooded every time we had a shower and so would leave the windows open to try and dry it. All it required was tightening up the runners on the screen door but that seemed to be way too hard for management and they couldn't have cared less. Breakfast was included and this was continental - toast, cereal, juice, coffee/tea and a boiled egg. Management seemed new and flustered with a full hotel.Great location if you like Hyde Park and Kensington though. Our second trip to London. Take some peanuts in the shell to feed the cute squirrels in Hyde Park.	
Sep 12 2006 	Comfortable - I'd stay there again =)	The hotel was very comfortable ! Me and my boyfriend arrived at the hotel late at night and got our room almost right away. The staff was very friendly! The elevator was a bit small ( Only two people allowed ), so if some one's already in there you need to wait... Many complain about the size of the rooms - YES - it's small if you're looking for a place to practice cartwheels!... It's absolutely THE RIGHT SIZE - Me and my boyfriend stayed in a double ensuite room and we had more than enough room to sit on the carpet and have a little picnic with our take away chinese food ( which by the way we bought at a nearby chinese restaurent called The Mandarin on 33 Craven Road - great chicken with pineapple!!!! ). The bathroom was small and very clean - we found the toilet extremely funny since you need to start it ( like people used to do with old cars...) in order for it to flush... Don't take this the wrong way - I found that almost every toilet in London had to be started too... Or maybe it was just me who was this &quot;lucky&quot;... =)( We had breakfast included) Breakfast was more than enough for me (but then again, it doesn't take much to satisfy my stomach ) - one boiled egg per person, coffee or tea, 3 toasts per person, butter, all kinds of jam, orange juice, apple juice and 3 kinds of cereal.The location is great - 7 minutes walk from paddington tube station, 3 from lancaster gate station and 2 from hyde park ( which is absolutely lovely! ) In short, this hotel is great for people who are looking for a nice and comfortable place to sleep while visiting London. Me and my boyfriend really liked this hotel and will probably stay there if we visit London again.Liron from Israel!	
Jul 31 2006 	Too HOT in the Summer!		
Jul 8 2006	Small Clean Rooms		
May 4 2006	terrible triple room		
Feb 20 2006	Great Location for Women Travelling Alone		
Dec 30 2005	A good place to stay		
Dec 15 2005	Good value		
Nov 18 2005	Loved the hotel and local area		
Nov 7 2005	excellent value central london accomodation!		
Jul 19 2005	Affordable place to sleep		
Nov 16 2009 	Chambres de Bonnes...		
Aug 12 2009 	Muy aseado espacios reducidos pero muy limpio		
Jul 1 2009 	Kleines sauberes Hotel in Toplage!		
May 10 2009 	Parfait pour dormir		
Apr 22 2009 	très bon hotel		
Mar 8 2009 	A éviter		
Feb 22 2009 	Excellent hôtel pour le prix de la chambre		
Jan 28 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 7 2008 	Orribile per tutto + topi nelle camere!		
Mar 24 2008 	hotel		
Jul 31 2007	correct		
