Oct 20 2009 	low price hotel	near Camberwell Green - well connected with Oval station - near ethnic restaurants and local shops.	
Jun 2 2009 	One look at room and walked out.	Could not stay there. Bathroom had mould growing up wall. Stains on bedside table. Broken light fitting hanging inches over bed. Checked out immeadiately but they still tried to charge even though did not stay. Had to do a chargeback via bank.	
Apr 28 2008 	Friendly - clean - tidy - no probs	i booked this hotel as its website says a 10 min walk to the tube station. Don't be fooled it is more like a 20 min walk so i would advise you to get the bus 36 or 436 goes straight to it from oval tube station. the area can be quite intimidating and noisy with traffic the hotel itself does not look like much from the front but once you walk through the door its fine. I found both the lady and young gentleman on the front desk to be very friendly and pleasant. We were on the 3rd floor - no lift - and it is quite a lot of stairs to the 3rd floor but once in the room it had a very warm welcolming smell (air freshner but nice), the room had everything you would need, tv, window with view of london, shower etc. We were there for 2 nights and the towels were changed on the 2nd day which is unusual but nice. Breakfast was in the restaurant section and was the basic cereal, toast, juice but what more do you need for £60 a night i think this is a bargain! I would def stay here again.	
Mar 26 2008 	Awfull!!! Stay Away!!!	We booked our stay here on hostelworld.com . They charged us with booking fee and deposit. And guess what? YES, when we arrived at this magnificant hotel we had NO reservation, NO place to stay. So, another money, change of our departure dates from london with national express, etc. Very bad experience! I advise you to stay away from The New Dome hotel, as well as reservating online with hostelworld.com!!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Not the best place in the world?	Well were do I start...from the moment I walked in I knew it was wrong. Basically The New Dome is an indian restaurant with rooms, its well in need of a renovation and a clean. The lady on reception wasnt too welcoming and we were directed to our rooms by her pointing at a door way. The rooms were small and dirty. The walls were in dia need of a repaint, the toilet looked like a public one in the middle of a park and the carpets looked like they had so much wild life in them I could ring David Attenborough. The sheets looked like they may not have been changed and I didnt feel alone in bed. This being the rooms I didnt arrive for breakfast . Am sorry but am not in the habit of writing bad reviews, I would rather just not write one if am not pleased, but people need to be aware of The New Dome, if your really desperate then go for it, but If I wasnt with my daughter I would have slept rough. Overall I would never set foot in here again.	
Nov 13 2006	Discrace	Terrible Service, Wouldnt give breakfast at 9:45am and said it was on till 10:00am, Rat Catcher in room, Discrace for a £70 per night hotel as there are £30 hotels which are miles better when down there. STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE.	
May 27 2006 	Stay in your car instead	This hotel is best avoided. Everywhere has a worn out look and feel to it. My room had a double bed in it but was really only big enough to be a single. There was about 6 inches between the foot of the bed and a very poorly wardrobe that was ready to fall over. There was no evidence of a smoke/fire alarm system throughout the building that I could see.Some people seem to be in and out of this hotel very quickly and perhaps more than once a day.There is nowhere to park except in the streets nearby. These are free but you can end up a long way from the hotel. It's a gamble whether your car will still be intact when you return to it.	
Mar 16 2006 	Need new mattresses and bedding	Carpets, paintwork and fixtures all very worn and not too clean. My mattress consisted of a grid of one-inch diameter springs covered with what felt like a single sheet. Had to sleep on top of the duvet as the springs hurt too much - with only the bedspread for cover. The bedspread had SIX cigarette burns or possibly moth holes in it. Laundered and clean, but really 'not nice'.If it wasn't for the state of the mattress and bedspread it would be fine for the price, but it's just not.	
Dec 11 2005	Customer service??? Whats that?	Would not use this hotel for my dogs. Upon arriving they had no record of a booking made over 4 weeks in advance and claimed no payment had been made. Would only acknowledge they had received payment on day 3 of our stay after I had phoned the credit card company. Had to spend 2 nights on a bed with a metal spring poking through the mattress then arrived back on night 3 to find the room had been flooded from above no attempt had been made to protect our belongings and our towels had been laid on the bed and floor to help soak some of the water up. We were then left to move all our things to another room one floor down, received no apology and were only provided with the standard one towel per person. No reduction was made for the cost of our stay following the inconvenience. The rooms don’t smell to pleasant and bathrooms are not cleaned to much of a standard between guests, the carpets are extremely overdue replacement or at least a shampoo.	
Nov 19 2005	Hmm not so good	Stayed here for 5 days for a course in Kings College. Lights didnt work in room, so was moved the next day. Breakfast was not so good (cornflake dust from bottom of box, very grumpy woman who provided coffee on 3/5 days).Room and bathroom just about clean. Position good for the college, but that was about it.Note no tube stations nearby. I kept out of the hotel apart from sleeping! It would do for a functional stay, as price OK, but i would not come here for pleasure-I were visting London I would stay elsewhere.	
Oct 14 2008 	Me parecio básico pero tenia de todo (buena calidad-precio)		
