Nov 14 2009 	Cheap Accommodation close to Kings Cross	I selected this because it is walking distance from Kings Cross Railway and Tube Station. At night time you can hop onto the tube and Leicester Square is only 4 stops away.Hotel is budget accommodation with small rooms, but i did find it clean. I paid 50£ for a twin room with breakfast. Good value.Breakfast is basic continental, but fills a hole.I think if i was coming again i would look elsewhere, but would not be too disappointed if i ended up back here.	
Nov 11 2009 	Close to Chunnell train	A 2 star hotel which had a tiny room walking distance to KIngs Cross and St. Pancreus Station. The Bathroom was fairly new. and clean. No telephone. Breakfast was fine. Bed covers a little worn. Not enough light.. A internet rate that was very resonable for London. The tube is at KIngs Cross. The man at desk at night was quite helpful.	
Oct 26 2009 	Don't stay here unless desperate or broke	It's a filthy hotel. The staff have no attitude for hospitality and appear to have no idea about London, which was a real problem for us. As a result of the Arriva Hotel's incompetence, we had a transfer booked to 'Stansted' Airport, instead of Heathrow Airport. This resulted in us missing our flight and having to pay a lot of money for new tickets and overnight accommodation to fly out the following day. The guy on reception didn't know how to book this transfer. The rooms aren't clean and the beds aren't comfortable. But if you're on a budget, or desperate, then stay here at your own risk. Just don't trust the staff to do anything for you or give you the right directions, or disinfect the toilet etc etc. You will need to do all of that yourself. And, I wouldn't eat the breakfast either as I'm sure they leave it out overnight without covering it!	
Oct 23 2009	An excellent hotel for your stay	The hotel is located at a 5 to 10 min walk from Euston and King's Cross Tube stations. The Hotel is Pretty good and the front desk people arr soo good in solving all of my problems what i had in my stay of 7 days. I had been from India to this hotel and found very worthy for my money. The hotel got many attractions around as it is located in central London. All the areas like Oxford circus, piccalilly circus, soho, camedon town and lots London attractions are very near.  The hotel has 24 hrs front desk where a man is continuously seated for the safety of guests. The main advantage of this hotel is it got many pubs and bars near it and more over food restaurants and grocery shops around it.	
Oct 17 2009 	Run AWAAAAAAAAY! Really. It is THAT BAD.	If you simply cannot find another place to stay... then, change your travel dates until somewhere else is available!Honestly. We stayed here four years ago for our wedding anniversary, and the experience was so bad that we feel the need to write a review so others do not make the same mistake we did. We wanted somewhere near Kings Cross (this &quot;hotel's&quot; only positive feature); though the hotel is fairly inexpensive, it is still a waste of money! The breakfast was basic. The service was almost non-existent. The room was dirtier than any we have seen. Take our advice, and the advice of hundreds of others... pay a bit extra to stay in a hotel that is not damp, dingy, and dirty (we had to request -- ie. demand -- &quot;new&quot; bedding upon arrival.... you don't want to know the filth we found). Happy travels. (And by the way, happy travels do NOT involve the ARRIVA).	
Oct 9 2009 	DON'T EVER HERE STAY	Following a late event, I booked a room at Arriva Hotel which was already supposed to be paid for by the company credit card before my stay. My collague had emailed confirmation of payment before hand to ensure this was taken care of so I didn't have to worry. I turned up at the hotel to be greeted (or not) by a very angry and quite aggresive male receptionist who demanded my payment there and then to stay the night. Even after I explained the details and showed him confirmation, he still wanted payment and made me feeling really uncomfortable and I bit scared to be honest. I therefore paid the money but I really didn''t want to stay here that night but because it was late, I thought I would just try to sleep and leave as early as possible. I phoned the hotel in the morning to tell the other receptionist about my experience and although she was apologetic, it didn't make much of a differece. I just wanted to warn people before they book a room here, not to! Never ever had such bad customer service in my life!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Good stay in a good location	We stayed here for 3 nights; the hotel is located in a good location just 3 minutes walk from King's Cross- sant Pancras tube station and this allows the hotel to recover point.Breakfast was continental, but in good quantity. Probable the cantine is a bit small for the hotel but we always found a table to seat.Check in desk was fine but the guys did't give us so many information.I love London and I think this is a good place to stay.	
Sep 11 2009 	the worst 'hotel' I have ever had the misfortune to stay in	To start with the (only) positives: the Arriva was somewhere handy (for King's Cross / Euston) to lay our heads overnight, was reasonably clean, and was unfazed by our late arrival (after midnight). That said, it was a Fawlty-Towers-type experience (without the humour) which I do not wish to repeat. I had emphasised in the booking that it was conditional on there being a functioning lift as stairs would be a problem to us, and asked that if there was no functioning lift the management contact us. No contact received other than a confirmation of the booking - and when we arrived we found we were in a basement room (down stairs). On enquiring about the lift we were told, offhandedly, that it was 'out of order'. No apology. When I said that this posed a problem I was told 'Oh, it's only one or two stairs - maybe three'. Actually, it was more than 20! The (male) receptionist did not offer to carry our heavy luggage down said stairs and initially stared at me when I requested help with it. Fortunately I can be assertive when required and eventually he did help. On arrival in our room we found that the advertised tea-making facilities consisted of cups and saucers but no kettle! The man on reception was unapologetic about this omission but agreed to 'see whether he could find us one', and brought it to our room half an hour later. By that time we had discovered the unbelievably uncomfortable mattresses, which appeared to have no padding between the springs and the fabric cover. Fortunately it was a hot night so we could lie on top of the duvets, which insulated us slightly from the springs. On trying to turn the light off we discovered the next problem, which was that it continued to flash on and off for the next half hour - but by this time we had realised that if we asked for anything to be done about it we would be likely to be up for a lot longer, waiting for something to be done, so we closed our eyes and tried to ignore it.In the morning, after an extremely uncomfortable night, we were foolish enough to go to breakfast: cornflakes, milk, white toast (they said they didn't have any brown, despite my having asked for that on the booking too), jam, and tea or coffee, served in a dingy, windowless basement room. When the 'waitress' said they had no brown bread to toast I asked whether anyone had read my booking request, and she unapologetically said 'no'. To be fair, the reception man did (on being asked) help us back up the stairs with our luggage.None of the staff seemed to have the slightest notion of customer care, hospitality, looking after people or even basic courtesy, and I was truly embarrassed that the many overseas visitors there would have this as part of their experience of Britain. If you had a category for 'attitude' I would rate that as 'terrible' too.Thare must be better places than this for the money!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Mice!	The location is great only a few minutes walk from Kings Cross tube and train stations, and the front desk guy was very helpful and efficient. I checked in to a room on the street which was noisy, but it was O.K overall with a TV and a fridge. But that night I saw a mouse that did not look too scared of me as it eyed me for a few secinds then walked casually and disappeared into the bathroom! I complained and got moved to another room looking at the back, which was quieter, but I saw another mouse which was even bigger than the first. I forced myself to ignore it and slept, then checked out the next morning cancelling three more days I originally intended to stay.	
Jul 25 2009 	Never Stay Here	First ov all we arrived at the hotel from outside and the reception was ok but that was the only thing what was. the guy on recepion looked like he didnt have a clue what he was on about he wanted cash up front and tried to over charge us until we pulled him up that he hadnt give us our change. He said the lift was out of order for that night which was a lie as we read reviews before we went there an someone said back then the lift was out of order and that was in feb 2009 so it wasnt just for a night. we was on the top floor and had to carry several luggage up there a pram and an old woman who can hardly walk. when we was there a woman came down to ask for an extra pillow and he said no not tonight he had no intentions to provide her with one at all. When we finally got up to the rooms they were not small but miniture and disgustingly dirty the curtains had brown damp and mould stains all over it and the wooden window banged all night with the wind as it was broken we had a back alley view of the ruffest flats in london and all drunks outside shouting, we also had to pass them to get to the hotel which was scary as it was like 10.30pm at night in the dark, also round the corner was oubs and nightlife which you can also hear threw the night. The bed for a double was tiny we only just fitted our luggage in the room it was that small. My parents room had all damp brown stains running down the wall right above their bed. The beds themselves were dirty and old. Only thing i can say positve about this hotel was they had a shower and toilet in your tiny room but they only could fit one in at a time its that small. The carpets in the room and hall way were sticky and your feet stuck to the floor it was absolutly vile. Then at breakfast they had one tiny basement room with about 6 tables and you had to queue up for a table u got some toast and that was it i heard a man ask for more ham what had gone and the waiting staff woman said no not today. The whole service was disgusting and rude you pay £95.00 for a mancy dirty damp room and a rack off toast. They made you sit with anyone in the room with strangers and not together with your family. When we left the next morning we asked the reception guy could they get us a taxi for 7 he ordered a mini cab for only four to get in, so my dad and fiance had to walk to the station with heavy luggage and my mum,nan,brother,myself and daughter had to leave them to walk threw hes stupidity as we all cudnt fit in and my nan cud hardly walk. The best thing about that hotel and experience was handing them keys back when we were leaving and getting out off that horrible smelly hotel. Overall rating is extremly poor take my advice dont go.	
Jul 24 2009 	There are better	Tiny room, not the cleanest. Very low pressure in the shower. Had to queue up for the breakfast (the dining room was too small to fit all guests), poor breakfast anyway. We had to call the police one night due to violent action in a nearby room.	
Jun 29 2009 	Arriva Hotel for location and value.	Positives:Great location - 5 minutes from Kings Cross St Pancras tube and railway stations. Newly installed security cameras. Overall, I found the staff responsive to my needs. The room was medium/small in size, but heaps bigger then some of the places I looked at. The was a remote controlled television, fridge, phone, hairdryer and tea/coffee facilities in the room. The bathroom looked like it had been newly renovated. Soap and shampoo provided. The room was cleaned each day with fresh towels provided. Breakfast was included in the price. This consisted of cereal, toast with jams/cold meat/cheese, juice, and tea/coffee. The breakfast room gets quite busy towards the end of service, so I suggest get down there earlier. I did not see any mice.Negatives:Although the sheets were clean, the hotel doesn´t use mattress or pillow protectors. Although convenient, the bar fridge makes an intermittent droning noise that wakes you up in the middle of the night. The walls are paper-thin. Could hear doors creaking, which could use some WD40. Occasionally a kind of sewerage smell came out of the vent in the bathroom. The lock on the window appeared to have been broken previously, but still worked. Having to hand my room key in every time I went out.	
Jun 17 2009 	Horrible: don't stay here	I didn't book this hotel, but had I read the reviews on this site first, I wouldn't have. A friend of mine gave me the bad news after I had said where I was saying, and in most cases, the reality was equal or slightly worse than the reviews. I didn't experience rodents in the room as other users seem to have, but the room was just horrible, small, poorly decorated, uncomfortable bed, an array of bizarre wall mounted phone equipment hooked together with trunking runnning up and down the walls. There was a &quot;modern&quot; wardrobe there, but it was a token gesture, given the rest of the room. The miniscule shower room was tiled (didn't take many floor tiles to achieve this, obviously). The shower itself was OK, but underpowered. So underwelmed, didn't try breakfast.	
Mar 18 2009	Dreadful place please think very hard before you book!	Badly needs overhauling and renovating, reception not very helpful. Definately do not take children with you.	
Feb 26 2009 	Wont go back	Four of us arrived after short walk from Kings cross station. Hotel looked nice from outside . Receptionist was not very friendly and did not seem to care . All rooms were pretty cramped although they did have a fridge in them. In one room friend got woken up every so often with fridge vibrating against the bed. Two of the rooms were front facing \9 onto the street and could be noisy with traffic. The two rear facing rooms were a delight !! If you like to watch drunks fighting and throwing their empty cans about. Two rooms were damp with water running down the walls. Two of the phones in the rooms didnt work as the wires were cut through ? I had an unwelcome visitor in the room in the form of a small brown furry friend yes it was a mouse. It would appear that this is common as when I spoke to reception they shrugged and said things are in place to catch them. One of my friends had two of the same type visitors in his room. The fire alarm in one of the rooms had been disconnected which did not fill me with confidence and some of the lights did not work. We complained but as there were no more rooms available we made do for one night. Breakfast was cereal and toast, the toast was freshly made but the cereal was soft and tasted as if it was out of date. On a plus the bathrooms were nice, I think they were newly installed although the showers were a little cramped. Short walk from Kings cross which was okay. However I would have walked further had I known what to expect .	
Feb 26 2009 	The worsed hotel experience i ever had in my life	My first morning i woke up here a mouse ran across the floor in front of me.I've been to London before but if this was my first visit I would never go back.This hotel should not be open,I told the receptionist and he acted like it happens often, never said sorry just gave us another room across from the same one. When we walked into the first room the first thing i saw was dust on everything,it was filthy, the walls were filthy. one was no better than the other. I had to check out the breakfast much to my husbands dissapproval. What can I say. Before you stay here read the other reviews you're better off paying a little extra and having a nice hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	hot water please...and a lick of paint	the hotel is located near to kings cross station, a good ten minute walk. The hotel is small and on a back street. Our room was available before the advised time so we checked in. The bathroom was nice except their was no hot water most of the time! Two sachets of body gel/shamppo were available. We had clean hand towels every day. There was a remote controlled tv. There were tea makiing facillities but the kettle lead wouldn't reach the socket so the kettle had to stay on the floor. We couldn't fill the kettle very well as the sink was shallow. The bedroom itself was VERY basic. The bedding was clean but marked. The furniture was old fashioned. We had 3 pillows between us. I asked for another pillow on the phone. He sounded unsure. I was given two old thin pillows in the same case? Breakfast facilities are cramped. We had to share a table. Breakfast was toast, hot drink, juice, cereal. Doors banged constantly. Bulb shoved into reading lamp above the bed head. No shade.	
Jan 30 2009 	Unwelcoming front office guy	I did not arrive at Arriva with great expectations but going by the website, did expect it to be a decent stay. To begin with, the front office person was extremely inhospitable (read rude). I booked a double bedroom and was taken by surprise with the size of the room. There was hardly any space left (to move around) if I put 2 suitcases flat. It really looked like a single room turned into a double one. The breakfast was bad and the TV in the room never worked.The good things about the hotel was its proximity to Kings Cross tube and to St Pancreas station and yeah, the hotel was clean.	
Nov 10 2008 	Cramped and lacking	After reading agreeable reviews about the Arriva Hotel on Tripadvisor I was looking forward to a pleasant nights stay. However, I was soon to be disappointed when I arrived and was told that my room was on the third floor and that the lift was broken. It then got worse when we went into the room and found it to be cramped due to a double bed and single bed into a room that should only have had two singles and was only set up for two people (2 cups, 1 small wardrobe, 1 chair, 2 towels etc). Due to their attempt to cram an extra bed you could not get to the small wardrobe to hang anything up, forget trying to get the chair out to use and you were literally falling over yourselves to get anywhere in the room, including the window, which did not open so no air. The bathroom was clean and serviceable but there was a lack of decent towels. The hotel also offers a TV, it is such a pity that it did not work properly (although we were not there to watch telly, it is nice to have on as you are getting ready to go out/bed/breakfast) and when reported the problem was told that nothing would be done until we left. They also offer a refrigerator in the room, but only one plug so it was a choice of a fridge which would have taken at least our day’s stay to start up or a telly that did not work! The breakfast was ok, cereal and toast was fine however the room was so small that if you got a table (not enough of them compared to guests) you could not get out and you were encouraged to leave ASAP.Overall, the hotel was clean, but very small and did not provide the services that they offer. Would I stay there again or recommend it to anyone else – no.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good quality budget hotel	I booked into this hotel for 3 nights. It was the first time I'd stayed in the King's Cross area and I arrived with a little trepidation.My fears were unfounded though, I was given a quite spacious (for London) clean room at the front, with a nice, clean modern bathroom and shower.The double bed was firm and comfortable (how I like 'em!) and my stay was fine.Though continental breakfast was included in the rate, I only dined once, and it was ok.My only negative is that the walls are quite thin and it seemed I was put next to someone who was hard of hearing because I could hear their tv above my own!	
Oct 27 2008 	Excellent Location	An unpretentious, but geat value (for London) hotel, located very conveniently close to the St Pancreas international terminal and Kings Cross Metro station.Tea and coffee masking facilities in the room a real bonus.Only negative was the ever bored looking front desk person and the very stale croissants served up each morning.	
Oct 2 2008 	Good value	The location is convenient, the room was small but clean and the refridgerator was an added bonus. Breakfast was not fabulous, but had all the basics including cereal, toast, juice, coffee, canned fruit, cold cuts and cheese. We were in the back, so noise was not an issue but, being on the groundfloor, we noticed that the window is accessible from the ground and was not locked until we noticed it late in our first day. Had it been warm out, it would have been foolhardy to leave the window open at night, but closing it wasn't a problem during our autumn stay. The only other concern was that, like most European hotels, keys are left at the front desk when you leave for the day. When you return, you simply give them your room number and they hand over your keys without checking in any way that it is actually your room. The keys are clearly visible and a thief could easily spot what room keys are available and claim to be in that room.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very basic but handy location	This is the very definition of budget accommodation.It's rated two star because it's cheap and basic. The place was clean and quiet for central London but does have very small rooms that seem s little run down. It is, however, VERY close to Kings Cross/St Pancras and not a million miles from Euston for that matter.If you're looking for somewhere to crash before an early Eurostar, or a very simple base you intend to spend little time in apart from sleeping and showering, this is well worth a shot. The price difference between this and a chain hotel per night is well worth considering if you're on a budget.Didn't try breakfast, as we left at the crack of dawn to try to check in for Eurostar the day after the tunnel fire. Wifi was very slow, but only a fiver.Could do worse, but don't expect a palace.	
Sep 18 2008 	dont be fulled by the cancelation policy	i am warning others not to book this hotel, i have been charged for a room that i did not stop in and the managment are refusing to give me a refund, they are unhelpfull and agressive. I was stuck in france as the chanel tunnel had a fire and could not stop in the hotel booked, i rang the hotel the minuite i found out, two days later after checing my account i noticed they had charged me. I phoned the manager and they said they would not help me and are not interested.	
Sep 12 2008 	It sucks!	My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Arriva just for the weekend and found it incredibly disheartening. The men at the front desk (and it was always men) were unhelpful, angry, and had an air of resentment that they should have to help any of their guests. They certainly seemed like they did not like their jobs. Our room was no more than a box, which was to be expected for such a price in London, but the room itself was simply trashy. It looked like a boy's dorm room from a US university. The furniture was cheap, worn, broken, you name it, light fixtures and other decorations were put up by amateur's, and overall, we had a sense of it being dirty. -- The bathroom was the only clean area in the whole room, although it was so small it was no real escape from the room.The breakfast was ridiculous. They have too small a room for all their guests, so if you come while everyone else is there, you have to wait in the hall. And NO ONE in the hotel is kind or helpful. Even the women helping with breakfast were angry and resentful to help.Finally, although the road where Hotel Arriva sits looks like a quaint small road, it is a major thoroughfare, and if you have the unlucky experience of having a room on the street, you'll hear traffic all day... and all night. The walls and windows allow the noise in as if you were sitting right on the pavement below.Overall, this was a very uncomfortable and unhappy choice for us, but we'll never make the mistake again. We will not return to Hotel Arriva, under any circumstances.	
Aug 28 2008	About as good as you'll get for a budget hotel in London	The best thing about this hotel is that it's about a 5 minute walk from King's Cross and St. Pancras Station - crucial if you're taking the subway/tube around London or the train to/from London. The rooms are pretty small, but decent and pretty clean. The only real beef my mother and I had with this hotel was the plumbing - the toilet did not flush very well and no matter how many times we asked someone to fix it, it never got fixed properly. The breakfast here was decent, considering it was included. Overall the place was nice for the price when compared to other hotels that were MUCH more expensive. I do not think I would go back, but it was a good hotel for tourists and not bad if all you really intend on doing is sleeping here.	
Aug 15 2008 	great location	We were 4 adults and one child staying at the hotel for 2 nights. We arrived at 11am, check-in time is at 2pm but they have a luggageroom. However, our room was ready so we could actually check-in 3 hours early, no extra charge! The rooms are quite small, all different, there is a lift, important if you have heavy suitcases. We found one of the rooms we got too small, but asked in the reception if we could change it for a bigger and it was no problem at all. The bathrooms had showers, small but clean and quite new, the rooms basic but clean, and with fridge, coffee/tea and hairdryer, all I need. There was a small tv as well, but only with a few channels, anyway we didn´t go to London to watch tv. Best of all, the location! A quiet street in the citycentre. A short walkingdistance to King´s Cross. The breakfastroom is very small, you might have to wait for a table and you might have to share the table. Don´t expect full English breakfast, you get coffee, tea, juice, cereals, milk, plenty of toast, jam, butter, cheese, ham, that´s it. Friendly staff with lot of work, even though in some reviews there were complaints, but we were really treated well by the staff. The only complaint we have is when we were leaving and asked the receptionist to call a taxi and to ask how much the price would for a big cab(5 persons+suitcases). He told us a price and we agreed. When the car came it wasn´t a taxi but a carhire. We were a bit surprised but we found the price reasonable, however when we got to the station he wanted to charge us extra because we were 5 and he said the price that was agreed was for 4 even though we had ordered a big taxi. Of course we didn´t pay more than the price that was agreed from the beginning, then he should have told us when we got in. We think the driver was a friend of the receptionist and were quite annoyed even though it really doesn´t have anything to do with the hotel itself.	
May 30 2008 	Small Rooms Well located	The Arriva Hotel is well located, in the Kings Cross area, 5 min walk from the Station, with metro, bus and train. The building is tipically in English vitorian style. Rooms seemed modernly refurbished, small thou', even smaller than expected (only 1 person fits between the bed and the wall; bathroom doesn't allow much movements with tiny washbasin). However, they were clean and unfortunately the regular for London's extremely high prices.My room had window to the back, so it was quiet. Don't expect to much from the breakfast and room.	
Apr 17 2008 	cheap 	I knew this hotel is only a 2* and i was only staying there for 1 night. the outside looked alright but when you get into the rooms you think twice, should i be staying here!!!!the fridge made sooo much noise, the tv had really bad signal and might as well been in the roof! the bathroom was clean but the shower was rubbish. threre was sticky marks on the sides in the room. over all not that clean. the man on the front desk was helpfull, it is somewhere cheap and close to kings cross station that is the only good thing i can say about this hotel	
Feb 15 2008	Cheap but not cheerful..	The hotel on the outside doesnt look too bad, quite nice really, but the room we stayed in was rather unpleasent. I expected it to be small, but there wasnt even a bedside table and the tv was nearly on the ceiling. There was one very flat pillow and a nasty looking stain on the bed..The bathroom was clean at least, but the noise of the traffic outside and two different men snoring kept me awake for most of the night. I wont be going back there.	
Feb 10 2008 	Good budget accommodation	Me and my husband decided to stay at this hotel due to the budget price it offered. I had read reviews beforehand therefore knew roughly what to expect. We were offered a front or back room and chose the latter, thinking that is may be quieter after reading some of the reviews, regarding traffic noise. It was quiet, although the window rattled with the wind, and I had to wedge a (many times!) folded peice of paper into the gap to stop this from happening, which did the trick. The double room was adequate, the bed was comfy enough. The bathroom was clean, and the towels were changed both days. The small fridge made a loud whirring noise, annoying when your trying to sleep, so we unplugged it. Breakfast is included in the price but beware german gestapo is in charge of the breakfast room!! The first morning we were heading to a table that was free, and was politely!! ordered to sit on a table that someone else was occupying. This was obviously to save the gestapo staff the trouble of tidying the other one up. The second morning the minute the clock struck 9.30am, the breakfast room door was locked! What you see is what you get here. Would return due to budget price and locality.	
Nov 29 2007 	Careless treatment of reservation problems	The hotel has no frills. Rooms was mostly clean (although I saw a shoe stain on the wall) and the bed comfortable. My no 1 problem with the hotel is that when I arrived, I was told that I have no reservation because my credit card was declined. However, nobody notified me about it! When I told the hotel staff that I should have been notified about it, they told me that they are &quot;too busy to notify everyone&quot;. They didn't look *that* busy. Luckily, they had a room for me. The breakfast was OK.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good budget hotel	Small, cosy, clean hotel. For approx £50/night in central london it was worth it. Good location, down from kings cross. Room really hot, so wouldnt too too good when weather is warm. Breakfast was a cheap continental (no brown bread). I read the reviews about it and it was quite true. Dont expect the best, just somewhere cheap, clean and good location.	
Sep 8 2007 	A Great value for money!	A small and cosy hotel in a very good location few minutes walk from King's Cross station. There is a couple of nice pubs around the corner and plenty of shops to buy food and drinks. Room size is quite good, and the in-room amenities include tea &amp; coffee maker and a fridge. I was also surprised to learn that such a small hotel has a wireless Wi-Fi!!! But unfortunately it does not cover the rear part of the hotel, so make sure you check with them before you bring your laptop.The receptionists were very friendly and helpful, especially John who would go out of his way to make sure you are enjoying your stay; upon my arrival, the window in my room would not open, I called the reception and in a few minutes he was there trying to open it for me, and when he couldn't, he changed my room promptly without me needing to ask!The drawbacks were the non stopping loud bangs from doors slamming shut, and the relatively small breakfast room. Otherwise it certainly is a nice, clean place and a good value for $$.	
Jul 18 2007 	Exactly was it says on the tin	My wife and I stayed at the Arriva for 5 nights in July.We were looking for a budget hotel, and thats exactly what we got.Thats not to say there was any thing wrong with the hotel.The room was small but comfy. The on suite toilet and shower room was imaculate, it actually looked brand new. The rooms were made every day and fresh towels were always left.There is a fridge in the room which was a little bit big but a good idea.The reception staff were very friendly and the the reception is maned 24 hours , good for a late return from a night on the town.The only disapointing thing was the breakfast, advertised as Continental Breakfast, but was really only Toast and tea/coffee.Also the noise from the traffic at night and early morning is quite loud if you are a light sleeper.The location is good, a few mins walk to Kings Cross and if your feeling energetic the walk to covent garden is about 20 mins.So if you are looking for a cheap &quot;base, ie place just to sleep&quot; for a few nights in London the Arriva is Ideal. if you're the type of person who spends a lot of time in your hotel room I would think again. There is no Bar in the hotel, But Swintons next door is a great place, friendly staff and great food.	
Jul 14 2007 	Budget accommodation	2 nights in central London does not come cheap but a room at Arriva fits the budget traveller. Very good showers, clean beds, compact rooms - but then one is not going to London to be in a bedroom for long. Handy fridge. Breakfast is worth missing as the room is too small, the tables tight and the food is useful only as fuel for the action packed day ahead. Ideal location and the traffic is an issue but then - it's a city centre. Excellent having 24 hour manned reception. Would I stay again? Yes.	
Jan 14 2007 	Great for budget!	Myself and my partner were visting london for the first tme on our own, we were going to see a theatre show, the hotel was great the location was easily found from kings cross station. The room itself was satisfactory however it was clean and tidy. our room faced onto the main road and we expected loud noises from trafic but there wasnt we had a peceful stay. The staff at the hotel were genrly helpful however a bit misrable. We are returing to london again in feburary and are planing to stay at the arriva hotel again. i would advise young people i.e. students or families looking for a cheap break in central london.	
Dec 27 2006 	Very Poor	I paid over £50 for a single room. The room overlooked a main road and the noise from the all night traffic was awful.The bed was jammed into the corner between the window and a fridge/kitchen sink!!! The fridge proceeded to hum and whir at various intervals during the night. The floor on the window side of the bed appeared not to have been swept since Margaret Thatcher was in power and the metal bed end clanged against the wall every time I moved on the bed. At least the provided Bible did the job as a temporary wedge to keep it off the wall.And also, unfortunately, as well as the traffic noise to contend with, the walls are so thin that every door bang in the hotel is heard, and if someone breaks wind five rooms down, you're going to hear it and probably smell it as well.Finally the 'luggage room' was a box room with no security/lock or anything to stop some other guest helping themself to your belongings.Avoid like the plague!	
Dec 14 2006 	decent value for short stay	I needed a cheap place to stay 3 nights while attending a weekend of concerts (the hotel was listed on the website of one of the venues). My single room was quite small, but I didnt plan to spend much time there anyway. The room was clean and decently maintained. The pillow was pretty lumpy, but I've had that at much more expensive places too. The room had a working fridge, sink, &amp; water boiler, and there was a fresh supply of instant coffee &amp; tea delivered every day. I missed the breakfast, as it was only served until 9am. I stocked the fridge instead with pastries &amp; fruit from a nearby grocery store. The TV was small, but worked (no cable).I had no problem with running hot water, and the desk clerk even got me into my room an hour early, due to my plane arriving ahead of schedule.The location is very convenient, being that all the tube lines pass into King's Cross station. I would stay here again, under similar circumstance. I wouldnt use a room this small for a long stay - but that goes for all hotels, not just this one.	
Oct 28 2006	They Know Nothing	I've stayed in worse places and the location was excellent -- convenient to City Centre and to Heathrow (via Pickadilly Underground). The housecleaning staff work hard and my room was cleaned daily. The breakfast was okay but basically toast and coffee or tea. The negatives: a lumpy, uncomfortable bed and even lumpier pillow, and a room that was only a bed and small table, with a tiny TV located remotely in the upper corner. The walls were paper thin and the finish was poor; the renovations were performed by people without any training or skill. Anybody could have done a better job.Fair enough, it is a budget hotel. What is UNFORGIVEABLE is the ignorance of the desk staff. They receive business due to their location and it is therefore inexcusable that they know next to nothing about the operation of the trains going to Heathrow. The clerk was also blissfully unaware that the neighbourhood laundramat had closed apparently several weeks before my stay. I wasted time finding this out on my own, but fortunately I didn't trust them with travel information.Similarly there is no excuse for not knowing how to operate their own telephone system: don't expect a wake-up call from this place, although my next door neighbours were probably thrilled when the call meant for me woke THEM up at 5:00 a.m. Well, for once the paper-thin walls worked to my advantage...When I pointed the error out to the clerk, he said it was &quot;bizarre&quot; but I replied that it was really the result of his mistake. Such an attitude but it is London after all. People who avoid taking responsibility: it must be the mission statement of the Arriva Hotel.	
Sep 7 2006 	Creepy feeling in the basement!!	I stayed here whilst in London for one night as a lone female traveller. It was cheap but certainly not cheerful! On arrival at 10.30pm (after being told by the taxi driver what a dodgy area it was!) and was greeted, or shall I say ignored, by a man who could win the Rudest Man in London award. I was stood at the desk and he was watching TV and I had to get his attention. We then had a short kerfuffle about payment but it turned out this was because I hadn't understood his English. My room was in the basement and had dirt on the walls. There was a TV but no hair-dryer as I was told previously. Bathroom was tiny but clean. No hot water though which was infuriating.There was only a small lock on the door and to be frankI didn't feel very safe. Being in basement felt dodgy and I didn't sleep very well, partly because of the traffic noise too as I was at the front.Room had fridge, sink and wardobe but was VERY basic and felt more like a hostel. I didn't go to breakfast as it was only between 7.30 and 8.30am and I wanted a lie-in.Check-out was at 11am and the man at desk was friendly and was very helpful in ordering me a taxi to the station. I am sure some rooms are nice as I am not exactly used to staying at the likes of the Ritz! But if you're going, ask for a room above basement level!!	
Sep 5 2006 	Twice but no more	Even though this hotel is not in the best area, we choose to book it for a second time as it was ok value the first time. However, this time it was very different than the first one. The standard is obviously very different from room to room as the room we got this time was terrible. Both dirty and almost falling apart. We tried to switch room but that was not possible.Also, comming home in the middle of the night the night-receptionist become irritated because we called the bell several times to get in, as he was asleep.Only thing positive it that it is cheap but I would rather sleep in the park next time	
Jul 27 2006	Avoid this place !!!	The booking was made by the office staff online using the M.Ds credit card. I then discovered that payment was NOT taken from the card it was simply used to hold the room. The M.D had to go to the office on Saturday and fax a letter with his signature etc and the details of the credit card. The hotel then decided that this wasn't good enough and the M.D should call the hotel. The Hotel had a problem processing the card as the address on the credit card did not have a house number!!! The Manager of the hotel insisted that I pay for the room myself, I explained that my company was the client and that I did not have the facilities to pay for the hotel, I was told that if I did not hand over cash I would not be allowed back into my room nor would I have access to my belongings. At this point my boss went back to the office, called the credit card company and confirmed that there was obviously something wrong with the new credit card system in the hotel. The Credit Card Company and merchant verification centre offered to deal with the Hotel directly but the manager of the hotel refused to take the call.In the end my boss had to use his girlfriends’ credit card. Strangely enough neither her address details, nor expiry date were required???I can safely say that this is the worst hotel service I and the company have ever experienced; I would advice potential guests to avoid this particular hotel.	
Jul 23 2006 	Location location location. And very clean.	This is a fine hotel! Especially when you are on business with a low budget then this is perfect. Clean, easy to reach, not expensive.I stayed for two nights, paid 40 pounds per night. I got a sparkling new bathroom and a clean room facing the back / South. As a result it was quiet. A big plus is the location, it is very close to Kings Cross station (not even worth taking a cab) but in a quiet street.Another plus is the room window, it can open up in full. Exceptional given that many hotels constrain the windows to prevent suicides. Arriva is confident that its guests doin't get derpessed too quickly ;-)Breakfast was okay, sufficient to get you going and sufficiently obesity-aware.Staff is friendly.There is no AC, however AC in London is not the norm, most of the time it is rather cool. Open the window and a breeze will cool you down.One thing though, please replace the flat iron. I tried to iron shirts, but a previous user dirtied the iron, so I could not really use it.	
Jul 20 2006 	Barely a step up from a hostel	I was just not impressed at all. The rooms were very small, cheap, hardly maintained. We had a room on the ground floor next to the street - This is very noisy, and doesn't help that the window needed to stay cracked since there is no AC. You best take your shower early in the morning or at night else there will be no hot water by 7:30 AM. The drains were so slow you had to shower at 1/2 throttle to avoid flooding the bathroom. The clerk at the front desk wasn't exactly friendly, but not terribly rude either... Overall, my advice is stay here only if you can't afford somewhere better.	
Jul 17 2006	Not worth it	London is a very expensive city and it is known that you get no five star hotel for a deal, so I did not expect much of the Arriva for the price we paid. But it was even worse. We spent two nights at the hotel. We were four people and had two rooms booked. Only one room was ready and the (somewhat nice) clerk at the day shift promised us that the other room will be on the same floor. When we got back in the evening the (really not nice) clerk did just not care and gave us a room on another floor. The room on the ground level was horrible... run down and no space to move. The one on the first floor was better, clean bathroom but it took half an hour to take a shower because the water pressure was zero. The door that leads to the floor would slam shut and from early morning on every minute you heard a BANG! The breakfast is typically british... toast and jam. Some cereal. The only good thing about this place was the location. Close to Kings Cross. Very convinient. But overall I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 21 2006	good deal	A good comfortable small hotel....good price as well. Upon my arrival, I received an amicable welcome from the employees there and a suitable room. The breakfast is excellent and rooms are equally clean. Word of caution however: if you receive one of the rooms in the level below ground level, ask to change....the traffic will wake you rather early. Otherwise....good place and good price.	
May 24 2006	I guess you get what you pay for!	My wife and I stayed at the Arriva for five nights, and really didn´t know what to expect. The reception clerk (evening-shift) was certainly not friendly or helpful; he just couldn't be bothered with such an exorbitant request as for an extra pillow. I decided to stay out of his face for our entire stay! The room and bathroom were tiny for anyone over five feet tall, dishevelled and tattered, with only one ceiling light; so forget about reading in bed. I wouldn't want to stay at this hotel on warm days, since turning off the radiator came up short with burning hot uncovered and uninsulated pipes leading up to it! My wife had problems with crackling and dripping sounds from pipes and refrigerator and had to take light sleeping pills; I would've slept through the blitz, so I was not bothered. We requested to change rooms from our evening shift friend (??), but were told that every room was just the same; a blatant lie, since we sneaked a peak at one of the other rooms on our floor. Everything was mostly clean though, clean sheets and towels, changed daily. Breakfast was fine, with friendly smiling staff. The location of the hotel is fine, close to King's Cross tube station and many restaurants, cafes, pubs and shops around. But why on earth would the Swintons pub be closed on saturday and sunday??My recommendation to the hotel owners would be to hire friendlier reception staff (women maybe, like the breakfast room staff??)	
May 4 2006	Bella esperienza	My friends and I spent about two months at the Arriva in 2003 because of our research at the British Library. Our budget was not much, we knew we would spent most of our money in libraries and bookshops, so we chose the Arriva for 4 good reasons at least:1. very near the Library, that is saving of time and money;2. ensuit bathroom, for 3 (Italian) girls this was fundamental;3. cheap, breakfast included;4. fridge and sink in the room, so we got organized and saved much money, went to the supermarket and prepared soups, salads, sandwiches. We were not mistaken: the building and the room were not fantastic, but the staff was very kind, especially the young man on nightshift ;). The area is well served, by bus, tube or train you can go almost everywhere. In the surroundings you can find many stores, restaurants and fast food so you can buy and eat whatever you want. We missed Italian coffee very much, but if you have an electric moka or cooker you can stay wonderfully.Unfortunately, when we had to book for our next research the Arriva was fully booked, so we stayed in a different hotel, and it WAS different...	
Apr 24 2006	No Problems!	My fiancee and I just returned from London where we stayed 3 nights at the Arriva Hotel. I must say, after reading some of the reviews on here, I was a little nervous. But we had no problems with the hotel. We arrived early and even though check-in was not for another 2.5 hours, they went ahead and put us in a room. The people at reception were friendly enough. This is a very basic hotel. The room and bathroom were small, but both were very clean. They were doing some painting while we were there, so all the walls looked really nice. The Arriva has a good location, about 5 min walking from King's Cross Station. This is not the best area of London, but if you are smart about your traveling, you will have no problems. I believe every Tube line except the District Line stops at King's Cross, which makes travel from there very convenient. Also, being in a busy area of town, there are plenty of places to eat, many of which are open late. All in all, I would definately recommend this hotel to budget travelers. If you are looking for something nice, this is not your hotel. But if you just want a clean place to sleep, the Arriva should work for you!!	
Apr 17 2006 	Average King's Cross budget	This is about average for a budget hotel in London. Excellent location, just around the corner from King's Cross, although the small entrance is easy to miss.Reception guy was polite enough. Room was OK, a decent enough size, neither sparkling clean or absolutely filthy, bed was OK, only gripe was the rather dim lighting in the room which made it feel a bit grim. I stayed one night, arriving late and leaving early, so it was perfect for my needs. I wouldn't recommend it as a base for a longer stay, but for a cheap place to crash for the night it's ideal.The area around King's Cross is not the nicest, but there are plenty of people around and you'll be fine if you don't take unnecessary risks.	
Apr 1 2006 	A very satisfied customer	I was pleased with my choice when visiting London recently for a conference. I only wanted a clean, comfortable and safe place to stay, so I could spend my money on books instead of hotel bills, and that is what I got! Brilliant value, excellent location, very quiet for central London! The breakfast was more than adequate and the bed very comfortable. Only complaint - no curtain on window, but I improvised and used the towels!! Would stay there again without any hesitation!	
Feb 12 2006	Rubbish	Just returned from a night in this place - what a dump! Cheap but certainly not cheerful. As a group of 6 women, we booked 2 triple rooms only to be told these were not available on checking in. Bathrooms are tiny and have a lot to be desired. If you want a hot/warm shower, be sure to be up before 9am. Staff are not particularly friendly - I don't believe I saw a smile and certainly did not hear any pleasantries from them! Triple room had leak throughout the night, with water dripping down the wall. After a night out in Leicester Sq, only 1 of 16 taxis we flagged were willing to take us to Kings Cross. The area did not seem particularly safe either...my advice? Avoid this place, especially if its for more than 1 night...	
Dec 23 2005	You get what you pay for but clean warm and comfortable.	I stayed at this hotel and after reading the reviews think it was better than i expected. It was cheap so you don't get a lot but the the room was clean and comfortable and the staff was cooperative although a few smiles would have made it friendlier. Not a real nice area but convenient base to visit london. Breakfast was OK, just cereal and toast but again you get what you pay for. I would have no hesitation in staying here again although I think the front rooms may suffer from a bit of traffic noise	
Oct 25 2005	Excellent for the Budget Minded	Just spent 3 nights in London at the Arriva Hotel. Located in very convenient Kings Cross (tube and national rail) this hotel is not very expensive...so don't expect too much but a bed, your own shower/bathroom, a very basic light breakfast. Do make sure you ask for a room in the back (not on Swinton Street) as the street noise is a bit much. The manager, John Girglis is very professional and was a pleasure to meet after emailing over the past few weeks. The pub Swinton's is literally next door and the food is inexpensive and a very local flavor. This will be a very basic-tourist orientated hotel...don't expect bellmen and the such...you will get what you pay for. Why spend a bloody fortune in London on a place to stay where you are just going to lay your head down? Visiting London as a tourist is just that..seeing the sights..not the hotel! Enjoy!	
Apr 29 2005	Just what you need	My girlfriend and I took a chance with the Arriva and we are glad we did. Originally attracted to it's location close to Kings Cross (a major transportation hub) and it's private bathroom in every room, we were then pleased to find out that the rooms were very clean and a decent size. Friends of ours that stayed on the second floor actually had a room larger than my NYC apartment. They provided a free breakfast (cereal, toast, OJ), which was fine. Sometimes the dining room gets crowded, so if you are planning on packing the most into your day make sure you eat early. A quick note about the area, Kings Cross reminds me a lot of Penn Station in NYC. Most of the city's tube and bus lines have a stop at Kings Cross so you can get to any part of the city with relative ease (and within 15 minutes of catching a train or bus). This is a good thing, because Kings Cross has little to offer on it's own.	
Mar 23 2005 	Affordable budget hotel not the best not the worst.	I knew that this was not a 4 star hotel when I went there. If you are budget minded and adventurous, the Arriva is a great place. The rooms are comfortable and basic, close to the trains and subways and has fairly decent food and convenience stores within a block or two. Breakfast was basic but filling, plenty of giant English toast, butter, jam, milk, cereal, juice, coffee and tea. The King's Cross area is not a scary area, we walked around late at night with no problem. The night staff spoke fairly good English and the manager was always helpful. I would go back if I wanted to save money and enjoy other things in London rather than spending a fortune on a hotel.One word of caution, beware of making calls from the hotel, go to a pay phone or get a toll free long distance card. I learned a valuable lesson about British phone rates at check out.	
Dec 31 2004	Worst hotel in London	This place is terrible, I read the reviews before I went so was not expecting much, but it is the worst hotel I have stayed in ever. When we arrived they did not have the rooms we booked and would do nothing about it, rude people, dirty and sleazy. pay more and go to something that is actually a hotel.	
Dec 7 2004	Best deal in London	I don't know what all the griping is about this hotel. It is the least expensive hotel in London central. The rooms are clean, typically small by American standards, but on a par with most European hotels.The rooms all are ensuit, have sinks, tv, fridges and a TELEPHONE in each room, rare at even some of the better hotels in London. It is ideally located near King's Cross and St. Pancras Tube stations and the Thames Link, direct service to Gatwick.Forget the breakfast, however; cereal and toast is it. Go around the corner to McDonald's. Also there is an internet cafe within about 1/4 mile of the hotel and very cheap-85p per hour.I go to London often and was a little leery after reading the reviews. Sure glad I took a chance and stayed there. John the manager is very accommodating and efficient.I'll be back!	
Dec 1 2004	Hated the Arriva	The Arriva was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Only half the amenities offered on some web sites were actually offered and the staff, primarily the manager, had no apologies for their lack of necessities. A few of the things missing were the in room safe (unavailable), hair dryer (available only upon request), restaurant (in the basement there is a room where you are given tea and toast), meeting rooms (never had). When they say &quot;kitchenette&quot;, they should really say, closet type room with a rusty sink. Our bathroom was very dirty had little privacy with it's closet style sliding door, not to mention the broken overhead light which left us with minimal lighting. However, considering that there wasn't even an outlet in the bathroom, I guess adequate lighting wasn't really necessary. Also, their sites state “fully refurbished” which is blatantly false. Our furniture was very used and absolutely not new. Perhaps had the area around the Arriva been a little nicer, we would have just dealt with the issues at the hotel, but to walk through a scary part of King’s Cross to a less than satisfactory hotel just wasn’t worth it, no matter hot cheap.	
Nov 9 2004	Arriva decent place to stay	We booked this hotel for a week long vacation last year and found it to be rather pleasant. The hotel is located near both the tube and bus so it was very easy to get around the city. We had no problems walking around the neighborhood even late at night and the local pubs had really good food. Breakfast was simple but adequate and we didn't have to wait for a table. Our room was cleaner and larger than most hotels we've stayed at in Europe. Overall it was a good experience and we'd stay there again.	
Oct 25 2004	Arriva Hotel and Kings Cross	Just came back from a trip to London. (Oct21, ) and hadan enjoyable time. However, the basic costs were very high when compared to a major city in the states. We stayed at the Arriva Hotel at Kings Cross. I havestayed there before and the costs are very reasonablefor London. The hotel is very basic but is very clean.Ask for a first floor, backside room for a more quietexperience. There are fridges in each room as well asa sink. All rooms are ensuite. Kings Cross is a majortransportation terminal for the tube and trains. A great location. I would recommend the Arriva Hotel if you are interested in keeping costs down. Continental breakfastis offered. Many restraurants in the area. Easy links toall airports. Remember a dollar equals about 1/2 pound.	
Oct 19 2004	Beware...dodgy dealings	Arriva is a rip-off establishment. Be particularly wary if single. It charges a single supplement on a single room: note a supplement should only be applied if a single person occupies a double or twin room, not on a room meant for singles anyway!Had a rude welcome by the man at reception who eyed me up and down suspiciously, and then found I had a room that smelt rank. Note it says a lot when a hotel advertises opening-windows as a feature!!!The website advertises bathrooms in all rooms: not so. Also there is no satelite TV. They adverstise fridges in all rooms: except mine it seemed. It was so noisy, being on a main road, that I hardly slept even with ear plugs. The bed was wonky, leaning at an acute angle.Breakfast was a chore as there is a tiny basement room to cater for the entire hotel, and I had to return twice in an hour before I was eventually placed on someone else's table.Please avoid this place: there are lots of better hotels, just ask around	
Sep 27 2004	arriva hotel	we arrived at arriva hotel on sept 11th.we booked a Quad room(4.adults)when we arrived at the room we saw 1 double bed and 1 sofa bed(for children) so when asked the staff for an another bed or room.but if we wanted a different room we had to pay 16 pounds each night. the sofa bed was so small.just for 1 adult.on the internet page the room looks big with 4 beds and without a wall in the middle on the room!and each morning we had to wait at least 20 minutes before we could have breakfast cos the breakfast room is very small.we won't stay there again	
Sep 27 2004	BAD hotel don't go to this hotel people!	We order a quad room for 4 adults and we only got a sofabed and a double. The sofabed (a thin one) was broken and it wasn't for 2 adults for 1 person only! We couldn't get another double bed. We only could get another room but for 16 pounds p. night!!!! BAD SERVICE! there were enough do The breakfast was simple and 'we had to wait 2 min. for a table. AND THE TOWELS STINK, BLEEEH! No ventilation at the bathroom and the door of the bathroom wasn't a door, you couldn't lock it! very BAD! 1 curtain was broken and because of that there was alot of light in the room at nightBAD BAD HOTEL, people don't go to the ARRIVA HOTEL!!!! PLZ don't go!	
Sep 27 2004	never again	I don't want to stay here ever again. I don't know what it was, but the towels smelt awfull, thank god I always bring one from home. On the site they tell us they have satelite tv, I think we only had a few boring channels! We stayed there for 4 nights and only the first morning they made our beds! The hotel had like 5 different people working at the counter everyday, and they just give the key to anyone.... doesn't seem very safe to me! You can hear everything trough the walls, it's not very soundproof. They also had a sort of a kitchen, but we stayed out of that, it was so filthy, yuk. To be honest we didn't plan to make food there, but just to warn others who might want to! The sleeping couch, is terrible, it's too small too hard (even for kids) and they didn't want to give us an other bed or a matrass, they told us they didn't have one. On the last they, we put our suitcases in this place, cause we weren't leaving till much later.. guess what we saw there... 2 Matrasses... Gosh, why couldn't they have given us one....There is only one good thing about this hotel, and that's that there is a fridge! But if that's the only thing, then I rather stay somewhere else.. ARRIVA... NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!	
Sep 17 2004	they lie to us	We booked a quad room for 4 adulds when we arrive at our quad room there stood a double bed and a sofa bed.the sofabed was too small for 2 adulds when we ask about it the man at reception said the room we booked was a family room.I showed my revesation that we booked a quad room for 4 adulds. The hotel would'n give us a second room for free only if we pay 16 english pond each night.And the room we had has 1 curtain hanged for the window. And the breakfast room was too small we have to waid for 20 minutes every morning for a table.	
Aug 4 2004	s'alright	Close to King's Cross station. Very average hotel. Rooms were average. Breakfast was average. Staff was average. Price, however, was very good. No A/C made it a little warm, so windows had to be opened which made it kind of noisy. Tough to find decent cheap accomodation in London. This is probably as close as you get.	
Jul 26 2004	You get what you pay for.	INTRODUCTIONMy family and I had reserved two rooms for three nights commencing on July 6. 2004 because the &quot;discounted&quot; price was inexpensive, the location was convenient, and I anticipated being able to cook a pot of Kraft macaroni and cheese for my twelve year old son (who eats little else). My mother and two teenaged daughters shared a &quot;triple&quot; room. My son and I shared a twin room. Both were ensuite. THE GOOD:1. The location was moderately convenient to King's Cross train and underground. The facilities adjacent to the train station include restaurants, a pharmacy (chemist), two internet cafes, various fast food joints, and a self-serve laundramat. 2. The breakfast was palatable, albeit not varied or filling. 3. Having an elevator was convenient. 4. The size of the rooms and of the bathrooms was adequate. As for those persons who complain about the size of their rooms, bear in mind that you are paying very low rates at a hotel in a block of converted row houses in the most expensive city in the world. You get what you pay for. If you think inexpensive London hotel rooms are small, don't ever go on a cruise (where they can cram two twin beds, a bathroom/shower, closets a sitting area, a television set and life jackets into as little as 125 square feet). 5. The rooms were moderately clean (although the grout in the bathrooms could have used some mildew remover. 6. The staff were very courteous. 7. The National/Alamo car rental location is just a ten minute walk away. THE BAD:1. Parking in the area is almost non-existent and you are right next to the London Congestion Zone. Don't make any wrong turns. Personally, having visited in March and having spent a fortune on taxis crawling about the city, I think that it is foolish to rent a car in London. I had a car reserved for a week, but wound up canceling the first three days and picking it up only on the morning when we were actually leaving London. 2. Argyle Street is fairly noisy and gets a lot of commuter traffic starting very early in the morning. We had our windows open because of the heat of the city, but had to close them to escape the noise. 3. The vaunted &quot;kitchenettes&quot; in each room were not what we anticipated. There were no cooking facilities, just a small refrigerater/freezer (with enough room for an ice tray) and another sink. They were convenient for keeping sodas and beer cold, but served little other purpose. THE UGLYThe beds were in terrible condition. The springs provided no support. I commandeered the better bed in my room and I still sagged into the middle. The &quot;triple&quot; room consisted of a double bed and a sofabed. The mattress in the double bed sagged so much that the girls rolled into each other. One of them spent the night in the bathtub. On the sofabed, my mother would have sagged down to the floor, but for the fact that her body dropped down into the frame. The experience left her feeling like she had been sleeping on a a rack of prison bars. [The ladies were offered another room with three twin beds, but did not even enter it because it reeked of cigarette smoke.] CONCLUSIONI was not expecting much. Then again, I did not ask for much. I wanted only a place where I could drop off my suitcases, sleep at night, and take a shower in the morning. I was disappointed. I suspect that the &quot;discounted&quot; rate we received was a marketing ploy. We left after one night and stayed at the Montana Excel in Argyle Square. While that place had its shortcomings as well, it was more comfortable, more convenient to King's Cross, much more quiet, and provided a full English breakfast for an equivalent price.	
Jul 23 2004	Not very professional	We have booked a double room the 1st of May for a 4 nights stay from July 17th. When we arrived, we were told there was a problem with the room and we were sent to another hotel (5 minutes walk) for getting a so-called similar room. The room we got was in no way similar to the pictures we can see on the Internet site or on the leaflet of the Arriva Hotel.The room (number 37) is in the European Hotel, 11-15 Argyle Square. It's the tiniest double room you can imagine. The bed is pushed in the corner against the wall, one third of the length against the window. Next to the bed, a path of about 60 centimeters ! At the bottom of the bed (against the window), a small chest of drawers with a TV on it. Not any space, neither between the bed and the piece of furniture nor between the piece of furniture and the wall. The only light comes from a bulb hanging from the ceiling, and you have to get off the bed to turn the light. Imagine when you're sleepling against the wall !!! The ensuite bathroom is cast in the same mould !	
Jul 22 2004	This Hotel is a Lie	We knew this hotel was a bargain, but they could have at least told us the truth. We were told that the hotel as parking and keeping that in mind, we rented a car. When we arrived, to our shock the man at the reception told us that there was no free parking, but parking around the corner for 16 pounds a day and you can't park there at night....so what are we suppose to do with the car. We had to take the car to the rental companys parking and were still being charged and no even using the car. We had requested a double and a triple room. The rooms look nothing like the pictures and are extremely dirty. The double room didnt even have a working door in the bathroom and the triple room had 2 beds...which was no convinient especially when it was 3 guys sharing the room.The man at the reception seemed nervous the whole time and couldnt answer any of our questions! This made our trip to London very stressful and unpleasant. Arrive should be ashamed of themselfs for Lieing!!!!	
Jun 4 2004	This place rocked!	For an econo hotel, this placed totally rocked! It was conveniently located and our room was neat. Our bathroom was clean with a full size tub and a shower with good water pressure. Our room was a little small, but our friends had a room much larger, so I guess the size varies from room to room. There was also a full set of dishes, a mini-fridge, and extra sink in the bedroom area. Breakfast was pretty much cereal (they even have Coco Pebbles), white toast, coffee/tea. The staff was very pleasant. Overall, I had a great experience at this hotel, and I would definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2004	Room without a view	My rating actually lies in between &quot;Terrible&quot; and &quot;Okay&quot; ... there were &quot;terrible&quot; things as no window in our room as well as &quot;okay&quot;-things, like the price and the location.Upon arrival the triple room we had booked weeks ago wasn't available and we had to split up into a double room with ensuite bathroom (shower's drain was blocked) and a twin room with the bathroom accross the floor, through two doors and four steps down, which wasn't overly clean.The next day we were moved to our triple room that was located in the basement with no windows at all.Breakfast was rather bleak, some cornflakes and toast (eight pieces of toast for three people) and either tea or coffee. The dishes weren't overly clean either and the table cloth badly stained.Next time I'll visit London, I'll definitely chose another hotel!	
Apr 9 2004	Adequate but Small	Upon arrival we were assigned one of London's smaller &quot;double&quot; rooms with an even smaller private bathroom. You needed to keep the two sliding shower doors open in order to sit down on the toilet and have a place to put your feet. No wall covered the plumbing pipes under the sink which appeared to have been left exposed since renovation. The room contained two twin beds, a drop leaf table, and small TV which was bolted above a portable wardrobe closet. The hotel advertised satellite TV but was told it was not working for the 3 weeks prior to and including the week we stayed there. We were amazed how management also fit a sink and refrigerator along with a set of kitchen cabinets with dishes and silverware for two into the room. Daily housekeeping kept the room tidy. Their continental breakfast was adequate. We found the neighborhood surrounding the Arriva traveller friendly with lots of stores (grocery, liquour, news, tobaco, post office) and carryout resterants available as well as an easy walk to King's Cross-St. Pancras tube station. We were usually back at the hotel by 7pm and felt safe walking in all directions.	
Mar 27 2004	Great Hotel Bargin	Just returned from 5 nights in London at the Arriva Hotel and was very happy with the accommodations. I have paid more at other hotels and gotten much less. Convenient to Kings Cross tube station. Several good restaurants by the station. Walking distance to British Library and British Museum. Room clean with private bath. Some street noise so you might want to ask for a room at the back. Lifts to all floors. Basic breakfast (cereal/toast) but all you can eat. I would stay there again.	
Sep 23 2003	Good value for budget travellers	The Arriva is a 5 minute walk from King's Cross station. It's on a busy road, so there will be some traffic noise (the rooms do have secondary double glazing so when the windows are closed, noise is somewhat reduced).The reception is open 24 hours and gives a nice impression; there is a lift. The rooms have been refurbished to some degree - however, the tiling in the shower cubicle needs re-doing, shower curtains need replacing. The bed and bedding were clean, the carpets needed replacing (or a steam clean). Tea and coffe making facilities are in the room, as is a fridge.The breakfast (continental) is good as it's included free.Considering the location, good value.Recommended only to those on a budget who need to stay in the King's Cross area. It's not a nice area to stay - vice is prevalent.	
Jul 31 2003	Great Service		
Jul 30 2003	you get what you pay for		
Sep 8 2009 	Tutto sommato per i prezzi di londra non male		
Jun 7 2009 	lo que me esperaba		
May 12 2009 	LONDRA E' CARA PROBABILMENTE C'E' DI PEGGIO		
Jan 4 2009 	ganz ganz schlimm!!		
Nov 2 2008 	Bastante anticuado pero recomendable.		
Oct 30 2008 	Trés bon rapport qualité/prix à 5 minutes à pieds de St Pancras		
Sep 28 2008 	Bon rapport qualité prix pour le week-end		
Aug 25 2008 	buono per un week end mordi e fuggi		
Aug 20 2008 	No limpian ni hacen las camas		
Jul 20 2008 	Bon rapport qualité-prix		
Jul 4 2008	Buena relacion Calidad precio		
May 1 2008 	hôtel vraiment sympa !		
Apr 14 2008	Très pratique		
Apr 8 2008 	Mal servicio		
Dec 19 2007 	hotel propre et simple		
Jul 27 2006 	Super!		
