	Horrid experience.	Aside from the fact that we weren't informed that there was no hot water or heat until after we'd paid for the rooms (non-refundable, of course), I WAS ROBBED in this hotel. The desk clerk was totally disinterested, did nothing to help, and he had the most appalling manner. We'd left our luggage with reception because the room wasn't available until 2pm -when we got back at 4:30pm, my backpack was gone. After insisting that someone do something about it, we got access to the security cameras, which showed clearly how a stranger walked into the reception area from the street on pretext of being a client and minutes later, attached my backpack to his own bag and walked out - while the entire staff were present! The baggage had been appropriately tagged by the hotel, and yet they claim no responsibility for the theft. There was no manager present, and no one of any authority could be contacted regarding any complaints. The room was mediocre, and noise from the corridors disturbed us late into the night. No hot water or heat the entire time. Shabby corridors. Truly awful experience - don't go near this place.	
Nov 12 2009 	A horrible hotel!	The hotel is close to both Bayswater and Queensway underground stations thereby having good access to public transportation and central London. It is also within easy walking distance to Paddington. Being so close to Kensington Gardens means it is ideal for a morning run or a walk in the park.However, this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in when visiting London either for business or pleasure. The room was horrible and had a strong stench of mould and dampness. Upon my return home the contents of my suitcase reeked of dampness; disgusting. The shower had almost no water pressure and would simply dribble water. Moreover, the amount of available hot water only lasted about 60 seconds. I also found the tap at the sink could only deliver hot water for a short period of time. The furniture in the rooms is very worn and needs to be replaced. My room was poorly sound proofed as I could hear heavy footsteps of people walking in the corridor and also above me in the entrance hall. There was no way of locking the the room's door from the inside, e.g. with a latch or bolt. So anyone with a key to the room could enter at any time. There were deep scratches around the door's lock to the room from a screwdriver, which looked like someone had tried to break in. Whilst the front door to the building was locked the door to the basement was nearly always open, giving anyone access to the building - my room's door was the first next to the open basement door. Given the seedy state of the room this added to a general feeling of insecurity. Needless to say I absolutely minimised my stay in the room and was delighted to check out. I was duped by the price and deeply regretted this as soon as I entered the room. This also took away from my enjoyment of London. In conclusion, I strongly and vehemently urge anyone to book somewhere else and completely avoid this hotel. From my own experience I know there are a lot better and safer hotels in London than the Hyde Park Suites - you have been warned!	
Oct 24 2009 	Fault Ridden Towers	Here is one to avoid. Booked through an agency named London Choice, things went down hill thanks to this agency taking our money, changing our booking, and refusing all attempts to contact them. On arrival we found the location excellent, but the accommodation a disaster for the following reasons: a lift facade with no lift in it, narrow stairs, fire doors propped open with the fire extinguishers, a blank health and safety notice board, wet towels, bathroom lights permanently on, overheating light switches, exposed wiring hanging out of holes in the walls, no dish towels, broken lights over kitchen stove, only one dining chair for two people, broken glass in window held together with paper and tape, window sashes broken, stained bed linen, and a mattress with multiple broken springs. External intercom system disconnected. Keys for the room were available at the other end of the street, and they requested a 100 pound key deposit. I would be happy to supply photos on request.	
Sep 26 2009 	Dont stay here even if your desperate	After lugging our numerous bags through Hyde Park we arrived at the check in office. The clerk had trouble finding our booking, it took her about 5 minutes to find it... in retrospect I wish she hadn't. When she finally found it we were told we would have to lug all of our luggage back down the stairs and down the street to another building. Once at the correct building we then had to haul all of our luggage down the stairs to our basement &quot;studio&quot;. The room looked OK, however the first problem was that the room had been advertised with 2 double beds, there was only one double bed the other bed was actually a Sofa Bed. I don't know if you've ever spent anytime on a sofa bed but I can tell you they are not the most comfortable beds. I had deliberately booked a room with 2 double beds because we were staying for 4 nights. Turns out that if there were two double beds it wouldn't have been much better because the double bed that was there wasn't too comfortable anyway. The bathroom ceiling was mouldy with black spots all over it, there was mould running down the corners of the shower and the shower screen was broken. The bathroom stunk of mould. There were three small bars of soap left in the bathroom two of which looked as if they had previously been used. The towel warmer didn't work which wasn't really an issue because the apartment was always so warm. There were only two towels for the four of us to use, when I went to the main office to complain about the mould in the bathroom the clerk said there was nothing that could be done about it and when I broached the subject that we were only given two towels it was like he didn't believe me and the other two towels must be there. Eventually he went a got me the extra two towels but not with a smile. The washing machine in the apartment didn't work, either did the convection oven. When I opened two of the Kitchen cupboards they smelled very musty. The TV had about 500 channels however we could only watch two of them because there were only two in English channels. The majority of the others were in Arabic. The only positive for this place is the Location. It's close to two separate underground lines (Bayswater &amp; Queensway) which makes it really easy to get around. It also close to restaurants, Hyde Park, Paddington,Porteblo Road and Kensington. If my credit card had not been maxed out I would have kissed my 371.00 pounds goodbye and gone somewhere else.	
Sep 15 2009 	ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!	After lugging our suitcases to the other end of the street and down the stairs, I nearly wanted to cry after opening the door to the apartment. It was hot as hell, unclean and dingy. No air con (despite being advertised as having this...), the bed was practically on the floor and the bathroom was very small. 3 used bits of soap in the bathroom, hair on the bathmats and stains on the pillow cases. We went to the office to complain as I wanted to get the hell out of there and a refund. A very unhelpful person at the desk said the rooms were cleaned every day and it was not possible. Very unhappy, I asked to speak to the manager (who wouldn't be in til the next day) and basically told to put up with it. The horror continued that night when I put a load of washing in....and it didn't work, the power short circuited. I was so mad that I couldn't do anything until the next day, got into bed...and it collapsed! I had a look under the bed, slats were missing and broken. Complained to the manager next day and he seemed very apologetic, but couldn't fix anything except the bed (which was done by sticking bricks under it). I was so disappointed with this place, do not stay here unless you're VERY DESPERATE!	
Sep 8 2009	DON'T STAY HERE. There's not even a phone in the room!	First of all, the hotel facade was dirty when we pulled up. There were bags of laundry in the hallway, practically in the front door. You had to walk around them to get in only to be taken aback by the mattresses leaned up against the wall in the hallway. This was not a good impression on me and I called the booking agent to complain. Our room was not ready which was fine because we were early. BUT the suitcases had to be left in the booking office, along with about 10-15 other suitcases, where everyone comes in and out to pay for their rooms, ask questions, etc.... No tags given for suitcases so anyone can walk in and pick yours up. Also, this hotel claims to be 3-star but the rooms do not have phones or safes. If you want to secure your valuables, you have to give it to someone who will put it in the safe that the employees use, provided that it can fit in an envelope. You cannot keep the key and the one person who has the key is not on site all of the time. You have to put notice that you need something from the safe a few hours in advance, just in case he's not onsite. He has to be phoned so theoretically, he may show up, or may not. Whatever, it's not like you might need something important from the safe, right? But rest assured, the manager did say that &quot;it's impossible for anything to go missing from the employee safe&quot;. I'm not a statistician, but that sounds less likely when the guest does not actually control the access to his valuables. There are a few seperate buildings that the suites are located in and they are not adjacent to the office. The water control came off when we turned the water on in the shower but because we had no phone to call the front desk. This would have been a convenient (and normal?) way to contact someone to fix it. This means that, you can't easily contact anyone if there is an emergency in the room and you don't have a mobile (which I don't - in fact, the clerk kindly suggested that I purhase a phone card). Furthermore, the office is locked after 10pm so if you have an emergency after 10pm it doesn't even make sense to walk the 5 min to the office so good luck! God forbid it should be raining if you need to speak with someone at the office or need something to be fixed! Hopefully, you've remembered to pre-pay for the internet so maybe you can e-mail them through the website as there is no e-mail address on the card. Someone will answer your request at 9:00am when the office opens, I'm guessing. The grossest thing is that there were 3 bars of used soap left for use in the bathroom. I know that the economy is bad but can't this 3-star hotel provide UNUSED SOAP for it's guests??? To top it off, when we 2 women (one of whom is in her 60's) arrived to the hotel, jetlagged and hungry with 3 heavy suitcases, a man who WORKS FOR THE HOTEL was just sitting there. He was asked by the clerk to take our bags to the other building. He curtly responded that he just finished taking some bags upstairs and, furthermore, our room was not up any stairs. Basically implying that he was tired and that because we did not have to go up any stairs, he would not be helping us. The clerk had to urge him and he reluctantly agreed. I was actually sitting right there! Wow, thanks for doing your job, guy.When we spoke with the manager about our displeasure regarding the hotel, the manager flatly told me that i have no reason to be upset because the room is clean (obviously, she did not see the cracks in the wall or the black marks on the wall) and that she will not give a discount or my money back (fully paid on hotwire). She said that the suite was completed just 2 months ago. She was definitely telling the truth because they did not even have the decency to pull off the vinyl adhesive or whatever that protective covering is that comes on some closet doors. So the closet doors (white formica) are now blue and sporting some kind of serial numbers on the commercial covering. And the masonry in the bathroom is a little sloppy. Caulking spilling out of crevaces near the fawcett, wall paint on the door frame, etc...but you tend to notice these details more when other things are not working for you, right? In all fairness, the room itself was clean, the bed was made but, unfortunately, the bath towels did look a bit worn. To add insult to injury regarding the room, I put a bag on the coffee table in the room and the base slid off the pedestal that it was on, causing the glass to almost slide off as well. This is obviously not a quality establishment. The manager was pretty argumentative with me when she should not have been because we had never spoken and she heard my complaint through hotwire, not from me directly. Unless you are really, really, really on a tight budget i.e. student budget or are not looking for anything nice as far as hotels, amenities, etc...avoid the Hyde Park Suites. The &quot;suite&quot; is probably about the same size of a regular hotel room with 1 double bed. But it looks smaller because of the kitchenette. And the bathroom is very small. But even this can slide because it is London and rooms can run quite small. However, there is no air conditioning so I definitely don't recommend during the summer. In an effort to write a somewhat balance review, I will say that the kitchenette w/ modern finishes in the room is a good feature. The desk clerks were relatively helpful. Another good point is the location. The area is safe, vibrant and clean. It's close to paddington station and lots more attractions. But there are quite a few other hotels to choose from on the same street. I don't know what their rooms look like but the lobbies look like real lobbies, not a frat house and - I did ask around - the rooms have safes and phones. Sadly, the location only makes you wish you were actually staying somewhere nice rather than Hyde Park Suites. I could not even recommend this place if I were placed under hypnosis.	
Aug 9 2009 	What a Nightmare!!	I booked this apartment online. It said MEDIUM GOLD APARTMENT so I thought it would suit our needs. First of all we had 4 heavy suitcases and had to carry them up 8 flights of stairs as the lift wasnt working! Then the airconditioning and the TV werent working either. And if we put too many electrical appliances on at one time the electricity went out! I would certainly NEVER stay in this accomodation again and would not even recommend it to my worst enemy!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Mixed feelings: Cheap price horrible business	We looked for a place to stay in London near hyde park. The hotels that my wife wanted were way too expensive and these suites were on VRBO.com and were looking good for the price asked. We agreed and were optimistic. Great price, great location and good looking pictures on VRBO. Upon arrival you find that they have multiple buildings in the area and may ship you out after waiting an HOUR for their &quot;taxi&quot; service (a friend in a minivan). We arrived and the room actually looked fine. ALL Ikea furniture and Ikea kitchen even. However, some lights didnt work, the &quot;satellite&quot; TV has more than a thousand channels but only TWO in english (handful in french, none in spanish that I could find and a thousand in different arabic languages.) Worst yet, the washing machine didnt work, the biggest selling point for my wife and I. Wifi was a separate expensive charge. The elevator was down right frightening. When we told the office about the washing machine, the manager got mad at us first, then he got mad at the clerk for letting us use a different machine in a different building 15 minutes away. Unfortunately, half way through our load of laundry, that dryer broke there too. We had to lug wet close on the tube back to the hot musty crappy room.	
Jul 30 2009 	you are not in this building. walk 1 minute down the street	Arrived in the early morning. Room not available that was ok. They kindly kept our luggage. Returned in the afternoon. Passed a room key and told to walk 1 minute down the street to no 81 from where we were at no 11. You are in room 9c. Walked down the street and had to climb 9 flights of stairs to our room which was HOT, no opening windows. T V did not work and there was a dirty cloth hanging on the fire extinguisher which was the tea towel for wiping the dishes. Spoke to the people down in the reception. They sent a clean tea towel however said the lift would not be fixed anytime soon. They should not book you into one place and send you to another. Check where you are going to be..Only stayed a few days as was too hot and the 9 flights of stairs were too much.Convenient location to bus,metro and shops and restaurants.	
Jul 24 2009 	Had a nice stay"UNTIL"	Stayed in an Superior 2 bed apartment in Inverness Terrace which we found was decent enough for a long-weekend or short-stay visit to the Capital.After our stay and just as we were in mid check-out,my wife remembered she had left her mobile/cell phone in the apartment.It could have been no longer than 5 minutes since we vacated the apt but when i returned to the apt, the phone,the charger,to which both had been left plugged into an electric socket,were both gone.The phone had been switched off as i tried immediatlly to call it! (My wife never has her phone switched off as she is an on call Midwife) The room at the time of my arrival,had 2 cleaners in it,both declared no knowledge of seeing a phone?!!! We had no option but to call in the police!The owners seemed concerned to a point and regailed us with stories of how honest their cleaning staff were but it was no concellation to my wife who had lost personal numbers,photos of family and the 10k race she had just taken part in the day before in the city.	
Jul 12 2009 	Worst service ever good location.	Hotel was located in a very nice neighbourhood and first we were very exited about the place. We had our own studio which was nicely furnished but hot as hell!! The temperature never went under 29 C, even though we had windows open all the time we were there. There were all kinds of kitchen equipment there, which was a good thing. But in bathroom there was mold all over showerwalls. And the smell was very moldy in whole studio. But the most awful thing was the quality of the service we got. For example, our flight back was in the afternoon so we had planned to see one more museum before we went to the airport. When we were checking out, we asked if we could leave our luggage there. The guy in a reception said it wasn't possible, cause they needed the space for those people's luggage, who were going to check in later that day. But, if we would have paid them 10 pounds a bag, there would have been a separate room, where we could have kept our luggage. We didn't pay, cause that was a ridiculous price for two hours! And this hotel says, it wants to provide the best service. I can honestly say, I didn't get any service at all. So, even though there were also good sides in this hotel, I really can't recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 7 2009 	Best place to stay in London - and I mean it.	This large, friendly and service-minded aparthotel did nothing less than accommodate my all wishes and expectations from the moment I stepped in the door. Location: The apartments are located in beautiful white villas on a quiet and leafy street 30sec from Queensway Underground Station (this means 5min by tube to central, and there are also many frequent night buses). It is just across from the best part of Hyde Park, and there are many local cafés, bars and restaurants 2mins walk from the apartments.In my opinion, you don't get a better location in London for that kind of money and I've been visiting the city at least once a month in the last 6 years.Facilities: The room we had was just perfect and exactly what I had had in mind. It's always difficult to book self-catering apartments and judge a place by its photos, but I still prefer an homely and 'personal' holiday apartment to a hotel that can make you feel like you are just in transit. The kitchen was perfectly stocked with lots of utilities for cooking, and the bathroom was really clean. The living/bedroom had a stylish decor, quality furniture and a massive window allowing in plenty of sunlight. Our flat also came with cheap pay-as-you-go wifi, but I'm not sure if that goes for all of the apartments.Service: The main reception for all of the apartments is a nice and cosy office where the staff is both professional and very friendly. As said previously, they accommodated all of my wishes from start to finish of my stay, and the whole office from cleaner to manager also went out of their way to help me when I had been so stupid to leave something incredibly valuable behind in the flat.If I should put my finger on anything, it is probably that there are no elevators in the villas, so if you are staying at 3rd floor like me with a lot of luggage, that might take some time.But in my opinion, Hyde Park Suites is a really, really great place to stay for both families, couples and friends that want pleasant, central, trouble-free and affordable accommodation in London.	
Jul 6 2009 	A very expensive college dorm room - not suitable for families	The only positive attribute of the Hyde Park Suites is the location - walking distance to the park and shops, restaurants.If there are more than 2 people travelling (i.e.families, etc), save your money and do not stay at these 'suites.' They are not set up for families at all. You are better off paying more and staying somewhere else. These truly feel like college dorm rooms.The apartments are very poorly maintained, the walls are paper-thin and the bedding/furniture is obviously very cheap. Do not pay extra money for the internet service. The connections are very spotty - you are better off going to an internet cafe.The staff tried to be accommodating but were clearly overwhelmed with the volume of people and other people complaining.	
Jan 6 2009 	Absolutely terrible	What amazed us about this hotel is there was nothing possible about it. First of all, it claims to be a suite hotel. Where I come from, this normally means &quot;suites&quot; and that was the reason we picked it as we are a family of four. But we did not get a suite, it was just a large single room. The first impression of the hotel was pretty awful. Paint was coming off wall and cleanliness of the hotel has much to improve. The owner/management did not see the need to even bother with a positive image is what really amazes us.. The bathroom was so small that we could not sit properly on the toilet bowl. The mattress was worn out and there was no bed sheets. We even had to ask a few times before they brought us extra quilts but we did not like the condition of them anyway when they did finally arrive.Originally, we booked and paid for 3 nights but had to move out after the first night. Obviously, we did not get refunded for the 2 other nights. The bad thing about this hotel is that it was obviously not ready for business or they did not care since they always ask you to pre-pay the whole stay.Finally, the booking was done through Euracom.co.uk. I am planning on writing a complaint to them directly. They definitely should bear some responsibilities for this.	
Jun 21 2009 	Buen apartamento en una excelente zona		
Apr 15 2009 	pesimo		
