Nov 11 2009 	Does exactly what it says on the tin	This is a good budget hotel.The reception staff are friendly (Jana gave us a particularly pleasant welcome) and check in was easy and quick. The room was clean, large and had everything needed for a one night stay. Sure it's not the ritziest or plushest hotel, but you wouldn't expect that. What you do get is value for money.It's in a great location, just yards from Putney Bridge station, and our room was quiet with a river view. The windows did open to let in air, and the heating was adequate. No problems encountered at all - I'd return if I needed a cheap night's accommodation.	
Oct 28 2009 	Clean and friendly	We stayed for one night whilst we toured London. The staff were very friendly. The hotel was clean and in good order. The facilities in the room were exactly as requested however the second single was on the floor and not a proper bed. Food was good and we chose to have pizza and breakfast during our stay. I would certainly eat this again. We were on a basement type room and had no problem with noise like other reviews have mentioned.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great but don't pay for the WIFI	I really like this hotel. Stayed for around 10 nights in total. It's 2 mins walk from Putney Bridge Underground. The staff are all very nice and helpful. Watch out for some of the rooms that are kind of at basement level as the street noise is bad, but I just asked for another room and I got a really nice one on the 6th floor. Great value for London. Only very minor downside was I paid 12 pound for the Swisscom WIFI and I did a speed test and it was working at 14Kbs download, which is slower than bad dial up! I asked at reception and they said they were trying to change that out. I've used Swisscom wifi at the Edinburgh Premier Inn and it was never that bad.	
Oct 4 2009 	Very convenient location and family friendly	Stayed one night at the Premier Inn as we were going to the Odeon across the bridge for a late night Charity film. Paid £79 for a family room plus £7.95 each for adult breakfast (child free). Great price - only downside is the £18 charged for the car park for 24 hours. Good size room with pull out bed. Tea/coffee making facilities - sadly no biscuits or hot chocolate! Very good self service selection at breakfast and all the staff we met very friendly. Would definitely stay again next time we have a late night in Putney.	
Aug 21 2009 	The best Premier Inn I've stayed at.	This is the best Premier Inn I've stayed in. We were staying for a local wedding and arrived very early at the hotel, 10am. The staff said our room was ready so we were able to check in at that time for no extra cost! The room was well appointed for a budget hotel, with a flat screen and more importantly air conditioning. Don't be fooled by the tatty exterior, its a great bugdet hotel. Well worth the London price tag.	
Aug 17 2009 	Just a great budget hotel !	Stayed one night after a matinee trip to the theatre in town. Great location on the river, ordinary but clean and comfortable rooms. Bed clean and comfortable. Service in bar and on reception outstanding. Breakfast absolutely wonderful considering we have two teenagers who ate for free.All in all, a comfortable hotel offering great value for money.	
Jul 31 2009 	A good base away from Central London	Actually a great base. Very easy access to all of London's key tourism attractions. Buses stop almost outside, underground a few minutes away, overground a few minutes walk in the other direction (Putney Station - links to places SW of London). I also like staying in what is one of london's residential areas. For a short time at least, it is though you are a resident. which I think is a good thing. as others have said, the view of the hotel from outside is a bit offputting, though once inside it is all standard Premier Inn fare... nothing wrong with that. I was lucky enough to get a room on the top floor (602). Great view over the River Thames. Most of the rooms at lower levels especially those in the 'basement' part of the hotel would have no view at all. I guess I was lucky, just turning up at 2.00pm!Tried this hotel after Premier Inn Southwark had priced itself out of the market (It really is charging top rates!). For a three day stay, I was able to save about £150 which is worth having. And really, once inside there isnt much difference.. and the huge windows here give by far the better view.So, if you want somewhere away from tourist central for hotels (Kensington, Earls Court etc) this is a good option. I'd visit again!	
Jul 22 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	In July 2009 I travelled to London with my elderly mother and two children aged 7 and 8. We chose the Premier Inn at Putney Bridge at random as we had no knowledge of London at the time. Thank goodness, we made a wise decision! This hotel (and the chain in fact) is absolutely fantastic. The service is exceptional, the location is convenient and close to both the bus station (10 metres from the front door) and the tube (100 metres from the front door) and the rooms are absolutely adequate. For a family on a budget I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. You are treated like 5 star guests - they will ring taxi's on your behalf, assist with luggage and store your belongings for many hours after you have checked out. This hotel is about a 40 pound taxi ride to Heathrow Airport and I would not recommend attempting to take luggage on the bus or tube from this location (on the tube you need to get on and off at around 2 stations). I would recommend booking over the internet to get the best price as the price at the door differs somewhat. My only feedback is that the rooms are not equip with a fridge which would have been extremely handy (for storing alcohol.... he he).	
Jul 20 2009 	Large clean room overlooking river with friendly staff	Checked in at 16:30 friday night for a 2 night break in the Capital. Only 3 spaces in the car park when we arrived although there were spaces on the street (free on sundays). The staff were helpful and friendly at all times. The family room was on the fourth floor with a partial view of the river and putney bridge through a large picture window. Room was clean and everything worked. Traffic noise was hardly audible with the window closed. Great location to jump on the underground at putney bridge station 2 minutes walk away ( 1 day off peak travelcard for anywhere in zone 1 and 2 was £5.60). The breakfast was excellent (actually too good, if you are watching your weight!). Overall I would definately stay there again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Basic hotel in a great location	Stayed at this hotel for two nights (Thursday &amp; Friday) whilst attending the tennis at Wimbledon. We arrived at around 5.00pm to find that the car park was already full, but in the event this worked to our advantage as we were able to park on the street between the hotel and the tube station, and this worked out cheaper. Our room (602) was ready for us, and from what I have read we were very lucky because it was on the top floor overlooking the river, and we did not have to request this. It was however, next to the lift, but although there was some lift noise, it did not really bother us, (that said, one of the lifts was out of order, so I expect there would have been more noise if both were working).The room was basic, but spotlessly clean and a good size with a comfortable bed and everything worked, including the air-conditioning, which was good, because the weather was hot during our stay.Used the restaurant for breakfast only, but this was very nice indeed and excellent value at £7.95 for as much as you can eat.We found the reception staff to be friendly and helpful, very good with directions and advice. Walked to the tennis, took about 50 minutes, but as other reviewers have mentioned tube station is close by. There were a lot of bars and restaurants on the other side of the bridge that looked lively, unfortunately after an 11 hour stint at Wimbledon, all we wanted was a shower and bed!Have used Premier Inn several times before, but I have to say that this is the best one that I have stayed in so far. I would certainly stop here again.	
Jun 11 2009 	It was great!	We were absolutely happy with the hotel. Very good location, spacy room, although we had to bargain it. We were offered to pay at check in, and after I had told we would like to see the room first, we were transferred from the first to the fourth floor, which is strongly recommended. Breakfast is sufficient, clean and nice eating area, friendly staff.Do not forget to bring an adapter, they do not have it at the hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Spacious London Room with a view	We arrived earlier (12pm) than check in (2pm) and were greeted without fuss and were able to get our car park space sorted early.(the car park was full by 7pm that night.) £18/24hrs. I requested a room on the top floor if possible and they sorted this without any drama. A large number of rooms are street level due to a sprawling lower deck design and this can increase the traffic noise. Smell the new carpets in the corridoors!! Room was a great size with panorama windows across entire outside wall.North West Facing. Opposite rooms would have view over Thames, nice. The City was visible including Canary Wharf tower in the distance and the other way looked across Fulham Palace Gardens to Craven Cottage. Great bed. Air Con working. LCD TV with all digital Channels. Plenty of space to chill. We went to Twickenham for a big match and the Tube station was so close we could read the trains from the window! Lift to below ground straight to car makes for easy luggage transfer and the staff were polite and helpful. Didn't try kitchen or bar. A good recommend for a break, sport (Fulham, Chelsea, Harlequins, Twickenham) or just a base to see London.	
May 18 2009 	Ignore first impressions; it's so much better when you get inside	First impressions on arriving are that the building is a sad and dated 70's office block and very uninspiring, wedged between Putney bus station, a main road and the River Thames. Thankfully, things do get much better. It might be your classic Premier Inn with regards to look and feel but in terms of value for money it's definitely worth considering. Friendly reception staff, and having read previous TA postings, I asked for and secured a room on a high-level floor, facing the river. The room was unusually large for a Premier Inn; everything worked and it was spotlessly clean. It was also very quiet.Breakfast at £7.95 is good value if you're prepared to follow the 'eat all you can' mantra. Otherwise, for a coffee and croissant , there are places elsewhere where could save a few pounds.Overall: Good value. You know what you're getting with this budget chain. Ideally located for transport links (tube, bus etc) - just ignore those first impressions!!	
Jan 30 2009	Excellent stay	I was visiting some friends in uni over, I've heard about how comfortable the premier inns are. The hotel is located less than a minutes walk from Putney bridge station and the bus top is outside the door for the number 14 goes by all the time from the city centre and it runs 24 hours per dayThe ouside of the building is nothing to write home about but dont be put off as the rooms, breakfast area and reception are fine. My room was spacious, clean and comfortable. the bed was nice, we had tea, coffee and buscuits, the bathroom was nice the shower was hot and powerful. I had a hair dryer, tv and safe. the reception staff are very friendly and its is a bargain at 81 pounds for a room per night for the centre of London. Putney town is nice to visit good cafes and shops	
Dec 14 2008 	Excellent	Stayed for one night as out in Clapham for a night out with friends and to be honest couldn't fault it.I didn't check in till 3 am but went very smoothly,room was great, big,very clean and comfortable and breakfast in the morning was fantastic,what really impressed me more than anything though was how really friendly all the staff i met were,and all for 70 odd quid,thoroughly recommended.	
Sep 27 2008 	Almost A Perfect Place....	Great value hotel.Price good especially for London.Rooms spacious.Modern.Great for an over night stay....especially if you want to be quite near to Fulhams Football Ground ( as we did ),We got put on the sixth floor..on entering our room and looking out of the window...we got a surprise...a very pleasant one!!!The River Thames was displayed in all its glory and a busy Putney Bridge coupled with a bright sunny day made for a picture postcard view.One downside to the Hotel,in my opinion,is the very small size of the restaurant.We had to wait for breakfast...not too much of a worry...but when other people are then shown to a table before you it is annoying.A hand written waiting list seems the logical thing to have but alas no.We couldn't afford to wait so left without breakfast and got our money back for it...however I wasn't impressed.Still,I would stay there again ...and ask for a high floor facing the River and put that dining or lack of dining experience down as a &quot;oneoff&quot;.	
Sep 24 2008 	Caring	Outstandingly friendly &amp; efficient. One unfortunate event illustrates this: my wife was knocked over accidentally in the street as we were returning to the motel, injuring her mouth &amp; knee, &amp; we were impressed by their concern, quick response, well-stocked first aid box &amp; practical help.Excellent location, near transport links (just the right distance from the centre of London if you're driving in) &amp; good restaurants (over the bridge). Clean rooms. Above average breakfast.Inexpensive for London, I suppose.Quite hideous corporate colours, but we survived walking along the purple corridors....	
Sep 19 2008 	Nice clean hotel.	Nice clean hotel. Friendly service. A bit loud at pub closing time (at least in the room we stayed).	
Sep 16 2008 	Recent visit	Stayed at this travel inn a couple of weeks ago and wanted to add the following observations.The hotel is a great base for family visits to London, where your room is basically your start and finish point each day. I feel the PremierInn is great for this purpose, no frills but good clean accommodation and good food. This one is ideally located near to Putney Bridge tube station (200m) on the District line. I wasn't affected by any of the previous comments about buses, but did hear a bit of noise at closing time at an adjacent pub.The air conditioning worked a treat although it had to be activated by the staff at the front desk, whom I may add were polite at extremely helpful at all times. Used the small restaurant and found it be good value serving great food, even making changes to suit my daughters allergy.I cannot fault or suggest any change and would definitely use it again.Mick	
Aug 31 2008 	Good budget hotel	The only reason we chose this hotel was because the location was good for visiting family. The outside of the hotel looks awful but inside was fine - what you would expect for a budget hotel. It is a great location being just around the corner from the tube station.We didn't eat at the hotel as we were meeting friends for dinner and out during the day - we went to the River Cafe opposite the tube stattion for breakfast which was a lot cheaper than the hotel.Rooms are clean - we had a lovely view of the car park! Maybe next time I would ask for a higher floor but we didn't spend that much time in the room so it didn't really matter.It does seem quite expensive for a budget hotel but that is London I guess and it was cheaper than staying nearer the city centre.It was more than adequate for what we wanted for 2 days away - nothing flash but clean and comfortable.	
Aug 4 2008 	Clean  good value hotel	This is a clean friendly hotel, the staff are great and the food was surprisingly good for a budget hotel. I read reviews on here after we booked and was a bit apprehensive but I couldn't fault this hotel or its location and our family room for 4 was comfortably spacious. We spent 5 nights here and it is an excellent base for trips into central London but much cheaper than city centre hotels. 15-20 mins on the tube has you in London and the Oyster card is a great way of getting around and saves queueing for tickets. The bus station is just across the way as already mentioned, the tube station is approx 100m away. The rail station requires a 10 min walk over the Putney Bridge and provides easy access to Windsor for Legoland and to Feltham for the Heathrow bus if you don't fancy the tube.	
Jul 25 2008 	Excellent Location	My friend and I with my two children chose a short break in London to see the sights. We arrived before check in, but our room wasn't ready; the check in staff were more then willing to store our luggage for us. We were given luggage stubs and went on our way. When we did check in we were advised that we had a very nice room. We did, room 606 with a view of the river Thames. The air conditioning was on and was much appreciated due to the hot temperatures during our stay. I was concerned having read some reviews about the bus noise, however we experienced none (ask for 6th floor overlooking the river). The fire alarm sounded 3 times from 00:05 - 00:20hrs. Three explanations were given!!! Breakfast was served from 06:00hrs (a little early for us) to 10:00hrs. There was a full range of food and drink available (with hot plates), not as much choice as I have encountered at other premier inns, but more than enough for our group of four. Check out was easy and the offer to store our bags was there as we weren't heading home until later in the evening. All in all, great value for money with clean comfortable rooms. I will come back as the location was good (with a river facing room).	
Jul 9 2008 	Like Staying in a Bus Station!	I know i should expect a bit of noise when staying in London,but this hotel is just too noisy.The hotel is located just before the entrance to Putney Bridge Station where upto 3 buses a minute(i counted at one point!) travel past below the hotel.The most annoying thing is the buses waiting with their engines running, right under the hotel windows.Being a converted office block means that the double glazing is rubbish.We had to have the windows open anyway,as it was hot in the room,due to the lack of A/C.I dont think ill be staying here again.I can stay in a 4* for what i paid-(£101 plus £16 for parking).	
Feb 12 2008 	good sized rooms	Stayed for three nights on a bussiness trip.Lovely clean room which was a very good size.I went over to my colleagues hotel which was in the Docklands area and was disgusted his room was disgusting compared to mine &amp; we were paying the same rate.Restaurant was good food was basic but nice.Only down side was the lack of parking not enough spaces for all the rooms, if you were late getting back then you could not park.Reception was very helpful i would definatley recommend this hotel.	
Feb 6 2008 	Central location but expensive for what you get	This was one of the only hotels in the area that was less than £100 per night. As we were just staying one night for a birthday party (and therefore would hardly be insde the hotel at all) the £80 odd felt like plenty. I read a few reviews on here and thought we would give it a whirl. It is perfectly placed for access to Putney, Fulham, and the Kings Road which leads to Kensington and Chelsea, and after that Westminster. Very close to tubes and buses as noted.The staff were very friendly on check in. We didn't opt for breakfast and instead explored the area for this. The room we were in was not huge and while ostensibly clean was on the cheesy, cheap side of average. I wouldn't stay there again just because I think a guest house or such would be a much pleasenter place to stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	Large rooms can be noisy though	Plus points are the size of rooms which are huge for this type of hotel and the transport connections into London. The tube is just 2-3 mins walk away or take the bus - 22 (Piccadilly via Chelsea) or 14 (Warren St via theatre land/Trafalger Sq) from the front of the hotel - I found the 14 about 20 mins quicker.Not so good is the noise from traffic if on the front, added to this our room was next to a lift so any light sleepers may struggle.Other members of our family had a river view on a high floor and this was much better, if I could be sure of getting this option I would stay again.Breakfast as always is too expensive, there's a cafe directly opposite the tube enterance, great breakfast at half the price, the interior is stuck in a time warp but it's clean and used by the bus drivers and locals - always a good sign.	
Nov 5 2007 	Ideal base for London visit	Stayed here for two nights before heading up to Scotland to visit family. Chose it due to its proximity to Fulham's home ground - Craven Cottage. We were a bit naughty and booked a family room for two adults and one chld when we were really 3 adults. Bedding consisted of one double bed and sofabed. Room was a decent size and the bathroom was pretty good. Our room had a view of the Thames which was unexpected. As per previous post, the No.14 bus was brilliant for getting into the city centre. Didn't use the restaurant - we ventured over the bridge to what I presume was Putney High Street and had breakfast at a health food cafe. Can really recommend this hotel as a great place to stay if wanting to catch a Premier League soccer match. Usually easy to get tickets to most Fulham home games.	
Oct 12 2007 	Watch out for overcharging	Stayed here 1 night on business. The hotel is in an excellent location near the far end of the New Kings Road so lots of nice restaurants and bars close by. Rooms are standard Travelodge fare – comfy beds, basic and clean. The problem I had was that they quoted over the phone a rate of £80 when I booked about 1 month in advance, but when I arrived this had risen to £110 because England were playing a football match at Wembley in 4 days time. Well Putney is not near Wembley and even if it was why increase the rate 4 days before the match! The receptionist showed me a list of days they arbitrarily increase their rates – so my advice is get a formal quote or you could get stung like I did.	
Sep 9 2007	huge rooms	Wel, this anything but a budget hotel.staff who are helpful and you can understand,room that was spotless and &quot;Huge&quot;, very good vaule all you can eat breakfastfast check in check out, very near to bus and tube.what more do you want , oh yes I am 6ft 7in and the bed was a decent size too	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Value	Myself &amp; two teenagers stayed at this hotel and mostly enjoyed the stay. The hotel is very close to Putney Bridge tube so it is very easy find and handy for getting around. The exterior is a bit bland looking but the check in staff were friendly and helpful. We were sent to the wrong room at first but this was quickly sorted out. When we got to the right room the one and only major problem became apparent - stifling heat and no air conditioning. A small fan was provided but it was of limited use. The room itself was big - the beds comfortable and had the usual TV hairdryer kettle etc. The buffet breakfast was tasty &amp; plentiful. We didnt have dinner or use the bar so i cant comment on them but i did enjoy a pint in the 8 bells pub next door.In short for value and convenience i would recommend this hotel but the air conditioning is a problem that needs to be sorted out	
Aug 11 2007 	excellent value. And on a great bus line!	As others have mentioned, the Putney Bridge Travel Inn is cheerful and inexpensive. &quot;Inexpensive&quot; is relative, of course, for American travelers, with the U.S. peso circling the drain.But there's one thing that I haven't seen mentioned, which is this hotel's proximity to the #14 bus line, which makes the hotel even better.Here's what you do: just outside the hotel, there's a little kiosk where the man will give you free bus-line maps. Buy an all-day bus/tube pass in the subway station, and then ride the 14 bus to most tourist destinations.It's even cooler if you can get the seat in the front, in the upstairs.	
Apr 14 2007 	I'll be back!	I have stayed in this hotel in June/July for the past two years while attending the Championships in Wimbledon and we haven't had any problems with it. I booked it again for June 2007 and am looking forward to staying there.The rooms are surprisingly big and very tidy. The bathroom is big too and clean. Rooms have tea/coffee making facilities, a tv and hairdryer. We found it did get quite hot at night though.We found the staff to be pleasant and they did not seem to mind that we would be leaving the hotel at 5 in the morning to head out to wimbledon to queue!The location is great. Putney is a nice town with some good shops, a shopping centre and plenty of places to eat. The hotel has its own restaurant with prices about the same as they are anywhere else in London.The underground station of Putney Bridge is literally a two minute walk from the hotel and this is on the district line so you can be in central london in about 15 mins. Its only about a 10 minute tube ride to southfields station to attend Wimbledon.I plan on staying in this hotel any time I go to visit for Wimbledon and would definitely recommend it.	
Jan 21 2007	Nice hotel. Would go back again.	Front desk is very friendly. First time in London and they answered all questions that came at them. Room was nice and clean. Resturant and bar area very nice. Didnt pay the extra 3.5 pounds to eat the hot food but the cold items were good. Two blocks to the Putney Bridge Station to pick up the Underground, so it was no trouble at all getting around the city. London is a great place to ring in the New Year. Either head down to see the fireworks at London Eye or a couple pubs near by where you could get some good beer. Would go back again.	
Aug 19 2006 	This hotel was a winner with us	We could not fault the putney travel inn we stayed there for three nights with two young children in a family room which was huge. The room was very clean and they met our request for a room on the thames and not facing the busy noisy road, the windows are double glazed to cut out the noise anyway, we had a fan in our room so we were able to close our windows. The staff were very laid back polite and helpful and fun. We booked through superbreak which was the cheapest make sure you book a room which includes full breakfast or else its £7.50 each, children ate and stayed free which was great. Breakfast very generous help yourself buffet kids loved it so did we! Very well situated on putney bridge buses every 2 minutes going into the centre of london which is about 6 miles in. Nice park across the road for the kids too. Definately will return to this hotel in the future.	
Oct 16 2005	Good choice for anyone staying in the area.	Good london cheap and cheerful hotel. Great value breakfast , large rooms and easy access.Only quibbles were that a number of the available irons were broken and the non smoking room i booked smelt like Ken Clarke has stayed in there before me	
Aug 9 2005	No Frills Hotel	Do not stay at this hotel if the temperture is over seventy degrees! My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for seven nights, and it was the hottest hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are not air conditioned, and only have a small fan. The windows do not let in any air as they push out. The towels are very small and thin, and wash cloths are never given out. The rooms were reasonably clean but worn. I would have to be desperate to stay there again. The hotel itself is very unattractive and plain. I don't know why other people have given this hotel a great review. The breakfast buffet is boring and never changes. When my daughter asked for a piece of cheese for breakfast they told her no, that it wasn&quot;t part of the breakfast menu buffet?!	
Aug 5 2005	Happy Stay in Travel Inn	My husband and I had just spent 5 nights from July 22, 2005 in Putney Bridge Travel Inn. Staff is very nice and helpful. As we arrived there at 8:00am, we are thoughtfully granted with early check-in. Room is surprising big and clean that we didn't expect like that for budgeted hotel. Public transportation connection to the hotel is excellently good. You can either take Underground or Bus to everywhere you want to go in London. Situated along Thames River is also a bonus for our trip. Surely we will stay at Travel Inn next time when we visit London or UK cities.	
Apr 2 2005	Would stay here again	I had expected a tiny little room. I had no idea that my husband and I would be staying in a room bigger than our bedroom at home! I just returned from a student tour of Paris and London. We stayed at the Putney Bridge Travel Inn for 3 nights. We all thoroughly enjoyed it. The room were large and clean. The area is beautiful - the Oxford/Cambridge rowing race starts just a few metres away. There is a great little pub called the 8 bells we frequented while there. Super friendly. They actually made room for us to sit at the bar when we walked in. Across the bridge you can find several pubs, restaurants and just a 10min walk away we found a great internet cafe. As mentioned earlier, the station is only a 3 min walk away and it's only 30mins to get into the city. If being in the centre of the city isn't an issue for you, then think about this hotel. My husband and I are talking about going back to London again and we will definitely be staying at the Putney Bridge Travel Inn.	
Dec 7 2004	Great	I am an unabashed fan of the Travel Inn chain. Their Putney hotel is as good as the others I have stayed at. Very well situated almost on the banks of the River Thames and a short walking distance to Putney Bridge tube station. Bus service also appears to be fairly good. The staff here were friendly and helpful - allowing us to check in at noon which gave us the afternoon to do some exploring. The rooms are standard TI - clean, spacious and comfortable! The breakfast is excellent - a comprehensive buffet with eggs, bacon, sausage etc as well as cereals, toast, yoghurt, pastries, fruit. Great value for GBP6.95 and kids under 10 are free!	
Jun 7 2004	A Really Good Find	Travel Inn Putney Bridge was a great find. We spent six nights there. Just a few minutes walk to bus or train and a short, easy to commute to central London or elsewhere. Very clean, comfortable rooms and bed, always hot showers and bath, heated towel rail plus welcome tea/coffee making facilities which aren't common in Europe. Excellent hot breakfast (include this in your room deal) and reasonably priced restaurant for other meals if required. Very friendly and helpful staff. Only possible drawback was traffic noise if we opened the windows so ask for a room at the back to avoid this. All in all, a very pleasant stay.....we will return next time we have the opportunity.	
Oct 7 2003	Travel Inn - Why Not	The hotel is well situated...close to bus and tube stations. Good view of the river on one side (ask for the river side as it is less noisy).Staff very accomodating and polite. Went out of there way to please.The rooms are large and clean.One problem we did not receive a messge that was left for us.Good place to stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	A recommander. très bon rapport qualité/prix pour une chambre familiale.		
Jul 8 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix pas trop loin du centre de Londres		
