Nov 17 2009 	Not Sincere !!	My boyfriend and I took a trip to London this weekend. He had an interview down there so we decided to treat ourselves and go down the night before, book a nice hotel, meal and see the sights. I have stayed with other Malmaison and feel I know the brand well, as we are both foodies I thought this would be perfect for us. We even got a good deal - the Sunday supplement. You have to spend a certain amount in the Brasserie and then you get a good rate on your room. We checked in, all thought the receptionist asked all the right questions, it definitely lacked politeness and any form of warmth. Our room was small but otherwise nice. The bath tub however has left me with a very nasty bruise on my thigh. The tub is very deep which my in option is a good thing but it lack any thought of how one might get out without falling. There was no rail and with a tub this deep it was some effort to get out.Our main issue was with the Brasserie.We ordered our starters and drinks; the waitress was very friendly and helpful. Both my boyfriend and I ordered steak at 20 odd quid each, we were looking forward to it. I had asked my for medium to well-done and my boyfriend medium to rare - they both came out cooked the same. The worst part though was finding a large shard of metal cooked in to one if his chips. We showed the waitress this shard of metal who did apologise and said she would get the manager - instead of the manager coming over he sent her back saying we could have a free dessert worth £5 each. Working in hospitality myself I thought this was by no way good enough and asked for the manager.When he came over, there was an apology but it lacked being sincere or even concerned. After explaining the situation to him, he told us that they located the fryer used and had shut this off - we found very strange as we only just told him - not the waitress that it was found in a chip. Quick thinking on the managers part but clearly a lie showing no respect for either us as customers – loyal customers, or the gravity or the situation. We were told that because we were on a package that where was nothing they could do. We were not so much looking for compensation but for a sincere reaction and concern for health and safety.In the end we did not pay for the meal but I still feel very annoyed and disappointed with the way we were treated and the lack of response to the situation.	
Oct 29 2009 	My favourite London hotel...	Malmaison in Charterhouse Square is my favourite London hotel, no contest. Reasonably central and quiet location, you're really not that far from the hustle and bustle of central London. It's also right by Smithfield market which is always buzzing and there are loads of great bars and restaurants nearby too.Great staff, service, food and rooms make for a winning combination every time.	
Sep 7 2009 	I'm definitely going back!	This was my first time in a Malmaison hotel, and I was not disapointed.I arrived 2 hours early in order to leave my cases in reception however they were very accomodating and within minutes my room was ready for me. As it was my birthday they gave extra toiletries as a treat which was a nice touch!I spent the day relaxing in the room before my partner arrived which was lovely - a great flat screen tv, cd player, lovely bathroom, and great room.There were a few faults - the lightshade was broken and there was a rip in the bedsheet which were disapointing considering this is not a cheap hotel. However we ate in the hotel that night and this more than made up for it as the food was delicious!I would definitely want to go back!	
Aug 20 2009 	Paradise in London	The Malmaison London is a 2 minute walk from the Barbican tube station in Charthouse Square - a very quite part of london with a small park. The building itself is very old and historic. the staff at the hotel were very helpful and held our cases prior to check in and put them in our room for our arrival. The room was very big but unfortunaly the views was not too good. We had the sunday papers delivered the next morning. Unlike other Mal hotels there was no DVD player in the room, but on the whole, I would still visit again.	
Aug 12 2009 	An oasis in the city	Another great stay at this hotel. It's hard to believe you are in London - no hustle or bustle - look out over a small fenced park area. Lots of parking both opposite the hotel and around nearby streets. Near to tube stations. Great staff, fantastic breakfast. Will definitely stay again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Over rated not a credit to the other malmaisons	My Partner and I travelled to the UK for a three day midweek trip this August, we were eager to stay at the malmaison as we previously stayed in the liverpool one and it was unbelievabley enjoyable. However this was not to be in the london version. On arrival we found the girl at the desk to be very stand offish and almost rude. We instantly felt like an inconvienance! Not a nice feeling when we over budgeted ourselves to especially stay in this hotel. The room was nice, again not as nice as the mal in liverpool but it was clean and airy, a standard hotel room which in my opinion is over rated and over priced. The bathroom was clean nothing out of the ordinary again, and the bed was very comfortable. For the whole three nights we stayed there we felt like we were putting people out when we had to enquire about anything!! The only thing i have to give the hotel is the food was excellent in the restaurant and the staff in the restaurant were really nice!!! I wouldnt stay here again as i feel for what we paid for it we could get an equally nice hotel in the centre of london for what we paid here. Getting the tube in and out to the main city from this hotel was costly and time consuming.	
Aug 6 2009 	the mal does it again	Have just stayed at the Malmaison in Clerkenwell for work and was really impressed. The guy in reservations who made our booking was really helpful even checking with the general manager that they could do a special late deal for us. When we arrived, the check in was really friendly and efficient. We had been upgraded (without asking) to superior double rooms as we had to work in our rooms. The room was a great size with a huge bed. I had stayed at the Shaftesbury Metropolis Hyde Park the night before, having read good reviews about that on tripadvisor and the Mal surpassed it in every way for only just slightly more. The bathroom products were fab, as always, the bed as well as being huge was really comfy and lots of lovely touches like a bathrobe and cd player in the room. The breakfast was fabulous, loads of choice both continental and cooked - the eggs benedict was delicious. We have stayed in a number of Malmaison hotels and Hotel Du Vins before (with and without the dog) and have consistently had good service in a luxury hotel for a fair price. Highly recommended.	
Jul 31 2009 	just what we wantwd	Great location in the City of London next to Smithfield. Loads of things to see and places to eat locally - though it's hard to beat the Mal's own restaurant. Their Fresh and Local menu is fantastic value, though the cheese was all French on the night! The superior room was spacious and had everything we needed.	
Jul 29 2009 	Outstanding hotel and staff in an convenient location	Stayed at Mal London having been to others around the country and being a fan of their sister chain, Hotel du Vin. We booked on the Room/Dinner/Breakfast package in a standard room, which turned out to be excellent value. All were exceptional. Dinner in the lovely restaurant was from a set menu (which had more than enough options) but you could mix and match with a la carte at additional cost if you wanted to. The wine list is amazing if you know your vino but expect to pay top dollar for it. Hotel is located on Charterhouse Sq about 2 mins easy walk from Barbican tube station (Met/Circle/H&amp;C lines), so you can easily access most of central London in well under 30 mins. There are a handful of bars en route if you fancy getting out in the evening. We turned up 3 hours before check-in to ditch our bags for the day and were delighted to be given a room straight away - the staff were helpful all weekend. I can't recommend the place highly enough - it has become our new favourite base in London for our frequent visits.	
Jun 28 2009 	DOG FRIENDLY :-)	We've just had a great stay in this Malmaison with all the usual Mal perks and levels of comfort (have stayed in the Glasgow and Belfast ones before) but this was the first time we had traveled with our dog and what an enjoyable experience it was! We'd struggled to find a London hotel that was Pet Friendly* until someone mentioned the Malmaison chain - we'd just assumed that it was not going to be - and they came up trumps with lots of welcomes from the staff and a doggy bed in the room. Our dog even preferred the Mal bed to her own that we'd bought with us! Top marks :-)* We'd initially been looking at the Montague on the Gardens in Bloomsbury as it comes up on Google as Pet Friendly, which indeed it is, but they'd wanted £1000 returnable deposit which is crazy! We ended up paying a flat rate £10 per dog per visit at the Malmaison...	
Jun 21 2009 	Peaceful Oasis in the City	I stayed at the Malmaison for one night, with a friend, as part of the 'stay for £10 on a Sunday if you spend £75 in the brasserie' deal. As rooms generally run to around £240 per night this is a very attractive offer. Charterhouse Square is a beautiful, green and leafy oasis with easy access to the rest of London be it on foot - the Barbican is minutes away - or on the numerous buses and tube. Be aware that it is very quiet in this area on Saturday and Sunday's with a lot of the smaller eateries and shops closed as they cater to City workers. There's a Tesco Express on the corner nr Barbican Tube for drinks and snacks. Restaurants, such as Smiths of Smithfield, along Charterhouse St are open weekendsIf you want a different experience of London you are a couple of tube stops (to Liverpool St) or bus (153) to explore Spitalfields Market and the areas connections with the Huguenot Silk Weavers, Jack the Ripper and the Dennis Severs House. Plus trendy Hoxton &amp; Shoreditch. Or press on a bit further to the Geffrye Museum. We had a twin room, comfy beds and downy pillows, which was very spacious. There was a desk with a high speed internet connection (complimentary I believe) and WiFi in the hotel's public areas. Flat screen TV, CD player and small fridge in the room. You can request fresh milk to be delivered in the morning along with your morning newspaper. There's the usual tea/coffee/kettle combo. The windows open if you want some fresh air.Plenty of hot water in the bathroom with a bath and shower. Toiletries provided are a duel shampoo/shower gel, hair conditioner and small soap. Smelt like Molton Brown Yuan Zhi products in Malmaison 'spa' packaging.There's an iron, ironing board and safe in the wardrobe. The food in the restaurant was about 85% there and the service very attentive and friendly.They did charge me £35, after my departure, for two breakfasts we didn't actually partake of but did refund me without any argument. All in all a very pleasant hotel that would be perfect for trip away with the one you love as well as for anyone needing to be near the city without feeling they are in a concrete jungle.	
May 22 2009 	Covenient location chic design	Stayed at Malmaison for 4 nights on a business trip. The hotel is conveniently located in a quiet location in Charterhouse square nearest to the Barbican tube station. The interior of the hotel is dimly-lit but well-designed. Meanwhile the rooms (and bathrooms) are probably slightly larger than rooms of a similar price in other London hotels. Ameneties such as fridge, hair dryer, cd player, flat screen tv, iron and ironing board, tea/coffee set, safe, were all there. The food was exceptionally good both for breakfast and lunch. It appears that most of the people staying there were visiting London for business. Didn't have any problems with hotel service and they allowed a 3pm check out which was convenient as I had a late flight from Heathrow. Certainly recommended for business travelers.	
May 14 2009 	Marvellous position	I stayed at this Hotel with my husband for two nights to celebrate his birthday and we were extremely pleased with it. The reception staff were friendly and helpful, the room was very comfortable, with air con (unlike the Mal in Glasgow). Drinks etc were a very good price compared with usual London Hotels. The location was different, a bit away from the very centre but it had character, with a peaceful square just outside.Went to Club Gascon restaurant just round the corner, also v good (One Michelin star!)I would certainly return	
Apr 19 2009 	wonderful from start to finish	absolutely no complaints. lovely room and bathroom. great breakfast. great evening meal. very very helpful staff. nice decor. quiet area. building alot of character. modern and chic yet homely. reluctant to leave.	
Apr 18 2009 	Don't waste your money on the Square Suite	My new husband and I booked a 4 night stay in the Square Suite for our honeymoon. We paid £488 per night bed and breakfast inclusive of tax. We have stayed in other Malmaisons before and were very impressed which is why we were looking so forward to our stay in the Square Suite. We didn't expect anything but it was booked as our honeymoon so they were aware of that. Nothing was mentioned to us at check-in and there was not even a bottle of wine from them which I thought might have been a nice touch seen as we were paying almost £2000 for the room. The suite is mainly black with some purple cushions and ornaments etc. It could really do with refurbishment as the black wallpaper is all marked and scuffed and bits coming off in places. The suite in general looks tired. The lounge area has terrible views - looking onto a roof with large pipes. There is a plasma screen in the lounge and a large corner black suite with purple cushions. We were told when we booked, the walls were carpeted (they weren't). It's quite dingy on the whole with the wallpaper being being black etc. and I think we would have preferred a more spacious brighter suite. Personally I didn't like the way the suite was laid out. There was a tiny bathroom to the right as you came in the main door, which opened into the lounge area. Plasma screen in the lounge and DVD player. There was a corridor down to the bedroom which was only a double bed, not a king size or a super king (which we are used to at home). The bathroom had a large wooden bath and also had a plasma screen tv and double sinks (wooden also). There was no toilet in the bathroom, so it was quite a bit to walk in the night if you need the toilet. There was another plasma screen and a dvd player in the bedroom. There was no bathrobes and I had to ask and then I only got given one! They did not replace the toiletries and bottled water on some days. Also practically every time we arrived at our room from being out (which is on the 5th floor) the key never worked and we had to go back down in the lift to get it reset. This happened several times and became a pain in the end. I guess I sound like I am having a right moan but for £488 a night I was expecting it to be perfect and it wasn't. I have no complaints about the breakfast which was very nice and the staff were always polite and friendly. However we could have stayed in the Dorchester or another 5 star London hotel for half the price we paid for the Square Suite at the Malmaison. You live and learn!!	
Apr 16 2009 	Fantastic!	Highly recommend this hotel. Stayed here for 3 nights and could not find any fault. Check in was fast and the staff were very friendly and helpful full of information. Rooms were a good size and spotlessly clean. Food was excellent in the restaurant, they also had a good wine list and a great range of cocktails. Booked to go back again in June and we cant wait .	
Apr 10 2009 	MalMasion - Bad!	Stayed there on business recently., I have stayed in many london hotels, and this was very expensive in relation to what we get and other hotels in the centre. It tries hard to be trendy, but the rooms were small and pokey, and extremely warm. I needed to keep the window open throughout. Some things are good - like free internet - but little touches missing - like a face cloth to wash yourself or a dressing gown. Even though I was not paying - I felt ripped off, when I settled the bill. All my coleagues ranging from age from late twenties to early thirties were all pretty appaled. If you want young and trendy, but not caring about comfort and not used to travelling -0 then this is for you - otherwise, stay at the intercontinetal!	
Apr 6 2009 	Mal Life is pretty good!	I was lucky enough to win a prize of two night's dinner, B&amp;B in any Malmaison - I chose London. The hotel is in a quiet location yet really easy to get to and minutes on the tube from theatres, museums, shopping and all that London can offer. The staff at reception were helpful and friendly - with one exception. The staff in the Brasserie were attentive, relaxed, friendly and very efficient. The food in the Brasserie was also of a very high standard. Our room was on the 6th floor at the back - quiet, very clean, very comfortable. This has to be the best hotel I have stayed in and the subtle, homely but stylish ambience was unexpected in a London hotel. Yes I won this as a prize but I enjoyed Mal life so much, I plan to go back for more!	
Feb 24 2009 	great London find!	We have stayed in many hotels in London, mostly Hiltons (as i am a gold card holder) but this one is a real find. It is in a really good area for bars and restaurants (SOS is around the corner and has a wonderful breakfast and lunch). The hotel itself, like all Malmaison hotels, has something just that bit different about it. It is quite dark inside, with those deep purple and reds. The hotel is located on a square with a gated park in the Middle. The hotel itself is quite quiet (ask for a back or side room if you want really quiet). The rooms do range in size but if you get the ones that say 'space to chill out', then the rooms will be a good size. Other ones are smaller but all the Mal perks are there. Very sleek. The hotel staff are great. Also an added perk is if you fly in to London Luton, get off at Farringdon Station, one stop before St Pacreas, and you are within a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Bar downstairs is quite nice but as is usual with hotel bars, pricey. Still there are tons of places to eat and drink within steps of the hotel. Highly recommend this place. Also, a hint, book on line with the hotel but try to wait until as close to the date you are travelling. You will find that starting on the Monday of the week you are looking to stay, the rates do go down with availability. So we were able to get a room for between £99-119, which was £155 the week before. Worth it.	
Nov 29 2008 	Lovely room in Great Location	We stayed at the hotel for one night last weekend. Although we live in London, I had booked a meal at the nearby Smith's of Smithfield's (great restaurant by the way) for my partner's birthday and thought it would be nice to book a romantic stay in a nearby hotel. We weren't dissapointed. We stayed in a superior double room overlooking charterhouse square, which was a good size for a London hotel, nicely decorated and spotlessly clean. With a huge Kingsize bed and good sized lounge area. The bathroom was nothing spectacular, but again, tastefully decorated with a comfy, deep bath and decent shower. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I booked the room directly with the hotel on the day before my stay. As it was the weekend and a late booking the room was £195 (usual rate £260). Not cheap, but pretty reasonable compared to other London hotels.It's true that the hotel is not particularly close to the west End and London's main attractions, but it's only a couple of minutes walk from Barbican station and this area of London is lovely, with lot's of great bars and restaurants and the Barbican Centre and Museum of London right on the doorstep.All in all a very nice hotel in a lovely spot. I'd definately stay again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Secret little treasure.....	Stayed one night at the Mal with a friend as a weekend of pampering stopover. Great area with lots of bars and energetic nightlife. A real little hideway that feels outside of London.Would definitely stay there for a little romantic getaway next time. Food in the restaurant was fantastic as was the wine list and the cocktails. Room (premium suite) was spacious and clean and had the same atmospheric feeling as the rest of the hotel. Big bath, lovely big stereo and TV, a lounging area, etc. My only regret is that I could not stay longer!	
Nov 14 2008 	Quirky kind of place	I was on Business in London for one day and the people I was meeting reccomended this place as it was very close to their office. The hotel is kind of funky. It was very dark in the lobby, kind of all black and deep red. The staff were pleasantThe room I had was very small and very warm. I couldnt seem to control the temperature so I found it somewhat uncomfortable.The bathroom was clean and modern and very small. The bed was reasonably comfortable but the heat made it difficult to sleep. The room had an old small tube style tv, (looked like something you might buy at a yard sale for $5.00)I had a decent english breakfast in the restaurant.I paid about $400.00 Cdn to stay here. The location was good becuase of my business trip but I probably would go for a little more luxury next time. I think this hotel would appeal to a younger traveller.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great stylish hotel with friendly staff	I stayed at the Malmaison for two nights when on business in London. Location wise the Malmaison was not perfectly located to get to where I was going on business but a friend of mine convinced me that it was worth the longer trip to the office and I can't say I was disappointed.The Malmaison is located by the quiet Charterhouse square, near Barbican (not too far from the tube station). The staff was very friendly when I checked in and I at once felt welcome. The room was rather larger, with a nice comfortable bed. The decor in the room as well as the hotel in general is the typical &quot;Malmaison style&quot; stylish using a lot of color. I really like it but not everyone does so if you're uncertain have a look at their website to see if it is to your liking.There is an excellent bar where they make fabulous drinks and the food in the restaurant is also very good. There is also a nice pub next door (the Fox and Badger) which is owned and operated by Malmaison. They do actually also have a few rooms where one can stay - haven't tried that yet but the pub offers good food and a nice atmosphere.	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved it!	I stayed here with my wife on Saturday night and we loved the hotel. We booked via laterooms a week in advance and got a double room for £150. The hotel's located in a very peaceful square not far from Smithfield market, although i'm guessing it's probably not quite so peaceful during the week when the market's on. We were pleasantly surprised by the size of our room, it was far from massive but this is London and it was very reasonably sized considering. Plus it was the cheapest rate that they have so I'm sure there's plenty of bigger rooms if you're prepared to pay more. The beds were quite hard but still very comfortable and we both slept well. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did have a nightcap and the staff were friendly and the bar was reasonably busy for midnight on a Saturday.We'd normally stay at The Hoxton when we're in London but that was full and this was a very good alternative. We thought it was reasonable value for a London hotel with above average sized rooms and a lovely character.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved Malmaison!	I stayed at Malmaison London for 5 nights this month. I agonized over which hotel to stay in and ultimately chose Malmaison based on their website and proximity to the business I was conducting. I was not dissapointed! The hotel was beautiful and my room (a superior double) was huge! Everything was spotless and well apointed. The soaking tub was fantastic!The food was delicious (both in the restaurant and room service).Please note that the hotel is located in &quot;The City&quot;, so it is a good 15-20 minute cabride to the main tourist attractions. The hotel is located near Barbican and Faringdon tube stations so I reccomend taking the train everywhere. I would definitely reccomend!	
May 15 2008 	Disappointingly average not recommended	My husband and I chose this hotel as part of a break for our wedding anniversary as we thought it would be special and a bit different to other hotels. We were wrong.It's definately not worth the money - it is a very average hotel and we were disappointed. The reception area is okay, staff are not very friendly, the rooms are small and the beds hard as wood. Breakfasts are quite nice and close by the hotel there are a lot of nice restaurants and bars.This hotel is definatley not worth the price it charges. We have stayed in far nicer hotels in London for a lot less money and with better amenities eg a pool.	
May 6 2008	Fabulous hotel	This is a fantastic hotel - beautiful bedroom and bathroon all spotless and well maintained. Reception staff really polite and helpful - very easy check in Breakfast was fantastic - lots of choice - try the bar in the evening and go for the cocktail menu - the Mal Mule is gorgeous A wonderful place to stay - sit back, relax and see how a top London hotel is run. 5 stars to the Malmaison !!!	
Apr 12 2008 	Hot Water???!!!	We stayed at the Malmaison for one night in a standard double room for my partners birthday.Our rate included accomodation, 3 course dinner and breakfast.The room was lovely, a large bed which was comfortable. We had switched the air con off before going to sleep and woke up at 4am gasping for a drink and boiling hot. So we had to switch it back on again.We had a problem with the hot water in the bath. There is a note to say if you want the water really hot to switch the safety button off. I did this but sadly only gave us a luke warm bath. In the end we had run 3 baths and I was starting to feel a little guilty about all the water. Then when using the sink boiling water was coming out when it should of been cold.We had a drink in the bar before dinner, we sadly asked the French barman the time, to which he looked at us in disgust and it seemed reluctantly, gave us the answer.We then had a lovely meal in the restaurant and the food was brilliant as were the wait staff. Very polite and friendly. The sommelier was very nice and kept our glasses topped up all through out.We had breakfast early in the morning and the choice was fantastic. We would recommend paying for this if it is not included in your stay.On checking out i thought the bill was a bit much but didn't check this until I got home. On checking it they had charged us for dinner although this was already included in our rate.On calling the hotel to question this I was told the £75 would be refunded! Over all a really nice stay, we would stay again, none of the issues would really put us off and would gladly try other Malmaisons.	
Apr 8 2008 	Good location and could be a great hotel	Stayed at the Malmaison London for 2 nights. It is in a great location and lovely building. Checking in was fast and the lady was very helpfull. Room was small but seemed clean, it had no information pack so had to ring down to reception for some more info about things. We ate in the restaurant the first night the bar was nice and the service was ok but we had to wait for a table even though we had booked. The food was average and there is a cold breeze that comes from the main doors upstairs were people are smoking and the auto doors are open all the time, lots of people were asking to be moved. Breakfast is well worth having and the service is great much better than the evening staff. Cleaner didnt do much to our room just about managed to make the bed i was disappointed by this and it seemed very rushed.Overall it is a good hotel but for the price they need to make sure the service is much better. I would not go back again.	
Dec 5 2007 	Mal'ard!	First time in the London branch of this classy UK chain. I know London pretty well, but was delighted to find this lovely building in Charterhouse Square, near the Barbican and Smithfields, a very nice, quiet (for the heart of the city) enclave. The lobby is typical &quot;none more black&quot; Malmaison, I find their subtle lighting policy a little too close to &quot;we've had a power cut and we've got the candles out&quot;, but maybe that's just me. Very friendly reception staff. The room was on the cosy side, but hey this is the city of London, you aren't gonna get wildebeest grazing in your bathroom. The room was spotless clean, and has the usual Mal touches - JVC stereo, wifi access, big enough telly, proper coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board, fluffy towels. I find their rooms a bit on the warm side (it was mild in London for December) but I found a happy balance when I opened the window. Smashing powerful shower in a big bath, had all taps running so I could pretend I was in a submarine that had been hit. It's 250 quid a night, so it isn't the cheapest bed in London; but I arrived there in a good mood and I left in an even better one; so they must be doing something right. A note to the Mal team if they read these - can I suggest iPod sound docks for the rooms?	
Oct 4 2007 	weekend getaway for a wedding fayre x	THIS HOTEL IS WONDERFUL. From the minute we walked in the welcome was pure mal, on par with the others i have stayed in in Birmingham , Manchester and Edinburgh. This is really the greatest chain on earth. THe only slight negative was the size of the room, but as this is London you come to expect this as with any city . Bathroom was lovely, exceptionally clean and tidy and complimentary extras were lovely, liked the new conditioner, a nice touch as i think that this was not available when i last stayed at a 'mal'. Would go again in an instant. Worth every penny. Bar staff were really nice, and in the eaterie they went out of their way to make sure breakfast was 100%. FAb!	
Sep 26 2007 	Nice stay in a nica location	I got treated to night out in London and we stayed at the Malmaison. Quite expensive (£180 for a room) but perhaps it is just the London prices. Our room was nice and clean but small (I guess, typical in London again). The front desk staff were very helpful ordering us taxis and giving us maps of the local area. The bar downstairs lacked a bit of atmosphere and was quite expensive, I think the cocktail I had was almost 8 pounds (but it was nice!). I've been to a few Malmaison hotel before and I like this chain. It's a shame they haven't hooked up with an airline partner who with you can earn frequent flyer miles.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great place.	I haven't been able to write a review for a while on the places I have stayed in because I have been so busy.No offence but I hate having to go to London, it is a bit like Leeds but no grass, sorry Londoners no offence.However; this hotel changed my mind, from the greeting on arrival to the thank you for staying. I can honestly say I had a perfect stay, the brasserie service and menu was excellent and very good value. Will be back.	
Aug 30 2007 	Thoroughly Enjoyable Experience	We felt thoroughly spoilt from the moment we entered the Malmaison. The staff were certainly extremely pleasant, helpful and charming. The room was large and tastefully decorated. Dinner was a delightful experience with every member of staff working hard to make our stay and meal an experience to remember, which it definitely was!	
Aug 20 2007	Nice hotel - shame about the Sommelier!	One of the nicest things about Malmaison is its location: Charterhouse Square is absolutely lovely, quiet and atmospheric. Our room was very nice, a good size, tastefully decorated with large windows looking over the wonderful square. We had cocktails in the bar before dinner which were great, we also had a delicious meal in the restaurant which was almost spoiled by one thing: THE SOMELLIER. Oh dear, what a place like Malmaison is doing employing somebody as awful as him is beyond me. We found him bullying, sarcastic and downright rude. I expect the somellier to provide help and advice when it's asked for, i don't expect our wine choices to be sneered at and i don't expct to be made to feel uncomfortable. He would not turn me off of eating at the restaurant again as it's a really nice place, but perhaps if i came across the same thing again i'd have a word with the manager...	
Aug 19 2007 	Can't fault Malmaison	We stayed at the Malmaison London on Saturday night as we had a table booked at 'The Ivy' (which was brilliant by the way).Anyway we were aware that the hotel wasn't very central,but having stayed in Malmaison Oxford we knew that staying at a Malmaison hotel we wouldn't have any problems.It didn't let us down.The hotel is very clean &amp; trendy.The room is very spacious with everything you need &amp; a huge bed &amp; bathroom.I see from other reviews that people said the beds were hard.Well we didn't have any problems &amp; had a great nights sleep.The hotel staff &amp; checking in was excellent &amp; there is a lovely bar downstairs &amp; the barstaff were great.I can't comment on the food because we ate out.Although the hotel isn't central.its a 2 minute walk from Barbican tube station,so 5 minutes from central London.I can't fault the hotel &amp; wouldn't hesitate to stay there again next time we're in London.	
May 13 2007 	ok but not near as nice as malmaison Belfast	I recently stayed in Malmaison London. turned up to check in at 2 and was told i can not check in for at least another hour.... (check in time is 2) we needed to be somewhere for 3 so we needed our room so we could shower etc... after talking to the receptionist we told us our room would be ready in 10 mins, she told us to take a seat and wait. (no complementary drinks were offered !!!) finally we got into our room after 20 mins waiting. Room was only ok. very small and not at all up to the same standard as malmaison Belfast, the room was no clean, furniture was dirty scratched. it is in a nice area though. overall this hotel is not worth the money they charge. I stay quite alot with malmaison but will def not be staying with them next time i visit London.	
May 8 2007 	Good for City business stay	I stayed at Malmaison for two nights while on business in the City area. The rooms are small but modern and fairly well appointed. The bed was comfortable for one, but I wouldn't want to share it with another person. My room was dark and very quiet which was fine since all I did was sleep there. The location was great for walking to City offices. It's also close to some tourist attractions (St. Paul's etc.). The decor of the lobby is pretty amusing (faux alligator on the reception desk, etc.). I didn't check out room service, the restaurant, the bar, etc., as the hotel is well positioned for visitors to eat at the many good restaurants in the area. The hotel is situated on the back of a small square and even my black cab drivers had a little trouble finding it.	
Mar 30 2007	Top notch but you'll pay for it	Stayed here quite a few times but only just got around to reviewing it.Location wise, it's well placed in Farringdon, just around the corner from Barbican and Farringdon tunes and near various nice places like the Barbican. It is central London, but perhaps might not be the right area of the city for everyone, so if you're not from London it might be worth checking out it's near where you want to be, although it is near the Tube.Rooms are typical Malmaison, absolutely stunning inside, very modern, very cool. If you've stayed in one before, you'll know what to expect. Otherwise, you're in for a treat, but there are two things to bear in mind. Firstly, the beds are pretty hard - as they are in all Mals. I love them, but not everyone will feel the same. Secondly, the rooms are somewhat on the small size by Mal standards. This isn't a problem for me, as I don't spend a lot of time in them, and they're more than comfortable when retiring from a day in the city, but if you're planning to spend a lot of time in your room, you should perhaps look towards a hotel with more spacious enclaves.Lovely bars, good food, good service, generally a very polished hotel experience, but you will pay for it. When I stay here, the bill fortunatley isn't on me, but I still feel the need to point out that as lovely as it is, it perhaps doesn't represent amazing value for money, and if it was my own cash, I'd probably shop about to see what else I could get for the same price, or perhaps I'd slum it in the Travelodge Farringdon for £50 and keep the £200 change. Food for thought!	
Feb 5 2007 	Great hotel!	I stayed at the Malmaison in London for one night in January 2007. I wasn't sure what to expect having already stayed at Malmaison in Newcastle, Manchester and Leeds and reading reviews that implied that London might not live up to the others - I was very pleasantly surprised!The hotel is in a quiet, picturesque square within a short taxi-ride or one tube stop from Kings Cross station.The room was of a standard London hotel size and still seemed new - there was none of the wear and tear that there now is in some of the other Malmaisons. The bathroom wasn't huge but was well equipped and felt very contemporary. We had a problem with our toilet flushing continuously but we rang the front desk and within 20 minutes this had been sorted.The entrance lobby is quite dramatic and doubles as a champagne bar, whilst the decor of the rooms is just like all other Malmaisons - very modern and stylish.All the staff we met were extremely pleasant - the guy who fixed our toilet was also serving breakfast the next morning and he was extremely friendly and efficient. The food was also good - we had a room service snack late at night and then the full breakfast the next morning and both were great. We also drank in the bar on the lower ground floor until late and found that to be really atmospheric and cosy.Incidentally we found the bed extremely comfortable, unlike some of the other reviewers on here - I guess it all depends on personal taste!All in all we thought it was excellent value for money in London and would definitely stay there again next time we visit.	
Jan 30 2007	Very good!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Malmaison London for a two night city break. The location was excellent, as it was a short walk from both St Paul's and the Tate Modern which we wanted to visit.I found the check in staff to be very helpful, and the same goes for the bar staff when we had problems with the wireless internet connection. Room service was a little slow in arriving (and we had to give them a gentle reminder), but on the whole service was good.The only bad thing about the stay was that the bed was very hard, and both of us suffered from an aching back as a result!Overall I would recommend this hotel (very good deals on Superbreak.com) providing that you have no problems with your back or if you like a very hard bed.	
Dec 28 2006 	Stylish hotel but service appauling!	We stayed here on the weekend of Oxford street being closed to pediatrians. We knew it was a little way out but this didn't matter as it is really close to a tube station. The hotel was nice but I was a little disappointed as having stayed in a Hotel du vin (sister company) we expected a similar standard but unfortunately this was not to be. The real problem as previously mentioned was the service in the restaurant, we didn't have an evening meal there just breakfast which is not cheap at £18. The buffet has a good array however but we had to ask for the juice to be replenished and also for bowls, there just didn't seem to be anyone designated to any particular area or table for that matter as we waited over 25mins for someone to take our order, and then had to ask 3 times for toast which was apparently 'on its' way!' When our breakfast did arrive it was cold, well luke warm, this was the final straw for my husband who sent it back. The manager did however come over and apologise and very graciously didn't charge us for the breakfast, this seems to be an ongoing problem though based on previous reviews. It has potential but needs a kick up the bottom!!	
Nov 24 2006 	Return visit shows great improvements	I've written a previous review of Malmaison London, in which I extolled its possibilities but lamented its shortcomings, based on a stay only months after the property had opened. Business took me back to this part of London in November 2006, so I decided to give it another try. I'm very glad I did! Many of the quirks seem to have been ironed out, operation of the hotel was much more professional, the staff more knowledgeable and helpful, with no traces of the previous &quot;attitude&quot;. The installation of a champagne bar in the small but stylish lobby is a welcome addition. The rooms, while still on the small side, feel more spacious due to a fresher color scheme (or maybe it was just that I had a room on a high floor overlooking the charming park on Charterhouse Square, which gave us sun-drenched mornings). Although there are still no drawers for clothing, there is now adequate closet space, and even a suitcase caddy in the room. As in all UK properties, complimentary tea-making facilities &amp; supplies are provided, and the option to order fresh milk to be left at your door, gratis, each morning was a nice touch. The bathrooms are wonderful, spacious enough with great showers, stylish black &amp; white with dramatic spotlighting, very big &amp; fluffy towels, and the best soaps &amp; shampoo, in generous sizes. Bed linens are luxurious, beds quite comfortable. Room decor is sleek. Free high-speed internet access is provided in the rooms. Breakfast is excellent and filling (though pricey, if not included in your room rate), and the restaurant consistently turns out good fare at both lunch and dinner. The location is a little off the usual tourist track in London, but at a 3-minute walk from the Barbican tube station (and from the Barbican concert hall complex), it's very easy to get to any point within central London. And the immediate area around Malmaison is interesting and fun, with some good restaurants, excellent wine bars, tapas places, etc not to mention a pleasant walk to St Paul's Cathedral, the Tower of London, etc. St Johns Priory Church &amp; ancient St Johns Gate are just around the corner. Best of all, this edge of the bustling City section of London quiets down at night, so it's possible to get a good night's sleep without having to resort to earplugs.Requests of staff were fulfilled quickly and professionally, including taxis to different locations at different (early morning) times for both myself and my husband on the morning we checked out; in both cases, we were phoned in our room 5 minutes ahead of the appointed time, to be told that the taxi had arrived. A request for a plug adaptor shortly after we checked in was fulfilled within 2 minutes of the request being phoned down to reception.We will definitely return to the Malmaison next time we're in London -- even if our business appointments aren't in that part of the city!	
Nov 17 2006 	Modern hotel in a private square - Great for city business	I stay at this hotel regularly for work (office down Aldersgate Street) and when I am down in the city for work it is my first choice. It isn't a tourist hotel but it isn't a conference venue either - rather the usual resident will be a businessman working in the city for a day or two and wanting a nice modern place to stay with a few comforts.It is easily reached by Tube (Barbican Tube is round the corner - direct link to eg Euston Square - 10 mins)It is in a great location for those down in London for work. It is 5/10 minutes walk from the main parts of the city, and is also in walking distance of St Pauls Cathedral.On the other hand, it is also close to Smithfield market (literally round the corner), located in a private square (Charterhouse Square) which means that it isn't actually on the main road making for a nice quiet night's sleep. I'm told that Friday evenings around the Market can be more lively, and the market area is quite bustling soemtimes, but I've never been disturbed by it .The rooms are very comfy and are done out in a typical Malmaison style. The beds are large (though some may find them soft). A hint : make sure they dont give you one of the rooms made out for wheelchair users - they are not great for the able bodied (eg the shower head is far too low for anyone above 5 ft tall). Also the rooms facing the Square have a much more pleasant outlook.Breakfast is very good - and if you have it in your room, it arrives in a very nicely presented wooden tray exactly when you ordered it (doubtless to meet the time conscious businessman's needs!). Bathrooms are very nicely presented with huge tubs of shower gel etc for you to take away. All in all - a great stay for business. If you are looking for a tourist hotel, you're best going eslewhere - it isn't geared up for that.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great alternative to traditional tourist hotels	I liked the MalMaison. We were there on business and so the distance from major tourist attractions was a bonus - not overrun with &quot;happy snappers&quot;. We had a good sized room and lovely bathroom. The in-room wireless Internet was great, as was the audio/video. Complimentary water and in-room iron and iron board much appreciated. Quite relaxed and in quiet location for a London hotel, although close to good restaurants and lively bars around Farringdon and Clerkenwell. Would readily stay there again.	
Oct 15 2006 	Peaceful Location but lively area	Stayed here for 3 nights on business/pleasure. I'm a fan of the chain and I was impressed by initial impressions, especially the ancient and quiet location - unexpected only a few dozen yards from London's meat market. The square its in is closed at night so no traffic.The big letdown was the poor service at meals. Something was going wrong between the waiting and kitchen staff. As a party of twelve, the soup was produced and then we waited 10 minutes for the pate to arrive. So the soup was cold. Fillet steaks got mixed up - they couldn't tell which was well done and which was rare. No plates at breakfast. Things like that indicate sloppy management in that area.On the plus side, the internet access was easy to use - plug and play/work. I also like having an ironing board and iron in the room.	
Aug 27 2006 	Stylish	Consistently excellent - stylish modern design throughout, efficient staff, wonderful breakfast (good buffet, plenty of healthy options &amp; an excellent cooked menu). Excellent location, minutes from the Barbican tube station, two stops from Kings Cross, which makes it easy to get to the West End and 10 minutes walk from St. Pauls &amp; Tate Modern. My only gripe would be the variety of room sizes, which can range from large to quite cramped. I wouldn't pay the hotel tariff, which is very high &amp; doesn't include breakfast, but if you can get it for a reasonable price (Superbreak - £220 for 2 nights B&amp;B - less 10% if you book with a Shell Visa card!), I don't believe it can be beaten for quality and is better than many 'so-called' 5 star hotels.	
Aug 9 2006 	Wow!	I couldn't disagree more with the last review, the Mal is fab!The food is excellent, the staff wonderful, yes a few a young, but helpful, smiley and nothing is too much trouble. Did not look down on anybody.Can't wait to go back, if i get a chance, but ask for a front room as the view over the square is fab!	
Aug 4 2006	cant be more neutral about a hotel	i stayed at malmaison for about 45 nights over a period of 3 months apr to june 2006 as a business traveller.the good :1) rooms are spacious comaped to london standards and being a relatively new hotel the furnishings are still not too worn down2) very close to the farringdon and barbican tube station and fairly close to st. pauls as well so good tube connectivity3) free broad band (not wire - less though :(the bad:1) some of the senior staff on the counter etc. are very hoity toity, since the hotel is frequented by the local celebrities, they kind of look down upon business travellers ,esp asian ones.2) they say the toiletries are free for customers to take, but personally i found the toiletries to be substandard and no range (only soap, liquid soap, body cream, bath oil provided)3) gym has a tread mill, an ellptical trainer and a stepper and a very small area to stretch, a dumbell rack with 10kg being the larget dumbell, very small and very cramped4) food very average, pricing not too high, nothing great around the place as well5) small little lobby, might have been classy when constructed but now with wear and tear doesnt feel comfortable to lounge around in, so back at the hotel , other than a little bar downstairs there is nothing one can do outside the room.6) for a chain hotel, no loyalty rewards etc. :(, if they want to attract frequent travellers they dont show it in any way7) one has to bring the laundry down to the reception8) no views from the rooms, the ones in the front aleast have two windows, ones to the back have only a one little window9) corporate rate 175 usual rate about 195, fairly expensive for a 3 start hotel with no facilties and an average restaurant !!10) the staff primarily consists of un-trained or on the job trained eastern european kids, dont have concept of service ingrained in them, so there is no uniformity of service	
Jul 18 2006	Great hotel	Lovely hotel, with great rooms and a firm but comfortable bed. Away from main tourist haunts but great for night out in Islington (less than 10mins on bus from stop 2mins from hotel) and and the City, Barbican underground also just 2mins walk.	
Jun 12 2006 	Good hotel for business travellers	Excellent location for business travellers (if you have to work in the City that is), not so for the normal tourists, because you're far from everything. Very stilish hotel, nice lobby, small rooms, friendly staff, Charterhouse square is absolutely stunning, not cheap at 200 pounds per night, good restaurant. I confirm other reviews: beds are too firm for a confortable sleep.	
May 27 2006	Most uncomfortable bed I 've ever (tried) to sleep on	This is indeed a very stylish hotel. The lobby is great the rooms good but oh dear, when we retired at the end of the evening the bed was like sleeping on hardboard. Everything else was great about the place (except for the bad tv and radio reception) but the terrible bed meant I would not return. Also, except for the Barbican it's not near anywhere.	
May 23 2006	London Wall	Stayed here as a business traveller. Nice room. Nice bathroom. Terrible view (I was on the first floor at the back facing a wall). Friendly and efficient staff - check in and check out were painless.	
Apr 30 2006	Great London Hotel	We stayed in the Malmaison the weekend of the London Marathon- Its set in a Nice and quiet Square just 2 minute walk from the Barbican Tube station. We booked the stay through Superbreaks which was cheaper than the malmaison Direct- which incuded free breakfast!- All the staff we really helpfull when we asked where the best places to eat/drink were and even tried thier best to help us out using the plug and play broadband!The Hotel itself was beautiful- the rooms were a little bit smaller than your normal standard malmaison but i guess we expected that with it being in London. On our way back to the hotel one evening we even got a chance to see a film in the making they were using part of the square as a film set and covered it with fake snow- was something really cool and extra!.Would recommend staying and we will definately be using the hotel again next year!!	
Mar 28 2006	Great location but not as good as the other Mals..	Great Malmaison Hotel (as they all seem to be), however if you've stayed at the others in the chain this one is not quite a good in terms of service and also room quality.Rooms are quite a bit smaller than usual (as you would expect in London), but i felt the furnishings weren't quite as top quality as others either - the curtains and wallcoverings etc didnt have the same luxury look/feel to them. The bar is also tiny - if there's more than 2 of you, your better off going into the Smithfields Market area for a drink.Have just stayed at the Threadneedles Hotel in the city - better rooms/service at the same price! Think my loyalty to Malmaison might just have been wobbled a bit. But it's still the best in Manchester, Leeds, Birmingham as far as i'm concerned.	
Mar 2 2006 	Excellent hotel	Fantastic hotel, great rooms, wonderful location for work during the week and nice and quiet at the weekends. Sleek, modern and contemporary. The rooms are not particularly cheap but neither are they ridiculously expensive.	
Jan 27 2006 	What a fantastic Hotel	What a great place to stay, almost didn't want to see the rest of London... but I did.Let's just start with the fact that the bathroom is amazing. I now need to remodel mine. Not a huge bathroom, but what a sexy design. Also, they give you the largest hotel-sized soap and lotions that I've ever seen, must be 100 mL (which is probably 5 or 6 times the size of other places). I took mine home!!!The room is a good size with ample closet space, guess they think you'll stay about 2 weeks. I had a king-sized bed, full of pillows and a warm duvet. Free Internet access but you get what you pay for, the connection was spotty at times.The only real negative comment is how perky the front desk staff are. They are pleasantly delightful even at 8:00 am, when I could barely even keep my eyes open. (let's blame that on Jetlag, ok??) Do you really need to say good morning to everyone????I thought the price was right for a business class hotel in London, but thank-gawd work paid for it, 'cause at 200 Pounds a night, it's not cheap. However, well worth it in the end. I can't wait for my next trip back to London, just to stay here again.	
Dec 1 2005	Malmaison - one bad house hotel :) (that means it was good!)	I think the only criticism i have of this hotel is that it's really nowhere near anything. Located in a pleasant victorian-style mansion house, the hotel was only recently refurbished a couple of years ago. Staff here are friendly as they welcome you at the reception. And the room, although small, is still of a good quality. The bed was also a little hard - but they say that's good for your back. The bathroom was nice with a huge bath and shower - and the usual toiletries! Breakfast was a little disappointing - its only served until 10am - and they away ON THE DOT. Plus there are just bowls of cereal and fruit on the buffet selection - but it is inlcluded in the overall price. It sounds like I am knit-picking here, and I am - but that's what you focus one when you're paying more than £120 a night. The hotel was essentially as near as perfect. The rooms are warm and comfortable. Staff are friendly and the Barbican tube is located just around the corner. It just not really near anything touristy, although St. Pauls Cathederal is a short walk.	
Nov 4 2005	Excellent Room 318	We too sayed in Room 318, at the back of the hotel but with a great view over a quiet courtyard. We got a very good deal through Superbreak for a 3 night stay over the weekend so I assume 318 is a standard room. It was quite roomy enough with a lovely comfortable bed and large bathroom with bath and separate shower. The only slight downside was the breakfast. My husband chose the full english while I went for something lighter. Mine seemed freshly cooked but his looked as if it had been waiting around a while and had got a bit dry. Something to watch if you eat late at the weekend. But all in all a lovely hotel in a beautifully quiet location which is convenient for the City. And if you want to go out to eat we heartily recommend Fabrizio's in Hatton Garden which is a 15 minute walk away.	
Sep 22 2005 	OK but pricey	This hotel is slightly different to others in the same chain and probably reflects the city. The others have more soul. It's pricey but if you can manage to wing it on expenses then go for it. If I were paying myself I would feel I would spent a good deal of money on very little.	
Sep 19 2005	Very pleasant stay at Malmaison		
Jun 25 2005	Much Better this time!		
May 2 2005 	Great Hotel in a quiet location		
Mar 21 2005	Nice Hotel Service a let down		
Mar 16 2005	A lovely stay		
Dec 9 2004	Stylish hotel in a central and quiet location		
Oct 3 2004	superb		
May 15 2004	Malmaison hotel in London		
Mar 19 2004	Lovely Building Stylish Lobby Shame about the Room		
Feb 25 2004	Not bad - but not a patch on other Malmaison's!		
