	Rather lovely	I was on business and found myself in the Junior suite which was like having your own flat in London ! Spacious, clean, amazingly comfy as well. Food was good and the chef served lunch with pride, staff were so very friendly as well. Location is good with restaurants nearby, a stroll from the Tube station, and located in one of London's few surviving Georgian terraces too.	
Nov 21 2009 	A good hotel - if the price is right	We got a last minute booking here at a much reduced rate - we just needed a place in central London to sleep for a night.First-off we were offered a small, but pleasant room overlooking the garden, but my husband was concerned about security with a fire escape just outside the window, so we were quickly and efficiently given an alternative room.Well decorated and retaining the character of the original townhouse, the room was spacious with a luxurious feel. We returned form our night out in the early hours and had a really good night's sleep in the super comfy bed. The room was also well sound-proofed and had incredible black out curtains - could have done with a clock though, as had no idea if it was night or day!!Good-air-conditioning too made for a comfortable stay.	
Nov 10 2009 	I'll Never Go Back	We booked this Hotel just for one night on our way to California. As soon as we arrived, the concierge showed us a very nice room which was supposed it was ours, but no, he told us that we can stay in that room with an increase in the rate we chose....We obviously refused to stay and wanted the room with the rate we selected, and then they give us a room in the underground which smelt really bad. When we claimed and asked for another one, they told us they were full. Really bad service and really bad marketing for the Hotel as I use to travel a lot and stay in really nice hotels. Thank God we went out, had a great time with friends and forgot the incident as it was just one night, but I definitely won't back there.	
Nov 7 2009 	Terrible experience	I was supposed to stay several weeks, yet they gave me a very, very small room with a tiny half-closet, nowhere to store clothing and luggage. I asked if they had a bigger room, but they refused to give me a comparable corporate rate.I decided to check out. And that's when the morning staff kindly offered me a junior suite, which was perfect-- at the same rate I was paying. I changed rooms, quite happy.Well, that night, I get a call from the front desk, suddenly saying their staff had a &quot;misunderstanding&quot; with the manager, and that my rate would actually be almost 100 POUNDS PER NIGHT MORE than what they had offered me only that morning.How incredibly rude and unprofessional, and at a hotel that is hardly great, and right across the street from a noisy, shabby youth hostel!I checked out immediately, and headed for the Hotel Russell two blocks away-- which offered me a modern SUITE, for LESS than I paid for the tiny space at the Beauchamp.Much better, far nicer staff, zero hassle.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location friendly but kinda clueless service	Great location-- quiet street, right around the corner from the British Museum, walkable to the West End and Oxford Street, as well as the tube. Our room itself was very nice, and surprisingly large, although not what we were supposed to get-- was supposed to be two beds for three people (two adults and a child) but instead was one bed (very comfortable) and a pull-out sofa (could hardly have been more uncomfortable). Rooms were very clean, though, and attractively decorated. We were never able to get the internet to work, and people that were supposed to come to help us 'right away' only showed up an hour later or not at all, but at least they took it off our bill without a fuss. Breakfasts were a bit of a disaster-- did not get proper place settings, despite numerous visits from different wait staff (all very friendly, but looking a bit lost), half of the buffet was missing at any given time (no coffee one morning, no milk another, one croissant, etc.) Definitely not worth paying for, in any event, but in our case it was included. The dining area is sunny and pleasant, but there were obvious blank/nicked spots on the walls under spot lights where pictures must have previously been, so not sure what was going on. Overall the place is a winner for location, size of room, cleanliness, and the price (at least what we paid, which was off their website), just don't expect much in terms of service or breakfast (although again the staff are very friendly, so it was tolerable-- perhaps there were just a lot of new people?)	
Oct 17 2009 	A lovely treat	The Beauchamp is a cracking little hotel in a smart street lined with hotels from the same chain, around the corner from Holborn underground and opposite Bloomsbury Square Gardens where there is a secure carpark. ( That was an experience in itself, especially if you like classic cars). We stayed 2 nights and were initially in room 211 but the floors on the second floor are more than a little wonky and the bed was on a hill, so we moved to 301 which was HUGE! Had the biggest most comfy hotel bed I've stayed in and a fantastic bathroom with rainfall shower. Beware that you get a bed and breakfast rate though, we got caught out. The attractions are easily accessible from Holborn tube station and we somehow managed to spend 4 hours in the army museum and found a great french restaurant in Covent Garden, Chez Gerard. I fully recommend going to see War Horse at the New London theatre on Drury Lane too, even the Queen thought it was great.	
Sep 6 2009 	Lovely central hotel	stayed in room 302 which was a good size room with a lively bathroom. The staff were helpful , you can park right outside as well for free between 6.30 in the evening and 8.30 in the morning. 24 hours WIFI for a tenner which aint bad either	
Sep 1 2009 	Enjoyable	Relaxing weekend trip. Room was small, esp. with seemingly dozens of overstuffed pillows. Otherwise, clean and comfortable. Good location, close to subways and museum. At full price, probably not a good value, but ok if you can get a good discount.	
Aug 10 2009 	great value for money	i have stayed at the imperial hotels at russel square for the same rate and i would rate the beauchamp(part of the grange hotels)way above..pros-great location ona quiet side street from russel sq(10 min walk from tube stop),modern room with wifi access(for a charge),tea/coffee maker,fresh towels and good complimentary continental breakfast...the cons-small queen(does not fit a six footer lenghwise) and shower head too close to end of bathtub wherein u have to almost stick to the wall to get ure head under the shower...but at 100pds a night for a double i think its a bargain for london n will def stay there again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Not worth the money	We were winding up a long European trip and decided to splurge on the Beauchamp at 240 GBP. We know the area well and were interested to see what they did with renovations. Huge disappointment -- the shower tap did not adjust without extreme force (as demonstrated by the attendant), the toilet handle was broken, and towels were not clean. Really appalling overall. We also have bug bites that we did not have prior to our arrival which makes me wonder if they allow dogs in this room (a basement room whose location was right next to the cellar where staff were getting bottles). Save your money and go to one of the other local places.	
Jun 28 2009 	Pleasant hotel in convenient location	This was my second stay here, both times only for one night stopover before catching the Eurostar. Good location, within walking distance of Kings Cross/St Pancras (1/2 hour with backpack). Room was clean and modern if a bit on the small side. Felt it was fine for one night but maybe a bit too small for a longer stay. I also found the bed rather small and I am only 5'4&quot;. Continental breakfast was included in the price (£69) and service was good. I had to pay on check-in but didn't have a problem with this. Receptionist also asked if she could charge £50 to my credit card incase I wanted to charge anything to my room. I said no thanks, would pay cash on check-out. I will certainly stay here again next time I am passing through.	
Jun 21 2009 	We would have enjoyed it had we actually been given a room	We booked the hotel through Laterooms and were looking forward to the stay having read the reviews. Sadly on arrival we were told that &quot;due to a maintenance issue&quot; we would have to be relocated to the nearby sister hotel, Grange White Hall Hotel which frankly was dated and tired. Annoyingly another couple that arrived at the Beauchamp almost at the same time as us were offered a room straightaway which leads me to believe that this only happens when rooms are bought at discounted rates. As we finally were offered a room at the sister hotel that we were had to accept given it was getting late and we were missing our eveing in London, we noticed other people were being sent from The Beauchamp with similar problems. Frankly I dont believe there was a maintenance issue but more likely that they could fill rooms at a greater rate. we were not happy as I had read Tripadvisor reviews and was happy but obviously knew nothing about the replacement hotel offered!	
May 31 2009 	Gorgeous hotel amazing location!	We stayed here for two nights over the weekend and it was just perfect! The check in was smooth and we had a free upgrade to a room overlooking the gardens (room 307). The room itself was a little small, but had everything you could need. Huge comfy bed, lots or wardrobe space, a safe, tea and coffee, a great bathroom with a bath and shower, widescreen LCD TV with loads of channels and lots more besides.We had a complimentary continental breakfast on the first day, which was OK. I wouldn't have paid the £16 charge for it, put it that way! One other hing is that the breakfast room was quite small and a bit stuffy. I felt we couldn't talk too loud as it was so small and quiet in there!The hotel is on the same road as many of the other hotels in The Grange group (The Clarendon, The Buckingham....) and is in such a superb location. I'd say that for the price, it was the best location we've ever had in a London hotel.. Minutes from lots of shops, bars and restaurants and about a 10 minute walk to the nearest tube stations.Just an idea - When you do check in, it would be advisable to ask for a room with a garden view as some face the street and some are even in the basement. I don't think these would be nearly as pleasant.	
May 2 2009 	Impressive hotel - just some minor service issues	Checked in quite late in the evening and my business had booked a superior room(this is the hotels lowest category) - the room was small, in fact very compact indeed. I was impressed by the smal plasma TV screen and the room was welcoming and very comfortable. I ordered room service for dinner and this arrived quickly though was pretty poor - the staff did not speak English well and after finishing I placed my tray outside the door where it remained until the next morning.Breakfast also in the room was good and well presented - though I had no cup/mug for my coffeee but not a major issue as just used the one in the room. The views onto the gardens at the back of the hotel was a luxury in London - slept well as the hotel is in a quiet location - most hotels in London suffer from the traffic noise and it was refreshing this one didn't,.On checking out the Manager was present making sure all was in order and asked about your stay - she seemed to really care all went well. I stayed on a quiet night I think, the restaurant and bar were empty and it was very quiet indeed throughout. The rooms were great, just a bit small for me though I would certainly stay again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Stunning hotel and a wonderful break	I booked a room online through their website, finding the location perfect, for a romantic weekend with my boyfriend. I arrived and was given a complimentary upgrade to an executive suite. the room was secluded and had a gorgeous garden view. The service was friendly and on time. Before booking the hotel, i read all the reviews on this website and others and that is why i decided to write one too, and say that it was a wonderful experience and i would recommend it to others. The area is by the british museum, the russel square park, waitrose and the renoir cinema- which shows movies that I like, not the usual commercial choice. covent garden and leicester square are in walking distance. I even popped down to oxford street for some shopping.I would highly recommend this hotel, I have stayed in many hotels in london, from the hilton on park lane- which is wonderful but pricey, to the small and not so pleasant hotels in paddington and decided that the beauchamp is the perfect hotel. intimate, friendly, with great decor.	
Apr 20 2009 	Fantastic!	I booked this Hotel well in advance through their own website and got what I considered was a very reasonable price for this location.On arrival we were upgraded to an Executive room. This made the deal even better value. It was a spacious room with all the amenities you could wish for. The bed was huge and everything was very clean.We had continental breakfast included in our room rate and this provided a good choice of food and all of good quality. We also had coffee in the bar on one evening and this was very nicely served with biscuits.The staff were all very pleasant and efficient. To me this must mean that Grange Hotels must treat their staff well. I would not hesitate to return to this Hotel and would recommend this small chain of Hotels to anyone visiting London	
Apr 16 2009 	Couldn't fault the hotel service was excellent	We stayed in the Beauchamp over Easter and found out that we had been upgraded to executive rooms which were very clean and tidy. The service was excellent even the dining area staff were very pleasant.The only thing i would say is not to stay in room 012 which is below the reception area because of the tiled reception you can hear the trolleys on the suitcases being wheeled across which can get quite annoying.Parking is a bit of a problem as it can be quite expensive outside the hotel and the wardens are very keen.	
Mar 27 2009 	Fantastic	We stopped at The Beauchamp in January 2009 for 1 night and it was excellent. We booked via laterooms.com so got a great rate, and when we got there we found that we'd been upgraded to a executive room which was absolutely fantastic. Fab location for Central London and theatres.There is no parking onsite so we had to use a NCP at the end of the road which, although expensive, was very secure.Overall, a brilliant hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Not as good as it seems	Since this hotel has been described in detail by previous reviewers, I would just add a fw comments from my personal perspective.First, the normal rooms (which are not cheap by London standards, since prices have gone down a bit) are quite tiny - certainly by London and even by Paris standards. They are clean and nicely furnished, as is the lobby, but there are two features of the rooms that make me not want to come back. The first is that the windows are of the pseudo-traditional style that just doesn't close (you *can* get guillotine-type windows which actually can be shut!), so that rooms to the front are not quiet and certainly drafty. Most problematic for me was that the beds are too short - I am tall but not at all unusually so, and I was missing maybe 15-20 cms. This is outright unhealthy, and I had to make do with a contraption made from the luggage table and pillows. This worked, but one does not want to pay 100-120 Pounds a night for that. When I asked for a bigger bed (= a normal-sized one; I didn't have a bed-length problem in years, and I travel quite a bit), I was told that longer ones were only available in a higher category, which would be anothr 30 Pounds or so. The reason for the short beds is apparently that bigger ones do not fit into the small rooms. I consider the supplying of beds one can actually sleep in the primary duty of a hotel; this one didn't do that. So, why did I stay in this hotel at all, seeing that the neighborhood is full of competing establishments and none were, it seems, booked out? Well, I was not able to check the room first, and for the first time in my life, I had to pay up front - I have no idea why, and I find this policy highly sketchy. This is not normal, and it strongly suggests that this hotel is not designed to make money just the usual way; I found this really troubling, and as I then saw, with good reason. I should say that when I checked in, I had just come from a meeting at UCL around the corned in full business regalia, so I certainly looked as reliable as can be imagined. That said, the hotel is nice-sized, pleasant, modern, and well-located, and the staff was partially very friendly. Too bad it does not provide the essential service structure and has this highly strange pay-up-front system. I would next time definitely go somewhere else.	
Mar 4 2009 	Lovely Hotel Terrible Service Ruined the Stay	We stayed at this hotel after much research. Our stay was planned over the xmas period. We intended to stay somwhere local to the West End, yet cheap enough so we didn't break the bank. It was meant to be a romantic week togther.• The HotelThe hotel is located on Bedford Place, just behind the British museum. It seems this street is full of hotels. It's located in an old town house, and has been coverted fairly sympathetically. The hotel entrance is quite ornate, with a few stairs to walk up. The lobby and bar/kitchen/lounge are all in one. There is also a lift for the upper floors.• The RoomWe stayed in a room on the top floor. It overlooked the gardens and back of the British Museum. From the window we could see Centre Point and the BT tower, so it is very central.The room was decorated really nicely. Carpetted floor, cream coloured wallpaper and generic artwork. The bed was quite big, the matress very firm. There was a walk-in wardrobe only for clothes (the only rawers being in the bedside table and desk. The tea and coffee making facilities was inside the wardrobe, which meant the clothes did get slightly damp when boiling the kettle.There was a flat screen TV located next to the bathroom door. It was quite far away from the bed to watch, so we didn't order any films. There were two sofa chairs and also a selection of magazines to read on the coffee table. The desk featured a very snazzy phone, although the blinking light was very annoying at night.The bathroom was always very cold. The was a very large mirror over the sink and toilet, which was heated. The shower looked very out of place in the room, it was a shoddy shower screen over a bath. Not what we expected. The bathroom often smelled of cigarette smoke which was very off putting.It was cleaned twice during our five day stay to a high standard, however the cleaner stole our second card. This was very worrying and meant we had to change our cards.• ServiceService was ok. The kitchen staff we found to be very rude (I'll explain in greater detail) The receptionists were pleasant when everything was going ok. When we encountered problems they did seem to get their backs up and close down. I feel the service could be much better, especially as the hotel really warrants it.The real problem we had was at breakfast, however halfway through the stay our room card stopped working. I went down to reception, and despite the receptionist actually checking us in and seeing us every day, she needed me to provide some kind of ID. All very well, but we were locked out of our room. How was I to get it? I explained that she'd seen me check in, couldn't she just make our card work and I'll bring my drivers licence down? She seemed to get very annoyed and moodily scanned another card for me, and blamed me for the card not working! I asked her why it was my fault and she said cards can be wiped if they're next to a mobile phone. Fair enough, but my phone was left in the safe of my room.Very rude.• BreakfastAs we were staying over the Xmas period breakfast started and ended later, which was very practical. The buffet breakfast was included in our stay, however the rude waiter obviously thought differently. Upon finishing the meal, we were presented with a bill which was to be charged to the room. My husband explained that breakfast was included in the say, but he didn't listen. We ended up just walking out of the kitchen.It then took a few hours of contstant calls and complaining to get the hotel to admit that breakfast was included. All we got for this stress (on our holiday) was a free upgrade to a Full English. Not exactly very good in my opinion.• Overall...The hotel is lovely, the premesis are just amazing. However the service really leaves a lot to be desired. If you're planning a romantic weekend I really wouldn't stay here. Business should really only be considered.	
Feb 23 2009 	A very comfortable stay- highly recommended.	Stayed for a weekend break with my wife. First impressions were of a very professional and helpful staff, and check-in was swift and painless. The standard of decor is very good, having the appearance of being recently decorated. The room was on the small side, but no smaller than to be expected in London, and perfectly adequate. The bathroom was well-equipped, and comfortable. We had a view over the street from the second floor, but it was not at all noisy. The area is a little outside the busier parts, so there are few drunken revellers to disturb you from below. Also, the curtains were so good that when the alarm went off it felt like the middle of the night! The bed was very comfortable, and we were provided with an excess of large cushions for some reason! This gave the room a luxury feel.Going in and out of the hotel, the staff always greeted us pleasantly when passing, and held open doors for us on more than one occasion. They were equally pleasant, yet also unobtrusive, at breakfast. Continental breakfast was included with our room, and it was very good. A good self-service selection of bread, cereal, pastries, toast, jams, cold meats, fruit, and juices was provided. This was not a &quot;cheapskate&quot; continental as you get in some hotels, giving the impression of trying to save money, but a very tasty and filling selection. Coffee was good, and decaf was provided swiftly on request (although this was less good!).The location was perfect for us, and we walked to a lot of places- including from St. Pancras to the hotel on arrival. It's extremely close to the British Museum, which it'd be mad not to visit if you have the time. We could also walk into Covent Garden, and Leicester Square, and to a very large number of theatres. Russell Square tube is close at hand for trips further afield.We paid £207 for two nights (Fri &amp; Sat), which I consider quite reasonable for what you get. In all, a very pleasant stay, and I've no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	Absolutely fabulous value an undiscovered gem	My husband and I booked into the Beauchamp hotel (directly through their website) at the very last minute, just needing a bed for the night in Central London. Up until a few months ago, I lived in London, and can say that this hotel is excellent value for money for London. It is walking distance to the tube and covent garden / soho and quite frankly the service was fantastic. I travel A LOT for work and pleasure, and always in some fine hotels. So it is very rare that a hotel surpasses my expectations. But for the price, i was genuinely suprised by how excellent this hotel was. We had a well apppointed exec room for £95, which was just huge for London, with a great garden view and a very comfy king size bed and a great shower. Breakfast was included AND it was terrific - again, very rare in London, where most hotels charge you £25 or more.But the best part was the staff - every single person was super friendly and went out of their way to be helpful and nice. Everyone appeared well trained and service oriented - something even more expensive luxury hotels can't always offer.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for that rarest of finds: the great value hotel in London with absolutely no downsides.	
Feb 5 2009	Didn't get to stay but disappointed with the service	My husband booked for us to stay for 2 nights over my birthday. The night before we were due to arrive we saw weather reports that the snow was due to be pretty horrendous our way. We checked our booking email from Opodo and it said we could cancel up to midnight the day before arrival, so we called to cancel at about 9pm.The person on the other end of the phone said that it needed to be midnight the day before, the day before arrival (if you know what I mean) and refused to cancel our first night's stay. We cancelled the 2nd nights stay *just in case* as we realised it would be easier to book again then cancel it any later.As predicted, the morning we were due to leave the snow was really bad and we couldn't get out of our road. We tried for a couple of hours but it just wasn't happening and there were no signs of improvement. I called the Beauchamp straight away around 9am to cancel but the person I spoke to was completely inflexible and unsympathetic and refused to even part-refund my night's stay or offer me the room on another date. I was told if I phoned them in future they would give me a special offer but it sounded unconvincing and lackluster.I guess I just expect in this day and age a little more flexibility and out of principle I will not give them another chance. I travel to London every few weeks with work so it's a pity the hotel didn't take a more sensible view and they could have ended up not only recouping the money they lost this time round but also getting a lot of future business.I realise this review doesn't give much information about the hotel itself but I just wanted to make people aware of the cancellation conditions so they don't end up out of pocket. Very disappointing.	
Feb 1 2009 	Loved the Beauchamp	We stayed here for 2 nights on a theatre break. It actually worked out cheaper to book directly with the hotel than through a theatre break operator.The hotel location is excellent, about 5 minutes walk from Russell Square tube station, easy to walk to Oxford Street and Covent Garden if you dont fancy the tube. The street itself is lovely and quiet. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the staff are very attentive, great at providing maps and information, always speak when they see you and say good night when you come in. They also do a 'turn down' service which is a nice touch.I asked for a room overlooking the gardens, and booked a superior double, apparently the superior doubles overlooking the gardens are on the ground floor only so you cant actually see them, this would have been better if it had been pointed out to me beforehand. I asked if we could be moved but was only offered a room overlooking the street (but not available til evening which was no good for us) or an upgrade which they wanted us to pay for so we stayed put in room 001. The room itself was small but you expect that in London. It had everything we needed, was clean, lovely bathroom, large wardrobe, safe and plasma tv on the wall with plenty of channels. My only complaints about the room would be that it was freezing and no matter what we did with the air con we couldnt get it warm enough. The duvet was as thin as a sheet, so I spent most of the night shivering in bed! The other is that the room above has terribly squeaky floorboards, and although the people above us were quiet, the floor would squeak whenever they moved which was quite annoying.Breakfast was included, and was great, lots of choice of croissants, fruit, cereals, meat and cheeses. We went for the full english on the morning we left which was an extra £4.70 and was worth it as it was delicious. Again the service was excellent.This is a great little find, close to everywhere and we will certainly stay there again, although not in the same room.	
Jan 28 2009	Really Nice Hotel	Stayed one night (birthday treat for my mother in law) as we was going to see a show and tour bus the next day. Friendly polite staff, booked executive twin room which overlooked the gardens really quite, room lovely and clean lots of space.Room service good we had really nice sandwiches.Went onto street and hailed a cab for us, booked my tour bus tickets for next day.Any information i wanted staff really efficient, gave me maps, instructions etc.Really nice continental breakfast, english breakfast was at extra cost.Stored our luggage next day while we went sight seeing.Would recommend and stay there again.	
Jan 17 2009 	modern sharp and excellent location	I stayed for one night for business reasons. I didn't use any of the hotel facilities but I can say that my room was smart, fresh and modern in design. the bed was very comfy and the room a good size. The bathroom had a large bath and shower above which had a good deal of pressure. The broadband access was easy to access and the tv with Sky was of a good quality. Staff were helpful and polite. the hotel is in a beautiful and very historic area. It's 5 minutes from Russell Square tube station.I'd definitely stay again.	
Jan 13 2009 	Lovely Boutique Hotel	I booked this hotel through Late Rooms for one night in an executive room for myself, husband and son, and then the following night for just myself and my husband. The executive room was very spacious, two lovely queen sized beds, lovely decor and spacious and modern bathroom. Sitting area with desk. We were on the lower ground floor which was OK - nice and quiet. The second night we had a standard double room booked but when we viewed it the double bed was quite small - my husband's feet hung over the end (he is 6'2&quot;). We queried the bed size with reception and they said it was their standard double room. As we were not happy with the bed size we were upgraded free of charge to an executive double - which had a bigger bed and more room space. Overall the hotel was lovely, good location near Russell Square tube station etc. Helpful and friendly staff.Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 6 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We arrived at the hotel, and I was feeling very nervous, as had I read a review that a previous guest had written, about being overbooked. My husband, myself and our 2 small children arrived. We stayed in a luxury twin, which had 2 queen sized beds and a modern bathroom. Beautiful view of the gardens .Breakfast was great, central and picadilly line within walking distance, and so near the theatres and british museum.The staff were unbelievable, they changed our rooms when we had a problem, and could not do enough, fast enough.Taxis were ordered for us, suggestions were given with the kids. Christmas day everything was closed so we ate dinner at the hotel, and they didnt charge for the kids.All in all, really good service, really clean, and a fantastic staff.	
Jan 4 2009	Great find	This hotel is a rare find in London for the bargain price.This hotel is spotless,the staff were helpful polite and efficient.The hotel is in a quite street, location is great,round the corner from the British Museum,10 min walk to Covent Garden and a 15 min walk to China Town,Leicester Square.This is an excellent Hotel if you are planning a theatre break,but if you want to venture further there is a bus stop across the road or tube station few minutes away..I booked a standard room but was upgraded to an executive room free of charge,huge room tasteful decor,the beds are comfy and the shower a dream .Breakfast was of an excellent standard continental beakfast is included in the room rate,you can pay a supplement of a few pounds for a full english but to be honest the continental buffet was so plentiful there was no need.I will be back next time I am in London.I was amazed to read reviews that this place was overpriced with unhelpful staff?I hope they keep up the great standard.	
Dec 31 2008 	Excellent small 4 star hotel	Only spent one night at this very comfortable 4 star boutique hotel. Staff were very helpfull and the quality of our room was excellent. Well positioned for central London with Russell Square tube station only 6 minutes away. Cannot speak for the food as the restaraunt was not open on Sunday evening.Would strongly recommend to anyone visting London for business or pleasure.	
Dec 26 2008 	delightful stay - great room	I booked a cheap deal one night stay through the internet thinking that we would probably be given the worst room, but we were upgraded to a fantastic room with 2 queen sized beds and a small lounge. It was terrific. Very friendly staff, and a beautifully decorated room. Bed extremely comfortable, lovely decor and great crisp clean sheets. I heartily recommend it.	
Oct 26 2008 	Quite okay nothing special	The hotel is situated quite nicely in London and only a short distance away from the nearest Tube stations.Since I had a reservation for a single room, they gave me room number 005, which was on street level and so small one could barely move inside the room. Moreover, there were no hangers for my cloths or any wardrobe to put my items in. In addition the room did not have any safe (which is a must for a business traveler who doesn't want to carry their laptop around all the time). After some complaints they were able to upgrade me to a standard double room, which was a little bit larger and had a safe.The continental breakfast was quite okay (from buffet) and also the staff was very helpful and happy to arrange airport transportation for us.In general, I would think that this is a nice hotel for a romantic weekend, but I would not recommend it for business travelers.	
Oct 26 2008 	Perfect Hotel Great Staff	This place will not disappoint! The staff was very professional and helpful. The hotel is spit-spot clean. We booked the Double Executive and had a view of the beautiful courtyard. It was the largest hotel room I had ever had anywhere in Europe! Very close to the British Museum which you should at least allocate a day for and convienient to the Russell Squiare tube station. We were leaving from London Heathrow and had planned on taking a taxi to Paddington station and then the train into LHR. We asked the hotel to book us a taxi to pick us up at 8am to make the trip to Paddington. The hotel used a car service not the regular black taxi's- and the driver told us that he could take us all the way to LHR for 35GBP! Since the train tickets from Padding are approximately 16GBP per person plus what ever cab fare to the station we came out much better and less stressed taking the taxi all the way to the airport. The driver couldn't have been nicer. I highly recommend this hotel and will definately be back! Thanks to all at the Beauchamp!!	
Sep 22 2008 	Loved this hotel.	Our first time at this hotel and we loved it! Compared to hotels we have stayed in at similar prices it is far superior. We come down to London often and usually stay at big chains properties, but not anymore! If a smallish chain can give a service this good why not use it.From check in to check out the staff were lovely. Nothing was too much trouble.When we asked where was the best place to hail a cab, one of the staff sprinted up the street to bring one for us.The room was small but perfectly formed! Everything we needed at hand.Enough to say that &quot; We will be back&quot; !	
Sep 7 2008 	Great find	We have just spent 2 nights at the Beauchamp hotel. It was well positioned in Bloomsbury and a short walk to russell square underground station. We booked through the hotel website a few months in advance and got a very cheap rate, £90 per night incl. continental b'fast and taxes. On check-in we were told that we had a complimentary upgrade. Room was clean, very spacious (2 queen sized beds despite only needing 1) and it had a modern large bathroom. Nicely furnished. The hotel is quite new and so everything is quite crisp. We were on the lower ground so no view from the windows. B'fast was good, what you would expect from a continental breakfast. 24 hr room service very convenient, try the club sandwich! Staff were friendly and polite despite taking 30 minutes to send our bags to our room after check-in. I would definitely stay here again based on the location, decor and price. A great find in London!	
Sep 1 2008 	Over priced	I stayed at the Beauchamp for two nights and booked using Expedia. This was, as I thought, the cheapest way to book. However, tax was added on to the price on arrival and breakfast wasn't included so I paid £105 per night in total for a double room only. The room was absoutely tiny and the tv didn't work. The shower wasn't particularly powerful.On the plus side the staff were very helpful and the location was very good. It was a 10 minute walk from Euston underground (Russell Square was closed for the weekend!).All in all I was disappointed as I think I could have got a lot more for my money.	
Jul 22 2008	Unable to stay - but very helpful	I was dismayed to be informed when we arrived that due to a plumbing problem two whole floors had been wiped out and that we would have to be relocated to another 5 star hotel. Having been the victim of an overbooking scam (same plumbing story) in a completely unrelated hotel in Paris several years ago I was immediately on my guard. We met with the hotel General Manager who was very courteous and helpful. She took my husband around to the alternative hotel to allow us to approve the room. It was the Holborn Hotel also in the Grange group and proved to be a suitable alternative. Our luggage was taken around for us and what could have been a very unhappy experience worked out very well.	
Jul 9 2008 	Terrible Service Not worth the money	This hotel is clean, modern and nicely decorated, in a very nice area of London. However, I would NEVER stay here again!!! The hotel staff was pretentious and rude, and had no idea of how to help tourists - they could not even get us to the airport, I had to book our own transportation!! They also told us there was no place to exchange money on the weekends in London - which is insane, we passed 4 places on the way to dinner that night. The rooms are nice, but the bed is short - if you are over 5&quot;11, don't stay here, as your feet will stick off the end of the bed (and there is only a foot between the bed and wall, which makes getting to the bathroom interesting when your boyfriend's feet are blocking the way). Definitely not worth the price we paid, I would rather stay in an older hotel with nice employees on staff!	
May 19 2008 	Little Gem!	I've stayed here on three occasions this year (2008) and this hotel is excellent. It is quiet, clean, comfortable and the staff are nothing but helpful. It's near Holborn tube station and a 10minute walk from Covent Garden and a 15-20min walk from Trafalgar Sq. etc. So it is very well appointed and situated. It is a pleasure to stay there.	
May 13 2008 	Really trying hard	The Beauchamp is one of the newest of the Grange Hotel Group in London.It is situauted on a quietish street in Bloomsbury and the rear overlooks a private communal park.The staff were friendly and efficient and the breakfast was excellent.Everything was new and claean and still smelled of paint.The aircon was very efficient.Tip: Ask for a garden facing room at the rear of the hotel. The front rooms, especially those in the basement and on the ground floor are noisy.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great location Lovely Hotel	My daughter and I stayed at The Beauchamp March 17-19, 2008. I came across The Beauchamp when I already had a room reserved elsewhere. The special rate being offered for my stay was so great, I felt I couldn't pass it up. However, there was nothing on tripadvisor! Not even a listing! I scoured the internet looking for any kind of review. Eventually I found a blurb in the Trip Advisor London Forum stating it was a great place to stay. We arrived at the hotel well before the 3pm check in time, but thankfully they allowed us to check in early. I was informed the hotel had only been open 1 month (yes you can still smell a faint odor of paint drying in the lobby). A bellman showed us to our room and I have to say I was a little surprised at the size of the it. Based on the pictures from the website, the rooms looked HUGE! They are not. As you can see in the pictures included with this review, the double room that we were given was quite small. However, that is one of the few &quot;negative&quot; things I can say about the room. Everything else was brand new. The bellman showed me everything about the room, the kettle and trouser press in the closet and the washroom. I would advise that you pay attention during the washroom &quot;tour&quot;. After napping for a few hours, I was anxious to take a shower. But I couldn't figure out how to turn it on! I had to call the front desk and have the bellman come back!The location of the hotel is perfect. You are a stones throw from the Russell Square underground station, on the Picadilly line. There are plenty of restaurants, coffee shops, shops, etc. all within walking distance. (And for all you Starbucks addicts, there is even one of those right around the corner.)We only ate in the hotel the first night but did not dine in the restaurant. We had room service. The food was delicious (try the salmon and cucumber sandwich), however, it took about 45 minutes before we got our order. And the price wasn't terrible! About £7 for a sandwich, it was probably the cheapest meal we had while in London. The second night we decided on a late night snack and ordered room service again. The first item we ordered we were told was not available. Then I received a call to tell me one of the other items was not available. Then about 20 minutes later another call and nothing that I wanted was available. I think they need to work out the kinks in the room service, probably including the restaurant (although we never at there). I did have a couple of noise issues while we were there. Like most hotels, the walls are thin. Sometimes it sounded like my neighbors were moving furniture. Once, I called the front desk and I believe they sent someone up to speak with them because they did eventually quieted down. Please note, the pictures on the website are quite deceiving. The picture of the front door with the awning, does not exist. The lobby doesn't look anything like that. I never saw a sitting area overlooking the garden. The room I stayed in is no where near the size of the room in the picture. That room may exist, but I did not see it. The next pictures of the room and the washroom are correct. I did not see the dining area during the day, but I don't think it looked anything like that. All in all, for a place to lay my head at night, this hotel was perfect. I would definately stay here again, especially at the rate we paid. It was clean, the staff is friendly and accomodating and once they iron out the wrinkles with room service/restaurant, I think it'll be worthy of its 4 star (on the hotel website) rating.	
Jun 17 2008 	Una Joya en Londres		
