Oct 16 2008 	Perfect for some	I read many conflicting reviews here before booking the Chelsea Lodge Hotel for my recent trip to London. One post would say, “the rooms were filthy,” while the very next insisted that “at least everything was spotlessly clean.” Here’s my take, and yes, it is a positive review, you just have to keep reading:My group booked three rooms for three nights. We ended up only staying for one as some of the inconveniences were too difficult for us. We knew that it was a multi-story hotel with no elevator and so requested rooms on the lower floors. We received two rooms on the second and one on the third, which was much what we expected.Nicola, the woman who seems to run the place almost single-handedly, was a gem and actually handled the bulk of carrying our bags to our rooms as we were (a) tired and (b) stereotypical Americans who are unused to stairs much less stairs when encumbered with 50 pound suitcases.The whole place is a bit careworn, with bald spots on the carpets and peeling wallpaper. However, that can easily be dismissed (by most) as charming. My main worry, from the reviews I’d read, was cleanliness. There were things that could have been cleaner (door jambs, light switches, windows) but the things that matter most to me (shower, toilet, bedding) were immaculate. Nicola was always there and eager to do anything to make her guests happy. While waiting for our rooms to be cleaned, we adjourned to the first floor pub which has also seen better days and seems to be held together with duct tape. However, the bartender, whose name I didn’t catch, was every bit as solicitous as Nicola, and instantly made the “Americans – they want ice with everything” connection.We checked out early mainly because of difficulties with communication. Our cell phones didn’t work there and we were unable to make the in-room phones work for us so coordinating things was a bit tough. (One of our rooms had a toilet that needed a secret code to flush but that’s another story.) We ended up finding a hotel down the street that had wifi and a restaurant and was better suited to our needs but for the traveler who is a bit more adventurous, more self-sufficient, this hotel is a low-price, clean where it counts, customer service oriented find.I especially loved the fact that when we told Nicola we were checking out early, she never asked why, just checked us out with a smile, picked up a suitcase and started down the stairs before thanking us and wishing us a safe journey.Upshot – not right for me but absolutely perfect for many travelers looking for an inexpensive, quirky London hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	Dirty and Loud	My husband and I booked the Chelsea Lodge because it was on Arthur Frommer's recommendations and we were thoroughly dissapointed. We didn't mind that the rooms were small but we did mind that it was very filthy. There were curry stains on the wall, the comforter had multiple stains, and the bathroom had not been cleaned (there were hairs on the floor). We were in London for 3 days and they came in to &quot;clean&quot; only 1 of those days. We loved London but tried to stay away from our room as much as possible. The area is actually a very nice area and we regret not paying a little more to stay at hotels in that same area that appeared better than ours. There are 2 hospitals nearby so sleeping at night was hard.Kansas, USA	
May 1 2008 	A solid deal...	I read about this property on BudgetTravel.com, and do think it's one of the better budget properties I've stayed in visiting Europe. You're simply not going to find any kind of luxury for under $200/night in London--but if you're like me, a young person just looking for a place to sleep and shower, you could do much worse than the Chelsea Lodge Hotel. The staff is nice, if really busy. The rooms are sufficiently clean, and the amenities sufficient. The common spaces are pretty run down, and the decor mismatching, but it's a solid deal. The breakfast isn't what they make it out to be, however, so if you're looking for a good English breakfast (more than toast and cereal--and trust me, you want eggs, beans and mushrooms while you're in the UK!), you'll need to head down the street. It is located within walking distance of a tube stop, and the high-street shopping, only about two blocks away, is great. I did have my credit card run twice accidentally, so be sure you're clear with the staff how you want to pay when you check out.	
Aug 8 2007 	The Absolute Worst Hotel Ever	After a 7 hour transatlantic flight, we were looking forward to relaxing a bit in our hotel room. However, when we arrived by taxi at the Chelsea Lodge Hotel we were immediately sure we had made a big mistake by booking there. The &quot;reception&quot; office was a cluttered, dirty room with junk laying all about. The young woman manager helped us lug our suitcases up two flights of stairs to a dingy old room with two pathetic twin beds and a closet full of twisted wire coat hangers. The carpet was threadbare and the telephone was caked with grime. The toilet did not flush. It was so disgusting that we immediately checked out, telling the manager that the place is not fit to be a hotel. She never apologized for the inconvenience, but simply said that they've been trying to sell the building for five years and the owner didn't want to put any money into it. The place should be condemned, and isn't worth one dime. The only good thing was that we discovered a great little Italian restaurant in the neighborhood called &quot;Carluccio's.&quot; NEVER BOOK THIS HOTEL.	
May 13 2007	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	Rooms where extremely dirty. Didn't look like they had a good clean in years. I was afraid to get into the shower as it was so discoloured. Bed had no springs, and again we were afraid to sleep in it. Had to use blankets we had bought to use on the plane. Apparently the building is for sale. I can only assume the present owners think that it well sell better dirty. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.	
Mar 25 2007 	Dirty and Rude	My mother and I booked in here having read the reviews on TripAdvisore for seeing the Chelsea Flower Show in 2006. When we arrived we were led up a filthy stairs which smelled of smoke, our room had not yet been cleaned. The tiles were coming off the wall in the shower, there was no edging around the sink-just uncovered chip board and thus covered in germs. The curtains which were supposed to be white were now grey. There were stains on our carpet and on out bed spread. When we complained,the owner accused us of trying to get a freebie and that if we didnt like it we could move out. We tried to find accommodation but everywhere was booked out. That night when we returned to the accommodation, we were greeted by the blaring disco which continued until 2am in the morning. Also beware the breakfast which is served in the pub which smells of smoke and dirt. This year for the flower show we booked into a 5* hotel. We left Chelsea Lodge after one night and slept in a hotel beside the airport	
Aug 3 2005	Still a good choice	As we stayed here two years ago and I was pleased with it at the time we decided to stay here again for another weekend. The hotel is still a good option if you're on a budget. The pub has gone and been replaced by a french bistro. The place still offers value for money. There are 3 buses stopping just outside the hotel and you're near Harrods within 15 minutes.	
Apr 5 2005	Value for money	We stayed here during Wimbledon two years ago and for what you pay for it you get great value. Prices include (simple) breakfast served in the pub downstairs. The pub can cause some noise on weekends.Taking the buss (there's a stop just outside the hotel) to the city centre takes about 15 minutes, or walk (10 minutes) to the tubestation down the road.Would defenitly recommend this hotel considering it's value for money	
Nov 3 2004	Clean + Affordable = 2 Content College Students	I was visiting London on short notice and most of the hotels that I found for good prices received terrible reviews on this website, which scared me. This hotel had no reviews yet, and it had the best rate I could find, so I said &quot;no news is good news&quot; (trying to convince myself obviously, because it was getting to the point where I had to make a reservation or else we would get there without a place to stay). I'll admit that I was expecting the absolute worst, and it was definately not one of the snazzier hotels that I have stayed at, but it was clean, the bathroom was quite large (compared to the closet of a bathroom that we had in Oxford, at a wonderful b&amp;b) and the bed was comfortable enough. I really can't complain about it at all. If you are on a budget, I'd highly reccomend it. It is a descent walk (about 10 minutes) from the tube, but the bus stop is only a few blocks down, and you can take that to Victoria Station where you can basically catch any kind of transportation. Also, I would reccommend dining in the area, because it has the most pubs -- for fine dining I would reccommend Kensington.	
Nov 3 2009 	Saleté et moisissure		
Sep 19 2009 	Für Sightseeing Perfekt!		
