Sep 2 2009 	Shakespeare Hostel- not a good experience	Arrived to stay in this hotel for one night. Greeted by guests drinking cans of alcohol in the lounge/games area. Filthy carpets leading to the room. Arguments and loud music in the rooms next to mine. Bathroom is a modular Portakabin type. I left immediately. Hotel refused to refund the charge. Need I say more?	
Aug 25 2009 	A pleasant stay	Good beds, good shower. Breakfast scenario quite chaotic at times. Very close to Paddington Station. Only one computer, with a pay-by-the-hour scheme. Slow internet connection. But there's an internet café nearby.	
Aug 3 2009 	Try somewhere else first	I didn't book this hotel on purpose. The nearby hotel that I booked had to be shut down for fire exit renovations. They automatically booked me into the Shakespeare and I didn't follow up with any of my own research and just went with it. I stayed a total of 7 nights in two different rooms. First room's advantage was that it was on the first floor. I didn't mind the small accomodations or the noise from the underground. But there was some sort of sewage ventilation problem that caused sewer gases to back up into my toilet closet. I kept the door to it closed and just dealt with it that way. Another problem with this room was the windows did not lock. Bit of a safety/security concern. After traveling around the countryside and returning to London, I again stayed at the Shakespeare for 2 nights. This time my room was on the top floor which meant dragging a heavy suitcase up 5 flights of stairs. I'm a single gal and that was pretty unforgettable. I did it though. Taught me to not do so much shopping or else not travel around the countryside. The room was more bare bones than the first one. No remote for TV either.I never ate the breakfast really. I went downstairs once for it and their idea of fresh fruit was a big bowl of canned fruit cocktail. Yuck.The front desk folks were not very helpful. Their stated check in time is noon on their website. However, if you try to check in at noon they will inform you that it is by prior arrangement only and you have to leave and comeback at 2pm. That is pretty bold.It does seem like a big party place. Not recommended for families, couples, or solo travelers. Only recommended for a bunch of kids that want to party all night. The location is convenient as it is a very short walk from Paddington Station and Underground. That is the ONLY thing this place has going for it.	
Jul 14 2009 	65% of Reviewers Aren't Wrong.	I totally agree with the 65% of reviewers who give this hotel??? the thumbs down. Having spent two of the worst nights I've ever spent in any hotel over the weekend, I'd say to people who regard a clean room as a necessity and fancy more than three hours sleep a night, not to go there. If you're booked in already but haven't gone yet, give some serious thought to switching to another hotel. This place is not a hotel, it's a hostel, pure and simple. The only difference is that instead of a dorm for sleeping, there are individual rooms, although with all the noise at night inside this so-called hotel you'd certainly think you were in the same room as everyone else. I have two bits of advice to anyone thinking about going to London for a break, 1. Stay away from the Shakespeare Hotel, and 2. Stay away from the Shakespeare Hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Not as bad	If you want a 4 star hotel, do not stay here, yes it needs some work but for the price the room is not that bad and the location is excellent, the room is clean, the bathroom has a little mold in the tile, the hotel should know that this is something chlorine will clean right away....stay here if you only going to the room to sleep....Breakfast is good for a Continental breakfast.	
Mar 31 2009 	Not as bad as the previous reviews made it seem like it would be	We were booked into the Shakespeare by a travel agent so didn't have any choice in the matter. Having read the previous reviews, the three of us were prepared to be less than impressed. While it wasn't fancy, we did have three decent beds (a double and a single) in a clean but not fancy room. There was an attached bathroom with shower, sink, and toilet. Things were a bit threadbare but nothing dangerous or unclean. We ate breakfast in the basement restaurant - a bit plain but it fed us. The staff at the desk were quite friendly to us. Location was great - within a block of Paddington station made it easy to go wherever we wanted in the city. Not the best place I've ever stayed but certainly not the worst by any means. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for reasonable budget accommodations. There were lots of young students staying in the hotel, they were a bit loud in the evening but tolerable.	
Dec 14 2008 	Couldn't leave fast enough	The room we stayed in was small and the furniture was threadbare. The tiny shower room (7ft x3ft) was smelly, musty and mouldy. My family stayed here only because the hotel we originally booked &quot;had water damage&quot; and booked us across the street at the Shakespeare. The desk staff were helpful in giveng directions. Breakfast was just ok. Typically for the UK, the coffee was undrinkable.	
Nov 15 2008 	Never again!	Only select this hotel if you like mould, noise, dirt everywhere and old, damaged furniture. The staff was extremely unfriendly - some did not even speak English. This is more a youth hostel than a hotel. The guests and the tube running just behind the hotel are extremely noisy, so do not expect silent nights.The bathroom was so tiny that you couldn't even close the door behind you when you were standing in front of the washbasin. The toilet and shower were also in a very poor state.In the kitchen they have a plate on the wall: &quot;Customer says: my money pays your wages!&quot; No further comment!I liked the situation though. Paddington is not a very nice quarter, but there are a lot of nice little shops and the tube station at only 3 minutes.	
Jan 24 2008 	Should have read the reviews :(	This was my first visit to London, actually the first trip to the European continent itself. I had heard that London was extremely expensive and tried to find a modestly priced hotel in London. I would have liked to have stayed at a chain-type of hotel like the Sheraton, etc., but could not afford it.So I picked a hotel that I thought was priced fairly and near a tube station so that I could move about the city and see some sights. I was only staying one night as I was catching a plane in the morning to another country. I thought, &quot;how bad can it be, as I am only going to SLEEP there, right?&quot;I have to say that I was disappointed. I found that their internet site raved about how good the hotel was and showed a photograph of a very nice &quot;lobby?&quot;. I don't think the lobby in the photo is actually in this hotel as I never saw it. The outside of the hotel looked extremely nice and it is in a very quaint neighbourhood, close to amenities and just around the corner from Paddington Station, which was great. There are no elevators, so I had to carry two extremely heavy bags totaling about 50kg up three flights of stairs to our room. I didn't like the idea of a shared bathroom but I thought that this was the norm in London. The bathroom was on the second floor so I had to walk to it in the middle of the night. Very bland and scary bathroom. The room itself was very bare, just two beds and an armoire-type thing that had a television. Extremely tiny room with not much room to move around in.This hotel was so nasty that on my return trip through London I chose another hotel, thinking it would have to be a better experience. Oh well, that is another review.The continental breakfast was okay, a typical english breakfast, but the dining area seemed to be located in the sub-basement, a bit of a bad location. Stay away from this hotel, I felt I was &quot;taken&quot; by the advertising on their official webpage. Obviously that is was marketing and a keen web-designer is paid to do.	
Jan 16 2008	Free Noise at the Shakespeare	It was certainly cheap and it was certainly nasty. Of course in this part of London you will find hundreds of this type of hotel and while you may say to yourself I am only sleeping there I am not living there - if you can -don't. The location is only around the corner from Paddington tube and national rail station to be sure and there are some great staff but at the end of the day you have the circle line benath you running 24/7 and the area itself is cheap and dodgy. It is some walk to anywhere of any consequence - Hyde Park is a good 15 mins through suburbia.The breakfast included in the tariff is enough to put you off your food for a week. The flat offered is at the bottom of the hotel and all the underground trains make for a background noise you can do without. There are cooking and washing facilities but neither work well and the &quot;selfcatering&quot;options are limited due to the lack of utensils, crockeryand cutlery, pots/pans and the fact that the stove top has an on again/off again relationship with the electric ignition switch. The grill works in a fashion but the oven is verschtikt.Save a bit more and stay somewhere in Kensington. You won't regret it.	
Dec 24 2007 	Stay Away!	Okay, so I read the previous reviews about this hotel and thought &quot;how bad can it be&quot;. Believe me it is BAD. I had asked for a single room with bathroom. My room was behind the reception area. There was a shower cubicle in the room. The toilet was in another room with a lock on the door in case anyone else tried to use it! I traveled with a friend whose room was on the third floor. Her toilet was shared with others on the floor below! The London Underground is underneath and every time a train passed, my floor was shaking. I have stayed in 2 other budget hotels before in London so I am used to low quality hotels but this is the absolute worst. The only good thing was the staff. They were friendly and always smiling. We chose this hotel due to its location. But there are plenty of other hotels in the Bayswater/Paddington area to choose from. Never again Shakespeare Hotel.	
Jul 3 2007 	Youth Hostel not a hotel!	Myself and a friend booked this for a long weekend with our mothers. We got a pretty good rate for a &quot;family&quot; (quad) room, so were prepared for it to be basic enough - but not this bad. There were three single beds and a set of bunk beds(!) with about a foot of space between them. The &quot;en suite&quot; was not fit for use by anyone above a size 8 and was mildewy and not very clean.The windows would not stay open, the curtains had cigarette burns all over them, as did the carpet. The room was cold all the time, even though it was sweltering outside. We were on the top floor - (4th i think, not sure) - and beside what was obviously a large dorm room with about 6 students in it, who partied hard every night in their room. Complaints about the noise were met with abuse by the culprits and indifference by the management.There were only 2 towels provided and when we asked on the third night of our stay for additional towels we were given 2 hand towels and told that was all they were allowed give us.When we expressed dissatisfaction at the standard of the hotel - we were told that &quot;it is only 2 star, what did you expect?&quot;This place is no more than a (bad) youth hostel and should not even have 2 stars!! Stay away is my advice, there are much nicer small hotels (and much better hostels!) in London who will treat you better.	
Jun 9 2007 	Old and dingy dorm-like atmosphere	Just came back from a 3-night stay at the Shakespeare Hotel last week. It was probably the worst hotel experience I've had. Our room was old, dark, dingy, and smelled musty. Bathroom ceiling had mold growing on it, tiny shower stall was mildewed. Every few minutes, the room vibrated from trains passing by. Noise compounded by loud students upstairs. We paid $150/night; unsure if hotels at that rate are in similar condition but I highly recommend NOT staying at this hotel if you can help it.	
Apr 28 2007 	Basic hotel good location	The hotel is in a great location, -just 2 minutes walk to paddington station and a few stops the leiscter square. The area is safe, but not much going on with regards to pubs, restaurants etc. The hotel is BASIC! tiny room, holes in the floor under the carpet....you get what you pay for, but really its not the worst. however i dont think id stay there again-we had friends staying around the corner at the alexandra hotel and it was definately nicer-cleaner and brighter.	
Oct 14 2006 	Yuk!	My partner and I booked the Shakespeare through the internet, earlier in the year for 4 nights. We arrived exhausted from the journey from Australia to find a group of young international travellers outside the hotel sitting on the steps. 'OK' I thought can handle that. When we got inside there were more young International travellers young women and men being a bit noisy (this was 11.00 pm). The young man behind the reception didn't speak very good English and looked as though he was getting stressed with all the commotion of young people around. We were given our keys and he endeavoured to tell us where our room was. We did find our room after about 5 minutes which was what seemed like in the basement. The noise of the trains was so loud our room shook. The room was grubby plus the young travellers decided to carry on until 4.00 pm in the morning. We didn't get any sleep and were completely exhausted by breakfast. Breakfast was ok but the service wasn't great. The noise in the breakfast room was just as bad as the night before. At this point my partner and I had had enough. We had booked, what we thought to be a three star hotel but this seemed to be more like a Youth Hostel. The Shakespeare is in a lovely location and so near to Paddington which is about the only thing I think it has going for it at present. We did not stay for the full 4 nights and found an excellent hotel on the opposite side of the road for a few pounds more a night than the Shakespeare charged but the difference was amazing. To be fair we were offered another room by the lady on reception and I did ask if it would be quieter which she couldn't guarantee, so what was the point in staying. Before we checked out of the Shakespeare I did check the mattress we had slept on and it was disgusting, ripped and stained not even a mattress cover. This was definately not a 3 star hotel and would probably do better to advertise as a Youth Hostel.	
Oct 6 2006 	Cosy Shakespeare?	We spent almost two weeks in this summer in this hotel. We had a low budget and were not suprised what we got. The bed sheets were replaced only once in our 11 nights visit, but new towels were brought every day, even though we hadn`t even used the old ones yet. The room wasn´t vacuumed even once during our visit. Otherwise the little room was ok. There were some quite noisy german students and the sub went straight under the hotel, trains going every five to ten minutes. It didn`t disturb us though, being so tired after whole days marches trought London... Service is good and the stuff is friendly and helpful. Safetybox didn´t cost a penny.	
Feb 18 2006	Great location noisy hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights in Feb 2006 in a family room which consisted of a double and a single bed.Room had a trouser press,fridge,table,2 chairs,television and en-suite facilities.Ensuite was clean with plenty of towels and toilet paper provided.Asked for more pillows which were provided.Bedspread covers were dirty.Walls are paper thin so you will hear lots of noise from other rooms and also all floorboards creak.Continental breakfast consisted of cereal, juice,coffee/tea,toast,boiled eggs.Internet facilities available in lobby along with pool table and coke machine.Hotel reception has a safe available at no cost for guest use.Hotel location is the best thing about this place as its near Paddington Station for tube and buses...bus 15 will bring you from here as far as Tower Bridge via Oxford St, Regent St, Trafalgar Sq, St Pauls Cathedral and also back to here.Good value restaurants and pubs locally and seems to be a safe place.	
Dec 3 2005	The only good thing is the location...	Alas, that's about it for the Shakespeare. Like the previous reviewer from Denmark, I too had no rest the first 2 nights due to the rowdy students. The next 3 were spent in different rooms but the facilities remained the problem. The rooms were too bare--no shelves for personal items even around the sink and in the shower. The toilets were too cold I had to wear my winter coat. The carpets are in such bad condition. I must say that I did not see a single bug but that's probably because the rooms were too cold.Oh let me qualify about the location. The only thing good is the proximity to Paddington and the Heathrow Express. However, the hotel itself seems to sit right above all the Underground lines. Even up on the 4th floor, you can hear every train that goes by and if you're on the ground floor, you feel the vibration as well.The staff gets an A for trying to resolve my issues but with so little to offer, the Shakespeare just failed on all fronts. You may ask why I simply did not leave? I prepaid and it was too late to cancel. I suggest you spend your hard-earned travel money elsewhere.	
Nov 22 2005	Would rather stay in a tent	This hotel was full of very noisy pupils from Germany. This meant no rest at all during nights. We did not ask for a youth hostel but we got one. We were a family of 5 and because of no sleep we were too tired to see all the attractions in London. The walls are paper thin. You can hear every detail from next door. The floors are creaking, sounds like elephants on top of you. There are fire doors every where and they are extremely heavy and you hear them banging 100 times during day and night. Only the last night the staff could help in getting our daughter and boyfriend moved away from the school children. Just because our daughter and boyfriend are very young it does not mean that the want to stay among drunken Germans and that at full price. The bedspred was extremely dirty and there was no hot water when you wanted it and no heating before 8 pm. Just pay a little bit more and you can get a nice hotel somewhere else.	
Jun 12 2005	Pleasant hotel nice surroundings and location	I stayed at the hotel with my wife and 3 children. It was very a very pleasant stay. The room was spacious and clean. Maybe a bit old and still well maintained. The staff was polite and helpful. Breakfast was simple but all that we needed to start the day; eggs, beans, sausage, toast, cereal, fruits, tea/cofee and milk. Only 2 minutes walk to the Paddington Station. The surroundings was reasonably quiet and very safe. Quite good choice of shops, cafes and restaurants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Extremely good value for money.	
Jul 16 2004	exchange students experience	I stayed there 2 yeras ago while on a side trip for the exchange program and its was good for what we used it for. Its small and dingy and really kind of a crap hole in the wall but if your looking for a place that gives you an experience, stay there. We had a blast and the people who ran I though were very nice. We had breakfast every morning and then we went out to see the city. Its not bad. Not HIGH CLASS but not bad.	
Jun 4 2004	Dorm-like atmosphere clean if threadbare	I got this hotel through London Rooms. Told them where I wanted to be and what I wanted to pay. The location is just a few blocks from Tube and Paddington Station (for 15 minute Express train to Heathrow). Staff was helpful as can be. Since there are no elevators, this can be really important if you have a heavy bag or two. Breakfast is ample but don't expect gourmet. I ended up with a double room at no extra cost as I wanted non-smoking. Shared baths (one with shower, the other WC only) were clean at all times. The nice, big tiled shower was quite welcome. The carpets were threadbare and needed replacing, but the savings were worth it, especially considering how strong the pound is to the dollar. 	
Mar 22 2004	Stay anwhere but Shakespeare!!!!	Stayed here several years ago. If you're looking for a true 16th century experience, this just might be the place. Raw sewage was leaking down the walls outside of our window. Our room absolutely reeked. Most apalling excuse for a &quot;hotel&quot; ever. There are much better places in London for the same price or even less.	
Oct 16 2003	Enjoyed ourselves	My daughter and I stayed at the Shakespeare Hotel two years ago and were very satisfied. Granted, the rooms are small, but we had full English breakfast every morning (included in our price), internet service in the lobby, and maid service was very well done every day. We were especially pleased when, upon storing our larger luggage as we toured other locations overnight, those bags were in our room and waiting for us when we returned. The staff was very nice and got to know us by name by the time we left two weeks later.	
Sep 10 2003	Where's the Shakespeare?	I stayed in a single room for an entire week this past summer. The rates were decent enough, and the location was excellent. It's very close to Paddington Station and the neighborhood has some excellent restaurants, a laundry facility and an internet cafe. The maid service was a bit lacking-I ran out of soap the second day and it was not replaced. The sheets and towels weren't changed often and the room was rather small. It's not bad if you're like me and don't spend a whole lot of time in the room.	
Aug 23 2003	low quality budget hotel	We stayed in this hotel in April 2001. We had a room without bathroom, and unfortunately the shared bathrooms with showers were dirty. The window would not close, so we had a lot of noise from outside during the night. The hotel was also extremely noisy inside, so you'd better take your ear plugs. Staff were friendly. The breakfast was OK, though not impressive. The location close to Paddington Station is good. Book this hotel only if you really have a low travel budget. I would not go there again.	
Jun 25 2003	Was not impressed you get what you pay for.	I was at this hotel several years ago in 1999. The rooms are incredibly small and so are the bathrooms. The bathrooms barely held 2 people at once. For the price and location it is decent at best but absolutely would not stay here again.The walls are paper thin and you can here everything that is going on in the room next to you, and in the hallways. We had a few problems there. When we got to our room, we had to change rooms because of the hot water not working. The room we were switched too had maybe 3 channels working on the TV. Our bed sheets were changed maybe once the whole week-my friend purposely made a lipstick mark on the bedsheets and the mark was still there several days later so they did not change the sheets. The staff (some ramdy greek guys) was helpful but I would spend more $$ next time ot stay in a nicer hotel. If you are cheap and don't care about really small, barely basic rooms, it miht work out for the thrifty traveler.	
Nov 15 2009 	hotel tranquillo		
Oct 24 2009	U-Bahn-Lärm!		
Sep 9 2009 	Hotel sympathique		
Sep 5 2009 	Pas terrible		
Sep 2 2009	Epouvantable		
Aug 21 2009 	pub mensongére (honteux)		
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité prix		
Apr 23 2009 	´Ni se le ocurra		
Apr 14 2009 	Nul		
Apr 5 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Feb 16 2009 	Bon rapport Qualité/Prix		
Jan 5 2009 	Hôtel bien placé		
Jul 4 2008	Grauen im Shakespeare Hotel		
May 8 2008 	Super pratique		
Apr 2 2008 	Grosse arnaque		
Mar 25 2008 	ARNAQUE		
Oct 25 2007 	Hotel convivial		
