Nov 14 2009 	Room problems long delay in fixing it.	I recently booked a twin bedded room at this hotel. On arrival at 2pm both beds were zipped together. I immediately pointed this out to the reservation staff and they told me that my Holiday Inn profile was for a King size bed. I told them that was irrelevent as I had booked on this occasion a twin bedded room. I told them we needed to go out but would return later that afternoon, they told me that the problem would be fixed before our return. On our return the problem was not fixed and they said they had no staff sio we would have to change rooms. The new room was no where near as good as the original and faced the road so was noisy. Furthermore people calling the hotel for us were told we were not at the hotel, they had not logged the room change. This problem dogged us for 2 days and we never did gat any of the messages people left. All in all a pretty poor effort on their behalf.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great till you scratch the surface	Writing from the hotel room where I'm staying 2 nights, and having come down with a bad stomach, I've spent a lot of time in the room. This is your basic Holiday inn express, and much of what you expect from the chain holds true here. The room is large, and very clean, and by UK standards a very nice place. There is a bar and a resturant, and vending machines. Overall the place is very clean, and building is fairly new.The location is on the ring road (a circle road that goes all around London, making it easy to get a cab to Heathrow). It is in Golder's green which is one of the most Jewish neighborhoods in London. As such, Kosher food is available in a special case thats kept seperate from the other foods along with the included continental breakfast (some tasty pastries, cheese, and chocolate spread along with the obligitory cereal's and some fruit), And if you head downhill to golders green, you'll spot a lot of orthodox Jews in traditional clothing.Being on the Ring road, if you keep your windows open, expect a lot of street noise, but with the windows closed and using the white noise provided by the room's central air fan if placed on high, you can effectively block it all out for a good night's sleep.If you step outside the hotel you'll think you're in no mans land, but a short walk up the road is a ZiZi, a fairly tasty Italian Chain. Also there's a bus stop RIGHT outside the hotel door, and 2 stops in either direction on the 82 bus (which runs every 5/10 minutes) there are major neighborhoods. If you take the bus 2 minutes up the hill to the boarder of Finchley (a totally walkable distance, but I'm lazy), on the left hand side is the Two Brother's Fish resturant, which is considered one of the top rated fish places in London, with not only fabulous fish and chips, but all variety of fish dishes. Right past that on a side road is a very good Turkish place. In the other direction (down hill) you come to the Golder's green station (which has an elevator if your negotiating the train with your suitcases, and is also a bus stop for the national coach service) and the very very Jewish golder's green neighborhood. (Warning for those who have never tasted Kosher food, as a rule you're going to be a little let down if you choose a kosher chinese, etc. Its best to stick with places that serve either jewish or Israeli/middle eastern foods, or find a resturant that is NOT kosher.) So whlie there isn't stuff RIGHT outside the door, the bus makes a lot of things easily accessable. Also, at the front desk they keep a HUGE binder full of menus for all the resturants that will deliver if you don't want to go out.There are however a lot of custmer service issues:The air conditioning in my room didn't work. The fan came on but no cooling. The engineer finally came a SECOND time, and found he had to set it to 10 degrees in order to get my room to a comfortable 20 degrees. The internet which is charged at 7.50 a day was IMPOSSIBLY slow. I complained, supposedly the provider was contacted and increased the speed, but it simply went from impossibly slow to painfully slow.The TV only has about 5 channels, you can also get two radio channels via the TV.I had left the room for lunch, placing the &quot;do no disturb' sign on my door and leaving the TV on to drive home the point. I came back an hour later to find it had been ignored. My bed had been fixed, the TV was off, and the do not disturb sign was lying on the floor INSIDE my room (so it wasn't that it fell off before they opened the door). Luckily I had locked up my suitcase before I left, but still... AND while sitting in my room another maid opened my door WITHOUT KNOCKING to inspect that they had cleaned it.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice stay	This hotel costed us less, which I think is due to its location. It is almost placed at a remote area in London. There are no utlity shops around or there is choice to eat. No wonder this hotel was serving dinner.The check-in was smooth - I have now accepted this as standard in all Holiday Inns. They gave us a twin room instead of a double bed - I guess I forgot to check the room option.But, it proved to be a better deal as we joined the beds and the joined-double bed was much bigger than a normal double bed. Obviously, that ate up the couch space, but we wouldn't have used it anyway. I also felt that the TV at this holiday inn had more options somehow. However, the breakfast did not live upto expectations - there were much less options here. The worse thing was that the nearest tube station (Finchley Central) was 15-20 minute brisk walk away.But, overall a nice hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	A nice hotel in the suburbs	This hotel is new. Staff is efficient and friendly. The rooms are average size and tastefully decorated. Beds are comfortable and there is a nice bathroom. Lifts are modern and spacious. For the first time my wife did not have claustrophobia in a lift! Breakfast is a bit too frugal for our taste as we are used to more choice. The hotel's only major drawback is it's location. Even with a bus stop in front of the door it is quite far from London's tourist attractions. On the other hand the hotel would be more expensive if it was nearer to central London.	
Jan 10 2009 	Somewhere To Consider	Usual Express by Holiday Inn - modern room with shower, toilet, sink, TV, desk, comfy bed, open wardrobe. Basics are covered, unless dressing gowns and mini-bars are what you call basics! Breakfast is included and, again covers all the basics.Located at Henly's Corner (very busy road where the north Circular and the A1 meet fleetingly before going their separate ways) so could be handy if you're driving. If you do turn up here with a car, street parking is plentiful, so don't bother paying to park at the hotel. There's a bus stop outside with buses to Victoria (number 82), or Willesden (460). Both go to Golders Green Underground Stn (south) and North Finchley (north). Transport for London's website predicts a journey time of c45 mins to get to Tottenham Court Road tube stn. I did it in a little less. There are several restaurants towards Golders Green with a range of international cuisines. I found the staff very friendly as I usually do at Express by Holiday Inn. The room seemed bigger than usual. Three gripes1 - The TV didn't have all the channels which was due to problems they had over Christmas and hadn't managed to resolve yet. This won't be a long term issue, obviously.2 - Traffic noise from the North Circ was a bit annoying. It's not so much the constant drone of the traffic but emergancy service vehicles passing through, it has to be said, I was in a room closest to the road. Maybe an extra layer of glazing on the windows would help.3 - My sandwich from their fridge in the lobby was stale.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great value for money	Nice sized rooms, flat screen TV, wireless internet (for a fee), comfortable bed, quiet (I heard nothing from the street or adjoining rooms) compact but well designed bathroom (shower but no bath). A 20 minute (brisk) walk to Finchley tube, a tiny car park but plenty of on-street parking nearby. Great to have a kosher breakfast.Good business hotel for those who need to be near the kosher facilities of NW London mid-week and a good leisure hotel for weekend visits for shabbat (they even have shabbat keys for the rooms)	
Sep 9 2008 	Nice hotel - not so handy location for London	I booked this hotel purely because i was planning on driving into London and needed a hotel with a car park, this one does have a small but sufficient car park and in any case there seems to be good street parking in the area.it's a nice new unit built around 2006 and very clean and well maintained.The rooms seem slightly bigger than normal and the room rate is ok, it certainly isn't cheap but for London it is reasonable.Breakfast has pretty much what you expect from an express and a range of kosher foods in a seperate fridge.The hotel has no restaurant and the nearest ones are a bit of a hike away towards Finchley or Golders green, it's not a rough area but I did note that the late shops in the area both have the guy on the cash register and another member of staff just &quot;there&quot; so presumably there is a slight history of problems. There is a choice of International cuisine and they all looked very inviting, the prices seemed very good too.I took to tube (london underground) to Golders Green to get to the hotel and paid another £8 to a minicab to get to the hotel, the next morning I walked to Finchley central, this again is a fair walk and not one I'll be doing again, on the plus side though, buses seem to run frequently past the hotel between Golders Green and Finchley. My tip is to get on the northern line and get off at Finchley Central, walk out of the tube, turn left to the busy road, left again and just keep walking/catch a golders green bus.I personally think that if you are visiting central London, this hotel would not be a sensible choice, it is too far out and too far from a tube station, however, the car parking might swing it.For the same money (in fact if you factor in the minicab fares) LESS money, you can do better in London. I'd stay here again, but only as a last resort, the hotel is fine, it's just in the wrong place for the things I do in the capital.	
Aug 26 2008 	Cheap nice but far from everything	Very great value hotel.For a reasonable price you have nice room (we had a family room, 2 adults and 2 children), breakfast and car parking (not usual in London).Bathroom is perfect with great shower.Very good breakfast, lot of kasher food if you look for it.Only problem is that isn't near the tube station. It takes a 20min. walking but there are also buses just out the hotel's door to get there.Not very much near the hotel. For restaurant or supermarket you have to walk.Anyway, a good hotel just to sleep and breakfast.	
Aug 11 2008 	Comfortable stay	Stayed here for 2 nights in June while attending a concert at Twickenham. Got a room much cheaper than standard rate by booking online and also booking early. The hotel is situated on a busy road on a very busy junction and it was quite difficult to cross the road when getting off the bus as no crossing! The local buses stop right outside the hotel every few mins. Golders Green bus and tube station is a 5min bus ride away, which offers excellent links to the rest of London. The hotel is new and very clean &amp; modern. Our room was spacious and very comfortable. It overlooked the busy junction but it wasn't very noisy. You could see Wembley stadium in the distance from the window. The bathroom was lovely with a good power shower.The buffet breakfast (included in price) was good with a variety of cereals, pastries, yoghurt, fruit, toast, cheese etc. Only problem was all the staff were foreign, and sometimes it was hard for them to understand you, though they were helpful with our requests for a later check out and takeaway menu's. There is no restaurant but we had takeaway was delivered to the hotel at reasonable prices. I think we were the only English people staying in the hotel and because the staff weren't English either, it did feel like we were staying in another country, not London! But we did enjoy our stay and have no complaints.	
Jun 23 2008 	Good Value for money	We got a family room for £60.00 per night. This is not the standard rate.The price included a continental breakfast for the four of us.The en suite room was spacious, air conditioned, with some premium sky channels. Although it is on the North Circular Road there was minimal traffic noise. If you take your car there is free parking within the hotel, if this is full there is no problem with parking nearby. If traveling like we were using buses and tubes, the No. 82 bus stops outside every 10 minutes and takes you into central London in approx 30 mins. The tube station is a 10 minute walk away but again you can use the No. 82 bus Northbound. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel for people on a budget and who are prepared to travel a bit further than a centrally situated hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel is very clean and comfortable. Tip: If you join the Priority Club Reward Card (which is free on the website) you get a free morning paper Monday to Friday.	
May 6 2008	Book somewhere else	Very disappointing stay. We had a 6 week child travelling with us and the hotel airconditioning was not working. The room temperature exceeded 24 degrees and we spent the whole night in an uncomfortable room.The hotel could not even provide a fan for our child.The airconditioning in this hotel seems to be a running problem based on other reviews.AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COST...	
Apr 3 2008 	Great stay!	stayed in a family room 28th march 2008. Lovely clean modern room. Bathroom excellent, high quality shower ( i own a bathroom showroom) very clean and shinny new. Contiental breakfast , very nice choice of breads , cheeses , cereal , toast , crossiants , muffins. Fresh fruit juices and hot drinks. Ample to set you up for a day in London. Hotel charges £10 per day to park in their carpark , but there is really no need as you can park outside the hotel on the road for free , and its safe to do so. Finchley tube station a short walk away , 7mins or so , direct into kings cross. Close by to wembly stadium and brent cross shopping center. Ideal place to stay for a base to travel into or around london. Have booked to go again in the summer.	
Mar 2 2008 	A dissappointment	Stayed here for 3 nights in Feb and will never venture into this hotel again. The room itself was quite pleasant until we found out the shower dripped out water and washing my hair ended up taking 30 mins which was just ridiculous. Also, the air conditioning was broken in the whole hotel, as such we had to sleep with the window open. This was horrendous as we were on Henleys corner, one of the busiest cross road in london and the noise was just unbearable. We never slept for three nights. The manager of the hotel was a young boy who has no experience dealling with the public. When my husband asked for the bill to be presented in a special (some business, some pleasure) we were told it was impossible. We have always done this in other holiday inns with no bother, so this was put down to laziness. When my husband stood his ground - he gave in. The breakfast area was busy so we had to sit in receptin balancing plates on our knees. The carpark cost £10 a day and ususally manned by an attendant. However, many a time he was no where to be seen and I had to get out the car and go into reception to ask someone to come out and lift the barrier. A bit of a pain at midnight in the pouring rain. Normally, we stay at Holiday inn brent cross which is a much superior hotel but we thought we'd give this brand new hotel a try. Take my advice don't touch this hotel with a bargepole. It's expensive when you include the car park so my advice is stay in at the holiday inn brents cross!	
Jan 18 2008 	Good hotel for a London weekend	I stayed at the hotel with my boyfriend on a weekend break. I would like to say firstly how flexible the staff were. Orrigionally I had booked this for an office party, but that was postponed. The staff let me change the date eventhough I had booked a non-refundable room.We drove down to the hotel and when coming deon the M1 this hotel is the easiest thing to find; down M1, goes on to A1, follow that, follow that some more and then on a big crossing you see the hotel, turn left and straight right, onto the parking. People have complained about the parking here, but we found it very good. Not big, but there was space and the staff were very helpfull.The lounge looked lovely, this being a new hotel, everything is new. The same goes for the rooms; clean, modern, lovely bathroom and flatscreen tv.The breakfast buffet is good and offers an extensive range of cereal etc and also some halal food.The staff were helpful and while their English was not the first language for all staff, their range of languages must come in handy in London.Getting into the city is quite easy; bus or walk to Golder's Green tube and then the Northern line. At night, when the tubes stop you can get the N13 back to the hotel which stops outside the hotel. That is brilliant because they run all night. So you can go out and come back to this hotel and then drive out of London and not worry about the congestion charge.I would go back to this hotel if I want to stay in London.	
Aug 13 2007 	Kosher!!	Brand new Holiday Inn express on the North Circular+veBrand new and high spec for a &quot;budget&quot; chainSwanky BarGreat staff - all trying their best to help you not being overwhelmingTake away menus and you can eat in the barFresh cofee and Kosher fridge at breakfastPleasent location despite being on the North CircBarely any traffic noise-veParking is expensive BUT you can park for free in neighbouring streets that appear very safe.Finchley tube station actually a 0.8 mile awayMugs slightly too narrow for the flash coffee machine (I did not notice but someone else mentioned it - must be good if that is only complaint!)	
Sep 14 2009 	Gutes günstiges Vorstadthotel mit guter Verkehrsanbindung		
May 10 2009 	Impeccable		
