Apr 5 2009 	It is Crap- DO NOT STAY THERE	My partner and I stayed for one night. We booked it at the last minute. It looked lovely from the outside and it was in a good location. The room was not brilliant the carpet was dirty. We had a shared bathroom and it was a nightmare to get a chance to use it! when we finally managed to use it there was no toilet paper and no one at the so called 24 hour reception to ask for toilet paper. We recon they are so tight that they only leave one roll in the toilet at a time!Then we went for breakfast oh i wish we hadn't! YUK!! It was THE WORST BREAKFAST EVER!! when it arrived on our table it looked pathetic it was a spoonful of beans one bacon one egg (which you needed a steak knife to cut it with) and the tiniest sausage I’ve ever seen. But then i actually tried it and i was nearly sick! it looked like it had all been reheated a 100 times! A breakfast well worth missing!!	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice little hotel!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel from 31/12/08 for 3 nights. It is in a great location on a quiet street and about a 2 minute walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras stations so ideal for the underground. We had a basic double room and I was expecting it to be small but it was quite large and had a washbasin in it. The room also had a fridge with a small freezer compartment in! This was ideal for keeping our drinks in. The room also has a tv with a dvd player built in too. We didnt manage to have any breakfast so I can't comment on what that was like. Overall it is a nice hotel and it was cheap considering we went over new year. It is not a luxury hotel but it is in a good, quiet location and I would stay again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Location..... Served its purpose	I booked this hotel at the very last minute an event in London. I was looking for a cheap comfortable hotel as close to the centre of London as possible. The location of this hotel is fantastic as its only a 2 minute walk to Kings Cross Station.I booked this hotel on a third-party web site however upon arrival they had no booking for me. They were very friendly and found me another room which was available.The rooms are very small however they had ensuite facilities (shower dribbles) and television in the rooms. The hotel web site says parking is available outside the hotel HOWEVER it is 6 pence per minute and please take note that you can only stay for MAXIMUM of 2hrs with no return. On Saturdays after 1330 and all day Sunday it is free to park there for as long as you like. Another point to note if driving, both ends to Argyle Street are no entry as its a one way system. I found my way in via Crestfield Street and Argyle Square!I went out in the evening and didn't return until the early hours of the morning. The hotel is 24hr access however I had to stand out side ringing the doorbell for 15 minutes before anyone answered!For a cheap hotel this is a fantastic stay. I only paid £50 for a double ensuite room and I must say even though there were faults, you definatley get value for money for central London.Overall, a good clean basic hotel which is fabulously located only 2 minutes from Kings Cross Station. The staff are very friendly and helpful.	
Jul 14 2008	Dont book this hotel	Dont trust the people who run this hotel!! Booked a room through TravelStay.com just over 3 months in advance. On the morning of our arrival they telephoned my home address to see if I still wanted the booking. Yes i replied.On reaching the hotel I was told by the receptionist that my room was already taken and that because they didnt want to lose my custom, they had booked me into another hotel just around the corner. the receptionist led us there. She took us down into the basement where the room was located. It smelt of urine and body odour, the light fitting was hanging off the ceiling, the windows and mirrors hadnt ever seen a cloth, the bedding stank of body odour etc etc...To put the smell problem right, the receptionist went back to the LISA COURT HOTEL and returned with some air freshener which she promptly sprayed around the corridor, the room and then into the carpet!!! Unbelievable..Having read the reviews on TravelStay I was looking forward to a clean and pleasant stay, not to be led to a hovel round the corner.	
May 28 2008 	Dirty Sheets	The price was cheap so we did not expect luxeries for our stay there. It was centrally located and quiet at night. Shared bath facilities was clean. Saturday night was a battle to get near the loo though but otherwise it was ok. We stayed there for 3 nights. On arrival the room had clean sheets , coffee and tea sachets etc..However the room was NOT cleaned for 3 days. No clean Sheets..NO fresh Towels and NO extra coffee and tea bags. The bin overflowed with rubbish. The window was BROKEN and to open it we had to prop it up with a coke can or the trash bin! The TV was a waste of time because there was zero signal..Pathetic. The breakfast consisted of a hot dog and baked beans and an egg..not what I call english breakfast..but again for the price..the toast was good.Would I go again? No! no matter how cheap and convenient..clean sheets and clean towels is a MUST. I see they have now increased their price . I really hope that includes an upgrade in the service and sheets offered!Cheers	
Apr 7 2008 	Don't Go	I had to stay in London overnight and had read reviews on this hotel and thought I would take a chance. My room was single with no en suite which was fine. The room was very small, TV didn't work and one of the socket had blown. The bed was okay and the sheets clean and it was quiet. The toilet didn't flush, the second toilet had no toilet paper (so take tissues or toilet paper). The breakfast, well, I don't consider baked beans, one fried egg, slice of ham, and a thin hot dog breakfast. I was asked if I wanted tea or coffee, I choose tea, it was delivered in a cup with tea bag. I was grateful for a roof over my head, but suggest to look somewhere else. I know I paid 35 pounds, but at least make sure the appliances work, walls are painted and it doesn't look like a slum room.	
Mar 24 2008 	Lisa Hotel - Cheap but...	I booked this hotel for 1 night (Saturday) - a single room was only £30, which is very cheap for such a central location and many hotels in this area won't accept a one night booking at weekends. On the positive side, despite its central location, it was actually quiet at night. I knew that the room wasn't ensuite and for £30 I didn't expect it. But there weren't enough bathrooms or toilets and the water flow was very poor so that it took ages for a toilet cistern to re-fill once it had been flushed. Also, it's a small hotel without a lift and I had to go down 2 flights of stairs to the nearest toilet, so it's not suitable for a disabled person. The lock on the bedroom door was very flimsy and could easily have been forced with a hard push. The wardrobe had no hangers whatsoever. The hotel website advertises that the full English breakfast is served until 10 am on Sunday mornings but when I arrived at 9.30 I was told that they stopped serving at 9am. I was offered tea and toast but no discount. I'd probably try somewhere else next time. There are a lot of cheap hotels in this street and the adjoining ones, so it's worth looking nearby.	
Aug 13 2009 	hotel avec chambre dégueulasse !!!!		
Apr 14 2009 	A eviter		
Aug 11 2008 	NON NON NON !!!		
