Nov 16 2009 	Very disappointing	I found this through trip advisor and thought it looked like an interesting modestly priced alternative to the other London hotels. I was very disappointed. It is located in a side street opposite a block of flats. Its style is retro - if retro means bare wooden floors and tables. There are lots of pubs in the area with lovely Victorian glass etc - this is the opposite. Our room was modest but at the top of two flights of narrow stairs up which i had to carry a 25kg case! The shower was almost impossible to adjust properly and the shower stall was minute. Officially the worst of many awful showers on this trip.It advertises itself as a gastro pub and we had breakfast 2 mornings - most of the food was from a packet. The toast was white bread with no option. Everything arrived at once and the coffee was lousy. Still it was cheap and the girl who booked us in was friendly.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wanna keep the Harrison a secret but others deserve the pleasure too!!!	First, the hotel is so good it should get more business, but I don't want it all booked next time I'm in London. I stayed at the Harrison two nights on my way in and one on the way out of Britain, mid-July and early August. I was there with my wife, and some friends going to the same event stayed there too. The hotel, third floor, four rooms, with a pub on the ground floor, is run by the owner, who had no trouble with our arriving early and quite late respectively on both bookings. The staff, which is minimum, and himself, are very helpful and friendly. They will also tip you on London stuff if asked. When our friends had some trouble to leave on time for Heathrow, the owner was ready to help them with all the arrangements neededBreakfast is enormous, filling and delicious, it kept me going for the rest of the day. We had the veggie option. A banquet. And you can order it to your room at no extra cost.The rooms are very spacious compared to similar places, clean, not hospital-clean, but in really good shape, the beds are great and the bathrooms are small but not at all tiny. There is a TV with a DVD player, and a small number of movies available if you want to see them. You can make tea or coffee in your room.Location: It's a short walk from Kings Cross, in a completely residential neighborhood, really quiet, I even got to see a red fox on the lawn in front. It is a healthy walk, maybe 20 minutes, to the British Museum (if you are a commited walker).In all, I should compare the Harrison with other places I've stayed at in London. In common with others, steep stairs, small bathroom. Everything else is better. Best toilet paper ever, toiletries are excellent, Neutrogena, not the detergent like stuff I've seen elsewhere. The rooms are, again, really big for London standards. And it has a cozy, homely air that helps you rest better. Bedsheets, towels perfectly clean. Mmh, you can tell I loved it.	
May 6 2009 	Lovely pub with rooms close to Bloomsbury.	Stayed here recently and found it a pleasure -- lovely staff, very pleasant, clean and simple accomodation with a fab breakfast served in your room if you want it. The pub itself is in a quiet residential street about five minutes walk from King's Cross/St Pancras or 10-15 minutes from Russell Square tube. The rooms are two flights up above the pub itself. Not the place if you are disabled or have dificulty with your mobility, but otherwise great. The room was very simply but beautifully furnished and larger than I expected. Wifi access was free and easy to access throughout the building. Staff were really friendly and helpful and the breakfast which is included in the price was good. There was quite a lot of noise from the downstairs pub in the evenings, but it quieted down after 11pm and it didn't bother me, but might make it trickty for people with small children. Overall good value for the area -- you'd pay at least as much if not more for accomodation in a hotel which was nowhere near as good. Recommended for short stays or weekend breaks.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Breakfast warm welcome and very pleasant stay	We stayed for one night on a Saturday and were very pleased. The room was small but clean and modern, bathroom nice and clean, and best of all a huge breakfast was included in with the price which, if you wanted, you could have in your room.Located 10 mins from St Pancras and 5 mins from Russel Square tube we found it an ideal base for a weekend in London. The rooms are above a pub in a residential area so we were a little concerned about noise but we had no problems. The pub is actually only open for private parties on Saturday nights and by the time we returned at 12.30 it was shut up, and noone is aloud outside with drinks after 10pm so they are very considerate landlords.We had a warm welcome, our bags were looked stored after we checked out until we returned to collect them and we had a great Sunday roast (served until 7pm on Sundays). We will return!	
Mar 12 2009 	A Hidden Gem	I found the Harrison through Late Rooms.com and took a chance as i was on a budget and i could not have been more impressed. They advertise themselves as 'A Hidden Gem' and it is exactly that.The staff were welcoming and friendly, our room felt like home from home and the breakfast was just the icing on the cake!for £50 bed &amp; breakfast per room you cannot go wrong!	
Sep 27 2009 	Muy buen hotel y bien situado		
