Nov 7 2009 	Terrible experience at Delmere Hotel	I will never stay at the Delmere Hotel again!!I was treated in the most disrespectful way when there was confusion about my booking which was off by one day. The Manager insisted on charging me for the mistaken day despite my having booked three nights stay. Most would have accomodated the mistake (regardless of whose fault) given the the multiple night booking, but not at the Delmere. They insisted on charging me and were so rude I left and booked into the Hilton Paddington. I WILL NEVER BE BACK! Too many better hotels in the area!!	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location very nice hotel	We stayed in this hotel for three nights. The location is great, very close to Paddington station which made it easy to go back to drop things / pick things up during the day. There are also a lot of restaurants in the neighbourhood, so you have a lot of choice. The room was very nice and clean. The breakfast was good, a nice buffet with the option of ordering full english breakfast. The full english was made to order and very nice. We will stay here again next time!	
Oct 22 2009 	No heat in late September - early October	No heat of any kind in the hotel (and no air conditioning other than very small portable room fan). Sept. had a cold spell plus maid left the windows open all day, so when I returned late evening, felt like I was sleeping outside - this happened several times. Put on four layers of shirts and had two blankets, but still cold. This went on for most of my 19 day stay during Sept.-Oct. 2009. Brick-concrete 100 yr old Victorian bldg has no insulation. I have stayed here several times in the past and found it extremely convenient to Heathrow Express about a ten minute walk, trains to Oxford and north of London, two tube stations nearby, 30 minute walk to concerts at Royal Albert Hall, 20 minute walk to Kensington Palace, grocery stores in Paddington Train Station for snacks ten minute walk, so no spend money on taxis. Always clean room, but very small. Only five hangers for my long stay with good clothes, but staff could not locate even one extra hanger for me when I asked more than once. Hair dryer was taped to work. Hassle to use the room safe. New flat screen TV was nice. Only one hotel computer and was out of order at least three times when I really depended on it, so I missed a very important meeting. Continental breakfast OK, but it never changes if you stay several days. Breakfast room always clean. Remodeled some curtains in hotel. Quiet back rooms, but front rooms have some traffic noise 7am- 10pm. Current staff friendly and professionally trained. Problem in general is London hotels are notoriously small and too expensive with unpredictable quality and just cannot give the value compared with ANY hotel in the United States. I do not think any American would be statisfied with any London hotel. I have stayed in about a dozen London hotels. I hope this one would have been adequate given its good location to the trian station, but now I am not sure. Lift but several rooms are inaccessible via lift.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location; but tiny stuffy rooms	PLUS - This hotel is in a really great location - 2 min walk from Paddington Station and lots of bars, restaurants and convenience stores nearby. Only 10 min walk to Hyde Park too. Continental breakfast is good and the staff were friendly. Free internet also.NEGATIVES - our room was on the third floor and it was soooooooo hot and stuffy that it actually ruined our stay! The temperature was 20 degrees and we were dying at night, so I dread to think how warm the rooms on this floor would get in the summer months.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location wonderful staff	We stayed in room 307 for 5 nights. The room was very small, typical of London, but very clean. Very clean small bathroom. Shower only. Our room overlooked the alley, so it was quiet. Nice soap and shampoo in the bathroom. Remember to pack a face cloth, they aren't supplied. The young staff that work in the hotel are excellent both at the front desk and at breakfast. The continental breakfast was complimentary with our room. Perfect for us, bread, rolls, croissant, cheese, ham, cereal, juices, yogurt, coffee &amp; tea. We ate there every morning. The location is great, an easy walk from Paddington Station, and all it has to offer. Lots of restaurants nearby. Easy walk to Hyde Park, Kenningston Gardens &amp; Palace. The little bar in the hotel is a nice touch as was the free internet in the basement level den.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great Location Value for money.	I stayed her at beginning of September for a week. The hotel is one of many of converted apartment houses. Thus the rooms are a bit cramped but very well done. I stayed in room 302 and had a double bed with small night tables on either side. There was a desk with chair and another chair in the room. A narrow closet held additional linen and pillows along with accommodating my clothes. There was also a narrow shelf on the wall holding a kettle with teapot and two cups and saucers. There was tea of course, instant coffee (regular and decaf) with sugar and sweet &amp; low. I liked the choice of cream or milk too. The bathroom was small but a very good use of space, no tub but very good shower enclosure. The towels were good as were the liquid soaps at the sink and in the shower. There is a flat screen TV on the wall facing the bed with a nice selection of channels and a clock attached below. The room is well lit and the bed very comfortable. No air-con but there was a fan, which I didn't need. The window opened onto the street so you have the noise of the road below but with the window closed it was bearable. The heavy curtains kept out the early morning sun too. The free wireless internet was great, the login code changes everyday at noon but that was not problem, just asked the friendly front desk staff for it. They were very helpful at check-in with no problems experienced and they held my bag while I explored the city until the 2pm check-in time. My bags had already been taken to my room when I returned at 3pm. Very welcomed. There is a small elevator, a small terrace outside the small bar/lounge and a small dining room in basement where you can get breakfast. Unfortunately I never ate there so cannot rate the food or service. There are many dining options along the roads within walking distance as well as at Paddington Rail Station, which is only a 5 minute walk away. Great if you are coming in on the Heathrow Express train. In all a very good experience.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good value	I stayed in a twin room for one night. The room was very small, with the beds about a foot apart; however, they were able to fit a desk and extra chair in the room, which was nice. Not a room you would want to hang out in but perfectly fine as a base for exploring London. Paddington Station is a five minute walk from the hotel. The room was not air-conditioned, but they provided a fan, which helped. Though the room itself was clean, I have to take off a star for the absolutely filthy curtain in the bathroom. Since the window is right above the sink, it was impossible to avoid noticing the grime and stains on this curtain, and every time the breeze blew it toward me, I would jump out of the way because I didn't want it to touch me, it was that nasty. Otherwise, this hotel was a good value.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good	Hotel was acceptable for a few nights, the room was very small but adequate especially for a business traveller. The staff where very nice and could not do enough for me. The free internet was great as well.I did have to ask for more tea and milk but that was not a problem. I would suggest a good book as there are only five tv channels, freeview wouldn't go amiss.Breakfast was nice but the dining room got awfully full after 8 amRates and location are good, it is what it is, if you want more then pay more	
Jul 18 2009 	Not impressed! Staff abrupt not too friendly service non existant!!	After booking a room at the Admiral Hotel which is opposite the Delmere we were moved to the Delemere as they has a water damage in our room, the gentleman at the Admiral was very politeand sibcere my than i can say about the staff at the Delemere. The room 205 was in need of a refurb!! The wardrobe was filthy inside, the bed was not made on;y half done, the cups and saucers had stains inside, gteaspoons still had coffee on it!! At breakfast we waited to be seated only to be met by a grumpy waitress who lacked in communication skills, she brought our coffee and never saw her again, We were expecting a hot buffet breakfast, unfortunatelt there is no english breakfast, felt likethat none of the staff seemed to really look after their guest, this is my first and last time at a Best Western Hotel!!	
Jul 17 2009 	Good value -- great location	We were only going to be in London 2 nights and had an early departure out of Heathrow so we wanted to be near Paddington Station to get the express train. This hotel is very convenient to Paddington Station and Metro stop. Our room was very small but included tv, fan, hairdryer, coffee/tea service. Bathroom, though small, was very clean with good storage shelves. Our room was on the back side and was very quiet even though we slept with the window open. Free internet was great. Breakfast was not included in our rate. There is a nice lounge/sitting area if you feel you need more space for reading/relaxing. We found a nice modern Italian restaurant a few blocks away.	
Jun 7 2009 	This is an excellent clean well decorated hotel.	Though the room was small, it was very clean and beautifully decorated. It has obviously been renovated recently. The wall paper, rug, bed covering were tasteful and clean. The room was small and it was amazing to see how many amenities could be added to such a small room, including TV, fan, desk, closet, night stands. The bathroom, also small, had counter tops with nice touches like Kleenex, hand towels, and hand soap. It was a vast improvement over the hotel we stayed in the previous week in London. It is also very close to Paddington Station and two subway stations and restaurants.	
May 19 2009 	Great Cheap Paddington Hotel	I was looking for a clean, cheap hotel close to Paddington Station and thats exactly what I got. Rooms are quite basic, clean and on the small side but perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. Free internet was a nice bonus.There are lots of restaurants on the door step and Paddington train station is less than 5 minutes walk away.	
Apr 23 2009 	Mind your head!!!	I had previously stayed at the Best Western Paddington Court so was looking for something more when I found I had to travel to the London at short notice.The Delmere was a disappointment in that the rooms were tiny. My suitcase took up a lot of space in the room.I really wonder how they managed to squeeze in the attached bathroom.!!!The buffet breakfast was passable but I made up my mind there and then never to return to the Delmere again even if it meant that my stay cost a little more.	
Jan 4 2009 	Just loved it...	We had poured over review after review for hotels in London and were getting a bit discouraged. Our budget seemed to limit us to hotels with medium-low reviews. But apon arrival we were pleasently surprised! We arrived to meet friendly staff who helped coordinate our lost baggage and its safe arrival from the airport into our room. They had offered recomendations for areas to walk, pubs to visit... Our room was small, granted - but, that's Europe. If you're looking for a resort type holiday, this is not the place to stay. Don't go in expecting the 'American' style Best Western experience. Most of these hotels don't have pools, work out rooms, large suite like rooms or large public areas. But, if you're like us and just want a clean, safe, comfortable place to rest at the end of a long day of exploring. This is the place for you. Most important to note, even though there is a lift, you may still have some stairs to get to your room. The food was good, (My fiance still raves about the coffee...), the area was really nice, great access to transportation, and as I said the hotel was clean, friendly and safe. It's a place I'd definitely go back to.	
Nov 16 2008	Clean and Great Location	After staying at the Gresham for three nights--prebooked--I walked down the street to the Best Western for three more nights. I was not staying at the Gresham any longer, and I agree with the bad comments in a previous post. Though the front door folks were friendly and nice to us. For the same price and breakfast, the Best Western was a wondeful change, as it was CLEAN and looked as if it had been recently redone. I agree small, but it was CLEAN. There was also a very comfortable sitting room in the basement. Don't use their computer, as it overpriced, much cheaper alternatives in the neighborhood. The Paddington area is not that great, but the location is great. It's within walking distance to Marble Arch and all that surrounds it. I used the Tube to go everywhere. Evans Tours picked me up for a couple of long all day tours in front of Paddington Hilton and dropped me off at Gloucester Road tube, so only a couple of stops from Paddington. We had a hard time with restauants in the Paddington area. We liked a wine bar and I think an Italian restaurant called Jax (I think it's chain), which was pretty good, two blocks down on a side street off Sussex Gardens. Also a Cafe Nero on that street. The pubs were not so good, or at least we didn't find the right one.	
Jul 9 2008 	Uuugggghhhh!	We booked late, a sure sign of trouble. We wanted to share a room to save a little $ and took a room with 2 single beds that were pushed together. Even with the beds together, the room was extremely small and my friend and I were stepping all over one another. The blanket and bedspread had what looked like semen stains, the beds were extremely hard. One night I listened to a couple arguing for 5 minuets, another, I was awoken by a guest or staff member throwing up in the back garden area. The hallways, elevator, bathrooms are all so tiny. The room had no iron, the shower area a bit moldy and paper-thin walls. Dinner was okay but skip breakfast here. The only plus was a good meal in the restaurant (over priced but okay), the room had a hair dryer, and it was three blocks from Paddington Station. This is a nice neighborhood, but if you wait until the last minute to book the Hilton, skip this place. You would be better off in a hostel!	
Oct 23 2007	clean basement room yours for $200 a night	Down the stairs, outside into the airshaft, and the door to my room (and four others) was right there: how convenient. Small room, with two tiny twin beds (I'm 1m87, tiny is not fun); very clean, with modern bathroom. Decent English breakfast, served by pleasant staff. Don't buy Internet access; if your computer will not interface with their system, they will NOT refund your money. Of course, you find this out only after you have paid. They stole 3.5 (1 hour access) from me, but the overnight rate is over 10 pounds, so it could have been worse. For $200, an absolute ripoff, even in London. I've stayed in several hotels near Paddington in recent years; the Delmere is, by far, the worst of the lot.	
Aug 3 2007 	Clean safe and excellent value	All you could possibly need for an overnight stay in London. Rooms are small but immaculate, there is a really comfortable loung with hsia and breakfast was a much less stressful experience than in larger hotels which often involves a long wait.Walking distance from Paddington and a few nice pubs and restaurants around. It had the feeling of a family run hotel and I felt very secure too.	
Feb 24 2007	Pretty good place.	Pretty decent location. Smallish but clean room, and an adequate breakfast.	
Feb 21 2007	Overpriced	The hotel is located on a street that has about 15 other identical hotels on it. Rooms, hallways, breakfast area, reception, stairs are all quite small.Room was clean and quiet.Breakfast choice is limited and I would avoid paying for it if it's not included in your room rate.It's about 5-7 minute walk to the Lancaster gate tube station which is often crowded since this area of London has literally hundreds of &quot;budget&quot; hotels which still charge extortionate prices. Your money can go a lot further than this place and if you shop around you can find hotels that are not only more central but better in size and quality for the same price.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great Little Hotel	Was supposed to stay down the road at the Gresham hotel but their rooms weren't suitable (see my review for that hotel!) so 30 seconds down the road and we found this hotel- what a relief! They only had smoking rooms left but the only way we knew it was smoking was the ashtray and matches! The room did not smell of smoke and nor did we end up smelling of it either. The room was small but adequate for our needs for one night and in a good location. The room was spotlessly clean and well maintained and everything worked! The noise from the road wasn't an issue for us and the bed was reasonably comfortable. Breakfast was nice and simple and all the staff on reception were friendly. Would definately stay here again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Truly awful hotel!!!	Do not stay here if you value a good night's sleep!! The noise from the road outside was loud and continuous but didn't quite succeed in drowning out the noise coming from the rooms above and beside us. I don't think we slept a wink that night! We knew that it was a twin room but what we weren't expecting was two single beds, head to head with a large headboard between us. The room was only marginally bigger than a shoe box and got very stuffy at night, and the bathroom was the smallest I've ever seen.The breakfast was not the best we've ever had (!) and I agree with previous reviews that the restaurant area itself leaves a lot to be desired.All in all, I'd say avoid this hotel - there are plenty of other ones along the same road that looked a lot nicer (certainly their reception areas looked a lot more welcoming than this one).	
Oct 2 2006 	Terrible hotel!!	A truly awful London hotel. Convenient for Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express, but otherwise has absolutely nothing going for it. With plenty of other 3-star hotels in the neighbourhood to choose from, I recommend you go elsewhere. The room was incredibly small, cramped and stuffy, as were all of the public spaces within the hotel. The bathroom was revolting with mould in the shower and used soap on the basin (!). The towels were as stiff as boards and the size of postage stamps. The bedlinen was crumpled and tatty although thankfully (apparently) clean. The noise from outside was overwhelming, but drowned out the noise from upstairs until first thing in the morning. I had an early train and although reception had agreed to provide breakfast 15 minutes before &quot;official&quot; breakfast times, the kitchen had not been informed and this was not available. The reception staff were surly and rude and far more interested in chatting among themselves than serving guests. All in all, not a pleasant stay. Avoid.	
Sep 11 2006 	Great Location	Great location for attending a function in Hyde Park, handy for Paddington. Unfortunatley our request for a non smoking room was unable to be met, hence a musty room with cigarette burns in the blanket. Our room on the 4th floor was compact but as we were only using it for a base &amp; to sleep for the weekend it was fine. As the room was an attic room it was extremely hot, resulting in our need to keep the window open all night &amp; as the hotel is situated on a busy road with a large hospital around the corner not much sleep was gained that night. Having said that when we asked for a fan from reception the following morning one was supplied for a small deposit. The ensuite was clean &amp; the water pressure in the shower was great. The bar was tiny and not used, the restaurant only sat 24 people &amp; when busy the 3 staff struggled to provide a good service for breakfast, despite being self service. I must say that the receptionist was extremely helpful &amp; friendly but this would not be our 1st choice for a return stay.	
Sep 10 2006 	fair price for London hotel.	We paid a £100 for our double room and continental breakfast, which we considered reasonable, as our hotel was 10 minutes walk from our venue, Hyde Park. I had telephoned the hotel a few weeks before and asked if it was possible to have a room with a bath and the dear Receptionist remembered and we had a room with a bath. Wot bliss. Visitors from abroad were afforded much assistance by Staff.. All the fine houses in the area are now Hotels and as such were not purpose built, so rooms are going to be small. The breakfast room/restaurant is lower ground floor and not particularly impressive. Given the thousands of eating places in London,the Perla would only be suitable for tired travellers who did not wish to travel far for a meal. Maybe it was just one of those days, but we had to wait for a table for breakfast,had to remind the staff about our coffee and when the cooked breakfast arrived, were offered no condiments. Small issues, but attention to detail is everything. The hotel industry is not renowed for overpaying its staff and given we were staying in a nice part of London, considered it value for money. However, am not sure if we would stay more than 1 night as there are countless small hotels in the area , all eager for trade. Perhaps some consideration could be given to having a more inviting eating area on ground level and opening up small reception area.	
May 16 2006	Clean and comfortable	Our room was downstairs and was small but not too small. Location was handy, five minutes walk from paddington and Hyde park on a quiet street. For continential breakfast, it was good, and we were able to get our fill for the morning (self serve). Most importantly the place was very clean, something you can't take for granted. Would stay again.	
Apr 19 2006	Dissappointing	Took a 'Get Away' Best Western break at this hotel for two nights on the 24th March. Room was in a courtyard at the rear of the hotel. Had to mend the plug on the basin and clear the blocked shower tray drain to empty the water. Otherwise the room was adaquate.The Get away menu for those staying was totally inadaquate with main meals only consisting of something and chips. My main couse was totally inedable. The prawn cocktail comprised of three deep fried prawns with a salad garnish. The manageress said she thought that was what a prawn cocktail should consist of !! We made a complaint, left the resturant and never ate there again. My formal complant to Best western remains unanswered. Would not recommend this hotel. We have previously been very pleased with other Best Western Hotels. This one lets the side down and so does thier customer services.	
Mar 29 2006 	Did not enjoy my stay	Stayed here for four days, on business. In a single room on the fourth floor. No pressure for the shower entailed turning the tap in the sink on in order to build up water pressure. I had problems with broadband, but I think this was my work servers rather than hotel broadband.I preferred to stay out in the evenings rather than spend time in the cramped accommodation.Plastic croissants in the morning unforgiveable, especially since all the staff were French.Staff helpful enough, but did not appear to be knowledgeable about a) shower, b) broadband.I stayed here because it was cheap. Next time, I am going to pay the extra and stay somewhere roomy and comfortable.	
Mar 5 2006	Cramped but satisfactory	I stayed one night to attend a function in town. Hotel was easy to find from Paddington tube.The single room was very small (tea making equipment above the bed headboard!), but with a place for everything I need. Everything was clean and functional. Some road noise, but this is London of course. I got the impression that sound insulation between rooms wasn't great but since I didn't have noisy neighbours it wasn't a problem.Breakfast was fine, service efficient overall.Good value at £59 B&amp;B in central London	
Feb 25 2006	Good for London hotel.	My wife and I stayed in the same room as the previous poster. Depending on your point of view the room was pokey or cosy, we found it to be pokey on initial inspection but cosy once we'd gotten used to it. It is indeed very quiet which was a real blessing considering it's London location. The bathroom is tiny but clean and adaquate. The shower is one of the best I've ever used in a hotel with a nice powerful water flow. The supplied toilettries were of a good quality and they were not mean with the supply.The room itself was quite small, but had well designed fixtures for the tea making facilities and bedside storage. The bed was my only gripe with this hotel, not only was it too small for two people it was not the most comfortable. It may be that I am spoiled with the quality of beds in American hotels but for the rate I believe you should get better.The main hotel was well appointed, and the continental breakfast had what you need to start the day. The lounge allowed smoking so smelled as such.The staff were friendly although I would not rely on them for directions. The hotel is very convienient for transport links (paddington is 5 minutes walk away) and there are a number of pubs, restaurants, fast food joints and newsagents nearby.I would recommend this hotel but avoid paying the rack rate, it's not worth 115 pounds a night for the room we stayed in.	
Jan 23 2006	Great Location Superb Staff	We stayed here for 3 nights in a room which was away from the main part of the hotel, across a small courtyard. Thankfully, we managed to get the room for a very good deal, thanks to a National Rail promotion. For location, it's superb. You are two blocks from Paddington station, which is very well served for tube lines and mainline rail from Heathrow (and a great terminus if you want to go to Bath or maybe Wales for sightseeing!)The local area is good, well served with takeaway food outlets and pubs. We never felt unsafe or threatened.The room we stayed in (No.15) was more cosy than pokey. I would recommend it for a couple carrying a small amount of luggage. The room was cleaned daily and the continental breakfast good and plentiful. For London, we found it amazingly quiet. Maybe this was luck, but we never heard traffic, cop sirens or even next-door neighbours. Bliss!Staff were brilliant. One night I needed a beer bottle opener. Not only did the receptionist gladly provide me with one, but she even loaned me two glasses from the bar to take back to the room. What a refreshing change.Highly recommended - if you can get a deal.	
Jan 6 2006 	Poky but handy	I stayed in the Best Western for two nights while attending a course in London. The first night I arrived late (around ten p.m.) and I must have got the last room available. It was out a back door, into a courtyard and was stuck in a little corner separate from the hotel. The room itself was literally a coffin with just enough room for a bed and was very claustrophobic. The window was tiny and couldn't be opened fully as it was on the ground floor. The television also did not work and I had a horrible night's sleep with the noise from party revellers in the bar next door. I even heard someone get sick out a window during the night.The following night I requested they move me to a more pleasant room and they put me in one on the third floor. What a difference. While the room was still small, which is to be expected in London I suppose, it was much more spacious than the previous one. Everything worked, the bed was more than comfortable, and I slept soundly. All of a sudden I loved the quirkiness of the hotel again.The included buffet breakfast is more than adequate. The full English (which I got on the second day) is nice, but a bit on the expensive side.The location was the best seller for me - 5 minutes walk to Hyde Park or the train station. Plenty of pubs around the corner for good food and good restaurants if you want something a bit more upmarket.Overall, I think it is luck of the draw whether or not you get a good room. Staff were courteous, but not as friendly as some other reviewers made out (in my experience anyway). Would I stay there again? - probably not (unless I had assurances that I would be getting a really good room), but I would pick another hotel in the same location. Unfortunately, I forgot my camera so could not take any photos.	
Nov 25 2005 	Good value friendly staff walls like paper....	Can recommand this place, been there for 3 nights. Knowing the size of a London hotelroom I always book a double room, the extra space is definitely worth the money. So the room was OK, clean and quiet.In the first night loud guests next door, the walls are thin... But that is the only point to critisize. Excellent value for the price (I paid 60 GBP incl. brakfast) Breakfast was not very spectacular, but OK and included in the room price. The place has a fast WLAN net from the hotel, costs 12 GBP per day, good performance and speed. I travel to London very often and have seen lots of worse places for much, much more money.	
Oct 25 2005	Clean and Comfortable	We stayed in the Delmere in early October 2005 for 3 nights and found it to be very clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location couldn't have been better. Simply catch the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and walk 2 blocks. Clear instructions are provided on the hotel's website. The Continental breakfast, included in the price, was more than adequate with stewed fruit, yoghurt, cheese, ham, croissants, toast, jam, juices, tea &amp; coffee. However the cooked breakfast at a cost of 9 pounds was disappointing and is not recommended. Stick to the continental breaky! If you're expecting a large room and bathroom, you will be disappointed. We have travelled extensively in Europe so knew what to expect. The room was very comfortable, providing everything you needed including a TV, hair-dryer and tea/coffee making facilities. The bathroom was tiny - only space for one person at a time, but again, had everything you needed. There is no soundproofing to the rooms, so noisy neighbours who let their door slam could annoy light sleepers. This is a problem in most budget priced hotels. The location of the hotel was quiet, so outside street noise was not a problem.There are numberous restaurants and bars nearby. Public transport and the hop-on, hop-off tourist bus stops are just around the corner.	
Oct 22 2005	I slept in a cupboard!	Teeny weeny room that just fitted the bed....a shower which was up 4 large steps...after confessing my mistake to colleagues , they also admitted to having stayed here and hating it!Do not be fooled by the best Western branding and brilliant price compared to others...it is truely awful!I did not sleep...bedroom boiling despite wndow wide openBreakfast more than depressing!i left an hour and a half before my train as i prefered to sit at the station.Horrible, horrible, horribleDO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!	
Oct 14 2005 	Comfortable and convenient	the Delmere isn't in the best area of town - but it's a great little place, good value, relatively quiet, and very convenient to the tube. I stayed there for almost 1 week while in London for work, and found it quite comfortable. I did much work in the lower level lounge, which suited my needs well.	
Sep 15 2005	Great place to stay	The Best Western Delmere is a great place to stay, especially for the price. It is very conveniently located just two blocks from Paddington station in a neighborhood full of restaurants, pubs, and more.The room was a bit small, but that was to be expected. Nor was it air conditioned (also expected) but the staff supplied a small fan, and with the windows open in early September, it was more than cool enough in the evenings. The bed was big enough for two and plenty comfortable.Our room was spotlessly clean when we arrived, and cleaned well every day we stayed - our stay lasted eight nights. The bathroom was also quite clean as well as newly fixtured. It was also very quiet, excepting one evening when we had some rather loud neighbors. It helps that this is a very small hotel - less than 40 rooms.The continental breakfast was plentiful (if heavy on bread products - rolls, croissants, cereals, toast, some fruits, yogurt and ham and cheese) and the waitstaff extremely friendly.All in all, our stay was extremely pleasant, and we would happily stay at the Delmere again.	
Jun 14 2005 	Good for the price but tight and a little cold.	I have to say first we spent three nights there and had a very pleasant stay. The breakfast (included) was more than sufficient. The rooms were clean and neat. The location was excellent and the staff....the staff were the best part, friendly, obliging and very cheerful, particularly the ladies at the reception desk.The downside, very small rooms. If you have a lot of luggage or children it will be inconvenient. There is a lift but as we discovered, it took us to the 2nd floor but then we had to haul the luggage down a flight of stairs to get to our room. The house is old and the stairs are all over the place. One of our rooms was in an outside section which was very quite but again we'd come along way (London was one of many stops), had a long way left to go and it was all a bit much for us as we each had a large suitcase and smaller bag. I have to admit to being frustrated at times with the lack of space. My father also had trouble finding his way about in the maze of door and stairs.The other thing was the heating. it was April, it was cold and the heating turned off automatically in the evening. My father complained of the cold and I went to the desk to ask them to turn on the heating and they said they couldn't. They offered my a little electric heater and charged my credit card 10 pounds for the use (it was to be deducted once the heater was returned, and it was, but I was a little flummoxed by the whole situation). I would recommend this hotel if you're looking for cheap, clean and convenient but before-warned of small room and cold nights. I rated it with the price in mind.	
Jun 1 2005	Small Room But Convenient Location	We arrived in London at Heathrow Airport. Then we took the Heathrow Express train that stops at the Paddington Station. The Delmere Hotel is only two blocks from the Paddington Station. The room was quite small but very clean. The weather was warm in London. We were glad to have a window in our room, because there wasn't air conditioning in the room. The continental breakfast was typical. The hotel staff was friendly and quite helpful. What made the Delmere Hotel wonderful was the location, near the Paddington train and tube station, near Hyde Park, restaurants, shops etc. It was easy to either walk or take the tube to various locations in London.	
May 15 2005	Good but small	The Delmere is conveniently located a few minutes walk from Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stations. The staff were friendly and helpful and the room was spotlessly clean if a bit small. Continental breakfast came with the room and was nice, although choice was a bit limited. Overall, for the price of £70 per night for a double room, the hotel represented good value in London - I've seen far worse for much more and would happily stay there again.	
May 11 2005	Noisy and small	Unless you are looking for a cheap place to stay before catching an early flight, I would not recommend this hotel. I stayed at this hotel because of its proximity to Paddington station (I was catching a 6:30 am flight out of Heathrow). When I arrived, I was given a tiny smoking room, even though I had requested a non-smoking room. Further, I did not get even an hour of sleep as the windows are thin and I could hear all conversations and cars outside even though I was wearing ear plugs. The hotel has no air conditioning and the heat in the room was unbearable. When I asked for a fan, the desk clerk gave me a heating device and told me that it blew cold air....it didn't. After a call, she brought me a real fan. My advice: stay at the Comfort Inn at Hyde Park.	
Apr 25 2005	Loved the Delmere	Excellent hotel on Sussex Gardens, just two blocks from Paddington Station in downtown London. Very clean, up-to-date rooms, excellent baths, exceptionally helpful staff, and a great free breakfast. Not only that, it's less expensive than most of the rip-off places in London. A Best Western hotel. Great value -- would stay there again in a minute!	
Apr 21 2005	Delmere a good choice	We booked the Delmere near Paddington after much research on Trip Advisor. We made a good choice. When we arrived early they held our luggage till we returned later in the day. Our room was very clean and the bathroom had corian counter tops, newer and very clean. Yes, the room and bathroom area were small but we expected this as most in London are. The price was agreeable at 75 pounds a night thru LONDONNIGHTSThe continental breakfast each morning was delightful and the staff in the breakfast room were great! We asked for two twin beds and our room had them pushed together for a Queen size bed. We had towels each day and upon inspection of the mattress I was satisfied we had found a clean place to stay. My only poor review would be for the blonde at the desk who seemed to be in charge during the day. Not rude but felt like she didn't like her job or the intrusion of guests who ask questions. Otherwise all personnel were great, including those in the lounge area. Paddington station was a short two blocks away, very easy to navigate if you are pulling luggage as we were. The HEATHROW EAXPRESS goes straight to Paddington in no time at all. Would recommend this hotel and location without reservation.	
Mar 30 2005	Loved the Delmere.	I just returned from a week at the Delmere and my husband and I were quite pleased. The staff was very gracious and helpful and the room rate included a continental breakfast. The rooms were small as are most European hotels, but very clean and all that we needed. It's in a GREAT location and I felt very safe the whole time. I would and hope to stay there again. :D	
Mar 28 2005	Clean as a whistle	What a nice little hotel with surprising friendly Dutch staff. My husband and I picked the Delmere after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. By American standards, the room is small and so is the bathroom but this is how things are in London. I must say that the place was spotless. Continental breakfast which was included, includes rolls, yogurt, ham, cheese, cereals, juice and fruit, which was more than enough variety. The location is very close to Paddington Station which runs a direct line to Heathrow called the Heathrow Express. We would definately stay there again.	
Mar 19 2005	Great Location Noisy Housekeeping	We just returned from a one week stay in London. We booked our stay at the Delmere after reading many glowing reviews on this site. The staff were very nice and helpful overall, and the room was clean, comfortable, and more than adequate for our needs. My sole complaint about the Delmere is that every single morning, around 8 o'clock, we were woken up by the extremely loud noises of the housekeeping staff opening and slamming the 3 doors surrounding our room. This was particularly bad on the afternoon of our arrival, as we were exhausted after a 12 hour trek and desperately wanted to sleep. We had to wait until 3 o'clock when the crew finally finished before we could get a few hours of sleep before going out for dinner. It didn't help that our room was directly across from the housekeeping storage room, as they kept going in and out of that room, resulting in very loud door slamming. Other than the noise, the hotel was wonderful, clean, and safe.	
Mar 19 2005 	Single room only closet sized	I stayed at the Best Western Delmere Hotel March 7 &amp; 8 and my experience was not memorable, which sometimes is good. The stay was comfortable but I was really disappointed with the size of the single room on the top floor. The street on which the Delmere is located is two or three blocks from Paddington station, and only walkable if you are rolling your suitcases. Some nice restaurants are in the neighborhood, however. I arrived early and my room was not ready. Perhaps doubles are better, but mine was hardly large enough for the narrow and short firm bed, with little room to open my suitcase. The shower stall was up two steps (?!) and the toilet stall was quite cramped. Television channel selection was only the standard. I had just stayed at a B &amp; B north of London which had better TV and a larger room for one third of the price. Hot breakfast cost more, but the free cold breakfast at Delmere was just fine, with cereals, sliced cheese and ham, rolls or croissants, tea, coffee, etc. and there was a bar/restaurant on site for suppers. All in all, certainly not a disaster, and the staff was very cheerful and friendly. Just avoid it if you are claustrophobic.	
Mar 13 2005	Great budget hotel	I booked a single room from the Best Western website for £55/night, and because the rate was so low I was a bit nervous about what the hotel would be like but I was very pleased with it. Although the room was the smallest I've ever been in, it was clean and tastefully decorated and the hotel staff were all very pleasant and helpful. The location is good as it's close to both Paddington and Edgware Road stations, and as a single woman I felt safe walking to the hotel from the tube at night, as well as safe in the hotel in general. In other reviews of london hotels the poor quality of the showers was mentioned and I can say that the water pressure at the Delmere was fine. All in all, this hotel is very good value for the money and I would reccommend staying here if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel in central london that doesn't compromise on quality and convenience.	
Jan 7 2005	A Great Holiday	My wife and 3 adult children stayed at the Delmere for 7 nights, 12/23-12/26 and 12/31-1/3. In between we traveled to Rome. The proximity to Paddington station was convenient for access to the Heathrow Express. We were able to walk to the Delmere with our luggage. Also used the Paddington tube stop for access to all of London. The rooms were clean and comfortable, with a nice bathroom and shower. The complimentary continental breakfast was a great start to each day. After each full day of touring the city sights, it was nice to return to our quiet neighborhood. There were several pubs and restaurants in the area. There was a comfortable and well appointed lounge room which we used for family gatherings. We also took advantage of their small bar. The staff was friendly and accomodating. They had our 3 rooms available before check-in time, since we arrived early from an all night flight. They also held our luggage after check-out, as we had a late afternoon flight out. We would stay at the Delmere again.	
Dec 10 2004	Good Location Closet-Like Rooms	Stayed at the Delmere for 3 nights in December, 2004. Location is great - 2 minutes from Paddington station (and the express train to/from Heathrow) and the Tube, along Sussex Gardens. Plenty of places to eat/drink in the area. My single room was the smallest I have ever let in Europe (I've been to more than a dozen cities and stayed in several BW's) and this was definitely a closet. It had all the amenities - shower, separate WC, hair dryer, toiletries, and a coffee maker - so I can't complain too much. Breakfast is adequate - continental style - breads, cheeses, yogurt, good-sized packets of cereal, etc. You even have the option of a full English breakfast (although this is extra - the continental breakfast is included in the rate) There is also a restaurant/bar attached to the hotel.Staff was very friendly and helpful. Sussex Gardens is busy with traffic, I had a room facing the street, but the hotel is set back far enough from the road to where the noise didn't bother me and I had the window open my entire stay!This is one of many small hotels that adjoin each other along Sussex Gardens. When I first arrived I actually entered the hotel next to the Delmere where the room rate was 30% lower. I couldn't imagine the rooms being much different because these hotels are all in the same attached row-buildings. Next time I will try one of the neighboring hotels, although I can assure you that the BW Delmere is a fine place to stay. I just think you'll get the same thing next door at a much lower price.	
Dec 6 2004 	Clean 	I booked a single room for 02 Dec via laterooms.com and paid £70 (you would pay £91 phoning the hotel direct). The Delmere is one of numerous hotels along Sussex Gardens, which is quite a busy road. The room itself was absolutely fine, and better than I had expected. Small, yes, but spotlessly clean with a pristine shower &amp; toilet, and quality white towels. The room was cold when I arrived but I turned the radiator on full and within a very short time it was belting out heat. Safe, coffee making facilities, small TV working perfectly. If you a lone traveller you can use the lounge area downstairs, with comfortable armchairs. Breakfast was also good. I eat like a mouse but others had the choice of cereals, yoghurt, fruit etcThe only thing to remember is to ASK FOR A ROOM AT THE BACK when booking. I had asked for a non smoking room but it was the only one available, and was at the front. I couldn't bear the idea of smoke permeated fabrics so I suffered the street noise instead. I didn't sleep too badly but was woken at 0600 by a BT van in the street offloading ladders.	
Dec 2 2004	Great Choice	My wife and I spent three nights here and were not disappointed. It was our first visit to London and we found the location to be well suited to our plans. The staff was very friendly and helpful, rooms were clean, breakfast was adequate. Would stay here again.	
Nov 20 2004	A good choice	I chose BW--Delmere on the basis of reviews on tripadvisor. It was a good choice. This is a small hotel near restaurants and shops. Rooms have internet access, but since I hadn't brought my computer I went to an internet cafe a block away. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful, the room was small but comfortable and very clean, the continental breakfast was good and plentiful, and the location was great--just two blocks from Paddington station. For me price was the deciding factor. Given the location, the price can't be beat. I arrived three hours before check-in after an overnight flight from the US. I was invited to wait in the lounge while my room was readied. The desk clerk brought a cup of coffee and asked the maid to clean my room first. I was in my room after only 30 minutes.The hotel would not guarantee a non-smoking room, and although I did find an ashtray in a drawer, the room was free of tobacco odor. But one who is especially sensitive to smoke might want to choose a hotel that will guarantee a smoke-free room.I will definitely stay at Best Western Delmere on my next trip to London.	
Nov 20 2004	Excellent Hotel	If you've been looking on the internet for a good hotel in London at a good price stop looking. This is it. I picked the Delmere based on the good reviews on this page and they are all true. My wife and I were very satisfied with the hotel. The continental breakfast was excellent and the staff was always nice and friendly. In general, all the people in London was very nice and friendly. We had a great vacation in London. Thanks.	
Nov 17 2004	Delmere - A Hidden Gem in London	Your reviewers were right! My husband and I recently spent three nights at the Delmere during our first visit to England. We loved our little room. The staff was so pleasant and helpful. The location was great. Paddington Station was a super place for starting our exploration of London. We would certainly reccommend this hotel to family and friends.	
Oct 2 2004	Good value for money	We chose this hotel based on the many favourable reviews we read on this page. I can verify that they are accurate and that the Delmere is a charming hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. It is easy to reach on foot from Paddington station, which of course is on the direct link to Heathrow. We did have a problem though with our room being excessively hot, as our stay was during late summer. There was no airconditioning and we could not open the windows because we were on the streetfront, and the traffic noise kept us awake. The duty manager did go to great lengths to relocate us to a quiet room, although this did cost us more. The room was small, and the bathroom roughly the size of an average toilet, but okay for a few nights. Breakfast was very good and very much appreciated. Overall, excellent value for money. Ask for a room in the courtyard downstairs if you are concerned about noise from the street.	
Sep 30 2004	Accurate reviews for this lovely quaint hotel in a convenient location!	Just came back from a 4-day trip to London. The Delmere hotel was a wonderful choice! It was conveniently located by the Paddington tube station, which is not too far from central London and all the major sights. The Heathrow Express took us directly from the airport to Paddington station within 20 min. The hotel staff was very gracious during our entire stay. Our booking included a daily continental breakfast in their small restaurant, La Perla, which was perfect since eating in London can be VERY expensive! The room was cozy with a clean en-suite bathroom, and was located in the back of the hotel, which was very quiet. Rooms facing the street may be noisy due to street traffic. We would definitely stay here again. Many thanks to tripadvisor.com for the recommendation!	
Sep 28 2004	Great place to stay !	The hotel is a small and cosy, and so are the rooms. But they are clean and equipped with the things you need. We even had a little yard with flowers and a bench outside our room ! Much nicer than a carpeted hall...Nice staff and ok breakfast.Location is great too ! Recommended to everyone wanting to stay in a nice affordable place in London !	
Aug 23 2004	Great hotel	Nice location, hotel room and bathroom were perfecently adequate and clean. Good value.	
Jul 10 2004	A Beautiful Hotel right in the Heart of London	Thank you Trip Advisor. This site has been a very good source if you want to book your hotel. This is the second time I used trip advisor. The first was when I went to New York last Aug 2004. I also booked the right hotel because of the comments of this site. Believe me, everything you read here is true.I stayed at Delmere from June 28 to July 7, 2004. Our room was 403 and it was a twin room. Small but very clean room. Comfortable bed and pillows.I read all the reviews first before booking my london hotel since it's my first time to visit london. The hotel is located along sussex garden which is a walking distance from Paddington Station. You only have to ride the Heathrow Express 15 minutes to Paddington. The Hotel is only 3 minutes from the station. Very safe neighborhood. Very Comfortable Hotel. La perla restaurant is where you have your breakfast. There is ham, cheese and an assortment of bread. It's not the usual 5 star hotel breakfast buffet but nevertheless it is enough considering how expensive the food in London.There is an internet shop nearby along london street. A convenience store or &quot;budgens&quot; its the 7 eleven equivalent in London.I really enjoyed my first trip to London. Great hotel, great city, I was able to experience F1 formula racing in the heart of Picadilly circus, 50% off shoppping at Harrods, Gay Pride at Trafalgar Square, West End Plays all happened during the duration of my stay. Wonderful indeed.	
Jul 2 2004	Your opinions helped - we loved it!		
Jun 26 2004	Small room but well-positioned hotel		
Jun 10 2004	Great Price Location and staff		
Jun 1 2004	A very clean room		
Apr 20 2004	An 11-day home away from home		
Apr 5 2004	Excellent service with a smile!!!!		
Apr 1 2004	Great Hotel		
Sep 19 2003	Friendly good service easily accesible to things		
Jul 5 2003	Good value - convenient location!		
Mar 6 2003	The Best Hotel in its Price Range in London		
Mar 11 2009 	facile d'accès et placé sympathiquement		
Dec 16 2008 	Muy acogedor		
Nov 3 2008	très bien et bien situé		
May 4 2006	Piccolo ma confortevole		
