Nov 14 2009 	Elegant but not stuffy helpful but not over-bearing absolutely loved it	We were planning a trip to London to watch Fleetwood Mac at Wembley and we spent so much time looking for hotels, checking out reviews and were still un-decided so in the end booked a 'secret hotel' and ended up with The Goring. To be honest we would probably never have chosen this one just from reviews and may have thought it stuffy and too 'old school, but we now realise from our stay how wrong we would have been and how lucky we were to stay here.From the moment we arrived we were met with very friendly, helpful and very smartly dressed staff. We were shown up to our room and the history of the hotel was explained, as well as the history of the sheep. The staff truly are a credit to the hotel.Bathroom was spotless, it was marble tiled, fab shower and bath and Molten Brown toiletries.The bed was one of the comfiest ever, had a great sleep.We never ate in the hotel as we already had plans, but saw fabulous afternoon tea and we did sample the cocktails, which were really good.We only have great things to say about the hotel and have since recommended it to friends and when next in London would certainly book in again.	
Nov 11 2009 	It was wonderful	My husband, my 7 year old son and I spent wonderful 6 nights at the Goring in late August.. Everyone on the staff was incredibly gracious and helpful, especially when they recommended attractions that would interest my son. The atmosphere of the Goring is so welcoming that my son felt perfectly comfortable walking down 2 floors to the lobby to chat with the concierge. He also enjoyed baking cookies with the pastry chef. Every day at the end of our sightseeing activities my son said &quot;I just want to go back to the Goring!&quot;The Goring is not, however, overrun with children. Adults traveling on their own will certainly appreciate the refined atmosphere. It's all very British and not corporate at all. We will never stay anywhere else in London.	
Nov 4 2009 	Quintessential London	This is the perfect hotel to stay at....it has all the charm that one would expect of a London hotel, and the fact that it is a 5 star property, one has all the amenities that go along with that, with none of the pretentiousness. Perfect location - around the block from Victoria Station, ten minute stroll to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abby, Big Ben, the West End. And the restaurant is rated as one of the tops in the city...and rightfully so. To the sheep!!! (you'll have to stay here to know what I'm referring to)	
Nov 4 2009 	Loved it! Can't wait to go back.	Everyone at the Goring made us feel most welcome from the moment we walked in until we left again a few days later. A happy friendly enviroment exuded throughout our stay. Food was great although, being London, was also quite expensive. We found the location ideal for daily walks around London and there are plenty of pubs, cafes &amp; restaurants nearby allowing a change of scenery. The little garden at the rear of the hotel is a lovely oasis in which to sip an evening cocktail. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. Can't wait to return!	
Sep 27 2009 	We loved this Hotel	We can't say enough nice things about our stay at The Goring. When we go back to London we will not consider another hotel. We could not have been treated better from the moment we arrived until the momment we left. We rate the hotel excellent in all areas-room, staff, lobby, reataurant/bar, location and service.	
Sep 6 2009 	Wonderful	A brief visit, but 3 days of pure luxury that did us the world of good. Really friendly staff in the restaurant and on the Front Desk. A hotel with great attention to detail. Very friendly and attentive management team too.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel	This is a truly great hotel. Lovely rooms. Friendly staff. Great location. For summer travel, US class air conditioning. Stayed 7 nights and enjoyed every moment of the visit. Nice dining room.	
Jul 13 2009 	The Goring Hotel: Pure Bliss	I took my first ever trip to London this past April. As a birthday splurge for myself - I wanted an old elegant hotel with some history. The Goring did not disappoint. In fact - my stay at the Goring was by far the most wonderful hotel experience I've ever had in my life. The hotel itself is beautiful, the beds are a dream, there are towel warmers in the bathrooms and Afternoon Tea is delicious. But the service is second to none. I've never had such service; they were always anticipating my needs before I realized them myself. I mentioned in passing to the concierge one morning that I was thinking about visiting Hampton Court. When I returned to the front desk later to get my key - they had printed out maps and visitor information for Hampton Court. Another morning - while having breakfast in their gorgeous dining room - I saw one of the wait staff approaching me from across the room, unfolding a napkin. I thought that was odd since I already had a napkin. Then I glanced down and noticed that my napkin had fallen to the floor. I hadn't even realized it. But the wait staff had noticed before I did and was bringing me another one! Seriously! Who does that? That is the kind of attention you can expect at The Goring. And the location was perfect. If one turns left out the hotel and travels about a block - you'll soon see Victoria Station. If one turns right and goes to the end of the street - you'll be walking along the walls of Buckingham Palace. It was so easy to get every where. I wish everyone could experience The Goring. I am already planning how I can return again soon.	
May 21 2009 	Early Check In Set the Tone	I went to London the first week of May on a business trip. My plane arrived from the States 1 hour earlier than my scheduled arrival and I arrived at the airport at 5:30am. I was picked up at the Heathrow Airport and arrived at the Goring at 6:45am. I was greeted warmly at the front door and to my pleasant suprise I was given a room right away and I was taking a nap by 7:15am. That set the tone that everything was to go right on this trip and that the Hotel staff did everything it possibly could for you. The room was clean and bigger than the usual London Hotel. The warm bathroom floor and warming rack for the towels was a great touch. I had book the room online directly with the hotel and I paid $250 a night which was a great bargain for the class of the Hotel. The location was great, next to Victoria train station, Buckingham Palace and many other sights and restaurants that were within walking distance. When I go back to London I will defintely stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Changes in the physical plant; staff still very top drawer	Our family members have been staying at The Goring for quite a few years. After an absence of two years, we just returned from spending a Bank Holiday Weekend there. Lots has changed in the rooms and bathrooms--much more glitz and glitter. The lighting system in the rooms is very, very technologically sophisticate and it takes a while to get used to all the new controls and options.We were disappointed in the &quot;new&quot; bathrooms. We changed rooms because the first bathroom had what the staff described as a &quot;wet shower&quot;, which meant that the drainage system allowed water to spread all over the already slippery floor. The second bathroom had a great shower and good drainage, but the towel rack was 10 feet from the shower with no place to deposit a towel any closer--so, one had to shuffle the distance across the marble floor to get a towel after shower.The dining room has long been our favorite place to dine in London, but this time it was not as good as usual. Our pre-show dinner could only be described as mediocre at best.The best news about The Goring is that while despite some retirements of key member, the staff is still absolutely superb. The doormen, room service people, concierges, servers in the dining room and lounge bar are special people. They are warm, friendly, competent, and a joy to be with.Would we return to The Goring? Of course! Maybe we will get accustome to the new-fangled control systems in the rooms, and the ultra modern bathrooms.	
May 16 2009 	If you want to stay somwhere special stay at The Goring.	My husband and I have been visiting The Goring for the last nine or ten years. We start and end our holiday at this amazing hotel. This is a family-owned hotel that retains the style and charm of a classic British hotel without the snobbery of higher priced &quot;luxury&quot; hotels. The staff is amazing - from the doormen to the reception folks, to the dining room staff, everyone is trained to focus on making the guests feel comfortable and taken care of. The Restaurant is five-star and truly a &quot;dining experience.&quot; The Dining Room itself is spectacular. There is no better place to have tea in London, and the lounge is a great place to relax with a coctail. If you want to feel comfortable, taken care of, and get the best food and most importantly, the best staff in London, stay at The Goring. We love it and will go back year after year. Cheers to The Goring!!	
May 11 2009 	Superb service	We spent 7 days at the Goring and could not have been more satisfied. The location, near Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station, is convenient to all public transportation. Our room was spotless and comfortable, with endless attention to detail and service by the housekeeping staff. We were even able to check in well before the traditional time after a long overseas flight. The concierge got us tickets to two sold-out events and was helpful with local transportation and events tips. We had breakfast there daily and enjoyed a lovely high tea one afternoon because the food and service were both so good. This is a great hotel for those who want to experience gracious and hospitable British service.	
May 8 2009 	Very old fashioned but amazing for what it is	This is old english luxury. Not the usual hotel I go for but this was abolutely fantastic. The best service ever and very clean.	
Mar 31 2009 	Exceeded Already High Expectations	Stayed at the goring with my wife and 8 year old twins for a week. We stayed in the family accomodations(two connecting rooms) which was simply fanatastic. Its hard to describe how truly incredible the staff is at this hotel - from the moment you walk in you feel the entire staff is personally invested in your experience. Fantastic breakfast and afternoon tea. Probably the most surprising was in such a high end hotel with a lot of professionals, our children were welcomed with open arms - even to the point of making cookies with the chef in the kitchen one afternoon. This hotel sets the standard for service - tickets to anything you want, even sold out shows were procured without a problem - we can not wait to return.	
Mar 17 2009 	P-E-R-F-E-C-T-!	What a lovely and charming hotel located near many sites and shopping. The staff was very attentive, friendly and ready to help with any request! The doorman was very helpful with suggestions and directions. The rooms where clean and large, with nicely laid out bathrooms, which is hard to find in larger cities. It was nice to see that it was a family owned hotel, rich with history. (in other reviews... there where notes about missing a mini bar: even though there was no mini bar, the staff was quick to offer beverage service to the room, upon arrival.) The main level bar area was luxurious and very comfortable. I could have stayed all evening. We'll be staying there again in the future.	
Feb 27 2009 	Best Hotel I've ever stayed in ...	Originally planned to stay for one night on business ... extended for three because I loved it so much and was really sad to leave. A small, family owned hotel with staff who really seem to enjoy working there (quite rare) even doormen who remembered my name. Restaurant thats worth a visit even if you're not a guest (rare in hotels). Room was beautiful - clean, traditional, yet with modern touches such as electric curtains. Silk wallpaper, marble bathrooms	
Feb 27 2009 	Lovely hotel great location	We stayed in this luxurious hotel from the 7th to the 10th of feb. Lovely ambiance and rooms. Wonderful bar, prices are standard for a hotel of this type. Breakfast was great with a lovely selection..(especially the omlette with cheddar!!) Staff were excellent, friendly and helpful. The only negative was the night we ate in the hotel restaraunt...The menu is great with some interesting choices, we ordered in the bar while having a drink,I believe the manager took our order but must have made a mistake as the wrong main course was brought to me (beef wellington insted of roast fillet)....this resulted in the service going in to meltdown!!!..my partner's (delicious) roast lamb was eventually taken away as I was sitting there with nothing...We got some complimentary soup in the meantime..when my roast fillet arrived they also brought some new lamb which was barely cooked and stone cold...Roast fillet was delicious though..Sad really as this could have been a memorable meal...despite this we will be back hopefully though perhaps not to dine there!	
Feb 3 2009 	friendly staff	the goring is a delightful hotel, ideally located for those like us, visiting the apollo victria theatre. The staff were very friendly, especially the doorman who gave us directions to many places.The only reasons to give it 4 instead of five were that there was no mini-bar and the lift wasn't working when we arrived. Overall, we would highly recommend.	
Dec 26 2008 	Bad experience	Our stay at this hotel was a bad experience. The extra bed for our 8 year old was absolutely terrible (50 pound per night). No mini bar, coffee or thee facilities in the room, when I ordered a thee in the morning had to wait for 35 min. so I to walked downstairs to get a bottle of water. Continental breakfast (14 pounds) is just coffee, thee, orange just, toast and jam and they come once with a basked with muffins. I expected at least a buffet breakfast in a 5 star hotel. The hotel is situated in a small street so don't expect a nice view.When we left we asked the manager the best routing details to Luton Airport and we almost missed our plane because of the wrong instructions. I really don't understand all the good reviews this hotel is getting considering the price you have to pay.	
Nov 13 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	If I could give The Goring more than 5 stars I would. This is a fantastic hotel with a great location and wonderful staff. Check-in was a breeze and I was greeted with much enthusiasm. My room was wonderful, airy and had a very comfortable bed. The room and bathroom were very clean and luxurious. The Conceriege were one of the best I ever had - when I asked how to get to Victoria Station the gentleman proceeded to walk me out the hotel and to the corner to show me how to get there - now that is personal service. Any question you had the concierge and/or other staff members were ready to help. I was unable to attend the hotel's High Tea but I hear it is one of the best offered. The hotel's lounge is very nice and relaxing. This hotel is a few minutes walk to Victoria Station &amp; Buckingham Palace as well as very close to many other major sightseeing places. Try to get to see the Palace's Changing of the Guard because it is quite interesting to see but try to get there early to get a good spot. If you can, try to see a play (this time I saw Spamalot) - London's theatre is very good. If you have the time I would recommend taking the Big Bus Tour - it will let you see where all the major sites are and is helpful in planning out your sightseeing schedule. If you are a Beatles fan the Bus Tour also (included in price) gives a walking tour that is fun and is another way to see the sights. I highly recomend this hotel, you will not be disappointed.	
Oct 26 2008	Loved The Goring	Great location just a 3 minute walk from Victoria Station. The staff couldn't be more friendy, efficent and courteous. Each room is different. They are all good size rooms and bathrooms. They have a lovely garden with an outdoor terrace. The restaurant is very cherry with unique swavorski crystal lighting. The food is wonderful and the menu selection has both traditional English and contemporary dishes. The hotel has a very rich history. It is family owned and when the owner is in town he invites all the guests to join him in an evening cocktail party. Queen Elizabeth hosts her staff parties here. If its good enough for the Queen, it is certainly good enough for us.	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent discret family run hotel	This hotel is/was a boutique hotel before botique hotels exisited.I had fun taking my newly married wife &amp; Italian-in-laws to stay in this hotel when I visited my family in London. I scored major brownie points for my good taste:-)When I lived in London my family would frequently go &amp; have Sunday lunch at the hotel.The rooms are great, the back of the hotel looks over a garden square I think they are the best rooms in the hotel.I have read somewhere it was the first hotel to be built in London where all the rooms had en suite bathrooms.Don't expect standardisation; expect rather a one-off discret swiss hotelaire trained family run hotel.Only possible criticsim is that the waiting service in the bar area can be inefficent outside dining hours but one really has to very difficult to allow this to spoil ones stay in this hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Excellent Older Style Boutique Hotel with a very personalised feel	I was recommended this hotel by both my travel agent and brother and my experience exceeded my expectations!! The Hotel is centrally located, close to Buckingham Palace, Hyde &amp; Green Parks. The Hotel offers a very personal environment with most of the staff aquainting themselves with the guests. We rarely had to provide our room number at the bar or when ordering food as the staff knew us.The staff are excellent and in particular the Concierge team went above and beyond to ensure they enhanced our experience during our 1 week stay at the Goring. The Breakfasts every morning were outstanding!! The other hotel food we ordered was also good quality and fair value.Little things make the difference! After our stay my son was spending a year in London on a Student exchange programme. Prior to London we toured Europe. When first arriving at Heathrow Airport we caught a connecting flight directly to France. However The Goring was happy to organise a driver to meet us at the airport to collect my son's additional baggage, which they stored while we were in Europe - and the cost was very reasonable - the same price as if they were transferring us to the Hotel. The hotel offers complimentary access to a local fitness centre which is a 3 minute walk away. my son in particular found this very useful and i thought the facilities were pretty good.The only negative I found was that Beeston Place could sometimes be pretty noisy early in the morning and because it is an old style hotel it does not have adequate insulation against noise polution. However this did not in any way detract from the great stay we enjoyed at The Goring!!	
Aug 21 2008 	Delightful Boutique Hotel	The Goring far exceeded my expectations. The service,convenience,and charm of the hotel all rate a 10+ The hotel is only a block from Victoria Station and a short walk to Buckingham Palace. In fact,when I checked out the bellman wheeled my luggage directly down to my platform at the station!The garden in the rear is delightful and the bar/lounge a most convivial spot. Will definitely go back.	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent - Service Second to None	I had a business event at the Goring and was delighted by the service and accommodation. Firstly, I met with the Events Co-ordinator who stayed in touch with me throughout the planning and was there to meet me on arrival. Nothing is too much trouble and all of my delegates were equally impressed. Although there is some work going on at the moment the drilling was promptly ceased when I asked reception, as we could hear it in our meeting room. I am sure that the lounge area will be stunning when this work is completed. The hotel is immaculate and the rooms are beautiful. We did not dine in the restaurant but did have the fantastic breakfast the following morning, all of which is prepared to a very high standard. Thank you Goring for ensuring that we had a successful event!Whether it be business or pleasure, the Goring will not disapoint.	
Jul 21 2008 	Loved it	We loved this hotel. We only found friendly and courteous staff from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. No request was to much.We loved the location too. It's close enough to everything, and we found it very quiet.We will definitely be returning on our next trip.	
Jul 20 2008 	Living on her laurels	We first stayed here in 1996, as a prelude to travelling on the Orient Express from Victoria for our silver Wedding. It is ideally placed for Victoria and we were completely charmed by being greeted by name on arrival, by the spacious room and by the wonderfully courteous service. We have stayed here on another 5 occasions since (and used to be on their Christmas Card list). The room has never been as spacious or impressive as visit 1, although the cost remains high, but the charm of the staff is undiminished. We have never dined here but lunch and snacks are expensive. Breakfast (never included when we have stayed) is exemplary but very expensive. If we want to treat ourselves on a visit to London, we think of the Goring first. However, the small rooms we have had on the last couple of visits have dimmed our enthusiasm. I suspect that it is not too difficult to do better if looking for 5* accommodation in London in the 21st Century.	
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent as ever	This was our twelve visit, and we just love the hotel. From the welcome on arrival through to our departure the staff are excellent.The bar is wonderful for people watching and when we get the chance and are only in London for the day the terrace makes the perfect spot for meeting friends for a bite of lunch.The Dirty Martini served in the bar before dinner was excellent and started the evening off well. The wine list is reasonable for a London property.Dinner is excellent and the menu choice wonderful, the only negative comment would be a £20 supplement for smoked salmon as a starter on a menu that is already £47.50.Breakfast next morning was wonderfully relaxing and provided the right start to the day.Looking forward to the next visit	
Jul 9 2008 	Not cheap but what do you expect almost next door to Buck House	Stayed at the Goring for one night (Wednesday) last week and invited an old &quot;friend&quot; (read into that what you will) for supper.The reception by the staff was about as good as it gets, the service is hard to improve on. Every other customer was smartly dressed - I wasn't. That did not matter. Another review suggests rooms are small - the Goring website gives you the size in square feet of each room (I just called them to confirm this is bedroom only. In my own case bathroom was about 60% more space) so why anyone would be surprised....The terrace is one of the very few truly civilised places in central London you can sit outside, eat and smoke - hooray! The food was superb (except for slightly odd &quot;pea shoots&quot; in otherwise excellent goats cheese salad). Glazed lobster omelette for £15 was a conspicuous bargain, Champagne has a tendency to evaporate but this is I suspect not unique to this precise location.And the garden it overlooks is unique (as far as I know) around there, unless you're royal. Wouldn't be very big in Essex though. Depends what you expect.The only reason I can't rate it as excellent is that my old friend gently implied that she'd be happy if I took her again. I guess it could turn out to be more costly that it seemed.	
Apr 21 2008 	Not good value for money	My husband and I stayed at The Goring to celebrate a family birthday in April; the hotel was recommended by my father who has stayed there in the past. We had high expectations as the hotel had been recommended but were sadly disappointed. The rooms were the biggest disappointment as our room was very small with no view at all. (Having inspected other rooms that were available, as we were inclined to change, we decided to stay put as all the rooms we were shown were all the same size - small!) We also found it very hard to sleep as there was a great deal of noise emanating from above - presumably from the occupants in the room above but there were several loud bumps as if furniture was being moved around and this continued throughout the night. The rooms could also benefit from a refurbishment, although they were clean.The food in the evening however was excellent - despite the fact that one of our meals - we were a party of eight - was served a lot later than the rest - and no compensation was forthcoming for this oversight. I would not expect this slight of service in a hotel of this calibre. The cooked English breakfast, which incidentally was not cheap, was absolutely dreadful - quite possibly the worst breakfast I have ever been served in a hotel and I would not recommend at all.The interior of the hotel - the bar and the gardens - were lovely and the staff very welcoming and pleasant.In summary, the only redeeming feature this hotel offered was the food in the restaurant in the evening. I would not stay here again as the rooms and certainly the breakfast is not worth the money.	
Apr 21 2008	Fabulous!	First Class!!Also had afternoon tea here on my weekend stay, and what an experience.Staff faultless.	
Mar 8 2008	Foghorn	I have not visited London for a long time so I wanted a base to walk around Belgravia, Chelsea and Knightsbridge. Whilst it was a little hard to find (a friend collected me from Heathrow) The Goring is a gem of a Hotel situated in London's dress circle post code of SW1.The hotel is small with around 80 rooms (reminded me in some ways of The Observatory Hotel in Sydney) I believe the hotel has under gone recent refurbishment and my suite was beautiful and very tastefully decorated.I must say that I do not agree with another reviewer about the bar, it was a great place to people watch, I liked the fact that it was popular with what seems to be &quot;London Establishment&quot;.The staff were excellent and Concierge Team all have a very dry wit and were most helpful, one of them recommended a &quot;Gastro Pub&quot; called Thomas Cubitt which was so good I went their twice and it's only a 12 minute walk from The Goring.What ever you do, make certain you read the framed letter in the Gentleman's Toilet, George Goring's response is brilliant.	
Feb 1 2008 	Absolutely LOVED it	Absolutely LOVED this hotel! We have been to London several times, but this is definitely the hotel at which we will always try to stay. The location is charming, right around the corner from Victoria tube station and an easy ride from there to Heathrow. It is in a neighborhood of charming architecture and easy walking to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Sloane Square, etc. (Great restaurant, Rosillon, is easy walking distance towards Chelsea.)The service is outstanding. It is just as good as any Four Seasons or similar, but more charming because of its small size and excellent personal attention. The doormen and front desk people all remember who you are. They helped us with so many things from dinner reservations to shipping recommendations to directions. They will go out in the pouring rain to find you a cab, and they generally go out of the way to help with anything. They answer their emails (unlike many hotels, no matter how large or well rated), and if you ask them to handle something, it is immediately done with no issues or complications.In our case, we had to transport an 85 lb coachbuilt pram from a person's house 2.5 hours from London. They called around and negotiated for a cab to go pick it up and bring it to the hotel for a price that was cheaper than the train ticket, and they even added it to our hotel room! The pram was delivered in beautiful shape, and we were able to spend the five or six hours of our time touring London rather than dealing ourselves with the delivery. It was truly exceptional service. Peter, in particular, was incredibly nice and personable.We did not try the food, but we did sample their high tea, and it was excellent with a beautiful view of the garden. The hotel itself is welcoming with lovely architectural features and a real warmth. They have very nice toiletries, Molton Brown, and wireless internet (free of charge). The rooms were very large with lovely curtains, wallpaper and period furniture. It is also quiet and intimate. We will always stay here again. We truly loved the hotel and with such a small, welcoming staff, it feels like coming home when you walk in the door. I would personally rather have that than an extra hair dryer or flat screen TV any day.	
Jan 19 2008	Top Notch Restaurant	The Goring is always a treat. Public areas are warm and inviting and the service excellent. Dinner for 3 in the Dining Room simply superb. My Beef Wellington was 10/10. My only slight criticism is that the bedrooms are beginning to look a little tired and perhaps a slow programme of refurbishment might be necessary now. Overall though no complaints and I will be back again soon.	
Jan 5 2008 	The Goring is special and memorable - a wonderful stay	We stayed at the Goring on our honeymoon for seven days over Christmas, and can't say enough about this beautiful hotel. We had very high expectations and the Goring did not disappoint. Our room was very comfortable and luxurious, as one would expect in a five star. The bed is indeed heavenly as many other reviews have mentioned, and our room (a &quot;Delightful King&quot;, room 57) was very spacious, sumptuously yet tastefully decorated, with a view of the gardens which are lovely even in wintertime. The charming touches (like the sheep in each room) make this hotel more than a hotel - it is a wonderful home away from home. The staff is remarkable; we had a number of traveller mishaps (lost luggage, a rental car with a flat tire) and requests (last minute theatre tickets, tickets to Boxing Day horse races) during our stay and the concierge took fantastic care of us, often truly going out of their way to meet our needs. Every staff member we encountered (and we encountered many) was friendly yet unobtrusive, including the manager (David Morgan Hewitt) and George Goring, both of whom we met at the Christmas Eve cocktail party. Mr. Goring - an avid horseman - even offered us some advice for our Boxing Day race picks. The maid service (and nightly turndown) is top notch as well, though you never see them. It is by far the best service I've experienced at any hotel, and we stayed in a number of hotels of this caliber on our honeymoon as well as on past trips.We loved the sitting room for drinks; although they were quite pricey, it was a wonderful place to unwind before (or after) dinner, particularly if you can get a table near the fireplace. The restaurant is as good as the reviews say, and the service there is once again superb. The hotel was beautifully decorated throughout for Christmas.We could not be more happy with our choice for our Christmas honeymoon; we can't wait to return someday and will treasure our honeymoon memories thanks to this outstanding hotel.	
Oct 3 2007 	Not the Best in London	Not nearly as exemplary as the other reviewers made it out to be. I was very disappointed in what I got for the outrageous amount I paid.Good points:Good location right behind Buckingham Palace. Easy walk to Victoria subway station. Many very good places to eat in the area. (Volt &amp; Bumbles are two)The room was quiet with good temperature control.Bad points:Tiny (even by big-city standards) rooms..and I was upgraded. I would hate to see the size of my original room.And I know it is just the luck of the draw on the view, but I ended up looking at the rubbish bins of the office building next door. Not exactly pleasant.They use European bed sizing, so when you ask for a King, you get what in most of the world would be considered a Queen sized bed.Staff was rude and arrogant.The &quot;garden&quot; is about the size of a postage stamp and really not worth even looking at.The bar is usually SO crowded in the afternoon/evening you can hardly move.Only one elevator, which runs at a snails pace.Amazingly expensive; even if you factor out the bad USD$ exchange rate.Many will argue this is an old stately place and you should expect some differences from the ultra-modern more commercial business style hotels. But in my opinion The Goring went beyond quaint down the scale to just not worth it.	
Aug 28 2007	Outstanding!	Brilliant!Lovely, old fashion hotel - with excellent service and a great ethos!Really enjoyed our stay!	
Jun 25 2007 	Just perfect	Just perfect! Stayed there with friends and we all thought the hotel was amazing. Knowing london quite well, this is one of the best &quot;English&quot; hotels in the city. Perfect service as it should be!!!!	
Jun 6 2007 	The Goring was perfect	Our family of four including an eleven year old and 15 year old thoroughly enjoyed our four night stay.We had two rooms in the Deluxe Garden View category. Each room was beautiful, but not particularly large. They each had space for a couple of chairs or a sofa. The room was spacious by European standards. The furnishings were up to date. Internet access was via high speed cable and was very expensive.The public rooms were quite nice for tea and snacks. The included breakfast was excellent. You must get this included as it is extremely expensive, but one of the best I have experienced in Europe. I calculated the included breakfast saved the family $800 US over the four night stay.My wife and I enjoyed the bar for a drink each evening with excellent ambience.More than anything, the staff is one of the best I have ever experienced. Housekeeping was spectacular, but you NEVER saw them.The location is ideal.The Goring made our visit to London perfect!	
Jan 11 2007	Just the best in LONDON!	June of 2006 was our 6th visit to the hotel. We have stayed in many of the rooms, find them extremely nice. The staff is great. The restaurant delicious. The Goring is now our London home; we wouldn't stay anywhere else. Yes, it's expensive, but so is all of London. We are now making our plans to return in June 2007.	
Dec 16 2006 	An oasis	I've been staying at The Goring for over a decade and look forward to every return trip. I spend far too many nights in hotels around the world, but only at The Goring do people greet me by name when I walk in the door. I've seen comments about the decor of the rooms. In my view, this is not a hotel where you hole up in the room to hide from the world. One of the best features is the lounge, which is a great place for a drink, a light meal, and for just hanging around where Brian and the staff will take very good care of you. And, Jeremy Goring is likely to drop by to make sure you are being cared for. This is a hotel that is about people, service and relationships -- and is unlike any other in the world.	
Dec 13 2006 	Needs updating	Some aspects of this hotel are fine: good location; reception staff pleasant enough; fine but not outstanding restaurant; clean rooms.But five star? Sadly, no.We had a 1-bedroom suite located on the second floor. Although both the bedroom and drawing room were of a reasonable size, both were dreadfully dated, with tired-looking decor and unappealing funishings. The TV in the drawing room was abysmal - actually, a poor quality PC monitor!The bathroom was of an acceptable size, but again dated, tired and in need of renovation.Service was reasonably quick, but room service in particular needs to buck their ideas up. When accepting an order for afternoon tea their reply should be &quot;certainly, Sir&quot; or even better to address the client by name. &quot;OK. Alright. It'll be with you in a bit&quot; is just sloppy!The restaurant decor is pleasant, with muted yet warm colours, comfortable chairs and polite service. The rather flickery, grey light from the straggly LED ceiling lights leaves a lot to be desired, as does getting our main course order wrong! The food itself is unremarkable.In its current state of repair The Goring is in reality a rather down-at-heel four star, with high prices, service that aspires to mediocrity but a nice enough location. The Sofitel in St James offers more for less outlay and would be my choice of the two.	
Dec 12 2006 	How Did This One Get A 5 Star Rating?	Beware of room 113 in this hotel. Charges of the order of 329 pounds per night - small, dark, depressing and ill appointed room that needs urgent refurbishing. This hotel does not warrant its 5 star status, and cannot compare to some of the other well known London names. Perhaps trading on bygone reputation. Area around Victoria Station not the best. Deputy Manager seemed surprised that I cancelled my additional nights, and was prepared to find me a better room?? Apparently it was news to him that room 113 was not attractive. He could have handled the situation substantially better. Perhaps he might try sleeping in this room for one night. I felt so strongly about the charges and the poor room I had received that I cancelled my return trip which was scheduled for a few days later, and headed off for the safety of another 5 star property in the West End. Need I say more.Staff, with the exception of this Manager, tried to be helpful and efficient, but were the overall charges justified - no. The Athenaeum produces much better service and rooms that are infinitely more comfortable.You are warned.	
Oct 17 2006 	Superb Hotel	We booked this hotel very much last minute and therefore got a very reasonable price. The Goring is classy with a wonderful atmosphere, attentive staff and spotlessly clean. Huge rooms and bathrooms and wonderfully comfortable bed. Will certainly go back and recommend to all.	
Oct 7 2006 	Friendly elegance	Lovely hotel in a great location (near Buckingham Palace, easy walk to St. James Park, Victoria Station, etc. - but on quiet side street.) Service was excellent, personal, and had a genuine warmth and friendliness. Rooms and all public areas very clean! (Big deal to us.) Bedding comfortable, room arrangement good. Concierge swiftly and calmly arranged for house doctor and follow up trips to 24-hr chemist on Sunday evening when one of our party, an elderly heart patient, had forgotten to pack the vital medicine. Decor feels appropriately &quot;English,&quot; but is updated, warm, and all funtional necessities are updated. Ask for a room with Barbara sheep :)	
Sep 22 2006 	Fantastic!	Top quality hotel, excellent personal but non-intrusive service but thenm you would expect that for the price that you pay. We went to celebrate our anniversary and it was the perfect location for it!	
Sep 12 2006 	Good for tourists with money to spare...	Having booked our stay via a hotel website, the price was a greatly reduced £150 a night but, as soon as I stepped inside the room, I cancelled our second!For a 5* hotel in central London the price isn't bad but, beware, The Goring has some tiny rooms and they wont be afraid to give them to you! The bathroom was nice with Molton Brown products but, averagely sized as it was, it was almost the same size as the dim, claustrophobic room. The service was extremely good and the staff friendly and helpful. We ate at the restaurant and I couldn't fault the food. I had an eggy favourite of the Queen Mother's to start and salmon for main, while my husband had beef tartare and best bit of lamb. All of the ingredients tasted fresh and were well-prepared, with delicious vegetables and potatoes to accompany included in the price. Not so good for vegetarians though. The only problem was that it was £38 each for two courses (plus £4 extra for the lamb; I restrained myself from choosing the Dover Sole because of the £8 supplement) so, including wine and 12.5% service charge, it was a lot of money. Whilst I can't complain about what we received, it doesn't reflect value for money; that price could quite easily get you a three course meal in similar hotels. We treated ourselves to afternoon tea the next day. We were there half an hour before the usual 3.30pm serving time. We didn't at all mind ordering a cup of tea to drink whilst waiting for the half hour to pass (although a truly good 5* wouldn't mention the fact that you were early but would do everything to accomodate you regardless). The afternoon tea came, served beautifully. We were a little unsure as to how many teas we had ordered: plates came with two scones and cream, but then only one finger of each of the four types of sandwich and only one of each variety of miniature cake (the miniscule battenburg was rock stale anyway), including only one small square of the much-boasted of speciality fruit cake, which was specifically mentioned as a significant element of each single afternoon tea. Nonetheless, the bill came and we were charged £17.50 per head - two halves of a finger sandwich and half of a few cakes added up to that amount each, PLUS, the &quot;2 tea and biscuits&quot; we had apparently ordered (being the interim-filling cups of tea - no biscuits were served whatsoever) came to whoppingly cheeky £10. Including the 12.5% service charge it was £50 for two cuppas and some fussy fairy cakes. Whilst we enjoyed ourselves, The Goring really does not offer value for money. It has the version of English charm that is slightly contrived for the American tourist; my heart sank when I saw a brassy kiosk next to the check-in desk brimming with bright and leary leaflets and bustour posters. I would advise the English couple looking for a quiet London break choose the far superior Number Eleven Cadogan Gardens, which, it appears to be, just cannot be beaten.	
Aug 10 2006 	True British Class in the Heart of London	Our stay at the Goring was like a window opening on upper crust British culture. Sitting in the lounge at tea time is great people watching oppourtunity. The staff are friendly and helpful, they would go through a lot of trouble to help the customer. The food is good if you want to eat expensive and fancy food every night but many casual pubs are only a short walk away. The rooms are a nice sive with beautiful bathrooms to complete the setting. The hotel is also centerally located; within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Parliment and Westminster Abbey. The hotel appeals to a mainly British croud but, as Americans we treated like family as well. The Goring is a Triumph for British high society and one of the great hotels of London it was a joy staying at The Goring and being in a London in a true British sense. Bob Gaffey, New Jersey, USA	
Aug 1 2006 	I love the gorgeous Goring!	I took my wife to stay at The Goring for our wedding anniversary and it has earned me a lot of brownie points! The welcoming staff and comfortable surroundings were just as I had hoped, and my wife adored the little extras in the room (that's as well as the funny sheep that popped up everywhere!) Location was great for central London, but the fact that it is tucked away a bit removes you from the city when you step inside the hotel. We also had a fabulous champagne afternoon tea on the terrace on our actual anniversary. I highly recommend this lovely haven to anyone for a weekend to treat yourself.	
Jul 18 2006	very 'chic'!	A few Weekends ago, my husband and i spent a blissful couple of days at the Goring Hotel. We came down from Newcastle and had decided to do the London 'scene' properly. In the style in which the Goring is famous. As the Queen Mothers favourite we were excited about the reality of this family run establishment. We payed £250 for our room which looked onto their garden, which was nice as it felt as though we were not in the heart of London, (which in fact we were!) and helped us not to feel too far from home. As it is just down the road from Buck Palace it was also ideal for going on the summer tour around it. I particularly liked the mad stuffed sheep which seemed to be randomely deposited around the hotel!! Quite quirky! All of the staff were very friendly and the restaurant which has been (proudly) done up by Princess Margret's son, was very elegant... all in all we had a great time. It is In the centre of London, and we felt very 'chic' whilst staying there!	
Jun 22 2006	Nice but not great	Like most I went to this hotel because of the great reviews. Location wise it was great as we were attending a gig at Hyde Park and it was about 10 minutes away and Victoria tube is virtually over the road. The hotel seemed to lack any real personality and the rooms were in desperate need of refurbishment. The bathrooms it seems have been done and they have made a great job! I was extrememely disappointed that having paid over £250 for room only, we seemed to get the smallest room in the hotel with only one chair in it and a small bed. Our view over looked the fire escape. Hmmm not great. We had a cocktail in the bar which was also a let down, a bellini with warm champagne and peach syrup instead of fresh peach juice, not your usual 5 star standard. If it is just a bed you are after then go ahead and book but if you want that something extra then avoid The Goring.	
Mar 16 2006	English to the core!	This hotel is still owned by the Goring family, and it has all the characteristics of a well-loved family establishment. (Take some time to read Tales from the Goring, an amusing history of the hotel. There's a copy in every room.) Some of the rooms feel a bit faded -- or comfortably old-fashioned, depending on your perspective -- but the bathrooms are good. The service is top notch; very professional and accommodating.Apparently, a new generation of Gorings has taken the reins. The dining room has been superbly updated by none other than David Linley (Princess Margaret's son). Maybe the bedrooms will be updated as well, but I suspect the regular guests wouldn't hear of it!The Goring has heaps of English character, good service, a wonderful location, and an impressive history. If you value these things, then it's worth the steep price. If you'd prefer a much more modern take on &quot;Britishness,&quot; you might like the Soho hotel, which costs about the same.P.S. We had great meals at two nearby restaurants, Thomas Cubitt and the Ebury Wine Bar.	
Feb 18 2006	London as it should be	We stayed here for a weekend last year and enjoyed it so much we're going back this April. Having stayed in many top, 5* hotels in GB I can highly recommend this one. The staff are friendly, polite and have a sense of humour ( ie they're human!). The place is comfortable ( I disagree with the 'shabby' review- our bedroom was beautiful), quiet ( nice for those of us used to the country) and central to most things. Not cheap but worth every penny.I forgot - the food is also delicious.	
Dec 31 2005	The last taditional London deluxe hotel	A superb experience. The last traditional 5* left in London and yet not resting on its laurels. The refurbishment of the dining room by Linley is inspired and updates the hotel whilst keeping its traditional air. The food is very traditional: like a list of English dishes which you would choose if you had the time to prepare them. Rooms are quietly traditional, with superb housekeeping and very very quiet. Service is magnificent. In short, a gem of a hotel.	
Dec 12 2005	Heaven does exsists here on earth ....at the Goring Hotel	I have had the great good luck in the last 50 years to be able to stay at some of the finest hotels in the world, but I must say, spending 3 nights this December at the Goring Hotel was my highlight. I am not sure, reading the other reviews that were posted here, those that were critical, whether they acutally stayed at the hotel, for everything they mentioned I found to be patently NOT true. The hotel is not for everyone, keep that in mind. It is a boutique hotel with only 70 or so rooms and is the last 5 star deluxe privatly run hotel in London. The average staff has been employed for at least 5 to 7 years and many over 20. This is the hotel that reflects London's glorious and elegant past, while still being relavent in the 21st century. You'll find most of it's guests dress up day and night (How nice in this day and age), and that civility is the watch word of the day. The hotel is cozy and comfortable, it's like being in an historic English country home. You'll find after one day, many of the staff will know you by name. If you are looking for trendy, then this hotel is not for you, but if you are looking for the London of ones dreams, of what London was and should be (it is here), then the Goring is for you. Here in the bar (open 24 hours a day) you can smoke a cigar (they have a wonderful collection) and sip an after dinner drink and no one will look askance at you. It is one of the most beloved pleasures I can think of. The rooms overlooking the garden are wonderful. During the week, the hotel is packed with assorted aristocrats. captains of industry, stage personalities and goverment higher ups, all enjoying the quietness and coziness of the hotels lounge and dinning room. It is not stuffy, but it is correct in all manner of the word.The staff and management are incredible, but all of this costs and so be prepared to spend a bit, but then you get your monies worth, 10 times over.	
Aug 21 2005	Great Location Wonderful Staff So-So Hotel	Stayed 5 nights at Goring with my family during the first week of August, 2005. I chose the Goring in part due to its excellent location and in part due to the rave reviews on Trip Advisor. The location turned out to be great...close enough to central London attractions that we were able to walk to just about anywhere we wanted to go...but peaceful and quiet at night. The comments on TripAdvisor suggested a great staff. This turned out to be quite the case...very friendly and helpful staff, very accomodating with anything we needed (I have never had a doorman jog 2 blocks to flag down a taxi before the Goring!) They also used a hand trolley and carried our baggage all the way from the hotel directly onto the train at Victoria Station! However, the rooms and other decor sadly needed refurbishment. We reserved a family room -- an interconnecting room with kingsized bed in one (smallish) bedroom connecting to a larger room for 3 teen-agers. It actually worked reasonably well, but the furniture, bedding, carpeting and doors were in disrepair. The carpet in the hallways and stairways was threadbare. Hardly 5 star quality. The A/C quit working the first day...but was repaired after 3 calls to the front desk. The bathrooms seemed to have been recently renovated...first-rate in marble and wood. Very clean. Overall, the family enjoyed the place. It served us well in our first trip to London...although I'm not sure I'd go back.	
Aug 8 2005	Enjoyed my stay	Excellent hotel. Walking distance from the Victoria tube line and very gracious staff.	
Jul 27 2005	Classic	The Goring is a true classic. The difference is remarkable when a hotel is privately owned and well loved. This hotel is beautifully maintained, has the perfect location, and the staff is well trained. The highlight was the sheep in our room, a delightful touch.	
Jul 12 2005	so-so	Given the rave reviews of others, we were expecting something special. Whilst the lounges and bars are very pleasant, the rooms themselves are nothing to write home about - they urgently need updating and redocorating.We weren't best pleased when, having booked and paid for a king size room, they tried to palm us off with an 'executive single', with what must have been the smallest 'king-size' bed in history - all 4 foot of it.Our request for a proper room was received with poor grace, and it took them a further 3 hours to find a suitable room - and then only a room with a double bed.The hotel was well worth the £120 paid, but certainly not more than £150.	
Jul 4 2005	Quite simply the best	We are lucky and have stayed in many good hotels, this hotel is, quite simply one of the very best.	
Jun 14 2005 	The best!!!!	I've been to London 3 times and am going back with my husband on July 6th this year. The first time we didn't stay at the Goring, though some family members and friends had stayed there many a time and kept telling us that we need to experience it! So for the last two years, we've stayed there and now I wonder why we didn't do it before! (Maybe the price ~ higher than where we stayed before, but very, very well worth it.) Ernest, the conceirge, is so funny and very good at his job. Mr. Goring and Mr. Cowpe (manager) are very welcoming. From the doormen to the front desk to the dining staff, everyone is friendly and greets you warmly. I can't wait to get back there in 3 weeks! The place is quiet, clean and very charming. If they are missing any of their stuffed animal sheep after I leave, they can just charge our credit card for them!	
Jun 6 2005	Nicest hotel anywhere!	I am a single traveller and have stayed at the Goring many times over the years. This is simply the nicest hotel with the nicest staff anywhere! The rooms, large or small, are all traditionally furnished and perfectly maintained. No matter where you go within the hotel, you are greeted by the smiles of staff who truly seem to enjoy and take pride in their work. The Goring is located within a few minutes walk of Victoria Station but on a quiet street with a lovely garden at the rear. Whenever I think of London (my favorite city), I think of the Goring and wish I were there right now!	
May 6 2005 	A very special place	Stayed at the Goring for the first time 1st to 3rd May. 10 out of 10 in every department. The staff are simply the best! The bedrooms are very tastful decorated and have wonderful views overlooking the hotel's own gardens.The breakfast was outstanding.The location couldn't be better. 2 mins walk from Victoria station and next door to the Palace.London's finest in my book.What more can I say?	
May 5 2005 	The Best Hotel In The World!	I have been fortunate to stay in some of the best hotels in the world, including The Four Seasons in Philadelphia, The Ritz in Paris, The Plaza in NYC and The Peninsular in Bangkok. The Goring, without doubt puts them all in the shade. From your approach the hotel to your departure, your every need is catered for, this hotel has everything going for it. It has the perfect location next to Buckingham Palace and the staff are simply the best, nothing is too much trouble for them. The lobby is impressive and the bedrooms are even better. I prefer the garden facing rooms, a fantastic outlook at any part of the day. The restaurant has just been voted “the best in London”. I’m not surprised why, the food is the best I have ever had in my entire life, and the service is just as good. It’s no surprise Royalty and Head’s of State from around the globe are frequent visitors to the Goring.For the standard of the hotel I found the prices to be very reasonable indeed. This 5 Star Hotel is now in it’s third generation of ownership since it’s opening at the beginning of the 20th Century. There is still a “Goring” running the hotel, which I find very pleasing at such an old established hotel. Maybe that’s one of the reasons that this hotel truly is one of the wonders of the world. If you get the opportunity to stay at The Goring, take it, you will not be disappointed!	
Apr 29 2005	Our home in London	Many generations of travelers stay at the Goring. Just as my parents stayed there, now do we enjoy the hotel once a year. It is not flashy, but elegant in an understated way. We reserve one of the family rooms which is one king bedded room with bath connected by a little entrance to a twin room with it's own bath .By London standards it is very reasonably priced. We always have room service at least once. It is the only time I have ever had room service where the waiter brings the dessert a few minutes after the meal so it would not melt. The food in the dining room is perfect. Our table was right next to Margaret Thatcher's table. After touring all day, I would just call down and say , &quot;May I have some fruit, tea and cookies?&quot; and up would come a lovely assortment of goodies. No mini bar in the room. I would stop by the quick stop and pick up some water and specific snacks. The beds and linens are first quality and the housekeeping is the best I have ever experienced in a hotel. One morning I noticed a small light bulb in the chandelier had burned out. I thought, okay, here is a test. I said nothing. When I returned that afternoon- a new lightbulb was in the chandelier.Lots of big fluffy towels on a heated towel rack. Quiet location. We took our teenagers to France for a few days and my youngest remarked that she wanted to leave Paris and go back to home. To the Goring. My 16 year old wants to live at the Goring. It is also the type of place I would feel very comfortable staying as a single woman traveling. They have a small lobby and know everybody who comes and goes. You leave your key at the front desk when you go out for the day. A big key- not a card. All of this talking about the Goring makes me look forward to our annual trip in ....6 months! Might have to go sooner.	
Mar 18 2005 	Toy Tigers!!	The standard of service is excellent. The staff are highly motivated. The public areas are very impressive. However if you are travelling alone don't let them assign you to Room 65, unless you like small drab rooms next to a kitchen and also like to be awaked at 06.30 by the sound of the staff preparing breakfast trays. The hotel's advertising says that rooms &quot;have enough room to swing a tiger&quot;. It must be a toy tiger!! In a hotel of this generally excellent standard, Room 65 should carry a warning!!	
Jan 26 2005	They set the standard	I loved my stay at the Goring, the 1st hotel in the world to have indoor plumming. Service is excellent. After checking out the bell man offered to walk with us &amp; take the luggage the short walk to Victoria Station to catch the train to Gatwick. THe Goring is located just behind Buckingham Palace. The only draw back is that the view of Buck House is of a high wall &amp; razer wire. Rooms were not small but not large. The building is in a square with a lovely courtyard &amp; garden in the middle. We loved our high tea. Since it was good enough for the Queen Mumm who regularly stopped by, its good enough for me!	
Nov 4 2004	An English hotel!	The pricey (what isn't in London?), family-run Goring Hotel is a real, once-in-a-lifetime treat. Tucked around the corner from bustling Victoria Station, a few blocks from Eaton Square and ultra-posh Belgravia, and Buckingham Palace, the low-profile hotel is a five-story, late Victorian brick pile with beautiful, clubby public rooms (the lobby's bright yellow!) and its own private garden. Our room was small considering the cost, but the furniture, bath, beds and linens were dreamy. Service is finely tuned and friendly. BUT, you'd think they'd have a continental breakfast service considering the cost. Also, there's a certain, ye-olde traditionalist smugness about the place that gets cloying after five days. I nevertheless recommend it to anyone who can afford it, who doesn't know London very well, wants a posh, small hotel and wants to be well located. God save the Queen!	
Sep 22 2004	Good all round performer	Very convenient for Victoria (which was crucial for my trip), very firendly staff, excellent room service. The room itself was slightly small, but that is a minor complaint.	
Jun 28 2004	The Goring: A Delightful Treat		
Apr 11 2004	Wonderful Stay!		
Feb 1 2004	The Goring is Special!		
Nov 11 2003	The ONLY Place to stay in London		
Nov 4 2003	no nonodon't go.		
Oct 1 2003	Simply...the best		
Jul 31 2003	Wow!		
Jun 21 2003	This really is a "classic" they do not need to change anything		
Oct 21 2002	superb location		
Jul 16 2002	Spectacular 		
Oct 12 2009 	Vero English style		
Aug 4 2009 	absolutely perfekt! the best hotel I have ever been!		
Apr 24 2006	Perfecto...o casi!!Una lastima.		
