Sep 18 2009 	Mixed Review: Some Good Some Bad	We checked into the hotel for three nights, Thursday through Sunday, after booking it on their website based on some good reviews here. The good: location isn't bad -- a ten minute brisk walk from Victoria Station. The room was adequate though noisy (we were awakened each morning before 7 a.m. workers outside the building, garbage trucks, etc.), and the staff seemed accommodating (but see more later). We were fairly satisfied, and until check out, we would have given a higher rating, but then the problems began. We were told that we had a &quot;small&quot; balance for incidentals, but we hadn't charged anything, to our knowledge. The charge was for breakfast the morning after we checked in, a total of over $60US for two people. Despite the fact the desk clerk had told us upon arrival that &quot;breakfast is included with your room&quot; and gave us the hours for Friday morning, we were charged for Friday's breakfast. At no time had anyone on the staff informed us that this particular breakfast was not included (Saturday and Sunday's breakfasts were), and we even heard the breakfast attendants telling other guests each morning that their meal wasn't included. Our protests about the charge were denied by the desk clerk and manager, even the same desk clerk who had cheerfully informed us that breakfast was included. He then claimed he was just giving &quot;general information&quot; to us, not telling us we had breakfast each morning. So, we will not stay at the Rochester again, and I advise guests to eat breakfast at their own peril. And, if the Rochester responds to this, I will say that the meal policy is not explained well on your website, and your clerks need to be trained to give guests correct information. We paid the price for this.	
Aug 31 2009 	Cosy place	Stayed there for one night, and place was actually worth it! But 4* is a little too much for this hotel. Our room was a bit old, you could say it by the marks on the walls and ceiling. In other hand this is a great value for this price comparing with other hotels located near Victoria station.Beautiful, clean, well-decorated rooms with balcony. Friendly staff. Great location.Delicious breakfast.	
Aug 29 2009 	Lovely well-located hotel	I stayed here with my husband in August 2009 for two nights. The rooms were small but quite luxurious and very clean. The hotel is on a quiet side-street overlooking a lovely park, and is a 10-15 minute walk from Big Ben, Piccadilly Circus, etc. The location was great and the staff were helpful. The breakfast available in the hotel isn't fantastic (continental), but it was included in our room rate, so it was nice to at least have a cup of coffee in the morning and something small to eat. I would definitely stay at this hotel again the next time we're in London.	
Aug 23 2009 	not quite 4 star quality	Stayed at the Grange Rochester for a 2 night week day trip with hubby and our teenage son (14 yrs old) .Good points ~ near victoria tube just 10 mins walk ~ beautiful breakfast room with very enjoyable continental breakfast ~ hotel pleasantly situated around vincent square nice and quiet.Bad points ~ room very hot, no air con and no cold water from tap ~ no mini bar .We had room 414 not a bad size for three of us, clean comfortable room, staff very pleasant. Area looks good for eating out.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good location for thatre trip to Wicked and Billy Elliot but that's it	I stayed for two nights with my tenage son in a twin deluxe room as part of a theatre package break.The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Victoria station in a pleasant location and the portering staff were pleasant and friendly. Breakfast at £17.25 (though advertised on the tariff board at £15.50) was not included in the deal-we bought supplies from the local Sainsburys which we ate in the room.This was very hot though a fan was provided,also fairly clean but generally disappointing. There was no fridge /mini bar facility and the tea and coffee were not renewed after the first day.At check out the surly receptionist did not ask if we had enjoyed our stay and I really couldn't be bothered to give her any feedback. The area around Victoria has really improved with good eating places and shopping with a pleasant environment and handy for Westminster area and the two theatres.	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent for the price	Lovely quite hotel between Westminster and Victoria. Lovely clean and presented bedrooms and bathrooms. Very friendly and curtious staff. Good choice continental breakfast buffet - but pay extra for Full English which looked great.Got a very good rate on there website including breakfast £68.00 per twin bedroom with continetal breakfast May 2009	
Jun 13 2009 	Pokey gets redefined	Stayed here for one night as I was attending a course. On arrival, greeting was reluctantly friendly but reception area was splendid with it's marble floor and impressive glass lift. The room was advertised as a small single. Fair enough, but there is small, and there is s m a l l. Imagine not being able to walk into a room with a small case, and negotiating doorways and walls and furniture; suffice to say, it was small. However, despite the lack of space, the rather tired looking room was comfortable, if a little warm. Location was ideal for where the course was located, but unless you want to see &quot;wicked&quot; or &quot;billy elliot&quot;, it seemed to be a bit far from london main attractions and tube services. Breakfast was appauling. Warm orange, stale corn flakes, and the fried offerings looked as though they'd welcome a reheat if not to be scraped into a bin, in short, downright awful. To be fair, the absence of Mr. Basil Fawlty only added to the disappointment, even though this was the companys money, it did feel a bit wrong having to pay for it; even at the heavily discounted rate.	
May 27 2009 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	Thanks to the friends on Trip Advisor who told me this hotel was close to the Victoria Apollo Theater; and it was!!! Nice, quiet, easy access. No Wi-Fi and charge to use their internet per 15 minutes. Service staff not to happy; attemped to order the english breakfast but the staff dropped my coffee and never came back. Concierage was helpful.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good base to visit London	My husband and I stayed in the Grange Rochester for 2 nights.The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from Victoria station and is located in a residential area of London. Our room overlooked the Westminster School's playing fields and, compared to other parts of central London, was a peaceful and quiet location.When checking in I found the receptionist to be quite abrupt in his manner, though he did upgrade us to an Executive double.Our room was a decent size with a comfy bed. The furniture was a bit dated but the room was clean and we didn't really spend that much time in it. The bathroom was small however and with no window or extractor fan things did get a bit steamy!Breakfast was included in our room rate and was served in the small Pavillion restaurant on the ground floor. Choices were fairly limited and at £15 for a continental buffet and £20 for a cooked breakfast, I'm glad it was included in our package!This hotel was a good base for us to explore London, with its close proximity to Victoria station and easy walking distance to a lot of London's top tourist attractions.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great location at good price	Centrally located only 5 minutes from Victoria. The hotel entrance can be a little bit difficult to find but the bar is easier so you can follow the building down.We went for one night in January. We had a good stay - the room was quite small but for one night this didn't matter. Paying £65 through laterooms this was excellent value. The staff were nice and the decor fine. For a central London hotel at this price it was a great find. It is not worth the £215 advertised though!	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great price!	My friend and I stayed at the Grange Rochester Hotel from 9-12 January. We were VERY impressed with the hotel, and will certainly be staying there again!The hotel is located near a charming park just a 7 minute walk from the Victoria Station. This was a great location because we never heard any street noise from our 1st floor room, and the Victoria Station had so much to offer! We took the bus straight from Stansted Airport to the station for 9 pounds each, and there we got lots of help from the information desk.Our room, a standard twin, was quite nice. The beds were incredibly comfortable and I'd love to know where I could buy those fantastic sheets! The only problem with the room was that there was no shower curtain, just a small glass partition that only went part way across the shower, so our bathroom was soaked every morning while we were getting ready. Also, the room had no ventilation, and getting rid of steam and stuffiness wasn't very easy. But, it was worth it for the nice accommodations, perfect for two people on a budget.The hotel is small by American standards, but had everything we needed. The continental breakfast was a perfect start to each day, and the coffee tasted great. The breakfast room can't accommodate all the guests each morning on the weekends, so we had to eat with strangers one day, and on bar stools another day, but the food was still good.The concierge, Juan, was very helpful. He prepared maps, called shoe stores, and recommended great places to find London's famous January sales. They directed us to Westfield mall as an alternative to Harrods, and we came home with countless shopping bags all for about 100 pounds.We arrived 5 hours before check-in, and left for the airport about 5 hours after check out, but the hotel stored our bags in a secure area so we could maximize our sight seeing.Two things you need to know about the hotel before you book: 1. No wireless, there is one computer in the lobby that you can use for 2 pounds every 15 minutes (a rip off if you ask me). Although, they didn't bother to charge me when I used it for 5 minutes.2. Book directly through the Grange Hotels website. We paid 80 pounds for Friday, and 60 pounds for Saturday and 60 pounds for Sunday night. We didn't know it when we booked, but were pleased to find that this price included breakfast!When I go to London again I will certainly put the Grange Rochester at the top of my list. However, on the 3rd day we discovered Covent Garden with it's amazing theaters, shopping, and street performers...if I could find something like the Grange Rochester in that district, I might go there instead, it was so lively and fun!	
Jan 1 2009 	Good value in a convenient location	Part of the Grange Hotel group which always seem to have reasonable prices on comparison sites - but I always book direct on their own website - I can't complain about a double room including generous continental breakfast for £60-odd (weekend rate). Whilst not 4-star the hotel does have a nice quiet location ideal for Victoria Station and the West End. If you're into plants the excellent Royal Horticultural Society library is 100 yards away in Vincent Square. Minor points: the bathroom window had no curtain /blind, just sort of crinkly glass and a net curtain, and the rooms could do with general 'refreshing'.	
Dec 21 2008 	ideal overnight	This was the second time we stayed here. We booked via the hotel`s own website as it was a better deal and included breakfast. (Note; all prices are excluding VAT so need to add this on for comparison). Both times we were upgraded to executive rooms (possibly as we booked direct).Both times the room was a reasonable size although small bathroom, overlooking Vincent Square gardens and with a tiny balcony. Clean, quiet and comfortable with well stocked hospitality tray,only 5-10 minutes walk from Victoria. This meant good tube/bus links and no extra expense to get mainline train home on last day. Continental breakfast was more than adequate with good choice of cereals, pastries, cold meat, cheese, fresh fruit and english breakfast available at a reasonable supplement of £5.11 +VAT. Staff friendly and welcoming and will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 25 2008 	delightful place	This is a delightful place in the heart of a big city. This place was booked for me by the company so I had no choice or idea what to expect. The hotel staff at reception and in the dining room were very pleasant and helpful. I had been allocated a room on the 5th floor, but as the lift only reaches the 4th floor, they offered to change it - no problem. My room was small, very clean and with elegant old fashioned furnishings befitting the hotel. I had no problem changing the temperature for the bath and shower Breakfast was included in my package - self-service buffet with good selection of hot &amp; cold foods. Plenty of staff on duty who brought coffee quickly and cleared tables quickly. Obviously a very popular place. Situated only 10 mins walk from Victoria stations and so very convenient for visiting attractions. My only comment would be the 6 steps at the front door - so no wheelchair access.	
Nov 20 2008 	Dreadful.	We booked this hotel at the last minute from a kiosk in Victoria railway station. The lady at the kiosk contacted this hotel and took our payment. At first, they offered us a staggering £105.99. Now, I know this is fairly cheap for London, but for what this hotel had to offer, £105.99 was astronomical. I managed to get the price down to £85 (Which meant that I could not sample the delightful breakfast...)When we eventually arrived at the hotel (After quite the search; it's in a back-street), we walked into a cramped building, which admittedly did have some character, at least looking from the outside. We handed our reservation to the gentleman at the desk, only to be told that it wasn't valid and that we'd have to pay again. After several minutes of referring him to the telephone number on the receipt we had, he decided that it was valid after all, and gave us an &quot;upgrade&quot; to the family room (Heaven knows what the standard double was like!). He then charged us £20 deposit for the mini-fridge. It turns out that our room actually had no mini-fridge. The room service was prompt, which I suppose is a good point.When we got to our room, we looked around. I walked into the bathroom and was greeted by the smell of urine, and vomit which was caked on the wall and was still in the toilet pan. The shower had two temperature settings; freezing cold or arctic. The beds had three layers of duvet on (Possibly to compensate for the lack of heating in the room). Luckily for us, we were planning to be out most of the night. When we did eventually tuck in for the night, the beds were like sleeping on concrete blocks. The next morning, my friend lost her train tickets between the two single beds that she was hogging to herself. Instead of the train tickets, she found sex toys. Considering this was supposed to be a FAMILY room, I thought that this was totally disgusting. In conclusion, avoid this hotel like the plague.	
Nov 19 2008 	Nice location very 'compact'	I turned up at this hotel and realised that I'd stayed here once before. Both times it was a 'secret' booking on Last Minute.The place is actually tiny - you go through the entrance and almost step into the lift - and the reception desk is squeezed in a corner. The rooms too are tiny, but not so much that it's uncomfortable. There's a lack of niceties, presumably because there's just no space for them - so no iron, minibar or even glasses in the room. Other than that, the only real criticisms are the slightly snooty staff (maybe it's only to Last Minute cheapskate guests). Oh, and the lift doesn't go to the top floor, so you have to walk.	
Nov 13 2008 	I really do love this hotel!	I thought I'd write another review about this hotel to give it its 5 stars. The staff are helpful (if 1% off friendly), the rooms are good, the decor is great and the peace in the heart of London is amazing!I just wish people would stop writing good reviews of it so I could actually get a room there more often!	
Oct 29 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed here for friends wedding over the weekend of 25th/26th October. The hotel had been booked on our behalf by the bride's sister, so we didn't have a lot of option but we were pleasantly surprised by what we discovered. Check-in was quick and easy - the staff are very efficient and polite. Our room was on the 5th floor and the lift only goes to the 4th, so had to negotiate a flight of stairs which wouldn't be appropriate for any disabled guests. The room was clean, tidy and in good repair - although a little on the small side. Breakfast comprised of a continental buffet with the option of full English for an additional £6. The choice was ample and the staff willing to bring any additional items you requested. One small gripe was there appeared to be too many tables for the size of the dining room. Altogether a pleasant stay and would definitely consider using this hotel again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Grange Rochester last weekend for a family wedding and although the hotel does not have disabled access and I had broken my ankle (two weeks before) and had to be carried up and down the stairs all of the staff were very helpful. The service at the bar was a little slow and the food in the restaurant for dinner was not up to standard, but the breakfast was plentiful and very good. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend to others if they don't mind staying away from the West End.	
Sep 14 2008 	Hot! Hot! Hot!	Just come back from a 2 night stay.We booked with an agency selling the package with a thearte show.We were a little concerned but the show tickets were priceless.!! The hotel is situated in a quiet loc\ation off the main drag and was not of choice but our stay was loveley.You will need to walk at leat 5 minutes to a bus stop.There are no direct buses and you will have to change.The tube at Victoria is a good 15 minute walk and is hard going with luggage.Taxi from the Liecester Square which we had after a night out was 11 pounds.The best way to get around is bus and a 3.50 all day bus pass is fine if you dont mind walking a little. The hotel is very elegant with lots of original features and not the busstle of a tower block.The staff were fantastic throughout.On arrival we were upgraded to a family room.The only downside it had no view and the lift noise was loud.The room was excessiveley HOT and bearing on uncomfortable but it was adeqaute for our needs.Breakfast which was included was the usual for continental and plentiful.The staff were very efficient and polite. You can have a full english for an extra 5 ponuds if you wish.(personally I wouldnt bother everything was delightful)The Indian restaurant opposite is one that wasnt very nice!All in all we had a fab time and would recommend the hotel to friends.We would definately go back but would request a room with a view and not to be too hot!!!!	
Aug 17 2008 	Brilliant Hotel!	We booked this hotel a couple of months ago via a booking website - the name escapes me - and were impressed by the hotel's own website so we had no hesitation in staying here. We later read Trip Advisor reports and whilst the majority were good there were a few which made us think uh oh!We needn't have been concerned, the hotel was fantastic!From the minute we arrived a porter met us at the top of the hotel stairs, took our bags and the Reception Manager - Robert - was unbelievably helpful and pleasant. He upgraded us without being asked to a superior double room overlooking the rear street, room 301 - it was spotlessly clean and whilst a little smaller than we'd expect for a superior room it was more than adequate, and it was a free upgrade anyway so who cares! There were 2 small bedside tables, a desk, built in wardrobe, 2 chairs, suitcase stand and separate bath / shower over, with the whole outer wall windowed, so it was nice and light.There was every amaenity you could ask for, lovely furniture, double glazing, a comfy bed, lots of towels, a balcony, great pillows, a free Daily Mail each day, tea and coffee facilities, a bath, toiletries, etc.Anyone who would find fault with this place is either very picky, or does not understand the meaning of good service at about £80 per room per night which is the rate we paid for a Thursday to Saturday stay.We had breakfast in the room rate on the last day, it was a basic but excellent continental and for about £5 more you got a lovely well cooked full English. The dining room was a gem.The hotel public areas were lovely, a real quaint hotel, with the nicest bar I've ever seen with comfy sofas and a further cafe on the corner where we ate once and the food was stunning.The other staff were equally helpful but Robert was the best Reception Manager I've ever met - thanks Robert for making the stay so great and don't forget - it's LLANDUDNO you should visit when you are in North Wales!The location was 5 minutes from St James tube, in a very quiet area with a good Indian or Italian restaurant over the road, and lots of local shops for odds and ends.All in all this is the hotel we'll be using in future - yes you probably can get better in London but not much better and it'd have 5 stars and a room rate of £300 minimum per night attached to it.Thanks to the staff once again for making it a great stay.	
Aug 9 2008 	Good location	The hotel is very good for the price we paid - though I would not class it as a four star. We booked because of it's close proximity to where we were going to eat and the price per person, so ten of us stayed for my daughter's hen weekend. (they have quad rooms). It was perfect for us. The rooms are very clean and comfortable, the breakfast good. One niggle was that we had to pay in advance on our credit card for the possibility we would use the minibar - but there wasn't one in one of our rooms! Naturally, the card was not charged though. Generally, a nice location, clean, comfortable, only a short walk from Victoria Station, pleasant staff. For me, the bathroom is always important (I'm strange like that!) and theirs was nice and clean and attractive. I would definitely stay here again and I work in a four star hotel myself!	
Jul 25 2008 	A great place to stay	We recently returned from a two-night stay at the Grange Rochester Hotel. It was a birthday treat for myself (and daughter), so we had high expectations and we were not disappointed. We had previously stayed at another Grange Hotel (the Holborn) and wanted to experience the same standard of accommodation and service. The Rochester is in a lovely quiet area, overlooking a square, where cricket is played. Our room was at the front of the hotel, complete with a balcony, and was very well furnished and comfortable. A welcome retreat after the hustle and bustle of London's streets and underground system, which is only a 10 minute walk away. The staff were friendly, polite and attentive. The continental breakfast set us up for the day. Higly recommended - we'll definitely return to this hotel.	
Jun 9 2008 	Not the best	Booked through work so maybe not the best room in the world but not incredibly enthused with the place. Room is tiny as is the lift taking me there, the bar is ok but closes early for London and the breakfast is average. Staff are ok and I guess the hotel is fine for one night on business but no way would I stay here if I was in London for fun considering the price.	
May 30 2008	Quiet well run with character	This hotel was good value (booked directly with their website). The hotel is located in a quiet square, dominated by Westminster School's cricket field, but very close to transport links at Victoria railway station. Our room was very spacious and traditionally furnished. One minor gripe - some of the consumables weren't topped up enough. Breakfast was average (cooked is extra) - the coffee was advertised as &quot;freshly brewed&quot; but in fact instant! I would warmly recommend this hotel, but perhaps go elsewhere for your meals.	
Apr 20 2008 	cringingly bad	Sloppy service, dated room and an unimaginative, 1970s style menu greated us on our recent stay; an appetizing sounding started of tuna and salad nicose (costing £7.50) consisted of cos lettice, tastless tomatoes and tinned tuna! Having sat down to dine at 9pm, we awaited our main course to be told that the restaurant would 'close in 20 minutes'. Despite having to remind the waitress that we had ordered wine with our meal, we were then denied the opportunity to order a desert or coffee as they had 'finished service.' I could go on... the 20 minute wait for breakfast before being told to go next door to another restaurant where no cooked vegetarian breakfast was available. 2 x 4 ft 6 beds facing each other as opposed to a comfy double room... but I guess you get the picture. Having stayed in numerous London hotels, I can say with absolute confidence that this was the worst experience I have every had	
Apr 14 2008 	Not as grand as it sounds	Stopped in this hotel with friends to see him run the marathon. It is small and the decor is very dated. The rooms are small and dark, and the beds small my husband had the worst nights sleep as his feet were hanging over the bed. I was kept up most of the night by the sound of the elevator, it creates like a wind like noise everytime it was in use. If i was a large lady there would be no way i could squeeze into the toilet as it was very small indeed. The bar was very small and if ten people was there it would be packed to the brim. I must mention the staff though they were very friendly and polite and could not do enough for you. But you cannot check in while 2 p.m. and have to be out for eleven. Our friends booked this hotel and it said it was a four star but i would probably give it a three, and it is very deciptive as it says it is near westminster but it is closer to victoria station.	
Apr 12 2008 	Best you can get for the price	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night in April 08 and was well impressed. I booked direct and only paid £69 so wasn't expecting too much but it beat my expectations. Location.It's in a quiet area that's away from the normal hussle and bussle of London. For me, this was good, maybe not ideal for everyone but bear in mind it's only a 5-10 min walk to the nearest tube (Victoria) and then onto where ever you need, or simply ask reception for a taxi. Room. There's no getting way from the fact that the room was small, but for a few nights does this matter? It was clean, comfortable, and had what you would expect, TV, bath, shower, tea making.Service.To be honest I did not meet very many staff but those I did were fine and helpful.Summary.Great for a short stay in London, I have paid twice the price and got a lot worst. My room was small but had everything I needed.	
Apr 4 2008	Wonderful Hotel - Book with Confidence!	I don't why there are so many mixed reviews about this hotel, but I took a quick trip over to London with my 71 year old father and we absolutely LOVED this hotel.We stayed on the 4th floor in the Executive Room, with 2 beds, that overlooked the park. Our cute balcony was so nice to see in the morning that it really did brighten up the day.The room itself was very spacious (and I mean VERY spacious), clean, and charming - there's not one thing I could complain about. At night, it was so quiet that you could hear a pin drop.The staff was a little sheepish, but overall pleasant if you gave them a chance. Breakfast was included in the price and consisted of your usual continental feastings: cereals, breads, deli meats, fruit, yogurts, etc. If you craved a hot breakfast, you could order it from the menu, although a bit pricey.And lastly, the location was superb. A 7 min walk took you to Victoria station and off you went!I booked the room directly from the Grange's website (was actually about $100 cheaper than the usual travelocity, hotels.com, etc). We paid 80-110 pounds - it fluctuates on the weekends. If staying in the Executive room, ask for the one with the view of the park. There are some good (and actually accurate!) pictures of what the hotel looks like, esp. the one with the twin beds: http://www.grangehotels.com/photo_gallery/Rochester_hotel.aspI would and have highly recommended this hotel to others. If given the chance to come back, I would most certainly stay at the Grange Rochester again.	
Mar 17 2008 	Worst hotel in 15 years	I stayed at the Grange Rochester Hotel for 5 nights during Feb 2008 booked as part of an intensive business seminar I was attending. The hotel, as I experienced it, was one of the very worst I have seen in over 15 years of travel worldwide! Let me explain…The (single) room was tiny - the only place I could fully open my suitcase was on the 2'6&quot; bed itself. It did have a tiny desk and TV in it but it was very cramped.When I complained to reception I was told that all rooms were the same, that it was a listed building and hence they couldn't change anything, or do anything at all to help me. I got the strong impression they were basically telling me to go away.The bed itself was uncomfortable and super soft and, at over 6 feet tall, I constantly felt as if I was falling out.The worst aspect was room cleanliness. The toilet was dirty from the previous guest and housekeeping had left tiny black hairs in the bed! I had to complain to the front desk in order to get the chief housemaid to clean the bathroom the next day. Within 2 days, the general cleanliness had reverted. Overall, the room fixtures were worn, old, stained and dirty.I feel so strongly about this hotel that it has driven me to write my first Trip Advisor review.In short, this is a tired tourist class hotel with poor customer service and questionable cleanliness. I suggest you could do better at any price.	
Feb 24 2008 	Medicore....	We booked this hotel last-minute using the service at the Victoria Train Station so paid 100 pounds for 1 night. Our room was small but comfortable and clean. We stayed on the 5th floor and the elevator only went to the 4th. Fortunately the conceirge brought our bags up for us but we wondered about a 4 star rating for a hotel without an elevator to many of the guest rooms. The bar staff was friendly but the front desk staff was very snotty when we checked in. I don't think we'll stay here again unless we get a super fantastic deal on the price. Had the cost been more like 70 pounds, I'd be giving another star...as it is...not a great value for money.	
Dec 20 2007 	Comfortable Westminster Base	Handy for Westminster if tricky to find - entrance is not on Vincent Square but down a side street linking to Rochester Row. Friendly efficient staff. Largish room and good choice for breakfast. A bit better than other hotels in the area in the same price range.	
Dec 9 2007	A Taste of Eastern European Service in London	The photos of the lobby look great - similarly the rooms. You won't see people pictured in the photos, as with more than 4 or 5 people in the lobby, it's hard to avoid bumping into one and other. The rooms are cramped, but decent. Let's face it, you're thinking of staying at a place like this because the cost is reasonable vs. the other alternatives. It's location is good, although the neighborhood is far more sedate than the &quot;nearby&quot; Victoria station area, which is a committed 10 minute walk away. Good news: There is an elevator. Bad news: It goes to the 4th floor of a 5 story hotel. The English language skills of the front of the house staff are pretty good, although almost all were younger people from various parts of eastern Europe, whose - shall we say - grace could be lacking at times. At night, the bellman also is the bartender, who is also the &quot;chef&quot; who can try to whip you up a sandwich in the kitchen. If you have any delusions of putting more than 2 people to a room, forget it. Also, the high speed internet, purported to be free, was probably free because it didn't work in our room, and when discussed with the front desk - there goes that language thing again.  If you're in London for quick get away, you won't feel unsafe or ripped off, even if you feel a little out of it, and like you stayed on the flight too long and ended up in Warsaw or Prague. Fortunately, London has too many great things to remember to be negated by an entirely forgettable hotel such as this one.Rick - Boston, MA	
Dec 5 2007 	Lovely hotel old fashioned style.	I've stayed here a few times with work. I've usually been given an amazing room with a great balcony. This time I was first given a rubbish room, however when I complained I was moved without question into once again a lovely room. The style is not my usual and is rather old fashioned. However it is very clean and the balcony's overlook a park. Just the kind of place you'd like to live in if you lived in London.Breakfast varies, but is usually OKA tip would be the Indian across the road - doesn't look great but stunning food and cheap house wine!	
Nov 24 2007 	Grange Rochester	The greatest thing the Grange has going for it is location. It's close to the St. James and Victoria stations and within a 20 minute walk to Westminster Abbey. We saw many British business people there.The staff is for the most part polite and helpful but occasionally seemed a little put off and annoyed when asked about things a tourist or guest might ask (i.e. postage stamps or asking for a drink in the hotel bar.)The rooms (and bathrooms) are small (average size for Europe) but kept clean. In -room dining options are limited.	
Oct 30 2007 	cramped and cheaply replaced broken items	I cannot believe they claim that this hotel has been rated as a 4star. All the glass and metal work had finger prints all over it obviously not polished or cleaned. I had three beds in my room making it hard to move around. Infact you had to sit on the bed to use the desk. There were no chairs in the room. The marble bathroom had strips of timber missing off the wall and had been bordered with a horrible white silicone. The sink was cracked and the TV was like something from the 1960's. i have stayed in much better hotels. It is not as good as even the basic travel lodge. The bed was broken and the covers under the sheet were ripped	
Sep 16 2007 	Loved the Grange Rochester!	I stayed here for 3 days whilst attending a Conference in London.It was an absolutely lovely experience and I almost didn't want to leave!The staff were a complete delight from everyone on the reception, bell boys, cleaning, restaurant - special mention of the lovely Regina from Brazil - and we all commented how keen to help everyone was (sadly so unlike some indiginous English staff in hotels)I was delighted on booking in (which was easy &amp; swift) to be told my room had been upgraded and what a delight to find it had French doors leading to a balcony overlooking the Westminster School playing field that is in the centre of Vincent Square.The bed was clean and extremely comfortable (I get a bad back from poorly sprung beds) and the room overall was comfortable and pleasant with everything one could need.The linen/curtains were of excellent quality and there were plenty of nice big white towels.The bathroom was small but functional with a lovely power shower.I felt that my room was an oasis of tranquility in the heart of bustling London (a city which always exhausts me!)It is 10 minutes walk to Victoria Station/tube, 5 minutes walk to shops on Victoria Street (eg House of Fraser) and 15 minutes to Westminster Abbey/Houses of Parliament etc. The river and the Tate Britain are close by as is Westminster Cathedral.There seemed to be lots of attractive eateries all round but we ate in the hotel both nights as the food was so good. Portions were plentiful &amp; well cooked.I cannot find one bad thing to say about this hotel and everything to say that is good. It is a delight and there was no street noise at all on the Vincent Square side of the hotel.I would return to this hotel *anytime* and can recommend it wholeheartedly.(and you should read some of my other reviews, especially about Hilton Hotels!)By the way,. we went to the Terracotta Warrior exhibition at the British Museum - it was *FANTASTIC* so if you are in London make an effort to book tickets.	
Sep 15 2007 	Lovely hotel	Stayed in hotel back in '03 for 3nights and loved every minute of it.Lovely small hotel in Westminster, near Victoria, room looking on a nice Vincent square...Nice room and bathroom, excelent breakfast in a small lovely restaurant.Service was superb. Would like to stay here again some time.	
Jun 13 2007 	Happy Days	My Husband stayed at the Rochester for over 6 months , weekdays , whilst starting a new job and waiting for our flat sale to be processed. What could have been a soul destroying experience was mitigated by the quality of the accommodation and the service at the hotel .The staff were charming - Reception, Porter , Waiting - and nothing was too much trouble, Sometimes he came home at weekends and sometimes I joined him and was always the recipient of warm, helpful attention from the team. The Rochester is well located for the Centre of the city - 15 minutes walk to Parliament Square ( it's very pleasant to walk along the River), Tate Britain and the amenities of Pimlico - bars, shops, restaurants etc are worth exploring. Since moving to the flat we have had many visits from family anf friends and we have usually recommended the Rochester - the flat is nearby. Without exception the response has been very positive - accommodation, service, price , location. I have recently discovered this site and thought I should share our experience especially as I was making reservations today for elderly relatives who're visiting in August !	
May 30 2007	Worst 3 Nights Stay Absolutely Not Happy May25-28/5/2007	I stayed at the GRH 69 VINCENT from 25th May to 27th may from France , i booked my resa at the Victoria coach station, the lady told me the rate was £60 plus £3 for her, She did asked me my id and credit card. When checking in about 6.30pm the receptioniste named Nathalie a Russian lady very incompetente and rude she again asked me my credit card for £2O MADE MY SECRET CODE AND AGAIN FOR £180 AGAIN MY SECRET CODE, Why to check in the hotel a guest have to do 3 times his/her code its not in the hotel regulations i am french never see that in my life. She gave me the worst room 216, first the white curtain is flthy and dirty, no tea bags or coffee bags or milk, the wooden bad under torn covers and i had an accident heating my leg against itand also in the shower falling the shower room too slipery, Only two electrical plugs one for telephone and one for tv, no others electrical plug in for . the tv was not working in the second days also the bad there is no white sheet, only bad spread and a white warmer blanket and two pillows no blanket absolutely last rated hotel to stayand either the tea making facilities the room was freezing cold onabsolutely nonsense. the washer basin handle was not working and no one speak french lucky i speak english fluently and a very good education and a civil sevant from france national was treated very badly, i went there to watch the world rugby sevens at Twickenham but the three nights stay was a worst sejours i ever ha, Pour le Françaises never go to that hotel, from Unhappy guest paris france if you want to check with the hotel contact mr Marcin the bell boy i showed him my complaints and he was a very helpful gentleman only the receptioniste nathalie to be changed for staff who are competentes in their work and friendly	
May 14 2007	BUT BUT BUT...there is much better!	This hotel is in good position but there is some problem of gestion.My room is dirty and the bed is unconfortable.There is much better at same price in london.If I return in London...chose another hotel!!!!	
Apr 22 2007 	Great little find ideal base for weekend trip	I recently stayed here on a weekend break with some friends. Hotel gave us an excellent deal on rates (we booked direct through the hotel website) and all phone and email conversations were good and consistent. Staff actually knew what they were talking about!! Hotel itself is tucked away about 10 minutes walk from Victoria and makes a good base for exploring the city. We had two twin rooms, both were well furnished with good, if a little small bathrooms (although to be honest - how much time do you spend in the bathroom) which had really powerful showers (not always the case in London). Both rooms were of a decent size and the beds were unbelievably comfortable. Our room rate included the continental breakfast. On both mornings we had to wait a few minutes for a table as the breakfast room isn't very big however there is a good selection of the standard cereals, yoghurts, fruit etc etc. The cooked breakfast was extra but the one I saw going past looked great. The hotel is near to a few theatres and we found a few good little restaurants and bars on the streets around it. Its also really quiet at night when you are trying to sleep - definitiely a bonus in the city!!All in all I'd definitely recommend it as a base for a stay in the city and will be going back there again.	
Mar 20 2007	Good location	The main reason for stay in this hotel is the location.It stays near Victoria Station. Witch is perfect, because from here you could go to every place. You have train, subway, bus, taxi, the works….The hotel Is a normal city hotel, perfect bed and breakfast. It’s a little bit old, but very cozy. London is the place to go, and go, and go ;)….but bring cash because is very expensive town.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good location reasonable room	Stayed here for 2 nights for a conference. Top floor room (the lift doesn't go to the fifth floor so avoid if you have mobility problems) which was a good size and had a decent bathroom. The room was boiling hot though (which is more than could be said for the water in the bathroom). Staff were helpful and friendly and the breakfast buffet was fine without being exciting. It's quite a small breakfast room though and was getting very busy by 8am. Peaceful area (although my room was away from the buildng site next door) and a short walk to Victoria. Much better than previous Grange hotels I've stayed at! It was fine for a couple of nights, particularly since it wasn't my money but I'd want something with a bit more character if I was funding it myself.	
Feb 26 2007 	Good Choice	My wife and I stayed for two nights in February 2007 to visit our grown up kids and to take in a couple of West End shows.We chose this hotel because it was close to their offices and easily accessible from Victoria station our arrival point in London.We were allocated a room on the top (fifth) floor which was fine (even though the lift only goes to the fourth floor) because it was quiet with a decent over the rooftops view. The double room (506) was compact but well furnished and comfortable with a selection of magazines, tea &amp; coffee facilities and about 12 tv channels including Sky Movies and Sky Sports channels.A decent continental breakfast was included in our room rate. Breakfast was served in a ground floor breakfast room which was full one morning, when we were asked to take our breakfast in the hotel's brasserie which was a separate room accessed directly from the street - absolutely fine.We found all of the staff to be very helpful and pleasant. It was useful to be able to leave bags in a safe storage room when we arrived early before check-in was possible and again on departure so that we had a full day in town without any hassle. Location is good, on a quiet square about 6 to 8 minutes walk from Victoria Station and equally close to St James' Park tube station and the park itself. Decent pubs and restaurants close by. We will use this hotel again - it met all of our needs very well.	
Jan 30 2007 	OK but rather bland	Spent a couple of nights at the Rochester on business.At first sight, it looks fine. It is located on a quiet square in Westminster. It is quite small, but reasonably smart, with a foyer of brass, marble and dark wood.Room and bathroom were very small, even taking account of the fact that I had booked only a single room. The décor was rather gloomy and the central heating was too hot; when I turned it down, it was too cold. I got the impression that someone had been smoking, even though I had booked a non-smoking room.Plus points were good standards of housekeeping; the hotel is very clean. The dining room is pleasant and they serve a good breakfast.Poor standards of staffing let it down, however. Most of the staff are from overseas and have at best a shaky command of English. This sometimes gives the impression of unfriendliness, but the problem is actually a lack of confidence in the language.At times the whole operation is a bit Fawlty-esque. The male receptionist could not force a smile as I paid my bill when checking out and on the first night I was woken at 1.20 a.m. by a foreign-sounding concierge, who told me my taxi had arrived. This surprised me, because I had not ordered a taxi and I told him so, as politely as I could. My politeness was stretched almost to breaking point five minutes later, when he phoned again to repeat the message.That aside, I would say that the hotel is OK. It’s not great, but it won’t offend you. For a London hotel, it is reasonably priced. It is in a nice location and well kept.On balance, I would recommend it, but not with huge enthusiasm. It is rather bland and lacks character. You could probably find a better choice not too far away.	
Jan 18 2007 	Pretty good value	Nice enough for the money. Paid £110 for a double ex breakfast for one night in January. Good location on Vincent Square (which is very pretty in summer). Victoria Station very close. Room adequately sized with en-suite with bath. Very clean and tidy. Tea and coffee-making facilities in room. Three Sky Sports channels on the tv which is very rare! Nice little bar downstairs and helpful staff at the front desk. All-in-all a very pleasant experience, particularly given the basic quality of hotels around this price in London. Will stay again.	
Dec 31 2006 	A nice hotel for a good price.	The Hotel was very good overall, we had a small room (with a small balcony), and also a very small ensuite, but at a very competitive rate. The decoration was nice, the bed was comfortable and there was plenty of tea and coffee (another reviewer said there wasn't any - it was all in a cupboard in our room). The room had the usual considerations - hair dryer, telephone (with internet). There was also a good selection of magazines in the room, and most newspapers in the bar. The staff were friendly and there was a man on the door which is great for £78 a night in london!The room was clean (although there was cigarette ash on the balcony - shock!) and the sheets and towels were obviously fresh. As other travellers have said, the room was far too hot on arrival. Also the shower wasn't too warm and a little more room in the ensuite and i would have given it five stars.The hotel is easily walkable from Victoria station.	
Dec 8 2006 	Quick Visit	The Rochester is not a hotel to which I would personally return or reccomend to family or friends. There was a large inconsistency in the helpfulness, indeed friendliness, of the staff. We arrived late on Friday evening and truly felt that we were an inconvenience to the staff working at that time. This is in great contrast to the friendly and helpful service received when we checked-out and left our bags at the hotel until later on in the day on Sunday.The room itself was far too warm on arrival and over-furnished making it quite cramped. Facilities for making tea/coffee were far from adequate. The bathroom was very 'bijou' - which will suit those who like to stand in one place and have everything accessible as you pivot on your heel - and was finished in a sub-standard fashion with fixtures and fittings not meeting. Breakfast was an extremely unpleasant affair in a cramped and overcowded room only to be made worse by over-eager staff waiting to clear tables by leaning over/infront of you as you eat!The hotel is quite neatly placed for access to both Victoria rail and tube stations, which is one of its few redeeming features.Overall, there are better hotels available that in the grand scheme of things offer better value, comfort and service for your money.	
Nov 4 2006	Great Hotel Superb Tourist Location	Returned to the Rochester yet again, for the 3rd time, because it offers excellent value in an excellent location, only 10 minutes' walk to Victoria Cross rail and bus station making every major tourist site so accessible.It is a solid older purpose-built hotel ( not a converted Georgian style one) with good quality fittings and beautifully furnished. Although rated as 4 star, we were disappointed this year because the bed mattress had collapsed and needed to be replaced.Staff are very attentive and helpful as well as professional. If only we had complained about the bed!	
Oct 15 2006	Nice hotel	An overnight stay before a meeting nearby. Small single room but quite cosy really in a nice, quiet location. Didn't eat in the hotel.Would certainly return.	
Mar 24 2006	Nice for a short stay	I stayed @ the Grange Rochester for one night in February, booked my reservation on that day @ Victoria Coach Station, as my friend and I were extremely jet-lagged, and wanted to find a decent place to sleep. Our room was quite spacious, and was quite clean; the beds were comfortable, no real complaints about the room itself! The hotel isn't too far from Victoria Station, which made getting around easy enough. However, I have to complain about the staff, as they were completely unhelpful. For some reason, they couldn't establish a phone connection in my room, so I couldn't call home. When I asked where the nearest telephone booth outside was, they were completely dumbfounded. Overall, a v. quiet and decent place, but the staff are definetely lacking!	
Jan 25 2006	Okay for a weekend	Spent 3 nights mid September. Our room was on the top floor, had to walk the last floor as the lift only went to 3rd floor. Room was ok size for London and was reasonably appointed. Location was a bit away from nightlife but close to Victoria and St James tube stations. paid 65 pds inc breafast which was good considering B'fast was over 13 pds on it's own.Service was acceptable and tour desk helpful, overall not a bad place to stay for a few days.	
Oct 2 2005	Not great not bad	I booked this hotel at Stansted Airport on a last-minute layover in London. I paid 90 pounds for a double for one night. We were originally given room G1 -- ground floor, next to the bar and kitchen. Ick! When we opened the room door, the room had not been cleaned. There were newspapers and empty bottles scattered about. It appeared as if someone from the staff had taken a nap in the room. The front desk staff gave us another room with no hassle. Room 305 was great with a terrace and view over the peaceful park. The good: The location was great. The bad: The concierge was completely unhelpful. He was baffled when I asked about directions to Notting Hill and Portobello market. It was bizarre. The ugly: Major construction project happening 10 feet from the hotel. Not too bothersome on my visit - but it looks menacing.	
Sep 29 2005	Get a take away	Went there for lunch the other day. Well, all I can say is, don't. There were no redeeming features whatsoever.	
Sep 12 2005	Don't bother	This hotel may have been four star in the 1950's but it certainly isn't now. I was meeting my sister (whom I hadn't seen for a long time) at Victoria Coach Station and when we got to the hotel we found they had messed up the booking so instead of the twin room which we had requested they offered us two single rooms (which were like cupboards) on opposite sides of the hotel. Both rooms were missing various items such as cups and a kettle and my sister's bed sloped to the right. Neither were cleaned properly and there was a faint smell of mould and damp from both. The breakfast room is small and therefore became crowded very quickly; the waiting staff were totally overwhelmed and unable to cope. Luckily we were only staying for one night. There are so many better (and cheaper) hotels in the area - avoid this one if you can.	
Jun 22 2005	Pleasant for a few nights...	Needing to stay one night within walking distance of the transport connections of Victoria this hotel, with a reduced rate, was a far better option than the generally rather basic (and not always so nice) cheaper B&amp;B's in the Victoria Station area. This is one of those typical 'dark wood and chintz fabric' type English hotels. We had a room with 2 dbl (queen) beds - which I presume was an upgrade to a quad room as we only booked a dbl room. Average size room with small bathroom so I wouldn't recommend this for 4 adults. Main problem , NO air condtioning. While this is generally not a problem in London we happened to be staying during one of the hottest weekends of the year and the room was unbearably hot and stuffy. We opened the window but, as we looked out into a 'central well', there was no air movement. I should imagine the rooms are quite cozy in the winter months though. No fridge in the room either. There's a pretty garden square outside the hotel with a very small play area if you happen to be travelling with younger children. The buffet breakfast consisted of cereals, toast (although they forgot to offer it to us) croissants, danish pastries, bread rolls, ham, cheese, fresh fruit and fruit salad plus yogurts. Drinks included juices, tea and coffee. If there are any young milk drinkers in your party you could probably snaffle a glass from the jug of milk destined for hot drinks and cereals.Mon to Thurs the buffet breakfast costs 13 GBP per person and a full English 19 GBP per person. In which case I would walk back to Wilton Rd (on the way back to Victoria to pick up the bus or tube) where The Metro cafe does a cooked English breakfast for £4.50 including toast and tea. Not such pretty surroundings but 19 GBP is ridiculous!As we only paid 70 GBP for the night, including the buffet breakfast, I would certainly recommend this hotel on that basis. A dbl room at rack rate with buffet breakfast would normally be 216 GBP. NOTE: There is major renovation/construction of an apartment building next to the hotel which was not a problem for a weekend stay but you might want to call and check the situation with the hotel for weekday stays. This is correct at the time of writing - June 2005.	
Apr 18 2005	Lovely weekend break in London		
Jan 3 2005	not so good		
Dec 22 2004	The Rochester (Grange Hotel)		
Dec 15 2004	nice hotel		
Dec 7 2004	You can do better!!!		
Sep 4 2004	Wonderful Hotel Staff and Service		
Jul 22 2004 	Nice enough and a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station		
Jul 20 2004	Rochester Grange was great		
Jun 28 2004	Good hotel great value for London		
Jun 9 2004	Lovely Hotel		
May 17 2009 	Lo tiene todo		
Mar 8 2009 	Enfin un bon rapport qualité prix ! Parfait !!		
Dec 29 2008 	GREAT!!!		
Oct 18 2008 	???????????		
Feb 15 2008 	Noel à Londres		
Dec 15 2007 	Me encanto el hotel		
