Nov 18 2009 	Close your eyes its exactly where you want to be!!!	Arrived on Friday the 13th should have known it wouldn't be a good thing!!! When we arrived the girl on duty was a bit dozy and not very welcoming took her about 20 minutes to find our booking even after writhing our name down and giving her the booking reference. One of our two rooms was ready (we were early) we decided to dump our cases there so she led us to the stairs .. no lift 5 girls 7 cases ... a new carpet was being laid so we had to lug our stuff around two workmen, a loose unsecured carpet and visible nails!!! When we got back that evening the men appeared to be gone but the carpet was not complete, two portions of the stairs where not completed during our stay, one directly outside our door where nails where clearly visible and highly dangerous!!! Our second room was ready at this stage but it required us to take our cases down one flight of stairs and up another at the other side of the hotel ... all the way to the attic!!!! Literally!!! The bathroom in our double room served its purpose but overall the room could benefit from a lick of paint and modernized bed coverings.Cleaners came on Saturday morning but we were only up she gave us plenty of fresh towels and toilet rool.	
Nov 16 2009 	Got the big things right not the little	Had booked a single room - got a triple - Result!Room clean and tidy and well maintained. No biscuits, shower gel, towel rail, soap dish in shower etc. so a bit of a let down here.Good service at breakfast and food good, but unimaginative.For central London - good value, good location	
Nov 1 2009 	Small not a good deal	Good location, that's about it!Single room was very smallShowers were poorBreakfast was mediocre and on most days you had to wait for a tableNo liftYou could hear everything from your neighboring rooms	
May 4 2009 	Better than expected	We stayed in Menton Hotel London for 3 nights and I must say I was positively surprised because some reviews I had read were very negative. Location is superb, the hotel is within short walking distance to 3 stations and the area is also well served by buses, so it is easy to get to the sights and to airports, too. And it is off the main street so it is not very noisy. We were welcomed by a very friendly receptionist who was willing to change our reservation on arrival without any penalty or other fees. The room we got was a quad room (for 3 people) and was big enough for 3 adults (not sure for 4, though). Bathroom (big enough) and rooms were clean and neat. On Saturday night there was some noise from the street at night, but we had known before our arrival that students live in this area, so we actually expected worse. We were a bit disappointed by breakfast. It wasn't horrible, but a canned tomato is not appropriate, I think. Most ladies serving breakfast were nice and efficient. It is suggested, however, to go for breakfast early, as we had to queue for about 10 mins when we came at 8:30. Bigger breakfast room is definitely needed and improvement to breakfast, too. We could leave our luggage in the hotel on the day of our departure. We definitely will book the hotel again when we travel to London. It is not luxury, but comfortable enough and very good value for money.	
Apr 27 2009 	much better than expected...	I had read all the reviews and didn't quite know what to expect but..I was pleasantly surprised. The room was quite large, the bathroom adequate, everything very clean.Breakfast a bit limited. Staff very friendly and helpful. Location great!	
Jan 7 2009	Don't stay there	My family and I had a &quot;triple&quot; room (two beds, each only a little larger than a single) for 4 nights from December 27th 2008. The room was dirty and the tiny bathroom had no hot water except for the last morning. The explanation given at reception was that the hotel was old. On the website there is a picture of the entrance showing an AA three star recommendation. However, that is totally false. The hotel is actually only two star. The interior is somewhat dilapidated and untidy. The only positive thing was the breakfast. The breakfast room, however, was freezing cold. I would certainly never go back to the Mentone Hotel.	
Nov 14 2008	Horrible and very rude receptionist.	Probably the worst hotel I've been in for a while. No hot water in the room all night and morning, grumpy and stoned staff, aggressive receptionist, a breakfast consisting of a tea spoon of egg smeared across a slice of damp white bread served by surly staff with stained ripped t shirts. Just don't do it.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Location and nice hotel	Family of 5 stayed in this little hotel for a week and we loved it.Not a large room - especially for 5 beds but in London you dont tend to spend much time in the hotel anyway.All beds were firm and comfortable. Bathroom is small but just big enough with toilet, shower and basin.Breakfast is very good with some fairly friendly staff who bring out your standard English cooked breakfast.Manager is friendly and aims to please, and fill-in managers are also pretty good.Dont rely on his in-house PC for your internet access - it didnt work while we there but it did chew up our money. Location is great - plenty of small supermarkets around, internet cafes, pubs (of course) and 5-minute walk to Russel Square station or St Pancras. We loved the Tesco opposite Russel Square station - everything you need to feed yourselves for the day ! And British Museum is a 5 minute walk too. All in all we were very happy and at a decent price.	
Oct 24 2008	Okay for short stay	My second time at the Mentone in a month. Had a small single ensuite on the second floor, facing the street. Shower is under the stairs, so a little bit cramped for headroom - I'm not sure why they didn't opt for a hose fitting. The bed was verging on uncomfortable, and the &quot;pillow&quot; was below average. Beware of late night street noise from the student accommodation across the gardens (a bit of a hazard in this part of town), though they do try to keep it down in the wee small hours. Otherwise, I've had trouble-free stays at the Mentone; the staff have been friendly and low key, and it's been fine for a short stay in this part of town which is handy to transport.	
Aug 29 2008 	not bad but....	i stayed at the mentone hotel for 5 nights end of august as a single traveler. i was given a room in the basement, actually a 2 beds room, not bad in itself, but irrationally furnished: big chest of drawers, big wardrobe (few hangers) 2 beds and 2 night tables occupied all the space of the room. i could manage being the only occupant, but what if there were 2? not a chair, not a clothes-hook, badly placed sockets. tiny but proper bathroom. room can be much better with a few easy and cheap improvements and more rational furniture. TV didn't work, i asked the staff to see about that which they didn't do, i asked again next day: no way. so i gave up. staff in the breakfast room should be trained to properly do their job and try to smile at customers. organization was lacking: milk coming jug by jug, croissants coming three by three, and people waiting for the jugs to be refilled: again not big defaults, actually, but lack of care and attention. don't forget to take ear-plugs with you, at least up to when the kitchen staff is taught not to bang doors or speak loudly at 6 in the morning. on the whole a basic hotel, very conveniently placed, good enough if you are not fussy and just mean to use it as a place to sleep in.	
Jun 20 2008 	Basic enough...but not bad	I stayed at this hotel for one night, on Wednesday 18th June 2008.I arrived at approx 3PM, the lady on reception, was very friendly and check in was smooth with no problems. The reception area was &quot;messy&quot; and appeared not to be well kept, with lots of office equipment and around the placeMy room was a single room (Number 24) which faced the street. To say it was small would not be a lie, but it was functional, very clean and did the job. The bathroom was spotless and appeared to be newly renovated. Only down side was the timber which appeared to be rotting on the base of the window. The supplied kettle had to be plugged into a power adapter which was on the floor at the windowBreakfast is served in the basement and was cooked to order, very pleasent indeed, but the only problem was, at 0915 the line waiting to get a free table for breakfast was going up the stairs and took about 20 minutes to clear. Breakfast is served till 1000 and I guess everyone left it very late to rise. Staff working in the breakfast area were very pleasent and hard working. This property has no air conditioning, the weather for my stay was not to hot, but still meant having to leave the window open for fresh air, and traffic noise was not too bad from the outsideOn checking out on the morning of 19th June, the receptionist went out of her way to give me directions to a question I raised.There is no doubt that this hotel could do with a makeover, some rooms / areas appear to be excellent yet some are very worn looking and in obvious need of repair. Maybe the premises is undergoing a slow renovation...I do not know, but one thing is for sure...With a new decor, and the staff currently emloyed, I feel that this premises could be a gem..pity about the small single room thoughI got the underground to Kings Cross, exited onto Euston Road walking right when I came out of the underground station and was in the hotel in 5 minutesOverall, a pleasent experience, but a very small room	
Jun 16 2008 	A place to avoid!!!!!!	I just return from a trip to London.I am Hotel owner here in Italy and I highly recommend to avoid this hotel, we book a quad room which was really dirty , furniture was really old!!!!	
May 3 2008 	Good price-quality	We stayed at the Mentone Hotel 3 nights with our 2 teenage daughters in a quad room at 1st level. Great location, very quiet. Price-quality is good, we loved staying there and would go back a next time. Friendly personal. For this price you cann't expect a great furnished, brand new hotel with big rooms!	
Apr 11 2008	Great setting; too much noise	I have stayed in several hotels on Cartwright Gardens. It is a pretty area and a great street in Bloomsbury that is close to the tube and lots of restaurants and pubs. This hotel is neither better nor worse than other hotels on this street. However, I was disturbed on two nights at 4am by rowdy men (celebrating a football win) in the hallway and in the room next to mine. This is a big problem for a hotel and one this hotel needs to deal with by establishing clear rules about noise after 11pm. These men should have been kicked out of the hotel. Unfortunately, what is unaffectionately referred to as &quot;lager louts&quot; is a serious problem in England (and other parts of Europe), and a particular problem for older hotels where the walls are quite thin.	
Apr 6 2008	Poorly decorated badly organised breakfast room furniture awful.	6 Senior Citizens visited London and stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We had rooms on ground floor. They were noisy with people coming and going all the time. Furniture was very poor in the room and the wardrobe swayed when putting clothes in it. Bathroom cabinet in sore need of painting and was missing a handle !Breakfast was badly organised with a shortage of glasses , bowls cereals and juice at various times. Breakfast itself when it arrived was reasonable.It was totally haphazard.Not a place to be recommended.	
Apr 6 2008 	average...	The staff were very helpful and friendly. the room was average but really uncomfortable bed- rock hard. Kettle and lamp broken. Okay but wouldn't go there again.	
Apr 2 2008 	A place to avoid	As many other reviewers have reported, this hotel is shabby. The room was small and smelly. A pane of glass in the window was broken, and the window frame was impossible to close. That meant the room was always very cold, a particular problem as the weather outside was freezing and it was sometimes snowing. I reported the problem at reception on the morning after I arrived. They said they would &quot;look at it&quot;. Maybe they did, but they took no action , even though I was there for a week. They turn off the heating in the daytime, which made matters worse. It was unbearably cold between breakfast time and early evening. Speaking of breakfast, the breakfast room was inadequate. People had to queue all the way up the staircase outside to get a table, as breakfast was only being served for 90 minutes a day.Having said that, the food (when you could get it) was acceptable, and the workers did their best to cope with the crowd of irritated guests.The walls of the rooms are paper-thin, which provides no privacy and makes them very noisy. I could hear every word my neighbours were saying in their room.Also, the hotel's website says it accepts credit cards, but the agency I booked through told me I had to pay in cash when I booked. But I guess that, since they had the &quot;hotel full&quot; notice at the entrance up all the time I was there, they do not care about their poor quality.In summary, I read the reviews before I went there. But I went hoping for the best, while fearing the worst. My experience was more of the &quot;worst&quot; than the &quot;best&quot;.The location is the only thing to commend the place.	
Mar 6 2008	Good value	Stayed at the Mentone for 1 night whilst visiting the British Museum. Helpful staff, excellent scrambled eggs for breakfast. Comfortable beds and quiet room, Excellent no frills accommodation for the centre of London.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great location. Good value.	I've always said that Trip Advisor reviews tend towards the two extremes. They either love it or hate it. We've been staying at the Menrone since 1980 and we love the place. The location can't be beaten, the staff is helpful and the price is right. We've watched the management pass from the inimitable Glynnys Tyner to her son, Simon, with constant changes and upgradings. Yes, the single rooms are small. If you want a large single room, book a double! I've recommended the Mentone to lots of friends and no one had ever complained. The neighborhood is interesting and the best fish and chips house in London is right up the street.	
Nov 20 2007 	Definitely find another...	I stayed here for one night as a late booking. Yes, the location is good being close to Euston, Bloomsbury etc. but this hotel isn't great. The staff were warm and welcoming and the breakfast was good... but this does not make up for the lack of a lift, the highly dangerous stairs to the top floor... and the very noisy students. I had a room on the top floor and had to negotiate the stairs with a case and laptop bag... not easy and found the carpet almost dangerous. The room itself was average size and quite clean... and had basic ensuite facilities... but this alone does not improve the basic decor and tatty hallways and dangerous access to rooms.	
Nov 17 2007 	Find something else	Ok so the location is great and you can walk into the west end in about 20 min and the trees are nice but it kind of ends there.My single room was tiny and as others have mentioned up an almost dangerous staircase which was not easy with a large suitcase and be warned once again, no lift.The room was small, with tv, miniscule bathroom (one of those stepout of the shower and you are in the toilet jobs) and the sloping floor did not drain the water from the shower properly so the floor was always wet. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned properly and I really didn't want to get into the bed.Smoke lingered in the hotel. The breakfast was ok, but service was very slow. Find something else, lots of hotels in this area.	
Oct 23 2007	Wouldn't go back	We found this hotel rather disappointing and felt for the money we could have done alot better. Location was good, a few minutes from Russell Square tube, but the location of the room was on the top floor, no lift , narrow steep winding staircases and very precarious loose carpet in some places. Despite offering a 12.30 check in our room was not ready at 1.00 and we were sent away for 20 minutes. When we returned we were checked in but when we got to our room the cleaner refused us entry as she hadn't finished getting it ready. Being strict non-smokers, the wafting of the smell of smoke through this 'non-smoking' hotel was frustrating and irritating. The staff were however friendly, and the breakfast was very good. The room was on the whole clean, if not very basic, but the shower room could have been cleaner. The TV had no picture and the kettle's on off switch was missing and it looked rather unsafe!	
Aug 19 2007 	I'm glad I chose Mentone	I booked a quad room for three people. We got two double beds that were not huge, but we had no trouble sleeping. Our room was on the second floor, but the area is very quiet (yes, there are plenty of students and tourists around but we they were never screaming in front of the hotel!). The room was cleaned and our towels were replaced every day. We had a tv and tea and coffee facilities. The bathroom was alright, clean and spacious enough.The breakfast was great: full English, tea and coffee and a lot of other things, from cereals to yougurth. The young ladies serving at tables were kind and friendly. On the ground floor there is a common room with a big tv and some sofas. You can leave your big luggage at the reception on your departure day if you need to.It's true that the rooms are not big and the building has no lift, but this is not a problem if you are out almost all day. And the location is excellent: plenty of buses, two underground stops close by, a railway station (St Pancras) and you can walk to the British Museum or the British Library if you want to!I'll certainly book again at the Mentone Hotel when I come back to London.	
Jul 27 2007 	Would never stay there again!	I booked the Mentone because it was very close to where I was working, it had free Wifi, and their website claimed it to be a non-smoking hotel. Two out three of these things turned out to be true. Since I was traveling alone, I booked a single which was an enormous mistake as these rooms are at the top of a very narrow, twisty staircase. My biggest gripe with the room was not its lack of amenities - when I say lack, I mean lack, ie. no towels on some days, the tv barely worked, tea never replaced, etc. My problem with the room was that it was so smoky that I felt like I had smoked two pack of cigarettes each morning. People smoked through the night and having an open window did not help ventilate the room. The rooms on the top floor are to be avoided at all costs!!! Additionally, be warned - this is an area full of students so if you face the front of the hotel, it will be very loud in the evening. The full English breakfast is not my thing so I cannot comment on it. The Mentone is inexpensive and conveniently located in Bloomsbury but if you don't want lung cancer - avoid it.	
Jul 18 2007	Give it a chance!	I always find London hotel prices a bit strange - you just never know what to expect for your money. The Mentone is a great value budget hotel - nothing more nothing less!I've stayed here 3 times now and have just spent a short break with my mother. Rooms are clean and en suite, with tea and coffee making facilities. OK so service can be a little brusque but it has a great location (10 minute walk from Euston railway station and close to the British Museum and theatreland). Some rooms may be small but I know I'd rather pay these prices and be able to spend more 'on the town'.	
Jun 22 2007 	It won't kill you	I just needed a cheap room for one night and this hotel met that need, without any serious problem. If your needs extend much beyond that, though, you might want to think about it more carefully.These tiny rooms are not for sufferers of claustrophobia. Nor are they for people looking for a week or more of comfortable accomodation.But if you just want to stay a day or two in London, this place will be good enough. The room was clean enough, there was hot water, the bed was OK, the breakfast was actually quite good, the service was OK. Noise is always a problem in these old buildings - squeaky floorboards, doors and windows that don't keep noise out - and this place was typical in that regard. (I always travel with good-quality earplugs now, and the problem goes away.) The noise level was not above average for this type of hotel.I was in a top floor room (just under the roof) and it was hot. No airconditioning... That may be a serious problem if you're staying in summer.And, the location was first-class - just around the corner from the British Museum and Bloomsbury. The streets around the hotel have a good selection of cafes and pubs (from the cheap-and-cheerful to the posh). Public transport is everywhere.	
Jun 17 2007 	Good no complaints	Excellent location. Close to Euston, Kings Cross, and center, yet in a very quiet area.For the ones who prefer public transport, the tube is at a stone's throw. We preferred walking :)After staying at several hotels in London, I would say that rooms are not smaller than the average.There is no elevator, and stairs are a bit steep. This might represent problem to elder people.Room and bathroom are clean.Internet connection is stable.Plentiful choices for breakfast. Helpful and knowledgeable staff.	
May 2 2007 	not 3* but not terrible	stayed here for a 3 days while visiting for a theatre break.good points:-excellent location for everything in london- good travel links within 5 minute walk of hotel.-clean rooms-helpfull reception staffbad points:-stayed in triple room which was really a double with anextra bed put in.-even for london small room - was told would be on 3rd floor but was really 4th not good hotel for immobile people or with lots of bags. as no lift and steep narrow steps. -breakfast was like a cattle market, very busy, not organised in fact after waiting 30 minutes for toast left. if you want a place to sleep in a good central location then this hotel will suit but dont go expecting a typical 3* hotel.	
Apr 12 2007 	Perfect	Booked for one night, and dont know what the fuss is about! This hotel must be one of Londons best kept secrets. close to Euston station in a quiet area off the main drag. Clean and bright all the way thru, from the top floor where we were to the breakfast room in the basement. Beautifully clean and stylish en suite room was more than adequate and a bargain for the £65 for the two of us including breakfast which consisted of a cold table and a full english with unlimited tea and coffee. Nice to see kids being catered for too, as well as business people. Would definately highly recommend.	
Mar 14 2007	If you like a shower stay clear of this hotel	First impression of this hotel is a warning. Torn carpets, shabby furniture and peeling paint.Reception staff are very unhelpful.My room was extremely tiny and bedcover had brown stains.Shower hot water not available on two days. Was told by reception that I should wait until someone else had finished showering!Breakfast items not always available. Only white bread served. Menu offers croissants but these were never displayed. Serving staff could not speak English very well and did not understand breakfast orders.Hotel impossible for anyone with heavy luggage as there are no lifts and many, many stairs.I will not be returning there!	
Feb 15 2007 	Perfect place for a Business Trevaller	Have been visiting Mentone for the last two years, I travel for work and generally stay for 8-10 days at a stretch. Mentone provides a FREE WIFI in the room, this makes communication with the office very seamless and smooth.The staff is friendly, the rooms clean and Breakfast too good. I would recommend this to all Business and Holiday makers.	
Jan 12 2007 	Yes it's a dump	Noisy Smelly Rude Staff Paint peeling off walls No ironing boardPerfect if you like scabby rooms and don't want to sleep.	
Jan 11 2007 	Pleasanly Surprised - Recommended	My son and I spent six nights at the Mentone the last week of December 2006 through New Years Day. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews; however we were pleasantly surprised to find a clean, pleasant room with a functional bathroom. We had room 11 (at the top of the house!) and although we faced the street, the room was quiet. The twin room was not large, but wasn't tiny either. As mentioned previously, the linen was not brand new, but was definitely clean and the towels are indeed changed daily. The bathroom was tiny, but had plenty of hot water except one morning towards the end of our stay when the hotel was full. Other than a shaving outlet, there are none in the bathroom. The outlets are in the little alcove where the small TV sits. It would be nice if they placed a mirror there so you can actually see yourself while blow-drying your hair. There is no elevator, and the stairs can be quite steep, but I'm not in the best shape, and was able to manage them (slowly). Getting luggage to the top rooms is a challenge, but doable. The location is very central; easy walk to the British Museum, Kings Cross/St. Pancras train station. There is even a stop for one of the London bus tours nearby. The breakfasts were good and plentiful with something for everyone. I felt the area is very safe - we didn't see anything or anyone to be concerned about - even New Years Eve. On the whole, I would recommend this hotel; while the Mentone is not the Ritz, it is most definitely not a dump.	
Dec 16 2006	A Dump!	For the price, it's centrally located and the staff was pleasant but that is all I can say about it. My room was tiny (which i'm used to in london hotels) but FILTHY and very run down. There were cig burn holes in the bedspread! a DUMP.	
Nov 15 2006	Mentone Hotel OK...	My husband and I stayed at the Mentone for 4 nights in late Sept 2006, and the accomodations were fine; nothing more and nothing less. I did a bunch of research, and we settled on the Mentone due to favorable reviews, affordable rate, and location. For starters, the location is in terrific proximity to the tube. I'd recommend it for the combination of affordability and easy accessibility to everything. The room left a lot to be desired, but then again, this is not a 5-star hotel and it's not advertised as such. It was clean enough, and it was a huge plus to have a private bathroom! We were not interested in sharing a bathroom! The breakfast was included and was a huge bonus price-wise. London is pricey, so it was nice to get a meal to start our day. We're not gourmet breakfast-eaters, so the selections were adequate for us. The employees were nice enough. I wouldn't call them warm or especially welcoming, but they were helpful when we needed help, and they were responsive to inquiries and requests for recommendations. The neighborhood seemed safe enough. It was a rather deserted area at night, and I probably wouldn't have felt comfortable walking alone after dark, but I felt safe with my husband. We didn't see anything unsafe or even questionable; it's just not a &quot;happening&quot; place like some of the other areas and therefore sort of desolate-feeling at night! We had a fabulous time in London! The accomodations certainly didn't make our trip fabulous. But, the affordability of our accomodations (and the fact that the accomodations were clean and accessible), made us relax and enjoy spending $ on other things such as the theatre, amazing Indian restaurants, trips to Cambridge, etc. In summary, the Mentone is a good place if you're looking simply for an affordable place to crash.	
Nov 14 2006 	Very Basic But Well Located	This Hotel is very well located close to the Russell St Tube Station and just a little further from the Kings Cross Station. We are a family of 4 and booked a Quad Room - one tiny room with a double and 2 single beds. The room was serviceable and clean and we were surprised that our towels were changed daily. Full English breakfast was included and was served in the dining room by very helpful and friendly staff - the food was plentiful and enough variety was available to satisfy our picky children! The Hotel must be in a quiet area of town as we did not have any noise problems (not even traffic noise) on any of our 3 night stay.However, there were some things which were a little disappointing. Firstly, the beds are extremely uncomfortable - very hard and unyielding. The sheets are clean but show signs of wear. The other bed linen (duvet, quilt) were clean but worn and stained. The bathroom does not have an extractor fan and the knob on the cold water tap kept falling off. There was no bar fridge provided. Finally, while the meals staff were lovely, neither of the two Reception people we encountered were particularly friendly or helpful.	
Oct 26 2006 	can't go wrong for the price	Free wi-fi, breakfast included. The showers run hot. Beds cleans. Staff helpful. Walking distance even with luggage from subway, or Euston/Kings Cross trains stations. Rooms are pretty much student dorm or cheap bedsit, but for the price it's be best in London. Can get cheaper than the hotel website, but even that price is great for the location and facilities. I've stayed there a few times and will stay there again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Don't go there!	I stayed at the Mentone for 3 nights last weekend with my husband. I would never go back - the walls are paper thin and the noise in the hotel is dreadful. Our first room stank of smoke and was a bed and a half rather than a double, so we asked to be moved. The second room was only slightly better - there was no hand towel in the bathroom and nowwhere to fix the shower handle to, so it meant bathing all the time or trying to hold the shower handle. The bed was terrible - I could feel the springs in the mattress and the pillows were lumpy. The breakfast wasn't great either, and on weekdays they only serve until 9, 9.30 at the weekends. It definitely didn't seem like a 3 star hotel to me, and for £250 you should be able to get something better.	
Oct 4 2006 	Recommended	My wife and I, together with our 3 boys, had a great time at the Mentone. We had two rooms, just off the main stairwell, through a firedoor, and as they were the only two rooms there, it was like having a suite. In the daytime we could wedge the doors open (they faced each other) so we could keep an eye on the kids whilst still retaining some privacy of our own. In the night time we could lock their door and relax in the knowledge that they were only just across the small &quot;private&quot; hallway. The breakfasts have been written about before and we can confirm a 10/10 score here. One criticism, is that there was no place to leave your bags once you had checked out. Not really their problem I suppose, but most places have somewhere secure to leave your stuff if your flight is later on in the day. All in all, The Mentone is great for tube links, fairly central and the neighbourhood seemed really safe - the 24 hour Tesco is good as well. Oh and if you use the hotel's transfer from the airport ask for the Polish guy Matthew, a great bloke!Pete &amp; Michelle, Guernsey, Channel Islands	
Jul 26 2006 	Cheap Cheerful and Excellent Location	Good location with easy access to Kings Cross/St Pancras Station or Russell Square.Clean, big rooms with a decent shower (although the water was boiling hot with out any way of turning it down!) but the main reason for staying is the cost in relation to hotels nearby.If you are only staying for a night or two then this is ideal as it has everything you need and is in an ideal location to base from.For business people, if your company is on a budget then this is a good option and preferable to a travelinn/lodge etc.	
May 29 2006	Excellent value for money!	I stayed at the Mentone four nights in May and was really very pleasantly surprised! I have to admit, that I felt a tiny bit apprehensive before going, as the reviews are quite mixed. I payed 41 pounds per night and believe me, that is a real bargain. The room was actually quite large, the bed was very good and the bathroom was, although on the small side, clean and functional. The breakfast is also good, and if you walk away hungry it's your own fault. Of course you shouldn't expect luxury at a price like this, the furniture was old and a bit worn and the carpet had a couple of stains, but on the whole it was a very pleasant stay. I have stayed at far worse hotels paying a lot more, and really, the location is excellent. In 20 mins you can walk to Covent Garden or Regent's Park, there are three tube stations really close by (Russell Square is just a stroll down the street, where there is also a Tesco) and from King's Cross you can chose between five different tube lines. The area has sort of a reputation of being a bit rough, but I felt completely safe and I feel that they've cleaned it up a bit in the last years.I am a frequent London traveller and I would definitely book the Mentone again and can really recommend it to the budget conscious traveller.	
Apr 7 2006	A Nice Little Quintessential London Hotel	I stayed here with a large group for about 10 days over Christmas. It is located across the street from a pretty little park on a quintessential London residential street. Afterwards we joked that our room was taller than it was wide! Although it was a cozy fit, it was relatively clean except for the whole in the floor. The bathroom was functional, but very small. The free English breakfasts were great, and it was always interesting to see what was happening at the front desk on my way down to breakfast in the morning. The first day there were two Bobbies asking the hotel owner questions and the next day the owner was yelling at one of his employees, but this kept things interesting! The location was nice, but required a tube or a long walk to get to central London, but overall it was a fun experience and although it was a small and quirky hotel, it's an OK hotel. We went back to Paris for a few days (stayed at Hotel de la Paix near the Eiffel tower) and then came back to the Mentone, where we were given a great larger room with three beds! Thus it's really luck of the draw, but it's a fun place to stay no matter what!	
Jan 13 2006	best on price for area	i stayed here over the christmas holidays and i must say it was just what i was looking for very close to all major underground stations for my days &amp; nights out.it was just as i axpected quite and clean rooms with friendly staff who where happy to help me with my need on information.the hotel has some bad reviews on this site but what do people expect for the money i have stayed at a lot worse for twice the price in the london area.i travel alot due to work and look forward to my next stay at the mentone hotel	
Jan 12 2006	Enjoyed the Mentone	The hotel is located in the bloomsbury area of town,a quiet neighborhood with close access to the tube station (Russell Square)and West end.The room we had was on the second floor facing the park which was very pleasent.The room was spacious and clean, though the bathroom was not the biggest.The breakfast was plentiful,tasty and well presented served in a pleasent dinning room on the lower ground floor.We found the staff to be polite and helpful during our stay.I would stay at the Mentone again and recommend it.	
Jan 2 2006 	I keep returning to the Mentone	very affordable, great location, friendly staff. I have stayed here on five occasions and never had any complaints.	
Oct 24 2005	You Get What You Pay For	We stayed in one of the quad rooms. The room was small and pretty dreary, with a small bathroom. One of the beds was way too firm and one was way too soft. The room didn't smell great and did not seem like the cleanest place in the world. But we were simply looking for a cheap place to sleep for a few hours and eat a decent breakfast, which is exactly what we got. If you want to save some cash and aren't too picky about your room, stay at The Mentone. Otherwise, I'd recommend spending a bit more on something nicer.	
Jul 12 2005	Good value for money handy location	Given the price of accommodation in London, I found this hotel to be good value for money.We had two rooms, one in the attic which was smaller (bathroom particularly tiny) and on the ground floor (nice big bathroom with bathtub). It would have been nice to get the rooms closer together, but it was fine.The reception and general areas seems to be quite newly redecorate, and so are very nice. The rooms are not brand new, but were in good nick and seemed clean and tidy. The breakfast was great.The location, while not in a super trendy area, was very handy to the British Museum, and Russel Square and King's Cross tube stations.The staff were accommodating &amp; friendly (eg. hostel style), but not 5-star professionalism - I thought it was fine.I would stay there again.	
Jun 6 2005 	Ok for a cheap place	The location is excellent, about halfway between Kings Cross and Euston, and tucked behind Euston Rd overlooking a little park/square. I'd booked a single room for one night, and they gave me a triple room on the top floor for the same price (a bargain £35 via laterooms). The room looked pretty dated and a bit grotty but was fine for the one night I was staying, even if there were some old sweet wrappers and reciepts on the floor under the bed!. The bathroom was ok, and seemed clean enough - unfortunately (like another reviewer) I was only given a tiny towel (the size of a little hand towel!) so I went and asked for another and was told one would be brought up later when they came back from the laundry (it never appeared). The breakfast was ok, not outstanding but adequate. Overall I'd say it was fine for a quick visit but I don't think I'd like to stay there for more than a few nights. I think the price and location outweigh the negatives.	
Apr 29 2005	Never again!	I booked through one of the lastminute deal websites. The room I occupied was one of the pokey attic rooms up an extremely narrow and steep staircase. As someone not in the peak of youthful physical condition I found it quite difficult to get to. There is no lift.There was noise outside as anyone came or went, and you could even hear when people were talking in an adjoining room. The room itself was reasonably clean. The furniture was old, but that in itself is not a problem to me. Annoyingly, the wardrobe door wouldn't close when there was anything hanging in it! Bedding seemed clean, and unlike many hotels in England there was actually a top sheet, which is reassurring when you don't know how often the duvet cover is changed. There was one very old and worn pillow, but another in the wardrobe - with no pillow case (I placed it under the sheet on the bed). Thye 'bathroom' was tiny, again not a real problem as it was quite clean. My real concerns were twofold: (i) fire risk. There were no posted procedures. I noticed no sprinkler or alarm system, or fire rated doors. There appeared to be no egress other than the narrow stairs;(ii) the offhand and casual, bordering on rude staff. My (small, inadequate and scratchy) towel was not changed for the second day and in the cold it did not dry. I was not prepared to put up with one inadequate, wet towel, so asked for another. The response from the man on the desk was &quot;We don't have an unlimited supply of towels, you know!&quot; Eventually he went off and found one, but I sense it was begrudging. I wouldn't stay here again or recommend it to anyone. If looking for budget accomm, I would rather look at private rooms in hostels, otherwise spend another 10 pounds- even for some hotels in the same area.How some London hotels continue to get away with charging such exorbitant prices for such service is a scandal. I hope the newer budget chain hotel entrants to the accommodation scene provide some much needed competition and spruce up overall standards.	
Apr 19 2005 	Not that Bad	I was looking for a fairly cheap hotel to stay for 4 days working in london. The mentone was chosen on laterooms fro £55 per night. It had a great central location. Read the reviews on here and was somewhat worried but the price swung it.It was easy to find and only a 15 min walk to leicester square. There are restaurants, newsagents, supermarkets and pubs at the end of the road. It is only a short walk to russell square tube and euston station.Security seemed ok as you can only get in with a key or by buzzing reception. The entrance and recption had wooden floors and looked ok for a budget place. My room was in the attic (43) and i was pleasantly suprised. The room was ok on size with a sigle bed that was suprisingly comfortable. The fittings were not shabby and above all it was clean. Bathroom was a good size, clean, with a good shower (it was a french shower so the drain is in the floor).I didnt have much to do with the staff as im fairly self sufficient.All in all pretty good for £55. Clean and central, i wouldnt choose it for a luxury holiday hotel but for a budget hotel to lay your head and save a few pennies it was fine.	
Feb 11 2005	Stay out of the bathrooom		
Jan 11 2005	unprofessional		
Jan 7 2005	Dingy 		
Dec 23 2004	Avoid like the plague		
Dec 15 2004	Our experience of the Mentone		
Oct 21 2004	Wonderful and Friendly lodging		
Jul 11 2004	A+ location C- hotel		
Mar 15 2004	Avoid avoid		
Jan 14 2004	Well located and good breakfast		
Jan 7 2004	Bamboozled at the Mentone Hotel		
Jan 7 2004	Giusto rapporto prezzo-qualità		
Sep 6 2009 	Tutto e' filato liscio . . .		
Sep 2 2009 	Très pratique...emplacement idéal pour du tourisme		
Aug 30 2009 	Hotel correcto con una muy buena ubicación		
Aug 8 2009 	Tres Bien Mais...		
Apr 14 2009 	consigliato al 100%		
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité prix pour un hotel charmant		
Oct 7 2008 	Excelente elección y buen precio		
Jul 19 2008 	?????????		
Jul 19 2008 	??????????????????		
May 12 2008	Vaya cutrerío de hotel		
May 8 2008 	Hôtel trés sympa		
Oct 31 2006 	Bonne Localisation		
