Sep 8 2009 	Stay away	We traveled at the end of August of 2009 and by booking mistake ended up at Warwick house in a room with 3 beds. What a dump! Stay away, unless you enjoy staying in a dirty, smelly, run down hotel with old furniture, water problems, and absolutely useless staff. Also, be aware of a hand typed note that they charge extra 5% for credit card payments and extra 10% for american express payments (this is ridiculous and not sure if this is legal too!) . In any case, they obviously prefer cash.I looked at venere.com which provided booking for this hotel and hotel pictures on the website have nothing to do with reality. The rooms are horrible, so once again, stay away.	
Aug 5 2009 	no water!	We stayed there a few nights summer of 2008. Swedish family of four, two kids in lower teens. We wanted two rooms next to each other, even called them up to express this. This wish was somehow completely lost and the first night we had to stay in different hotels!! The personel was not rude but not helpful to the extent you would expect in a situation like this. Our kids was quite stressed by this. Second night night and on we got two rooms next to each other at the top floor (had to move all our stuff). Clearly low standard, we expected it to be much better, given the rating. Hot water only occasionally. Sometimes the water even disappeared completely! (not fun when you stand in the shower with soap all over you). Not possible to flush the toilet when the water was gone..Avoid this hotel, Pay some extra and get a better hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	I'd go elsewhere and pay more	Stayed there last year. This hotel has a kitchenette which saved us a lot on food. There was a grocery store right down the street. The location was great and saving money by cooking yourself is always good and healthier! I always go to grocery stores when I travel aboad to see how the locals live. So, Warwick House was nice mainly cuz of the kitchenette, the grocery store nearby, and the short distance from the station. Those are all good but that's where it ends. Service was horrible. Asked for batteries for the remote for the TV, never came. After 3 days of asking! Asked for a lightbulb for the light, got nothing until I went searching around the hotel and opened a cabinet and found a lightbulb myself. There is no elevator and the stairs are crooked giving you the feeling you will fall through them. Dust everywhere. Shower is very small. Sheets and blanket look like they are from the 60s. I could go on but I don't want to waste my time. lol Pass on this one and pay more money for another hotel with a kitchenette or whatever suits your boat.	
Sep 9 2008 	Overbooked and Revolting	I arrived at the hotel at 11pm only to be told that the single on-suite room I had booked was not available and that I should spend the first night in a 'basic single' with no toilet, no shower, no washbasin and no TV with musty dog-blankets on the bed. After complaining bitterly that this was totally unacceptable and that I didn't feel like sleeping in a room the size of a box (2m x 3m) and walking down two sets of stairs and along public corridors to get to the bathroom, they checked to see if any other nearby hotels had any vacancies. They didn’t, so after more complaining that there was no way I was going to pay for something I was not getting, I was offered the first night free and was assured I would be moved to a better room the following night. The following night I was moved to a room with had a tiny on-suite, an inside door lock that didn’t work and a window that would not shut (lucky it was September, not December). In addition to that all the facilities were shabby, did not appear overly clean and were in desperate need of refurbishment.I would strongly advise anybody to stay well clear of the Exhibition Court Hotel or 60 Warwick House as it is called on some booking websites.	
Apr 3 2008	The Cleaner Left Our Room Open Allll Day!!!	I cannot believe how bad my experience was with hotels in London. I was first of RUDELY told that my reservation at Ascot Hotel was lost/overbooked so I had to stay at Exhibition court who knew NOTHING about the switch. Our room was cramped (to the point where we could not open the door), dirty, over heated, and I got terribly sick no doubt due to the germs/filth of the room. My sister was visiting me from Canada so we booked a day out in London then a show at Les Mis. We left our room at 10:00 am and came back at 23:00... When we came back to our room we were appalled to see OUR ROOM WAS LEFT OPEN BY THE CLEANER... ALLLLLLLLL DAY! Over 12 hours! We had passports, money, etc. We were shaking and very upset. All the front desk would do is say they would talk to the cleaner and brushed off the situation. Please learn from this experience - Do not stay at THE ASCOT HOTEL or THE EXHIBITION HOTEL.Thanks	
Dec 2 2006 	Not exactly what we expected!!!	Hotel was close to Earls Court which is ideal for concerts however the Shower was either too hot or too cold and so you could only use it on the transition between the 2 temperatures, bathroom was on a slope, bedside lamp didn't work, room was on the 3rd floor with no lift, door didn't lock properly, tv only had 4 channels when advertised as satallite, holes in the plaster in the walls and the ceiling, plug socket hanging off the wall. We had requested a smoking room and were told that the room was smoking but there was a smoke detector on the ceiling and so should smoke by the window. Overall an interesting experience which we will definately not be repeating	
Sep 5 2006	Filthiest hotel I've ever seen	This is an unmitigated dump. The floors and walls were filthy. The bathroom stank of urine. The window didn't close. The room was unbearably hot at night and the shower only had cold water in the morning. Avoid this place unless you are accostomed to living in a sewer.	
Aug 4 2006 	Teririble!!	The most terrible hotel. We were moved fro The Ascott. And had to stay in a room in the basement, without heat and a door out to the garden that could not be locked. The worst hotel I have ever seen!Only one advice stay away from it.	
Jul 4 2006	Perfect if you're not bringing your wife or girlfriend	I early June 2006 me and my pal went to England and the great Download Festival. We decided to take the last day of our trip in London and booked a room at Exhibition Court Hotel 3. We got a cheap room at the rate of £40 for one night. When we arrived at the hotel there seemed to something wrong with the booking, but they took a copy of my confirmation and it was all ok (they even let a couple of our friends stay in another room at the same cheap price, without booking in advance).I must say I didn't know what to expect after reading some of the reviews here at tripadvisor. But we took our chances, mostly because it was so cheap.We got a room on the 4th. floor and there was no elevator. The room was much better than expected. Clean sheets and generally cleaned everywhere. Yes, you could say the carpets were worn, but that was ok at the rate we payed for the room.The room had ensuite facilities which weren't that bad. The shower was ok, but I couldn't figure out how it worked. Somehow I got water, but it changed from hot to cold water now and then. The toilet was placed below the sink, but it was completely possible to sit on it.The rooms got pretty hot during the night, since there was no airconditioning, but again what should you expect at the rate. There was a small 12&quot; fan in the room and it help getting some circulation in the air.The personell was friendly.All in all this hotel was ok to stay at for two guys for one night after a festival. But I don't think I will bring my wife to this hotel.Ps. there is a 24hr. Tesco right down the street. They have all kinds of food and beers. And it always nice to have something to fill the fridge in the kitchenette in the room.	
Nov 22 2005	The Worst Filthy Hole I've Seen In My Life!!!!	Absolutly horrible. No lights in the room (only one lamp for the full, room), no blankets (even if you ask for. They only smile, say yes, and do nothing), unbearable stink, awful atention, dirty spots in walls and ceiling, the breakfast is repugnant, the windows do not close properly, the central heating was only a legend and the stove only runs (diying) during 30 minutes... There is nothing good to tell about this dirty hole, but we are far now. My advice: RUN AWAY FROM THIS FILTHY SEWER AS FAST AS YOU CAN.Ah. They are very clever people.We've booked the room online in the Exhibition Court 3 (presumibly better than this puddle [--]) but when we arrive it was closed and we was sent to the EC1. But they apply us the rates of the EC 3. Ole, ole, ole!!!	
Jun 3 2005 	Steer clear!	Well what can I say that hasn't already been said!If only my husband had read the reviews before booking, we might have been spared.We'd actually booked to stay in Hotel 3 but when we arrived they said they were fully booked and actually we were booked into 1. So over the road we went to the grottiest hotel I've ever had the misfortune to set foot in.A few of us were in London for an Exhibition at Olympia so the proximity was good. That's it!We booked a few rooms which were pokey (the single was barely big enough to fir the bed in and didn't have enough curtains for the amount of windows), too hot, smelt bad, really worn, and dirty. Worst of all was the grubby bed linen!!! Yuk. If you must stay here, take a sleeping bag, and an air freshener, oh and ear plugs. And get so drunk that you pass out each night!The tiny kitchen cupboard was not worth the effort because the thought of spending waking hours in the room turned your stomach. Breakfast was served in a tiny room with 2 tables, so it's best to go elsewhere for that!Curtains poles were hanging off the walls, there were power extension cables lying across the floor, carpets worn etc etc.I think by now you should have an idea of what it's like, so save yourself and stay away.	
Aug 17 2004	Avoid at all costs	Technically I shouldn't even review this place, as I never actually stayed there. Why? When we arrived in the morning, my girlfriend and I were told our room would be ready by around 2:00pm. We returned at that time, to find that not only were all the rooms taken (despite our reservation), but the manager had over-booked the Exhibition Court Hotels and subsequently, other guests with reservations had to be moved to another place (Hotel Lily) nearby. Hotel Lily was filthy and run-down, and had almost none of the amenties for which we had paid Exhibition Court Hotel. Needless to say, we didn't end up staying in either hotel in our time in London.My point being, is don't waste your time and money trying to make a booking at any of the Exhibition Court Hotels.	
Sep 30 2003	False advertising for a dump!	An awful hotel that takes your money before you stay so that you can't hold it back! We booked the three star hotel but were put in the 2* dump across the road with no discount and no sorry!Everything was bad:* dirty rooms * toilet seated under the sink * the breakfast &quot;restaurant&quot; was a tray in a corridor * unhelpful staff * noisy * cold I would recommend that nobody EVER stays there even if it's ideally situated for your needs... it would be better to stay further away and even more expensive to avoid this awful place!	
Sep 8 2003	inexpensive hotel deals	This hotel was a great price. The rooms are very small but with a little kitchen. The carpets are worn and there is a moldy smell in some bathrooms. The maintence is mediocre. The upstairs rooms are better. The basement room is loud. You could hear water in the pipes and people walking upstairs The beds are very hard. The location is fabulous in Earls Court. It is one block from the underground. There is a Mcdonald's with internet access close by as well as coffe shops, a Tesco grocery store, the post office and other shops. They have breakfast available at the hotel but we ate out. If you can tough it out it is a great location and price.	
Oct 25 2009 	Necesita mantenimiento		
Apr 9 2007 	Hotel agradable		
