Aug 26 2009 	Good Bargain	This place is huge! In London, where it's difficult to find cheap(er) accommodations, the youth hostel was a good bargain. Back in 2006, for 2 people, 2 nights, double bed with a private bath was about $175. For London, that is a great price.It also has a lot of great hang out places within the hostel including a bar, gift shop etc. The location was great to central London!!	
May 1 2009 	Good Value Clean Hostel	We found The Globetrotter Inn to be a good value clean hostel. The beds have curtains around them which is great and the rooms are clean and spacious. There is also a kitchen you can use with pots and pans etc... and a fridge to keep food in. There are even staff that do the kitchen washing up for you! Best hostel we have stayed at.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fantastic	me and a friend stayed here in Jan and we had the best time! the staff were all so so friendly (probs coz they were almost all aussie's.... made me feel right at home :) ). the tube station was basically across the road, perfect for getting to the sights. i highly advise getting an oyster card!!! makes getting around so easy! rooms were clean and warm so made for a very comfortable stay! highly recommended!	
Mar 26 2009 	Better than I expected - quite quiet too but I like it like that...	Went here to overnight before an interview, so specifically asked to be away from the bar and this was honoured.Was in a four-bed single-sex dorm, which was clean, tidy, roomy but didn't quite have enough storage space for 4... Found the bed great, but the pillow rubbish. The bed curtains and light are very good too.Shower facilities + toilets etc were clean and there were plenty of them. I never queued either!Breakfast is continental and served really early, which was great for me! I wasn't there long enough to check out the bar etc, but from what I did see, it looked like a good place to be. Reception is friendly and helpful. All areas of the hostel are card access only, so secure, and the luggage room is huge. It cost £1 per day.One small thing, my room was on the side of the tube line and so this made the windows rattle all the time, they are also not double glazed. The heating system is pretty obsolete too. However it is an old building with history, so I excused it!The tube station is also really close by, which I found great!	
Feb 21 2009	Great if you're a younger University aged traveller	I was traveling with a group of primary school aged students. It served our needs for sleep, but did not have the same comfortable feel that some of the other hostels we stayed at had. The hosts at the hostel were attentive and kind though. Some of the folks in our group had a room on the same side of the building as the outdoor smoking section, and with open windows, the smoke permeated into the room and it reeked. The lobby and bar area were also smoky smelling. The room I was in was 2 floors directly above the lobby and I could still hear the techno beat of the music playing. Thank goodness I brought earplugs. It would have been a long night otherwise.The showers were terrific! Very hot and great water pressure.To buy anything you had to charge money to your room card. While I understand the reasoning behind it, it was a hassle (to me). Others may not have an issue with it, but it just seemed inconvenient when all I wanted to buy were postage stamps. Breakfast the first morning was a quiet affair, but the 2nd morning we were competing with a lot of other people. It is about a 5 minute walk to the Stamford Brook station for the Tube. The neighborhood overall was quiet and felt safe. I had no problems walking at night with a few kids and another adult. Firezza Pizza on High Street, Chiswick, was about 10 minute walk away and had great food. They were very fast to serve after ordering and had wonderful employees.While I didn't enjoy the stay there as much as other hostels, it was utilitarian and close to the Tube, which was likely the reason the trip organizer chose this hostel.	
Jan 31 2009 	Strategic location	I have recently spent a week and two days at this place. The hostel is located at a very strategic position...what I mean is its close to the suburbs like hounslow r southall...with direct buses just down the lane while well connected to central london with buses and hammersmith station just 7-8 stops away!I quite liked the cleanliness and homely atmosphere..the kitchen is huge and very well equipped and you dont do dishes as well. Rooms are comfy too...the only hitch I have is there is no free internet or wifi in the rooms. its pricey at about 1.50 pounds an hour. having said that there are cafes nearby with free internet or 3 pounds for a days unltd internet as well.the dining hall is pretty impressive as well with seating of about 200 people easily...i found bugs in one of the rooms initially but they changed my room immediately. another hitch would be that u have to top up your hostel card for buying anything from the shop in hostel to even the bar and using internet!breakfast is free and is good..includes the usual bread, butter, selection of jams, milk, orange n apple juice, 2-3 cereals and tea/coffee.Overall I would say this is a good hostel for the price paid..if you want free internet thn christopher inn is opp hammersmith station	
Jan 14 2009 	Fun and Cheap! Would Stay Again :)	I stayed with 2 girlfriends at Globetrotters in May for 5 days.. and overall had a great time and would stay there again! Not sure why it gets bad reviews, but here are the pro's and con's you should know before booking:Location: It is about a 20 minute tube ride to the center of London, but very easy and close to the station. We didnt mind at all (except for getting there with our suitcases on a packed tube). Its in a very cute neighborhood and we felt very safe.Rooms: Pretty nice and as has been said, the reading lights are good and curtains are useful, even tho mine was ripped/didnt do much good lol. We were in a 6 person room, which was ok,tho kindof crowded and one downside is that there is no air conditioning and we were there during a very very hot and sunny time, so rooms were STIFLING and very hard to sleep in!! Beds were fine and room was cleanPlace in General: Globbies had a great atmosphere..the people there are so much fun, esp the Aussies! Loved the free breakfast and bar was AMAZING when you didnt feel like going all the way downtown to party. The little store is convinient when you need a snack and orange juice, and its just a fun place overall. We had a problem with the check in as our room was supposed to be ready at 2, but ended up being ready only at 5 which was an annoyance after being tired and travelling but it was fine. Bathrooms were big and clean and showers were hot and strong. I would recommend Globetrotters to anyone really and will stay there again!!Also...check out the Aussie bar in Shepherds Bush which is close to the hostel - GREAT time, probably best night out in london thank to our aussie friends!! and Definetly eat at this place called Le Giraffe - its not far from the hotel, just a walk down that main road (forget the name) where there are many shops and restaurants to choose from. amazinnngggg foodEnjoy London :)	
Dec 13 2008	Worst Night Ever!	My Drama group and I were taking a trip to London to watch a musical at night. We had to stay at a hostel, so our teacher chose Globbetrotters Inn since she read good reviews about it. We were 30 girls, and they managed to fit 6 of us in each room. Everything looked nice and neat, I acutally thought it was going to be a pleasant night. Then we entered the room.The bunk beds were too close, and there wasnt enought space. Our windows were right next to the entrance, and it smelled like smoke the whole day. A girl came in and she thought we had been smoking. When I got to the bunk bed I was assigned to, I found a massive yellow stain on my bed sheets. I was so disgusted I slept without any bed linen that cold night. Another girl in the same room of mine found small hairs all over the bed, whilst another friend found a large amount of hair on the pillows, [different coloured]. Also, we found traces of skin on several matresses.The hostel was okay from the outside. But apperances trick your mind. I would NEVER recommend that hotel to absolutely anyone...and I will never stay there again, either.	
Oct 3 2008 	Ok Except for the Bed Bugs	We stayed here for a night before, and a couple of nights after, a three week Top Deck tour through Europe.It is located in a good location as it is near a tube stop and there are a variety of reasonably priced restaurants and convenience stores nearby.Breakfast is included in the rate – toast, cereal, tea, coffee, juice. Meals are available in bar, and they are pretty good for the cheap price. The bar also has cheap drinks. There is also cheap internet (1.5 pounds for 1 hour), and laundry facilities, available. There is also a little shop on site. The place works on a card system – you load money on the card and pay for drinks, food, etc with it. Not sure whether this is a help or a hinderance overall. The staff at reception were very helpful. We were able to book a cab to the airport and pay a reasonable flat rate for it at reception in advance. Accom Before the TourAfter initial confusion, our booking was found. As there were no double beds left we were given bunk beds in a room with an ensuite. This was where the problems started. The shower drained extremely slowly and also leaked. Additionally, the room had bed bugs. Furthermore, the place was quite noisy with people coming and going, slamming doors, showering, talking, etc.Accom After the TourWe were given the same room as we had during our earlier stay. Realising this, we went back to reception and mentioned that we had experienced bed bugs last time. We were advised that the place had recently been fumigated. We didn't see any alive bed bugs this time, however there were quite a few dead ones in the room. Additionally, we were bitten by 'something' during the night and had 'something' crawling on us (including into an ear)! The place was not as noisy this time (perhaps as it was a mid-week stay). The linen and towels are also not changed during your stay.	
Sep 9 2008 	Very good hostel great value for london	This is a huge hostel in a former nurses home, so it´s a little institutional looking, but really well run and well equipped. The dorms I saw were quite spacious, and each bunk has its own curtains and light, which you don´t get that often. The bathrooms could do with a makeover, but the showers were hot and worked fine, and the whole place was really clean.The common area and bar is lovely, and there´s a small shop in the hostel too. The one really annoying thing about the hostel is that it uses a cashless system to pay for food, drinks, anything from the shop etc. so you have to put credit on your swipecard if you want anything. There are internet facilities, but nowhere near enough computers for the size of the hostel. The breakfast is included, but it´s not great - the coffee in particular is terrible! Overall though, it´s good value for money and although it´s a little far out from the city centre, it´s only around the corner from the tube station. I´d happily stay here again.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great hostel in quiet neighborhood	Great large hostel in what seems to be a converted boarding school. Friendly staff with nice sofas, pool table, bar and TV near the lobby. Has lovely courtyard. In a quiet residential neighborhood in the Hammersmith area of London near the Ravenscourt underground station, 15 min to central London. Good security with key cards for each room, a separate night entrance. Bunks beds are sturdy and have privacy curtains and lamps above each.	
Jul 25 2008 	Really Nice	This place was a really nice place to stay at. I came here for one night after staying at other hostels in London. This one was so much better. It might not be the cheapest, but you get your money's worth! It was very clean, the rooms felt really spacious, and each bed was screened with curtains and had lamps, and the rooms have their own basins. The staff are nice enough, and help you stow away your stuff downstairs in a locked area so you know it's going to be safe and not in your way. The location is close to the rail station, but not that convenient if you like to be really central and want to go into the city at night.The communal areas were really nice too, the only problem was they have this credit system so you have to load up a card with money instead of using cash, and 2 girls staying in my room paid nearly half of what I paid for no apparent reason, so watch out for that.	
Jul 13 2008 	very very decent	This being my first hostel outside of the States, I was surprised by the bright colors and cheery nature of GlobeTrotter. The first time we booked a room, it was above the bar so there was loud music playing throughout the night. It was not that had to sleep to, however, but I could see how other travelers might be irritated by this. The breakfast was less than decent, consisting of only bland cereals, C- rated juices, and toast. Of course, I am not complaining because it was included.The showers were decent, meaning I was unafraid of actually showering here. However, they are a bit out of the way to get to.As for Globetrotter's location, I enjoyed it. It is located in a quiet neighborhood very near the Stamford brook station. Being a person who doesn't like living in a busy environment, I enjoyed it. However, if you are someone who wants to be embedded in the city, I would not enjoy this location.Overall, I would stay at GlobeTrotter Inn again.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great hostel to stay at	Stayed here both pre and post bus tour. Great place - good beds, secure rooms, clean bathrooms.Bar was good fun and had decent enough pub food. Slightly frustrating having to pay for everything with a swipe card, but staff were good with opening the store etc. when necessary.Other frustration was internet - not enough terminals, and facebook never seemed to work.Other than that it's a great place I'd go back to - great vibe and close to tube station.	
Jun 30 2008 	Swell hostel for a short stay	Myself &amp; seven friends stayed here for between two &amp; three nights (three for myself) in June. The hostel itself is very close to Stamford Brook station, &amp; whilst further away from the centre of London, wasn't a problem for us as our reason for being in London was in Earls Court (that said, nothing in London is really that far away thanks to the tube). The staff on arrival were helpful enough, &amp; we found our rooms easily enough. Three friends &amp; I shared a four mixed en suite. The room was smaller than the room our other four friends shared, which contributed to it being unbelievably warm all the time, but that's my whinge, &amp; i was only there to sleep. Bunk-beds with curtains around the sides, lockers (without locks mind, fine as we all knew each other) &amp; a bathroom that was exactly that. We didn't really use the facilities (although found getting internet time a bit confusing). Money exchange is all key-card-based, making getting a twix from the vending machine a little more complicated than normal. Our stay was fine though, I have no complaints. It wasn't even that noisy, as I'd read it to be before we booked. Would stay again.	
Jun 11 2008 	Good hostel	Noisy hallway but that's how teenagers are ;) Clean rooms and bunk beds. We stayed here since we couldn't stand to stay at the Nanford guest house in Oxford so we stayed here instead. First night in a 4 bed mixed dorm and second night (due to flight strike) in a twin private room. Both with ensuite bathroom. Breakfast very basic but ok. Nice price.	
May 10 2008 	Lovely Hostel	We stayed there for three nights in a twin dorm.Lovely place, very clean and friendly.Close to the tube.The room was safe and comfortable.Much more than I expected from a hostel.	
Mar 24 2008 	Good place to stay for those on a budget!	We enjoyed our stay at the hostel, especially as it meant we had more money to spend on travel! Coming from New Zealand, our dollar does not go very far in London and we thought the accommodation was reasonable for the price (London prices, that is!). I liked the card option where you loaded your card up and used it for purchases (like use of the internet, drinks etc).We booked our own private room with attached bathroom and it was perfect as our tour left from this hotel and arrived back here afterwards. The breakfast was good (not sure what other people expect from budget accommodation after reading some criticisms!!!).I would stay here again - it was clean and did the job. The only bugbear was with the 'washing facilities' which ended up being a big shared laundry room. By 'shared' it means that you basically have to wait for the cleaning staff to finish washing the hostel linen before you can do your washing (and that did waste some time when we would have preferred to be out and about). I think washing facilities shouldn't be advertised as such if they are so limited. Otherwise, a good stay there.	
Jan 23 2008 	clean comfortable stay	The Globetrotter is a nice enough hostel. Very clean, beds in dorms were good and comfortable enough (particularily liked the privacy curtains) great decent sized lockers (bring your own locks). The bathrooms were clean and good showers.my issue was with the useless staff who didnt seem to care. its a bigish place, spred out in funny wings the facilities are fine once you manage to find them (on your first night you almost need a map to find things)stamford brook is a bit of a way out from the centre of town but if you factor in 15-20min travel to your plans its not all that bad. the down point is that the staff were uninterested and not all that friendly... lets hope i just got the wrong bunch of people at the wrong time...	
Jan 12 2008 	Nice for young people	Nice hostel, better than I was expecting actually.Liked:Rooms - My double room was not small, unlike many rooms in London, I had a nice view to the garden and the bathroom was good and clean, the shower always worked perfectly. The only weird thing was that I had to make the bed myself (they gave me the linen in the reception when checking in), but it's a hostel so I guess that's normal.The hostel itself - Really nice and modern. It had a mini-market, a kitchen (so if you're on a tight budget you can cook your own meals), an internet room (expensive though) and a great cinema room. The street outside the hostel - It was really nice and typical, I could see myself living there. Disliked:Breakfast was really poor. Some of the staff were not very friendly. Location... Stamford brook is on the super slow district line, it took too long to get to the city centre and we always had to change lines.Overall it's a nice play to stay for young people, good value for money, but I wouldn't come back. I'm going to London again next month but this time I've chosen something a little more classy.Cheers!	
Jan 9 2008 	Would stay again	This was our first time staying in a hostel and overall we were quite happy with Globetrotters. On arrival I asked to be put in a quiet room away from the pub and it was no trouble.We had a twin room which consisted of a bunk bed, wardrobe, desk and locker. It was very small especially with two large suitcases, but it was clean and warm once we put the heating on.Had no trouble with noise, breakfast was just toast, cereal,coffee or tea and cordial (it definetly wasn't juice), but there was plenty.The internet facilities were fine and the little shop was handy. Having everything running on a cashless system was also a good idea..Location was very close to the tube and the main street of Hammersmith.We would stay again!	
Dec 10 2007 	Wonderful youth hostel!!	Absolutely loved my stay at the Globetrotter. It's similar to an dorm complex. Many rooms, with bunk beds. A cafeteria, internet lounge, bar and outdoor patio, and a travel desk. Staff very helpful with directions and attractions. About 2 blocks away from the tube, which is about a 15 min ride into the heart of London. Atmosphere was wonderful. Many young travellers interacting and explaining their European ventures. Room was clean, they give you clean linens that you must put on bed. Beds were comfortable. Room kind of far from the bathrooms, but overlooked the outdoor lounge area. Not too loud at night. Overall, I would recommend absolutely recommend the Globetrotter to young travellers. Can meet people from all over the world and have an excellent time in London!	
Dec 1 2007	It Was Very Good For Us	I was from 23rd november to 25th november. I was only a weekend, with my brother and three cousins. Despcription:Room clean and enough space. Funny party in the pub.Breakfast was good and enough for us.Staff normal.General cleanly. was ok.Area. People in some reviews says that is far, but is not true, very good communication, underground 3 minutes, very close.Finally, I will say you that was very good for us, funny time, young people and a lot of things that we didn´t use because we hadn´t time. I will come back next week to globetrotter	
Oct 30 2007 	Great place what a relief!	We had a nightmare at our previous accommodation, this place was heaven! Great showers, pub was noisy but that was fine.Beds were good, only downfall was that it was full of Australians!Location is a bit out of town - like on the edge of Zone 2 on the district line, but we felt very safe and welcome here.	
Aug 17 2007 	Decent hostel	Good price, relatively clean and well-run for a hostel, good front desk staff. However, it was really out of the way in Hammersmith, and you needed to buy a Zone 2 Tube pass, which gets expensive unless you just don't go back during the day. There was a lot of noise in the halls late at night too. Not the best hostel I've ever stayed in, but it was clean and comfortable. I'd recommend looking into a room with a private bathroom.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Value Nice People	For our one night stopover in London, this was a great value. The front desk folks were super nice and helpful. We stayed in a private double room with a shower and toilet. It was clean, tidy, and well-cared for. It had a fun hostel vibe, even though we didn't really take advantage of the friendly guests and cool bar. The hostel is located smack in the middle of a very cute residential neighborhood. There are several affordable bars and restaurants nearby (on the way to the underground). It took about 30 - 40 minutes to get to downtown via the underground. A great value and a very nice hostel.	
Jul 20 2007 	Good money value and cleanliness	Located in Hammersmith between London and Heathrow was convenient. We stayed here for two nights. We went here due to an escape from a crappy hotel in Oxford (The nanford guest house) and had to stay a second night due to a flight cancellation. There were rather comfortable bunk beds. First night at a mixed dorm was a new experience, didn't sleep much. Second night there was a 2-bed room avaliable and that night I slept really good. It was very noisy but I guess that's common at accommodations like this. Lots of youth running in the corridors slamming doors all night. (Maybe I'm just old hehe.) Continetal breakfast included wich was edible but not fancy.I would certainly recommend this hostel.	
Jun 29 2007 	Couldn't Fault it	Hostel was very clean, excellent security and friendly, helpful staff. Good bar and breakfast. All at a great price. For London, we were pleasently surprised	
May 30 2007 	Great place to stay....staff is very informative!!	My husband and I are in our mid-thirties and we decided to go on a 2 1/2 week European Back-packing trip. Our first stop was in New York and our next stop was on to London. Because we wanted to experience the whole back-packing thing, we decided to stay in Hostel. After numerous review and research we decided to stay at the Globetrotter Inn. It was really easy to get to. We booked a private room for 2 with private bath.Our room was very clean and comfy. The bed was a little hard and uneven, maybe because they pushed two beds together to make one. The bedding was very clean. The bathroom, it was very roomy and clean. The only problem I had was with the shower....its very small. Since we went during the winter, the heater worked efficiently.Ok I have one more gripe, the walls are on the thin side and you can hear people walking around and rolling suitcases, so if you are a lite sleeper, I suggest bring a pair of ear plugs. Other than that, if you need a good clean and inexpensive place to stay, try this place.....Enjoy	
Apr 1 2007 	Great deal and close to the tube	This was my first time in London and I could not have been happier with the Globetrotter. It is well run as should be expected from a corporate run hostel. The building is large and feels like an old dorm room. It is very clean and appears to be well maintained, they were painting the walls while we were there. We stayed in two different rooms because we went to Paris during the week and came back to the Globetrotter and both rooms were nice and safe. The bunk beds were well made and the privacy curtain was a nice feature. We were on the bottom floor and there was no wait for the shower, in fact there was never even any one in the bathroom at the same time as me. The free breakfast was adequate , no fruit but 4 choices of cereal, toast and butter with different spreads, instant coffee, tea , milk and orange juice. The staff is on duty 24 hours and very nice esp. Will and Marijke. Only a few minutes from the tube stop so carrying luggage is no problem. A gas station nearby with ok prices. The hostel has a store with some stuff but we never used it. We did use the Internet cafe which was easy to use and very inexpensive. We bought 20 min time for only 50p. Overall, I loved it and will stay there again if I go back. Have no worries about this hostel, you will not be dissapointed.	
Jan 25 2007	Nice and clean but potentially noisy 	Nice and clean hostel, with good facilities thoughout; not much more you can ask for from a hostel, and I have stayed in many around the world.One wing in particular though is situated above the bar, so you can't sleep until after 1am when the music from the bar stops and the bass comes right through the floor from the bar below. Best to ask for a room away from this.Finally, they have a policy, which is fair enough, that all food kept in the fridges must be kept in the plastic boxes they supply (ie. no plastic shopping bags). Every Tuesday they clear out any food in bags. The issue we found is when they run out of boxes (which they supply for a deposit) they tell you it's ok to put food in a labelled bag and leave in the fridge, which we did on a Monday night, and then they went and threw it all out on the Tuesday anyway while we were out for the day!!!!It leaves a sour taste in the mouth when one hand isn't talking to the other.	
Nov 30 2006 	Good place	We spend 4 nights in this place and it was a very good stay. We stay in a beautiful room for 4 people and the room was very large, the bathroom clean and with hot water. And the best : our room have a terrace. The kitchen, the bar and the shop was also very helpful. A little bad point was the breakfast, it was very basic only with bred, jam, cereals, tea or coffee and orange juice. The hotel is situated only 2 minutes from the tube, and there is a night bus stop only a couple of street from the hotel. I will definitely go there another time.	
Nov 7 2006 	privacy curtains	i stayed here for two nights and i found it was a really clean place. the pillow was a little lumpy but it was tolerable. i really liked the privacy curtains they had on the beds. in the mornings, there was a little bit of a wait for a shower but the water was always hot. and the free breakfast was an added bonus. i would definately come back here again.	
Oct 29 2006	Cheapcheerful+clean	we looked around for a cheap hotel to stay in for short break in london village, it was going to be a toss up between a really cheap (and from the reviews very dodgey) hotel or else a hostel. We came across this place + it suited us prfectly we were going tp earls court event so only couple stops down the tube line. The place was clean and the room altough was small was all we needed. The bathroom was clean too, looked like the place had recentely been renovated or spruced up. on ething i would advise is that you get up in time fro breakfast as it finishes at 9.30am and when 9.30am comes a swarm of staff desend on the dinning room + remove all the food! theyve got really good facilites for cooking your own stuff tho. so def a thumbs up for this wee joint, would def stay again.	
Sep 8 2006	Good	First, i got to say, i ve been to lots of hostels in London. I can compare. I was lucky to find this one. It is well located. It is clean. It is quiet as well. All the facilities are new. There are sofas at the bar. It is 100% safe (especially for girls). I especially liked to get relax on a Sofa at the bar after a journey in london. I understood they did a makeover.	
Sep 8 2006 	Good deal	We stayed at in a private double with bathroom back in June and were satisfied with the room itself. It was a little noisy overall but the noise was tolerable...nothing more than doors shutting, etc. More importantly, the room was CLEAN. Piccadilly and District tube lines are near the hostel, so traveling to and from Heathrow and central London (Piccadilly Circus) is easy: about 30 minutes to Heathrow and 15 minutes to Piccadilly). Breakfast was very basic: Rice Krispies, toast, milk, orange juice, coffee. Good place to stay!	
Aug 3 2006 	Okay hostel reservation problems!!!	Our stay at the Globetrotter Inn was painful. Most of the staff was great, eg. Rachel at the travel desk, who was more than helpful!!! But when it came to our reservations we had a ton of troubles. First off, our initial reservation was for 3 nights. When we arrived, they stated that they could not juggle rooms around and made us switch rooms between our stay. We then extended our stay for 3 nights and were informed that we would be able to stay in the same room, no problems. We got back late after a full day of exploration, our keys did not work and we apparently were checked out. Fortunately our bags were not thrown out, but it took us a while to sort everything out! So we stayed in the same room for that night and were told to speak with the manager in the morning (a message was to be left with the manager about our situation). We informed them that we had a day trip planned and had to be out early.We got to the reception early the next morning and asked to speak with the manager, Jenn. The reception called the manager and asked us to come back in 10 minutes. 10-15 minutes later, we returned and the manager was not there. The basically told us that we could not stay in a 4 share and had to move yet again to a 6 share. We agreed to take the 6 share but still had to pack up our stuff and store it. We were also informed that we owed the hostel for the previous night. We informed them that we were in a bit of a rush to catch our tour and asked if we could settle everything when we return later that day. They were not accomodating at all, especially since we had been staying there for the last 5 days! There was a mix up with the hostel's reservation system, which is fine. But the manager could of had the courtesy to come and speak with us and apologize for their mistake. We were happy that we got another room to stay in, but when one is planning day trips, there is no time really to be packing up our belongings, moving, unpacking and packing up again and again and again!!! We also heard of other people having troubles with the reservations that they had made. Something should be done about this!!! Poor management!The rooms were nice and clean, but the bathrooms were hit and miss!	
Jul 2 2006	Nothing Fancy	My husband and I stayed at the Globetrotter Inn during our honeymoon. We haven't really stayed in any other hostels in London, so I guess we don't have much to compare to.The hostel wasn't anything fancy. We booked a double room with private bathroom. We arrived early so we couldn't check in yet as the room hadn't been cleaned, however, they allowed us to leave our luggage in a storage room, which was handy so we could start taking in the London sights. On our return we checked-in however, the cleaners were still finishing up so there must have been a miscommunication somewhere. The room was sparce; basically a wall heater, a bed and a locker. Eventhough we had private facilities, towels are not provided so make sure you bring some with you. Our room was located at the top of the stairwell so when people were returning back to their rooms - it was very noisy. So much so that we were actually woken up and had to go out and tell them to keep it down one night. The breakfast was pretty simple, bread with spreads, cereal and juice - however, they actually had a toaster; so no cold breadrolls!!! It was self serve, so, you could eat to your hearts content without feeling guilty. The location was fantastic - very close to the tube and also in a fairly suburban part of London - so you're pretty removed from the raudy tourists. The other positive thing about the Globetrotter was the security... it was very safe; you needed your access card to get into the various areas i.e. bedrooms/dorms, TV rooms, outside doors. Overall, it was fairly clean, secure and affordable. We would probably consider staying here again if we couldn't afford something a bit meatier.	
May 22 2006	Great Place	My boyfriend and I made some last minute decisions to visit England. We booked this on Travel Cuts hostel finder online. When we arrived they were friendly. We booked a private double bed room with a private bathroom that were both clean. I found the bed comfortable. We ate the breakfast once, but its nothing too special...cereal, toast, juice. They have great facilities for longer stays like organized sports and tour booking. We didnt take advantage of this as we were there for two nights. There were alot of young students so expect to be around people aged 15-25.The people at the desk were VERY nice and helpful. When we ended up checking out late, they didnt charge us the late fee. All in all, this was a great place to stay on a student budget. The tube is close by and its not hard to get to central London. Watch out using the night buses. We got very lost and ended up walking from a bus station back.	
Apr 13 2006	Soso...		
Apr 11 2006	Globetrotter Just Great		
Mar 20 2006	Can't be bothered staff .. and not so clean!		
Dec 10 2005	Hostel was great and not-so-great		
Nov 7 2005 	OK for student housing type accommodation		
Oct 26 2005	Just O.K.		
Oct 20 2005	Excellent Value in London		
Aug 19 2005	Great Place to Stay		
Jul 27 2005	Enjoyable stay!		
Mar 26 2005	Solid new hostel		
Feb 4 2009 	Très agréable séjour!		
Dec 25 2008 	Muy bien. Repetiría		
May 13 2008 	chouette auberge		
Apr 16 2008	Le Inn plus ultra		
Mar 23 2008 	Bastante mejorable		
Dec 13 2007 	Meilleur rapport qualité / prix !		
Feb 5 2007 	Allarme!		
Nov 6 2006	super séjour ! on y retourne !		
