Jul 16 2009 	not that bad	After reading the reviews I was kind of leary about this hotel. I am glad to say it was not that bad. My room was on the bottom floor by the dining room. Yes the rooms are small but I had an en-suite and it had a small fridge also so I could not complain. It is a little noisy but then anything close to the train station is going to be. The rooms were cheap and that is what most people want but with that price you cant expect it to be fancy.. The front desk was always friendly and helpful, and I found the hotel to be very close to most everything I wanted to see. I can not comment on the breakfast as I did not eat there--I was either already gone on a sightseeing tour or sleeping a little late. The train station is very close with a small groc there or many small restaurants around. I would stay there again if I come back to London	
Jun 1 2009 	If you want a terrible sleep and bed bugs holly house is for you.	My sister and I stayed here for 2 nights in a twin room en suite. They put us into the annex building a few doors down from the main hotel.the positive: it's very close to victoria station, and walking distance to Buckingham palace (20 minutes). breakfast was included, and the staff serving breakfast was quite nice and helpful. there was a mini fridge in the room and a small TV. Now onto the negative: We arrived around 5:30pm in the rain and there was no one at reception to let us in the building, we rang the bell for 10-15 minutes before they finally answered. While we were being checked in, a man who looked like a homeless person came into the small reception area and was eyeing us. that should have been our cue to leave, but I thought it would be okay. the room was TINY. we could barely move around in it. you had to climb over the bed to get to the bathroom, and the bathroom was a cupboard. It was like a toilet on a train. tiny. tiny. tiny. they gave us bath towels, but no hand towels. and everything in the bathroom gets wet when you shower because it's that small.the first night I slept fine, but the second night I didn't sleep very well at all, and didn't figure out until morning that it was because there were BED BUGS eating me up. I woke up with bites on my feet &amp; legs and waist, but the worst was my arms, shoulders and back. I still have discoloration from the bites. I would not ever ever ever recommend this hotel to anyone. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
May 24 2009 	NEVER AGAIN!!!	Ok so cheap budget room in London! Not expecting much here! But oh dear!!! The &quot;double&quot; bed was maybe 3 inches bigger than a standard single. It was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in! I would have slept on the floor, but there was not enough room to do so! I was also a bit wary of all the bugs crawling around the floor and shower.The bed was itchy and lumpy. The TV had very poor signal. The en-suite toilet! Well when you took a shower you were also washing the toilet pan! I am a 16st 6ft tall man and i was hitting my arms on the walls and head on ceiling. Was like taking a shower in a room the size of a toilet on a bus!The noise and heat in the room was fair enough! Its London after all! After a 12 hour bus journey all I wanted was a good nights sleep, but i would be lying if I said i had more than 1 hours sleep in broken 5 minute intervals!As for the comment on page 1 of the hotels website....&quot;Our warm, friendly hospitality is second to none, matching the stylish facilities and quality service to the perfect location.&quot;OMG!!! The staff did not smile, were not very friendly and really not overly helpful! I never saw any &quot;stylish faclities&quot; or &quot;quality service&quot;!The location is perfect for the tube, bus st and palace! There is always a gopod point.We were booked in for 2 nights (and charged for the 2 nights on arrival)After the first night we could not bear facing breakfast in that place! 1st thing we did that morning was to go round the corner to a bigger hotel. They gave us a big comfy room, with clean bathroom and facilities and free wi-fi.We paid a little more for this one, but worth every penny! They even let us check in at 9am so we could get out of the Holly House Hotel.The receptionist was NOT surprised to hear how unhappy we were with the Holly hotel (guess it must be a common occurence).I felt dirty after staying in this hotel. I will never be back. I have stayed in some bad places in my travels, but this was by far the worst I have ever been in.I guess they must have some nice rooms as a few people have made positive comments about the place! I would guarantee that if they were in our room from that night, they would have thought twice about a good review!	
May 19 2009 	Very very basic	We were put in the Annexe part of the hotel on the top floor in a TINY standard room (only one person could walk round the bed at the same time). It was at the back of the hotel so the train noise from Victoria was VERY loud as you were overlooking the lines. It had a washbasin, TV, small fridge (which noisily came on and off all night) and tea/coffee making facilities. All generally clean although the carpet needed a good hoovering. Towels and sheets were clean and fresh. Shared shower and toilet area combined, outside on landing. It was the smallest area you could imagine (less than 5 feet by 2 feet) so when you had a shower all round the toilet flooded too! Breakfast was cornflakes or cocoa pops, orange juice, toast with various jams and tea or coffee.Having said all of that it was a reasonable price for such a central location, some people wouldn't like it but as we were going to be out sightseeing all day, all we wanted was a room with a bed for the night, which is just about what we got.	
Apr 13 2009	Very good for such price	Please, compare prices of London Hotels. More of them is very expensive. It's very small and cheap hotel. I think, it's excellent for budget trip. Do not expect for 3 or 4 stars!!!We (family of 3 people) stayed there in early March in Triple Ensuite Room. Bathroom is inside the room. It very-very small, but enough. Room is very-very small, but enough :) It's smallest room I have ever seen. But we were in London first time, we had only 4 days and we only slept in the room and use bathroom in mornings and evenings.They made our room every day, our linen and towels was always clean.Breakfasts include in price. It's corn-flakes with milk, toast with butter and jam, orange juice and tea or coffee. In room you can find towels, cattle, glasses, cups, spoons, tea, coffee and sugar, small fridge. You can have hair drier for deposit 5 pounds.Location is great! Bus station is very close(we use bus for airport transfer and for trip in Windsor) and underground is just in few blocks. I didn't like stuff on check-in desk and on breakfasts. We have no problems with them, but I think they can smile even sometimes...	
Aug 24 2008 	just okay but you get what you pay for i guess...	well, i think that these guys get a worse rap than is warranted. it definitely is by no means a luxury hotel or even an at all nice one. this is VERY basic accomodation, with almost no amenities. but it is probably the cheapest place to stay in london, so if that is what you are looking for then that is what you are going to get. the people that run it are more cordial than the reviews would lead you to believe, though i would not say that they are nice or smiley or anything. the rooms seem to be a little dirty and the bathroom was mostly unfinished (this gave it a dirty look even though it probably wasn't). it is close to the train station, and we could hear the trains coming in, but it was not insanely loud and in fact my boyfriend rather enjoyed it. the location is the best part. it is very close to virginia station and walking distance to buckingham palace and st. james' park. the breakfast was indeed just cornflakes, toast, butter &amp; jam, with instant coffee or tea and juice, but what can you do? this is the european way.	
Jul 15 2008 	Very Good Basic Hotel	I called the Holly House and made my own reservation.The Holly House Hotel is a very basic hotel. If you are expecting a large, elegant rooms with service 24 hours a day, this is the wrong hotel for you. If you want a basic room, in a very convenient location, this might just be the place for you. My room was on the 3rd floor and had a small refrigerator. The toilet was about 6 steps up from my room and the shower on the floor below. This hotel does have en-suite rooms but I could only afford the basic. I was greeted nicely by the owner/manager and was always treated kindly. The breakfast was again basic but enough. The rooms were quiet and a wonderful breeze kept my room cool even during the several rather warm days. Each room has a colour TV and tea and coffee facilities. The hotel backs up to train tracks right at Victoria Station and I was afraid that the noise would bother me but I was never disturbed by any noise at all.I stayed at the Holly House over 3 weeks so I was there long enough to get to know the area. I will stay there again in the future as I visit London every year.	
Mar 20 2008 	No No No	Unclean and the staff was definitely intimidating. I was traveling as a single woman and please do not go there if you are single woman traveling alone. I would go out every evening for dinner and the staff would be out smoking with friends or other staff members and they would be obviously saying lude things about me walking away from the hotel. I would actually sleep with the lights and tv on to make them think I was up in the middle of the night (even though the tv didn't go very loud) and this place gave me the heabie jeebies. It was unclean and I couldn't wait to get out of there. So much so that my flight didn't leave until the late afternoon the day I left and I checked out on that day at 9 am and because of luggage...went straight to the airport. No way was I storing my luggage while I went sightseeing for a few hours. Lock your luggage in the room. I just had a bad feeling like I was being watched!!!!	
Feb 7 2008 	Okay okay	Same same is a simple bed and breakfast in london super location and close to tube station - the room was small but okay and clean i found the staff friendly and helpful	
Oct 14 2007 	Hotel behind subway station!!!	Roos are extremely small and most of them overlooking the train station. I asked for a quiet room and the receptionist who works in the evenings ( a very unfriendly guy) gave me a room in the Alexander Hotel (which is the same crap hotel belonging to the Holly House) with a view to the platform of the London underground!!. The room in question has the weird name of AA.I told him to give me another room, and although he pretended to find something better for me, it was obvious that he didn't care. So he ended up saying that either I should take it or leave it; Actually that was what I did next day (before being sure that I got back the rest of the cash I paid in advance the day before). Be careful because they ask for the whole amount in advance. So if you decide to reserve a room here, don't pay till you have seen the room. The toilets are so small that you wonder how you can get in (no joking)I have to admit that the receptionist in the morning-afternoon are friendly and helpful but the guy in the evenings tends to act against guest's desires	
Feb 15 2007 	Dont trust this place.... Theft of Belongings!	We confirmed our week long stay at the Holly House Hotel 2 days before arriving in London. They asked us how much we had been quoted.... which i thought odd given that they had the booking sheet in front of them, but nonetheless, we confirmed the booking. When we arrived - went into the reception of the Holly House and were given keys to another hotel further down the street - the Cedar House Hotel. It appears that the owners run almost every hotel on the street! We did not mind too much about this - however it would have been nice to have been told that what room we booked online was NOT what we would be getting when we arrived. We had stated our time of arrival as being 10am and we arrived at 12pm. The room was NOT ready. The room stank of fresh and stale cigarette/cigar smells, there was rubbish everywhere and the bed was not made up. We sat outside and waited while the cleaner made the room up - and though she changed the sheets - she did not change the doona cover. Gross. Once we aired out the room - the smell of smoke dissipated slightly however we still had trouble breathing easily in the room for the duration of the stay. One day before we were due to check out - we returned to our room to find that all of our valuables had been stolen. Notebook Computers, MP3 Players, Digital SLR Camera (Over $8000 worth of goods) were all gone (we were migrating - not on holiday) including one entire bag of belongings. NOt only had the thief / thieves taken our things from three different bags - they had put all of our bags back exactly as they had been when we left them so we did not notice that our valuables were missing straight away. There was no forced entry and our room was locked when we left it. We advised manager on duty who advised that the Manage would come to see us. He never did. We called the police - who came to the hotel and attempted to enter the room without a key - (to see how easy it was) and could not do this successfuly ! He interviewed the manager and staff and asked manager to provide cctv footage from inside the hotel however this came up with nothing. Police advised us that they had been to this hotel 12 months previous for thefts and determined that a staff member had been stealing at that time. We went to the Manager (who still did not seek us out), and he basically told us it was our problem, and that we should not have left our valuables in the room (this said - we are not stupid and would not normally do so however as we had moved to the UK - we could not carry all of our things with us all of the time - and we were not provided with any alternative to keep our belongings safe). The fact that the room appeared to have been entered with a key, that the cleaners go into the room every day and leave the window open when they leave, that the thieves had apprently known where all of our valuables were (as there was a limited timeframe in which the theft occurred) and that the bags and cases had been put back carefully where they had been left did not seem to ring any alarmbells to him. It was still our problem.We started off being very calm and requested a refund for that night as we did not feel safe staying in a room that is is so insecure and unsafe, and afer arguing for a long ime - we eventually got the refund for that night - and we promptly left and found a great place at Earls Court Garden Hotel. This was a devastating experience for us that shook us up enormously and has severely impacted on our arrival in London. It is avery basic, not so clean, not so comfortable hotel which is not safe. I have travelled extensively through Asia and always stafe in budget hotels and hostels however it is worth it to spend a little bit more or get out of the city a bit and you will get much better value and security.	
Feb 13 2007	Cheap and horrible!!!!!!!!!	I had the &quot;pleasure&quot; of staying in this hotel for 5 nights! Yes, i did manage to survive! I booked the hotel from website and was never warned what i was about to experience! OK, it is really cheap and dead central but, dear God i would not never repeat that experience! The rooms are tiny (i booked a double room and 2 people cannot have their suitcases open at the same time!!!!), the curtain and carpet had not been washed for maybe a decade, the bed linen were not changed thoughtout my stay, we did however have clean towels every day. The WC and shower rooms are equally claustrophobic and dirty especially the shower room! Oh, did i mention the broken window in my room and the leaking ceiling (when the people in the upstairs room were taking a shower, it was leaking in my room !!!!) I will not of course mention the two arguments that i had with the reception clerk who was quite rude and sarcastic! Do yourselves a favour, if you plan on staying in London for more than 1 night, don't stay there, you deserve better than that !!!!	
Jan 13 2007 	Value for Money	Don't know what people are complaining about! This a low-priced hotel located within walking distance of most of London's tourist traps along with Victoria Coach Station and Victoria Rail Station. It is not the Dorchestor, Hilton, or the Ritz, and anyone should know this by the cost, for the same price as an over-night stay one wouldn't get a meal at the Ritz. The rooms at HHH could be a little fresher, but lets' face it we're talking basically about a bed for the night, not a suite of rooms etc.The hotel was quiet at night which is extremely important. Ok trains running into Victoria can be a pain. At less than £40 for a room, the HHH is ok.	
Nov 28 2006 	Horrible Hotel	Let me begin by saying that I am an experienced budget traveler that has lived in Europe. So I am not expecting The Ritz when I check into a 70 pound room. What I do expect is the room to be clean. There was standing dirt on the carpet through out the entire room. To mask to dirt smell the management placed large purple air fresheners throughout the room. The combination was overpowering. The room was a triple with a double bed and a set of bunk beds. There was approximately 2 feet between the top and bottom bunks making it difficult for an adult to use the lower one. There was only an18 inch path between the two beds, and the bathroom door could only open half way because of the overcrowding of the room. For one person to get dressed the other two had to literally sit on their beds to allow room. I have stayed in some very basic accommodations but this was by far the worst hotel I have ever experienced. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone that does not just want a dirty basic place to crash for a night.	
Nov 17 2006	absolute nightmare	I was in London for a short stay and a self prescribed low budget trip.Booking a room near Victoria seemed like a sensible thing to do since it was close to my area of interest.I must admit that I wasn't expecting too much but even so I was amazed that such a place could exist in central london.The room was filthy and smelly and it hasn't been cleaned in years.For an additional 3 pounds I was promised an en suite batroom wich was nothing else than a airing cupboard tranformed into a loo with an incorporated rusty shower squeezed into the corner.The trains from Victoria rushed right past my head by the minute but the worst part was listening to the continuing announcements -opening the window seemed sheer madness at the time.By 7am I was wide awake and left the hotel without any breakfast because I was too annoyed to eat and not convinced by their hygenic standards.Overall impression?If you want to listen to moving trains, book a bench at Victoria Station.It's cheaper!!!!	
Oct 4 2006 	Gool Location 	My overall experience was good. Close to public transportation, Friendly staff &amp; affordable price. Breakfast was good &amp; rooms are nice to stay. Only one thing is negative, Very close to Victoria station &amp; noise problem.	
Sep 26 2006 	Disgusting terrible the managers rude...	It was horrible, it was the only thing that made my travel to London to be a little bad... we had made the reservations via internet. We went from spain, and we had the copy of the reservation. But, when we arrived there, the &quot;manager&quot;, that... &quot;nice&quot; man, so pleasant, and so.... I don't know how to describe him... rude? told us that we had not made a reservation for a room with bathroom. then we told him we wanted bathrooms, and he wanted to put us all (six people) in a room which was no more than 8 square metres. Finally, we found three double rooms with bathroom (it was exactly a cupboard which had become a bathroom). My bedroom was inclined, so the floor was not 90 degrees to the wall, but more or less 110, so my feet slept higher than my head... It was a complete disaster... The boy who took us to our bedrooms only pointed to the fact that the rooms had TELEVISION.... yes, there was a teapot...but.. who could drink there?!!!And finally, the best of all... we could not pay by card. He wanted us to pay a part in cash and another part by card. This made us suspicious that he was getting undeclared income. so we told him he was a thief, and we were calling the police... he told us that he was the one who was going to call the police and we would go to jail hahaha... The best of all was when he threw us out...Yes, he threw us out of his hotel, shouting and insulting... And then he apologized and he told us he expected to see us there again..... hahahaha Isn't he mad?If a manager treats people in such a rude way, what can he expect but not to see his customers again?In short: the worst experience in my travels.	
Aug 16 2006 	Reservations are useless	I found a room in London for less than 30 pounds. I reserved well in advance before my travel. I knew I couldn't expect much, all I need was a place to sleep a nigth, before continuing my trip.Well... I arrived from the Americas afther a long trip and badly sleep. I had some troubles finding it, but it was ok. When I finally found the place, they told there was a problem with my reservation, something about my credit card they said. And unfortunatly they didn't had any room for me.They told not to worry and chose any of the nearby hotels, tell them I was their customer and they will give me a room, I asked at to places... they say they were full. I returned a got very angry, they took me to another hotel which had I think and emergency room. It wasn't so nice and they charged me about 5 pounds more then what I had reserved at the first hotel.It was an awful experience, they made me loose valuable time for touring the city, they spoiled my short visit at London.I understand you can expect much for a room under 30 pounds, but at least you expect it will be avaiable when you arrive.I strongly recomend not to reserve this hotel, maybe if you arrive without reservation and are lucky enough they'll have a cheap room. But you can't trust on your reservation.	
Jun 1 2006	It is a budget hotel	It is a budget hotel. You are not paying more so you could not expect more. Over all my experience is not bad you can afford the prices. Very reasonable stay in Victoria. Location is very good except noise from the train running back of the hotel. But who expect more service and more laxurious there is Blair Victoria hotel a five star hotel five minutes from Holly house hotel.	
May 30 2006	planning to book here..? don't!	Bookings don´t mean anything to the &quot;managers&quot; of this hotel. We had booked well in advance, had given bank details in order to &quot;guarantee&quot; the rooms and had received two confirmations of the bookings. There were no mistakes or misunderstandings on our part. On arrival we were informed that the rooms were not available.....period.Absolutely unethical behaviour...to say the least.	
Feb 27 2006	Horrendous	Well if only I had read the reviews before. It is very cheap but clearly the worst B+B I have ever stayed in. Also don't be fooled by the explanation that they have had problems with flooding etc and need to relocate you as this seems the excuse they always use. We had booked a room with ensuite but had to have a double room with shared bathroom in another hotel which was so disgusting you would not want to walk on the floor without shoes!  Yes they do own all the B+Bs on that street.If it had not been for being tired and not knowing the area we would certainly have gone elsewhere!If that's not bad enough wait til breakfast the staff look dirty. It was so unorganised and I have never had such horrendous service before. The staff were so rude ordering people to sit on seperate tables and muttering in their own language whilst waving their arms around. It was so bad that we went without breakfast on both mornings.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!!!	
Dec 16 2005	Terrible But Cheap	We made the reservation via internet and when we got there,there was no room,although we called the previous evening. they offered a tiny single room for two people giving no explanation. We spent the first night in another b&amp;b(horrible too). The second day at eleven they offered a temporal twin room in one of the b&amp;b they manage, and the third day at the same time we moved to the final room. we missed a lot of time there.This is the cheapest b&amp;b in london but awful staff and bad organization, some smelly rooms. they rule alexander,anexe,ivy,holly house,cedar b&amp;b, all terrible.	
Nov 21 2005	Cheap	We booked this hotel because we only needed a one night stay before an early morning flight out of Gatwick. This room was very inexpensive, and the hotel was located very close to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express.When we arrived, we were actually placed in the Cedar Guest house down the street. We had a double with shared bath. Our room faced the street and was very quiet. The bathroom faced the rear of the building and had a lot of train noice.The room was extremely small; by far the smallest room we had in all of our european travels. The room was not the cleanest, and I would not have wanted to stay there for more than one night.	
Oct 10 2005 	Be warned!	The person that owns this hotel owns all the hotels on the even-numbered side of Hugh Street (i.e 20, 22, 24 etc). Thus you will find the Cedar Guest House, Annexe Hotel and others also advertised but they are all of the same quality but slightly different price. I found out from the staff when I booked into the higher priced Cedar Guest House and was given a room in the lower priced Holly House (with no price refund - talk about thieves!) and when I was eventually moved to the Annexe Hotel, I realised what they said was true! All the (bad) reviews are true - not a good place to bring your family but almost bearable if you are travelling alone and trying to save money. I got woken up every morning at around 5.30 when the trains started going. Try and get a room at the front of the hotel. You may aswell book into the cheapest Holly House hotel because your booking is unlikely to have any bearing on where you finally stay!	
Sep 10 2005	Dirty noisy awful service	When we were booking this hotel we looked at the map, but we failed to realize that the hotel seems to be suspiciously close to Victoria station. When we arrived, it appeared that the trains just go under your window. Victoria is a very busy station and the trains are there every couple of minutes day and night. The noise is unbearable. After one night we complained to the staff and they moved us into another room that was below the ground level so the noise was quiter, but only by a fraction.The rooms are old, dirty and very small. When you order the room that is proudly announced as &quot;triple&quot; you can get a room with a two-level bunk bed and another small bed crowded into an area size of a telephone booth. The bathroom en-suite means an area just large enough to fit a toilet - if you want to take a shower, you stand on the floor near the toilet and the water just goes over everything.They do &quot;clean&quot; the room every day, but it just means making your bed without changing the linen. They do not refresh the supplies like soap, shampoo, coffee, or even towels.The only nice thing about this hotel is location - it is about five minute walk to the Victoria undeground station. On the other hand, with excellent London public transportation system, it is not that important.Overall impression - never again! Also keep in mind that there are several hotels on Hugh street (Holly House Hotel, Alexander House Hotel, and more) that actually are the same hotel - they use the same reception. The quality seems to be the same.	
Jun 7 2005	What a shock about midnight!!!	We arrived in the Holly House &quot;Hotel&quot; about midnight attended 2 children.I had reserved two double rooms with own shower/toilet. The guy´s told me, that we can get this booked rooms tomorrow and showed us two other double rooms as a replacemenet for this night. What have we seen? Small, total dirty rooms under the roof, cleaned last time some month ago...Our first idea was to abscond and search for another hotel, but our children were very tired. So we asked for new bedclothes at least, got a special price for this night and searches for another hotel in the morning of the next day!	
Apr 25 2005	Perfect spot/price	perfect spot since it's near the victoria station,restaurants and the major sights and spots! very nice staff.	
Nov 29 2004	very good	Given the prices for hotels in London, i think it is by far the cheapest you can find. Perfect location! 2 minutes from the subway, 15 min walk from Big Ben. The staff is very nice, just be nice to them as well. Its not an american 2 star hotel but for european standards and the amount of money you pay given London prices, the hotel is very good.	
Nov 6 2004	Holly Hole under Trains	I have booked two double rooms. It was confirmed two days before my arrival.When I have arrived with my family I was proposed 4 singles &quot;holes&quot; 1,40mx2mx1,90m under trains passing over your heads every 5 min.I have find a normal hotel not far from &quot;Holly Hole under Trains&quot;	
Oct 11 2004	Cheap but terrible	I booked this hotel from website, however I was arranged to stay in cedar hotel. The room was very small and just next to railway, you could hear noise when train passed by. I would not recommend this hotel even though it's cheap and close to Victoria station.	
Sep 22 2004	Value for money	I was planning a day out in Central London, I did not read the reviews before I went to the Holly House Hotel, but I must say its a clean value for money B&amp;B, I'm surprised people are complaining about this hotel because I personally think it's not true, I mean what do you want for £ 40 GBP a night in the heart of London.The Rooms were a bit small but they were clean and kept tidy, so were the ensuites they were also clean, my suggestion is if anyone is looking for low budget rooms Holly House is the best place, they have got the location and they also have what a budget client needs	
Sep 1 2004	It's totally horrid!	It was my 1st visit to London on the 31st of July 2004. My family had booked a tour with the Trafalgar agency in Victoria and had to be there at 6.30am the following mor. That's why we sourced for a family room for 4 with connecting toilet in Victoria itself. I think it was agreed that we're to pay 85 pounds for that one night. It's a bed and breakfast place.If you are thinking along the same line.. staying somewhere near the Trafalgar agency in Victoria. Trust me on this. Don't stay here!My sis had booked us a family room with the Ivy House Hotel for the agreed amount of 85 pounds. She chose this hotel as there weren't many reviews on this hotel but horrid ones for the nearby Annex House Hotel and Holly House Hotel. When we got there, we found out the Ivy House Hotel, Cedar House Hotel, Holly House Hotel and Annex House Hotel at Victoria are all under the same management. Wherever you book, either one of this 4, it's really up to the management to put you whereever they want.We've come across reviews from others that Annex House has the reputation for not giving you what you had booked earlier. You have to settle for something less that what you'd booked. For our case, the management gave us 2 rooms. One musky double room on the last level with a filmsy lock without toilet attached. The other was a double with an attached toilet. Ok, the 2nd room wasn't that bad cos of the toilet. Other then the toilet bit, the room was equally musky, with poor ventilation. The common toilets aren't exactly clean for the record. We weren't trilled with the 2 rooms. Especially when we wanted a family room. Sides, they weren't apologetic about not being able to give us what we had agreed on, and had the cheek to argue with us over the state of matters. One guy even challeneged us to look for alternative accomodation. After travelling for over 19 hours, and arriving at 9pm local time, that's the last thing we wanted. The conditions of the rooms were absolutely appalling and the attitude of the management really spoilt the mood of our much awaited family vacation. A word of advise for people joinning Trafalgar tour, stay somewhere near Earls Court. Preferably near Ibis Hotel. You can hitch a ride with fellow tour mates there early in the morning.	
Aug 6 2004	Terrible holly hotel	This hotel (holly house hotel) is infected with bugs in the bed.You register with Ivy but they give you this hotel.IVy ,holly,cedar etc.. are the same hotel on the street.Check the beds before check in. Terrible if you are allergic with the bug's bite.	
Jul 18 2004	Stay away... you deserve much better!		
May 8 2004	Centrally located		
Feb 18 2004	good for the hostel-bound		
Feb 8 2004	What You pay for is what You get..		
Jan 1 2004	Be Warned Do Not Stay Here!		
Dec 18 2003	Don't Stay here. You deserve better!		
Aug 25 2009 	kein Zimmer obwohl 2 mal bestätigt und Anzahlung abgebucht war		
Jul 9 2009 	On en a pour son argent et pas plus...		
Jun 28 2009 	Más pequeño imposible		
Apr 12 2009 	Ottimo albergo in zona Victoria		
Mar 9 2009 	Ottima posizione piacevole soggiorno		
Oct 19 2008 	all'inizio molto perplessa!		
Sep 3 2008 	evitare		
Jul 7 2008	Un hotel molón		
Jun 23 2008 	Holly Horror House trifft es besser		
Mar 27 2008 	Bed and Breakfast de Pesadilla		
Mar 24 2008 	Bien situado pero guarrería total		
Mar 24 2008 	Pesadilla en Holly House Hotel		
Mar 11 2008 	calidad-precio aceptable		
Jan 14 2008 	Decepción total		
