Oct 27 2009	Could be so much better	I booked 2 apartments for 10 nights &amp; specifically told the staff when making the reservation that I was travelling with a disabled person &amp; therefore required rooms next to each other (or at least nearby) When we checked in you can imagine my surprise when 1 room was on floor 1 &amp; the other on floor 14! We were unable to be moved, nevertheless we coped! The bathroom was a problem as there is a shower in the bath - for a modern building, we expected walk-in showers (my fault for not checking this out) so the disabled person I travelled with had no chance to shower. He had to use the sink in the bathroom which we found on arrival to be totally blocked - 4 days later they sorted it out! The 2 rooms were very different, both nice but both nice and dirty! They have made such an effort with top of the range appliances (all AEG) but the house keeping before we checked in was just not acceptable (filthy sinks, cutlery, hairs &amp; fluff all over the floor &amp; in the sinks &amp; the carpets had not even been hoovered - fortunately they supply you with a hoover so I cleaned both apartments. The front desk staff really didn't want to be there. They are not very friendly. However, for us the location was ideal for what we needed (Guys Hospital a 5 minute walk). A Tesco Express right underneath the apartments &amp; a few restaurants by London Bridge (also 5 mins away). Marlin's website shows very swanky rooms - they are, but if they had been clean they would have been so much better!!! I would still recommend these apartments as other reviews have been glowing - so we may have just been a little unlucky.	
Sep 29 2009 	a great place	We have just spent 6 nights at Marlin apartments, Borough. Having read some of the previous reviews we were going to cancel but stayed with it and are so pleased we did. Check in was easy. We had prepared ourselves for a rude reception, but, on the contrary, the concierge was very welcoming, helpful and pleasant. Our one bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor, overlooked the very nice square at the back. It was spacious, spotlessly clean, light and airy. It tended to be warm but the windows were big and able to be opened wide. The temperature in the sitting room and bedroom was always comfortable even though the temperature outside was warm. It is true that there aren't enough kitchen utensils. We only had a saucepan (no pans) and not enough plates but we rang the number given in the room and were supplied with these straight away. The built in microwave also wasn't working but, again, we were supplied with a free standing one without any problem. We were amazed at how quiet it was. The only disturbance was the early morning flights in and out of Heathrow but Marlin can't be held responsible for that! The location for us was perfect. A few minutes walk from Borough and only a little more from London Bridge. The Tesco and Sainsburys were useful and Borough Market is a must. It is only open on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. We loved being so close to the river where we could get the clipper down to Greenwich. A good day out. Altogether, we were more than happy with our accommodation and will return on our next visit to London.	
Sep 1 2009 	Bumped from other location at last minute	(Hmmm...same as another reviewer a month earlier) We were to stays at the Queen's location but got an email about 20 hours before checkin advising us of a 'maintenance problem' and automatic relocation. Too late to do anything, we went here. The location really wasn't too bad. But the facility was quite dirty, the room wasn't ready upon checkin and the desk wasn't especially helpful. I'm going to try serviced apartments again, but not Marlin.	
Aug 18 2009 	Absolutely Brilliant - Great Value for Money	Stayed with my partner and my dad in a two bedroom apartment after visiting family overseas. Absolutely brilliant value for money - two bathrooms, excellent kitchen, balcony. Downstairs was a Tesco, which was so handy. Really comfortable apartment, modern and spacious. Would definitely stay there again	
Jun 22 2009 	going downhill	My partner booked these apartments, being close to his London office and convenient for my shopping (Borough Market etc) and tube stations.I would say that we have stayed in these apartments probably 3-4 times before but have now noticed the steadty deterioration of same. NO coathangers (I had to ask) - have no idea whether someone had stolen these or if they are just not provided any more - the girl from housekeeping turned up within 5 mins with a smile and an apology.NO ironboard - no idea why not?FAG BURN on the duvet - housekeeping should have noticed this when changing the bed - bedding over used and, quite honestly, could have bought better from some market trader for a FIVER.DUST BUNNIES in the lounge.UNCLEAN BATH/BATHROOM - in need of DECENT clean after previous guest.I highly suspect that the reason Marlin is going downhill has more to do with the cleaning stafff than the apartments themselves. The economic downturn is hitting everyone but, surely, if you have something to sell you just CANNOT sell it short. We are now in times of &quot;Customer is King&quot;.Get their finger out, get the apartments sparkling - forget toiletries/welcome baskets (no longer supplied) - and just do the basics to a SUPERIOR standard and all will be well,Their great location to the City and their reasonable price would be a welcome bonus to any business/pleasure traveller, as would a welcome/facilities booklet .	
Jun 4 2009 	Very bad start but improved with time	Bad start first : just before setting off I checked my inbox and discovered a unilateral &quot;amendment&quot; to my confirmed booking which proposed I should in fact head to another Marlin property further in to the City (Queen St). The claim was that there had been a system error with my booking and that the alternate was same standard and easy to access. In fact, as I know the area, that was twaddle - Queen St is undergoing a fair amount of building works, is bang in the City (London's financial district) which is dead at weekends and bereft of out of weekday facilities and a much smaller (and not in a good way) development. I also, not least from checking here suspected this &quot;error&quot; was systemic. And, on digging further, I found that despite claims of being full it was still possible to book apartments at Empire Square - which is ideally located 2 mins from Borough tube station and within walking distance of Borough market (well worth a trip). It took me 4 phone calls and the same in emails to finally get this resolved. Credit where credit is due: Sorcha, the customer services manager, accepted I was being offered the unacceptable and got the situation sorted. Arrival was easy and smooth and you just pick up keys at the front desk. You need to be self-starting as no one shows you the apartment and you are left to your own devices. But there is a very fulsome book of information on the table of your place. In the event, I found I had been booked into a 2bed 2 bath apartment on the 6th floor (it might look from the website that you will have skyline views but most of them are owner-occupied) with views (just) of the Dome of St Paul's and the &quot;Gherkin&quot;. Pleasant, anonymous and clean apartment (bit scuffed in some places but nothing objectionable). Kitchen and 2 baths were very clean. Bed was comfortable and only downside was lack of AC on what was a very warm weekend. There is a Tesco Metro at the base of the building and a Sainsbury's on the High Street. Starbucks round the corner and some OK restaurants and takeouts nearby. Soho gym is in the same building and includes a spa (bring a costume,gents) and has a day or weekly pass. Good value in an up-and-coming part of town within easy tube rides of most of central London. No phone line in the apartment (so if you want the concierge you need physically to go down) unless you set up an account and only internet access but no wireless is a bit odd in 2009. A great location for business or leisure travellers and ideal for families. Pity I felt I had been given runaround at beginning but all was well in the end.	
Apr 28 2009 	Appalling cleanliness and customer service	Terrible customer service; the rudest concierge I have ever experienced. We requested an extra duvet three times. Each time we were assured that it would arrive. It never did, so one of us slept without bedding. Apparently, the concierge has no access to spare duvets, so don't expect any form of assistance in an emergency. In fact, he TOLD me to 'watch the desk' while he wandered around in order to find me a bed sheet. If you dare to ask for anything, please expect to be asked to do the concierge's job for him! Also, the worst standards of hygiene I have experienced; including blood on walls! Please see attached photos; they say it all. Believe it or not, this is the first time I have ever complained about a hotel! Disgusted, in every respect. Oh, and my written complaints have been met with no response; Marlin appear to redefine 'customer service'.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent Location and Hotel Alternative	Had a 2 bedroom apartment for 2 periods (5 and 3 nights) in April.Rooms, corridors etc showed some marking and dirt, and room was a bit dirty (some grease left on cooktop, mould in shower). Kitchen utensils and crockery need some replacement.BUT, plenty of room, quiet and comfortable. The booking process and check-in were so easy, and all staff and concierge very friendly and helpful. They stored luggage for us between periods spent here.Much cheaper than a good hotel in London and more flexible.Location is very good with tube and buses close by. Restaurants, bars etc close by. even a Tesco and cash machine next door.View to St Pauls.Very little noise, though sometimes other guests could be a little noisy. Not enough to bother us.Thoroughly recommended as hotel alternative for more than a few days.	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent Size and Great Location	We booked a 3 night stay here on laterooms.com for £199.96 (about £67 per night) which I thought was excellent value for money. Arrived on the Friday just after 3pm, check-in was quick and easy and we received our room key fairly promptly. I would've preffered a key card but it wasn't too much hassle having an actual set of keys to carry around. We were told that we had a room with a view (one of the best in the building) and we weren't disappointed. Don't be fooled however, the hotel only goes up as far as the 7th floor, the main tower (21 floors) is pretty much all private as is much of the rest of the development. Nevertheless, we were on the 7th floor and had an apartment that faced southeast, encompassing Canary Wharf as well as a large sprawl of rooftops in Southwark. The apartment itself was clean and spacious, a large living room come dining room come kitchen. The bedroom was a good size with a fitted wardrobe and the bathroom was also modern and fresh. The complimentary toiletries did leave a little to be desired, a tiny bottle of shower gel and shampoo but I didn't book it for this so I wasn't too fussed. The kitchen utensils were dirty as were the plates and cups and there was no washing up supplies so we had to buy these ourselves from the Tesco downstairs. We also requested two extra pillows, which cost £10! The location was great though, Borough tube is literally just around the corner and London Bridge is 5 minutes walk away. Elephant &amp; Castle is also relatively close (about 10 minutes south on Borough High Street). There is also a plentiful supply of buses linking the area with Central London as well as South. I didn't actually stay much in the apartment but my only niggle was that the rooms were constantly hot. At one point we had the living room window swung wide open and it was still boiling! Overall though I would recommend this hotel if you can get it for a good rate. If however it looks like it's going to cost too much then I recommend trying somewhere else like the Park Plaza.	
Apr 15 2009 	Avoid at all costs if you have children	When we first arrived and checked in we were told that the balcony door had a small gap at the top due to a replacement part not arriving and to just turn the heating up. As it was relatively good weather, we were not too concerned, until we got to the apartment that is .......................Walking down the endless non-descript corridors our expectations began to sink a little, especially in view of the condition of the corridors, dirty with marks everywhere - obviously little maintenance or upkeep investment.When we arrived at the apartment, the first impression was ok, seemed fairly decent, although the great views promised were not so great and the surrounding area not very nice.Then we sam the balcony door which did not just have a small gap at the top, but a gap all the way down the side as well and the door could not be closed at all. The safety aspect of this is unbeleivable especially as they knew we were travelling with children.I called the reservation office, but apparently they were full and I asked if they could swap us to another flat with someone who hadn't checked in and didn't have children. They said once allocated they can't change it and basically they didn't seem to care even though I pointed out that we had booked months ago and specified we were with children. They then said that they would refund us or move us to Stratford (miles away), I explained that we were on a 60th birthday trip for my mother-in-law and were being picked up in 30mins to go to dinner, but they didn't care. I even pointed out they obviously shouldn't be letting flats out with such safety failings, but again they didn't care - even the manager's attitude stunk and she didn't care as they were fully booked.After this appauling service, attitude and dissapointment, we opted for a refund and booked a last minute deal for 2 hotel rooms on laterooms and left. We had to change our restaurant reservation and the whole experience was very stressful to say the least.There are much better companies in London renting apartments and in my opinion you would be better served in one of these or a nice hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Value but wouldn't stay again	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Marlin Empire Square Apartments for 2nights, it was very easy to book and very reasonably priced as we got the 2nd night half price deal.As indicated on their website there is an underground car park but what isn’t stated is that there are only 8 spaces available, the rest of the 150+ are for residents. I was informed one week prior to my visit that we wouldn’t have a parking space and would have to park in a public car park, when I tried to cancel I was told I had to pay the Cancellation fee even though their website give out un-clear information. After displaying my frustration we were offered a space. The location was very easy to find and is very close to the Tube Station, and it is close to central London by Car. It was very helpful to have a Tesco express and various stores close by. The Apartment itself was very clean and spacious. The dishes the previous guest had used were left in the dishwasher and were dirty and the was no washing up liquid available, the tea towel was not washed and smelled quite so we had to dry our sides with tissue. Very kindly the previous guest had left some food behind but some bad milk was also left for us.The bathroom was very nice and spacious but the Luxury Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries consisted of one small bottle of Shampoo and conditioner.The Sky TV is VERY Limited as you don’t even get the standard Free view Channels, Multi-function dishwasher has no dishwasher tablets.Around 11pm the Television, Sky and DVD played switched off and none of the electrical sockets were working, we tried to dial the number given for the 24hr Concierge only to listen to a message telling us to call back midday, please note you cannot dial out of the phone even to call the Concierge unless you set up an account, you have to go and see them.This is a nice apartment, reasonable priced but too much went wrong for us so I don’t think I’ll be staying here again.	
Feb 6 2009 	Awesome location	I stayed here for a week in January 2009. I had not been to London before, so was looking for something centrally located, easily accessible by transit and not overly expensive - this fit the bill. Borough tube station was a 2 minute walk, and London Bridge station was about a 5 minute walk. There is a Tesco grocery next door, which was extremely convenient. I liked having the extra room - living room and kitchen. It made it nicer to relax at the end of a day sightseeing, than just a hotel room. And having the kitchen was handy...not that I cooked many meals (I WAS on vacation). But was nice to be able to relax in the morning and have breakfast. Any issues I had (which were minor...couldn't figure out how to use the TV) were solved by the front desk. They were also very helpful in getting me a car to take me to the airport, and secured me a cheaper rate than expected. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. It was clean and convenient...what more could you want in a place to stay on vacation.	
Dec 27 2008 	Better value than a hotel	I booked the apartment for a family visit to London to watch cricket at Lords and the Oval. The 2 bed apartment was of a good standard with good beds and comfortable sofas. It was well placed near London Bridge and the Tate modern. The tube was a short walk and the Tesco mini market situated next door was very handy. My only criticism would be the lack of kitchen utensils and the broken coffee pot. The weather was quite cool for the time of year but the apartment still quite hot so I'd imagine the apartment would be uncomfortable during a hot spell.	
Dec 24 2008 	Great value lots of space	Marlin Empire apartment hotel was very well situated, near to Borough and London Bridge tube but close enough to walk to many attractions, the area was also quiet at night when we were there and we had a fantastic view of the city from our 2-bed 6th floor apartment. The apartment decor was modern and clean, my only faults with it were that the paint was peeling in the bathroom, the welcome hamper was rubbish, the bath plug was missing and the smoke detector had been removed from the kitchen. The front desk staff weren't overly helpful but the office staff were willing to look after our luggage before we checked in.For what we paid and for the location and space that we had I can't fault it and would stay again.	
Dec 23 2008 	Disappointing.	I found Merlin Empire Square when looking for an apartment-type accommodation I could share with my father during a business trip. It was late in the day and many of our favourite places were already booked out. Marlin's website (although I booked on a different site where I found a much better deal) showed a stylish, elegant complex in an ideal location close to the City. It turned out to be not quite as ideal as we had hoped.The 1-bed apartment was a good size but the surprise was that there were only double beds available (no twins). When I enquired at reception I was told the only option was a folding bed to place in the sitting room, at a daily cost. So be warned if you are not a couple sharing! On my request reception eventually provided me with a set of linen to use on the couch. As they delivered to the room, we realised the main lights in the sitting rooms were out of order....I was told this would be looked into. It never was for the duration of our stay. We had to use the table lamps and the kitchen lamps.The fitting and fixtures were supposed to be 'modern/ minimalist' in style and must have been installed fairly recently, however they were so cheap that they were already falling apart (wood paneling on the bath) and only gave an overall feel of shabbyness. 1 bar of soap and 4 tiny shower gel/ shampoo bottles provided supposed to last two people four days.Although this was a self-catering apartment, there were no plates (we had to buy some overpriced plastic ones in the Tesco Express downstairs) and one dirty pan, and the only mismatched cutlery that was there was in a drawer, encrusted with previous guests' meals...absolutely disgusting. I think we only ate take away, kinda defeating the purpose of a self-catering flat! In the 'courtesy food basket', the corn flakes were expired.The worst however, which was really the main issue, was cleanliness: my father spotted hair on the linen in the bedroom and the bath itself had not been cleaned but simply rinsed out. There were crumbs on the table in the sitting room when I arrived. Clearly they take cleaning as a very superficial affair. The advertised Internet connection did not work. A laminated sheet beside the cable suggested that in case of problems with the Internet connection guests were not to contact reception but ring the IT company's helpline directly (only on business hours, precisely when we were also working.) We ended up never using their internet. Location was ok, but in the mornings when going to work the underground station nearer Marlin was not accessible to get on the underground, but was for exits only. We had to use Bank instead, which caused serious logistical problems. This was never mentioned in their advertising when booking. The only plus I could see in Marlin was the location (close to many coffee shops, city, etc) and the fact that we had thankfully not paid the ridiculous amounts listed on their official site. So unless you're stuck in London....try somewhere else!	
Dec 13 2008 	Great Place - OK Location	I stayed here with family. Great apartment with a gym on the ground floor.I liked the location as it was opposite the tube station and 10 minute walk to the Thames. On the downside, it is on the south side of the River Thames, so it was always a tube or bus ride to the East or West End. No problem really.I'd recommend this to single people, couples or families. But be sure you know how to use the London Transport system.	
Dec 12 2008 	Standards starting to slip	I have stayed regularly here and the apartments are relatively new and nice. However, as things start to age / break the maintainance going on is lacking. On my last trip...i) Broken binii) Broken toilet seat causing actual injury - no jokes please :-)iii) Paint peeling off the walls in the bathroomiv) A night porter that does not even look up from his reading let alone acknowledge you existv) Missing glasses / crockeryI wrote to them twice about this and got no response whatsoever - great customer service eh... They also now charge a booking fee of £5 which they did not used to do.	
Nov 27 2008 	Spacious modern and well placed	We stayed at a single bedroom apartment at Empire Square for three nights in November, for sightseeing purposes.They had limited luggage holding before check-in which consisted of everything locked up in an empty office. Not really a positive or a negative, but it did look a little ad-hoc.The apartment itself was excellent, very spacious for London, and was fully equipped. The staff were excellent, the view of the self-contained square was quite nice and overall it was a very comfortable stay, although we could hear a lot of noise when people used the coridoor.The rooms were well priced, but certainly not unusual for London. It was definitely a comfortable apartment, but we would not go out of our way to stay there again, purely because it was a little more than we needed.Overall, a very modern and spacious place to stay.	
Nov 24 2008 	good value for money	We stayed in this 2 bedroom apartment complex for a sat night and it ticked all the boxes. It's in borough and close to London Bridge and tower bridge. The apartments are good quality with a choice of different sized apartments. Nice fittings, excellent fully fitted kitchen and nice welcome mini-hamper. One bedroom is en-suite and there's another bathroom as well. the living area is a nice size and as there were 4 adults and a 2 year old, it was ideal. We brought our own blow-up bed for our daughter though.They have a dvd player and nice sized flat screen tv as well plus a balcony.there is a tesco metro on the street below and the tube station is 2 minutes walk. Borough has the famous market on saturdays and it's not much farther by foot to the river. Great for those who want mor space. Would stay here again.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great place to stay	always stay here when in london - if i can get an apartment - theyre very busy now!! great size place, excellent value.	
Oct 19 2008 	Could do a lot worse	For the price achieved, this certainly was an adequate accommodation for our purposes. We were in London to attend a wedding nearby at the Globe Theatre, so the location was ideal.The desk staff seemed a little overwhelmed at times but did their job, if a little slowly. The property is situated in part of a one way system so for some it could be hard to find. To access the car parking, one had to go almost around the block to access the car park entrance but the parking facility was good and was available at an extra cost.The apartments were quite well facilitated but seemd to be extraordinarily warm. If there was air conditioning on the premises, I never found it. Corridor noise could present a problem for some guests, especially if the apartment was situated near the elevators.My main dislike about the apartments was the standard of cleanliness in the public areas and the bathroom. The kitchen was quite clean and new but the bathrooms had remnants of previous incumbents dirt on the walls and tiles. Towels and bed linen were clean.Though I wouldn't say that I would not stay here again, it would not be my first choice.	
Jul 28 2008 	Spacious and convenient. Good bang-for-the-buck.	It's important to realize that this is not a hotel, so if you require amenities like room service, a pool, phone service (you have to buy it from an external provider), a gym, bathrobes, reliable front desk staff, and daily maid service then look elsewhere.That being said, we were in London to go sightseeing, not to hang out in our hotel, so we were not concerned about such things.It was myself, my wife, and our 16-year-old niece, so we were looking for space, privacy, and if possible a second bathroom (without having to book a second room), and for our needs, the Marlin definitely delivered.We had a clean, modern, two bedroom, two bathroom apartment with a good sized living room and kitchen, and the cost was far less than a comparable hotel &quot;suite&quot; or two individual rooms elsewhere (we paid about $320/night - booked from the Marlin website). And this was better than a suite because our niece had her own private room, rather than a pull-out couch in the common area. And again, her own bathroom as well, which certainly made for a quicker &amp; earlier start on our travels every morning! This would certainly be a great value for a larger family or two couples.The location is good. Two minute walk to the Borough tube station and about a 7 minute walk to the London Bridge train/tube station (more routes). We flew into Gatwick and took a (30 minute) train (not the more expensive express line) to the LB station. Short walk to the Marlin (be sure to print &amp; carry Marlin's helpful walking directions), but there are stairs (unless you circle around the long way), so if you're dragging large suitcases, be aware of that.Borough Street Market, London Bridge, Tower of London, Tate Modern are all fairly easy walks from the Marlin.The fact that it is not a hotel means that you'll need to bring/buy your own soap and paper towels and coffee, but there is a small market downstairs (open till 23:00) and you have a full kitchen with stove, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, so you'll save money by stocking up and having breakfast at &quot;home&quot; every morning.Several restaurants and bars nearby. The small indian place attached to the building downstairs (forgot the name) was very good.A few complaints:- For such a large place that can accomodate 4+ guests, the closet space was limited and (this is my pet peeve about most hotel rooms) not a single wall/door hook in the entire unit. Not even in the bathroom. So, no place to hang your jackets, hats, bathrobes, wet clothes, etc.- The temperature dial in one of the showers was broken (ranged from hot to scalding, not cold to hot) and after three repair-requests at the front desk we were finally told that they were just concierges and we had to talk to the office manager. Went to the office and was informed (a bit late) that room problems should not be reported to the front desk, and that the maintenance man was not working that day (Saturday), but they'd fix it tomorrow. Never happened. Good thing we had a second shower! So...if you have a problem with the room, don't bother with the front desk.- We had also asked for a second key from the front desk. That request was apparently ignored for three days, until my visit to the office, where they gave me the key right away.- Stepping out of the high &amp; slippery bathtup was a bit dangerous because the only thing to hold onto is the heated towel rack (ouch), or the loose, half-tub-door. So, be careful.- A room safe would've been nice.Overall, if you're looking for a lot of bang-for-your-buck with regard to space and location, and your comfort does not depend on typical hotel amenities, this is an excellent choice.	
Jul 24 2008 	Convenient nd Not Bad	Stayed here for business. Cost is about one-third less than at a conventional hotel. The building is well-located about a three minute walk from the Borough tube station; about a ten minute walk to the London Bridge tube station (more lines); and about a fifteen minute walk to the city (business district).You have a full kitchen with the necessary tools and appliances. My nit also had a wash machine.Along the walk to the city there are a number of restaurant and eateries of a variety of cuisines. The Borough Market is along the way to the London Bridge tube station where you can choose and purchase from a wide variety of foods, some cooked while you wait.The downsides are (1) that toiletries were not provided. I had to purchase the basics at a local grocery store. Not a problem because there is one next door and another about a three minute walk away. Just realize you need to provide your own toiletries. (2) Along these lines, housekeeping is only provided once per week. You need to take out your own trash, but this is an apartment building after all and not a full-service hotel. (3) The building follows the European standard of no air conditioning. So if you are sensitive to heat or &quot;need&quot; air conditioning, this is not the place for you.Overall, I had a good impression and would stay there again.	
Jul 17 2008 	A good experience at Empire Square with a toddler	I had a really pleasant experience at Empire Square and I would recommend this place for visitors, especially those with children. My husband and daughter and I stayed in a two-bedroom apartment and the place was very clean and spacious, and the two bathrooms and well-equipped kitchen were perfect for us. Everything seemed brand new. My toddler was able to run off steam in the large apartment at the end of the day and there was plenty of room for us to play with her. You can't beat the quality for the price, especially in London. And the Tesco downstairs was great.I was a bit worried about the staff after having read previous reviews about this place, but having stayed here for 6 nights I can say that I had nothing but very positive experiences with the staff - they were all very nice and patient with me when I couldn't figure out how to get the TV to work! And they were all very friendly with my daughter when we were running around the lobby jet lagged at midnight. When I had my hands full, they would always buzz me into the building, and I never saw them being anything but respectful to other guests.The only slight downside to this place is the location. While I didn't get nervous in the neighborhood at all (I went for a walk with my daughter at 11:00 at night a few times when we were jet lagged and it was fine), it is not centrally located to the tourist sights, although public transportation is nearby. This is a largely residential part of London and you won't find many other tourists here other than those also staying at Empire Square. I would have preferred to be closer to Leicester Square, Oxford Street, etc., but the size and quality of the apartment made up for that. There are lots of little restaurants just around the corner (pizza, Chinese, Indian) so you have lots of options. And of course there are lots of pubs in the area (very nice ones on the river, about 10 minutes walk away).Hope this helps!	
Jul 10 2008 	Forget this place! The cons out way the Pros by A LOT!	Well, we went here for my boyfriends birthday and with all the good reviews I was expecting this to be worth the money. And to be perfectly honest, it really wasn't. Firstly it was a nightmare to find, the sat nav couldn't pick it up and once we finally got on Long Lane (the road it is situated on) there must have been a recent stabbing because there was a lot of flowers and people standing around a spot by the railings. The view that is shown on the website is NOTHING like the actual view which is council flats (one thing I specifically assked for) and a very busy very noisy road with Fire engines police cars and ambulances going past every 10 minutes. The only thing that make you have an inkling that you were in London was St Pauls Cathedral and and gherkin building far in the distance and the millions of cranes. We arrived at 2 o'clock. We paid up front in the Marlin Apartments offices, told that our room was ready and that if we saw the concierge he would tell us where to park and give us keys for the apartment. A lot of the workers are foriegn and it is extremely hard to understand what they are saying and after getting some very strange directions to the concierge from the woman in the office and walking in the rain for 10 minutes due to the building work, we managed to find the concierge who was the most useless concierge I have ever known. He flatly refused us entry into the car park or the apartment until 3 o'clock and just repeated that he works in a different company .......... After he finally talked to the Marlin Apartments Office he showed us directions to the car park. He literally drew a square on the back of a tiny bit of scrap paper for directions and expected us to find it. Luckily we knew the street name, Tabbard Street, so after yet another 20 minutes we found the car park, which unsuprisingly did not match up to his boxy map. On a plus side, the parking is very secure although it would be as they only let you in at 3 and expect you out by 10 and charge you £20 for the privilage, you might as well go to an NCP! We then had to wait for the keys at front desk. We were told by another foriegn lady that our room was 44 on the third floor. Not suprisingly it was actually on the forth floor. So in the apartment. Please note a spare towel is in one of the many hidden cupboards within the apartment which we found out just as we were about to leave. Don't expect Sky, actually don't expect channel 4 and 5 either....... or any freeview as advertised on the net. Also cross off slippers and gowns,any decent sized toiletries (yes they are Molton Brown but there isn't enough soap in a bottle to wash one leg), luxury pillows or duvets (they are like my dog blankets). The rooms were new and refurbished but it seemed like they had been done on a budget. As sound proofing was rubbish, something I would have thought would have been a top priority with the location, the bath and the furniture although it looked good felt quite cheap. You do get your &quot;luxury hamper&quot; though........ with a melted kitkat and cuppa soups and rubbish tea. The people outside and around the hotel are extremely rude and intimidating. We bumped into a gang (which really filled us with confidence after seeing the memorial). We decided to go out for the evening and came back at 12 and found out that we were actually completely locked out and had to ring knock and shout through to the concierge.... in the pouring down rain, before we could get let in.To top it all off the ridiculous checking out time that means you can't have a relaxing stay hear as your booted out first thing in the morning.I'm not sure whether they treated us like this because we are quite young but I also noticed quite a few people struggling with the staff. I definately would not recommend this place. I would recommend the County Park Plaza near Waterloo. It feels like London and the staff are superb! And it's the same price. Forget this place!!!After all of this the concierge asked us if we had a good stay....... From what we learnt checking in, there's no point even trying to comment because he would either not understand or not listen.	
Jul 7 2008	Fantastic value	Great apartment, lots of room, clean. The area had a fabulous food market 5 minutes away, Burrough. We were on the second floor facing into a courtyard type area. There was some noise, but I would say less than average for staying inside a city area. We kept the windows open most of the time because it was a bit warm when we were there at the end of June. We paid 99 GBP per night for a Fri-Sunday and thought that a most excellent value as did our son who lives in the financial district.	
Jul 7 2008 	would really like to go again soon	Absolutely nothing to complain about at this great place.5 mins from Waterloo by taxi or tube. Borough market tube 2 mins walk away then you can go anywhere. Spotleessly clean, spacious and very very relaxing. Tescos are downstairs so it is really easy to cater with everything you need in the apartment to cook a meal or a snack.Lots of little places nearby to eat and the southbank just ashort walk away.I would love to go again very soon.	
Jun 18 2008 	A nice little pad up in town.	This review deliberatley concentrates on the bad bits - Overall the experience was excellent.It was a late booking so we did not get the chance to check out the hotel on Trip Advisor first - Luckily, as if we had we may have been put off by the reports about the noise. We were there for one night only and as it was mid week we probably avoided the possible problems associated with parties. We did get some noise during the day coming from the building works below (They are still fitting out the shops under the apartments and I feel we should have been warned of this when we booked) but this was not a problem after about 18:00. The only other negative aspect of our stay was caused by the fact that this is Marlin Apartments not a Hotel. You have to pick up your keys from the Concierge. The entrance is not well signposted and was locked when we arrived. We had to ring the bell for the Concierge and than stood around waiting for quite some time before being let in. We given the keys to an apartment on the first floor. When we booked, we had requested a balcony but the conciege could not confirm that we had one, and in any case stated that they could not change the allocated apartment themselves as they only handed out keys - if we had a problem then we would have to go through the central booking system to get anything changed. Luckily, this proved not to be necessary.Our apartment was very clean and tidy, modern and well equipped (as per other reviews). It had a small balcony, although being on the first floor and facing in to the central courtyard this proved not to be that useful (Ask for an apartment higher up and on the outside if the city view is important to you). The bed was large and comfy. The curtains blocked out the light quite well (although the apartment would benefit from net curtains as the floor to ceiling windows do leave you feeling a bit &quot;on show&quot; ). There was no appreciable street noise. We had an excellent nights sleep.Location was excellent, Tesco Express (Supermarket) is practically on site and open 7:00 till 23:00. There are plenty of bars and restaurants within easy reach with the City centre only 10 minutes walk away.Overall this is an excellent place to stay if you need to be in London for a few days. The price is cheaper than any of the nearby hotels (booked direct with marlin website) and you get more space and better facilities thrown in unless you particulaly like using hotel room service or need an onsite restaurant. The next time we need a place to stay in this area we will definitely have this at the top of our value for money list.	
Jun 12 2008 	Fab apartment - shame about the noise...	I was encouraged by all of the positive reviews on this site and elsewhere, and of the possibility of having some space, and a kitchen, in London, so booked a 1 bedroom flat for the weekend.The apartment itself was fantastic: as everyone has noted, immaculately clean, spacious, well decorated, really everything one could hope for.The major downside for me was the noise. The building itself is extremely badly soundproofed, with very heavy fire doors, both going into the apartment, and within the apartment itself, which meant we could hear everyone coming back, etc. Some of the apartments also look out onto a courtyard, and even on the fifth floor, it's possible to hear people speaking in normal voices down below.Secondly, possibly because of the size of the apartments, there seemed to be a lot of people who had come for the weekend to party, and spend a lot of time going back and forth between each other's apartments until well past 2. I read on another site that these apartments are popular with hen and stag nights...Finally, on the other side of the courtyard are apartments that are rented out long term. There was a very loud party in one apartment that went on throughout the night and into the next morning. When I went down, at 4:30 to complain about the noise, I was told that the management could do nothing about it, but I could call an environmental health number myself so that they could measure the decibels over the phone from the apartment, which seemed like a bit of a faff. I asked to be moved to another apartment, and was told that the people at the front desk could only hand out keys, and I'd need to contact Marlin Apartments during office hours the next day.So I felt it was a real shame, as the apartment was ideal, but after two sleepless nights, I'd think again next time. I'd be curious to know if the other Marlin apartments in London suffer from the same problems or not.	
Jun 2 2008 	Amazing Value for Money	We booked this apartment on a last minute whim the day before. We got an excellent rate for a deluxe 1 bedroom apartment. The apartment itself was incredibly modern and clean and the facilities were great. The rooms were all clean and well decorated with flat screen TV's in both rooms, the lounge had Sky + and a dvd player and the bedroom had Sky Multi Room. Our only disappointment was that we were only there for 1 night!!!!!It was excellent value for money and a great location for exploring an off the beaten track area around Borough High Street. The views were excellent and north facing so at night it was fab to see the London Eye, Oxo Tower and St Pauls all alight.	
May 29 2008 	Great apartments great location	Overall this is a brilliant option in London. Really close to Thames path and Borough Market. Some tips;- There is a car park underneath, you have to book in advance but worth it. - There is a Tesco also underneath so brilliant for getting dinner in- There is internet connections in the rooms so bring your laptop so you can do stuff like research restaurants while you're there - v useful- Reception is very random and not hotel like - when I arrived it was chaos, rude staff, dirty, and a foreign lady who couldn't speak English checking people in and wearing jeans and trainers. Very odd. - Seems very popular with hen and stag dos so don't go if you want a 'premium hotel experience' - it's a block of really nice apartments and that's what it is. We loved it and for the price, why would you go anywhere else. We wished we had time to just stay there and chill out. Amazing view over London and your own crash pad in town. Brilliant.	
May 9 2008 	Great apartment and good price	Paid £99 direct through their website which was cheaper than anywhere else on the web. Good location, just 2 mins from Borough tube and 10 mins from London Bridge. Apartment was modern and very well equipped. Only problem we had was trying to get the hot water on without heating the apartment. I would definately stay again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Why stay in a hotel when you can have an apartment?!	booked directly with marlin apartments, got a great deal on a 1 bed premier apartment. it had everything we needed fully furnished and very stylish. Only regret is that we only used the apartment to sleep in, would have liked to have stayed there longer to enjoy the experience. As the Borough Market is so close it would have been good to get some fab food and wine and take it back to enjoy.... why spend £200+ on a hotel room when you can have an entire apartment for half the price!! highly recommended to anyone going to london, business or personal	
Jan 16 2008 	Excellent Value for money	We stayed at the Empire Square Marlin apartments, these are ideally situated a 5 minute walk from Borough tube station. They are easy to find, and amazing value for money. We paid £117.00 per night through late rooms, but you can book direct on their own website for £99 in Jan. Oh well! The apartments do not look out onto the city which their website shows, but ours did look out onto the internal square which was still pleasant. Who spends all day looking out of the window in London anyway?!?. The apartment was very clean, brand new, had a dining area, kitchen, bedroom, lounge with flat screen TV and sky, bathroom, Molton Brown toiletrees (bonus!) and a store cupboard for ironing board and iron. A real funky trendy home from home, it felt like our own little city apartment. A 10 minute walk from London Bridge. There is 24 hour security and an office on site through the day. There is a Tesco express under the apartments which is really handy for essentials. Ace will definately return in the summer. Loved it alot.	
Jan 11 2008 	Amazing experience	I stayed there early Jan and booked a '1 bedroom premier' direct from the marlinapartments.com web site. Always do this - it's much cheaper than laterooms.com or other offers and they have a price guarantee.Before, my experience of London hotels was a small-ish room en suite which can easily cost up to £80-90 if you don't reserve it early.The marlin apartments are very easy to find - it's the stunning building opposite the Borough tube station. The concierge is quick and efficient and you get a key fob to the main apartment entry + a key for the room. You will need ID for check-in which could have been a pain but I always carry some.The apartment was absolutely stunning. There is:- a bathroom with a good strong shower and molton brown toiletries.- an open plan kitchen with dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, oven + hood, fridge-freezer- open plan dining area and lounge with LCD tv, satellite (no movies / sports) and DVD player.- a bedroom with fitted wardrobesThe whole place is spotless and beautifully cleaned. If you are arriving late, there is a complimentary set of snacks including crisps, chocolate, nuti-grain bar, cereal for one, cup-a-soup and a pasta snack as well and tea &amp; coffee. You get lots of cutlery, a toaster, a kettle, a coffee filter (filter coffee not supplied).The windows are floor to ceiling in the main room and the views from 6th floor up are stunning as the apartments are higher than surrounding place at this point.Overall a stunning luxury experience at London prices.	
Jan 8 2009 	Assolutamente consigliato!!!		
