Nov 25 2009 	"Don't judge a book by its cover"	If you look on the hotel's own website, you will see that the public rooms are beautiful. However, the bedrooms leave a lot to be desired. We first became alarmed when the lift door opened and the opposite wall was about two foot away. Our room was small, and whilst the bedding and surfaces were clean, the carpet was not. The attached photos will show exactly how shabby the room was, and as for the bathroom - we have cupboards at home which are bigger. Open the door and immediately in front of you is a tiny sink, completely inadequate for doing anything more that rinsing one's hands. To the left was a shower tray and to the right, a toilet. From front to back it measured no more than two feet (60cms). We were told at reception that all the rooms were the same. The only thing going for it is it's location and a pleasant staff.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good value and great location	The hotel is located just one block from Paddington and few minutes walk to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. You cannot get better location than that especially if arriving by train at Paddington. Our room was small as it is usual the case for most of the hotels along Sussex Gardens but suited us nicely. The toilet/shower room was also small but everything was very clean. The beds were adequate but the pillows a bit on the hard side. Breakfast was exactly the same for the three days we stayed at the hotel and you get tired of it after day 2. It is buffet style and they provide two types of cereal, tin fruit salad, some dry fruit, apple and orange juice, cheese and ham, scrambled eggs, sausage and baked beans, toast (white and brown), butter and one type of jam. They could at least try to vary the breakfast options in consecutive days ( I guess it doesn't take much to change the sausage for bacon every other day or add a different type of bread. Staff in reception were friendly and efficient. The hotel has one computer that guests can use free of charge (don't know if they have wireless). Compared to other hotels nearby, this was adequate and good value. I would stay there again.	
Nov 7 2009 	Decent budget hotel in convenient location	We weren't expecting luxury at the Westpoint's relatively low rates in an expensive city, but we were pleased with the Westpoint. The location, a block from Paddington Train Station and Underground and near Hyde Park, is its biggest plus. Rooms are tiny - no room for large suitcases! - but spotlessly clean and are adequate for travellers who don't plan to spend much time at the hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location- room a little small but location location	Nice lobby- we were in a triple room which was one double bed and one single.. not much room but did have a bathroom with a shower (small) but didn't have to share. Room was hot so they gave us a fan and we managed quite fine.. they also have an elevator which is great vs a lot of hotels in London. Breakfast good - but busy.Best part of hotel was location at Paddington Station - you can go anywhere from this stop...Price reasonable $110 pounds per night.. but then again where is it cheap in London.	
Sep 17 2009 	Clean Friendly and Close to the Tube.	I stayed here for nine nights on first arriving in England and with it being so close to Paddington Station and a number of different small cafes and restaurants it was excellently positioned and well priced for one person. The room was small and the bathroom tiny but given that all I was doing there was sleeping it wasn't a problem. It may have been a bit more squishy with two people, but for one it was fine. The included breakfast was decent and good enough to get me going every morning. The staff were all friendly and everything was always keep neat and clean. The only thing that was perhaps slightly annoying was that you had to hand in you key before leaving the hotel, obviously so you don't loose it, not a big hassle but it did require a detour to the front desk before leaving or on returning.	
Aug 31 2009 	Impressive Outside 	I booked this hotel for one night as a base for a get together with my mum and sister. We wanted somewhere close to Paddington allowing us to hop on the tube and get to St Pancreas stn relatively easily so from that respect it was perfect. Upon arrival the hotel looks very grand and the lobby is impressive too...unfortunately thats where it ends! We had a triple room on the fourth floor which was very dated, the windows weren't very secure and the bathroom was tiny...thankfully we are all fairly petite.For one night as a base we really couldn't grumble as the beds were comfy and linen clean. The stay did include breakfast which thankfully we didn't expect anything impressive given the price..we popped our heads in the door looked at the soggy toast, had a quick sip of sweet apple juice and heeaded for Starbucks!I can also note the parking is very cheap only £10 for 24/hrs	
Aug 8 2009 	Never again!!! Awful!	In August 2009 we visited this hotel for the second time. This was a complete disaster in contrast to the first visit (October 2007). They gave us a very small room next to the breakfast room. There was no airconditioning and it was incredibly hot in the room. At 7.30 in the morning we woke up due to the noise from the housekeepers and the doors from the breakfast room that were constantly slammed open and closed. Due to the heat in the room we opened te window, however the housekeeper just closed the window from te outside again! Next, the housekeeper tried to open our room even though you would think they know there are people in the room! After trying to come in with the key, she realised there were people in the room. Since we were wide awake by then, (8 o'clock in the morning) and the heat was unbearable, we showered (in the very tiny bathroom) just to get away from this terrible hotel as soon as possible. While checking out we complained at the front desk. However, the staff did not care at all. After doubting for a long time they told us they could not do anything. They did not understand what our problem was and no matter what had happened, we wouldn't get a refund or discount or whatsoever anyway. The only thing we could do was fill in a complaints form. After asking how this would help us they funnily said: nothing! We told them this was our second time visiting their hotel (they don't care about that either) and that we would never come back again. Another thing they didn't care about at all. Apparently they believe there are enough other customers anyway.The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is its location. Not even 5 minutes walking from Paddington Station (Bakerloo &amp; District/Circle line). Luckily enough there are many many other alternatives in the same region!! Do not visit this awful awful hotel!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Impressive lobby but basic rooms	As you walk into the hotel your opinion will be that it's highly rich but seeing the room upstairs would give you a bit of disappointment. Rooms are a bit larger than the size of the bed, wardrobe is incorporated inside the wall and the bathroom is a pigeon hole. The beds are comfortable though and well equipped with quilt and fresh sheets. Cleanliness is great but the bathroom is limited. We only had a basic very small hotel soap to use, the shower is stuck to the wall and can' t be handheld and there is no place to move. The whole bathroom is literally not more than 5 tiles square. We had two rooms and they were both the same.Apart from all this, the breakfast is good though the same everyday. It consists of scrambled eggs, cold cuts, cheese, baked beans and sausages. There is also toasted bread with jam and butter available. Internet is free downstairs but you have to get the receptionist' s permission first. The location of this hotel is excellent though. It is very near the Paddington Tube and train station, in fact we travelled both ways by the heathrow connect to the airport and back. This is the best advantage of this hotel. There are also plenty of restaurants where to eat in the area. Basically the hotel is not luxurious but if you only need a good located hotel it is the one for you because the location is really great.	
Jul 12 2009	you would need to be a midget to use the 'bathroom'	this hotel looks fabulous from the outside ;and the lobby is quite impressive with marble floors and crystal chandeliers.This is a facade!The bedrooms are so small you cannot walk around the beds.The bathrooms are a joke;! old fittings and the sink is the size of a caravan one about the size of a kettle!horrible shower curtain wraps around you, yukl! Literally three feet square at most.and there is no way to bend in the shower as it is so narrow,god help anyone even slightly overweight.and if you are over 5' tall,you will be face to face with the shower head.pathetic.the rooms are all the same as we demanded to be changed after the first night and the next room was the same.there is no way two people could unpack as there is not enough space to put everything.don't go there definitely not good value for money.oh and even though it says there are hairdryers,it doesn't mention the £10 deposit! and the tvs are tiny 12&quot;screens without remotes! and parking in the grounds costs at least £10 per day!	
Jul 4 2009 	Save your money	Despite being in a great location, this has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in (including ones in remote Zambia and Ethiopia). The rooms are absolutely tiny, the bathrooms even smaller, and the staff is completely indifferent to their guests. If you are there in summer then the rooms double as saunas! The hotel breakfast is appaling - if you are lucky enough to get scrabbled eggs then you can expect it to come with shells as well! What makes this hotel particularly bad is that there are plenty of alternative hotels to choose from right next door. Based on casual observation, I would say that the Stylotel and Hotel Indigo are far superior alternatives despite being the same price. So avoid West Point at all costs.	
Jun 30 2009 	Just a convenient place to stay for the night	This is the second time that I am staying at Westpoint Hotel, the last time being in 2001. On my recent trip in June 2009, I noticed a decline in the standard of this hotel. First, let me talk about the good points of the hotel - its location. It is only 5 minutes walk to Paddington Station and is therefore very convenient for the Heathrow Express and tube. I had a single room - room 16. It is located between levels 1 and 2 on the mezzanine level. To access it, I had to climb up a flight of stairs and open a fire door before I could get to the door of the room. The fire door opens inwards towards the room door. This made it a bit clumsy getting my luggage into the room as I had to hold the fire door open with my luggage while opening the room door.There was no hair dryer in the room and no TV remote control. Disposable plastic cups were used in the bathroom sink. Only two small cakes of soap were provided - no hair shampoo. As with other traditional hotels in the Paddington area, there was no air-conditioning. Breakfast was in the basement - buffet style. Because it was summer, the hotel was quite full and if you went for breakfast at 8.30 am, you had to wait outside for another guest to vacate the table. At GBP 72 for a single room, it is not really worth the price. You can get a similar hotel in Sussex Gardens area for GBP 50. As I said, the only advantage is its location.	
Jun 28 2009	It could have been better; it could have been worse.	The hotel is in a great location; it's about one block from Paddington station, within walking distance of Hyde Park. The room was adequate, although I would have liked more tea and more milk. The front desk staff was friendly and tried to be helpful, although they often didn't know basic information. Best: location. Least: The breakfast was AWFUL. Next time, I'll just buy breakfast somewhere else.	
Jun 1 2009	OK if all you want is a clean place to sleep...	The Westpoint / Abbeycourt hotel is a real mixed blessing. The best selling point is its location, a block from Paddington Station, down a street of inexpensive, decent restaurants and an excellent, genuine pub (not a tourist trap). It can't be beat for convenience. However...The place reminded me of the old hotels and bedsits where I used to stay in the Bayswater neighborhood of London in the early-mid eighties. Except for the rather tacky (but new) lobby, the decor is definitely Thatcher-era. Worn, but clean. The elevator is one of the slowest I've ever experienced. We stayed in two different rooms. The first was incredibly cramped; I have friends who would have had trouble entering the room or using the bathroom. There wasn't enough room to open a suitcase, except for on the bed-- and these were carry-on sized cases, not full-sized. The second room was slightly less cramped, but on the top floor, and very, very stuffy. Both bathrooms were tight and in so-so condition, with a tiny cracked porcelain shelf over the toilet (!) that was just big enough to put your toothbrush on to dry overnight.Breakfast was as other reviewers have described it-- nothing to write home about-- though I liked the giant koi tank. No one told us that a TV remote could be had for a 10 pound deposit, so we did without, which was a bit of a nuisance. The wi-fi was crap, so overtaxed as to be nearly at a standstill, and really only usable in the lobby anyway. And the fact the the phones are rigged so that you can only make a local call with a phone card (never mind a long distance one) seems petty and mean. All that said, the staff-- with one exception, which I'll get to in a minute-- were sweet, friendly and helpful, and in no way would I blame them for the hotel's failings. Without them, the place would be a hellhole. As it is, it's a serviceable and conveniently located place to crash after a day of sightseeing or a night of partying. But that's all.This formula becomes a problem only when something goes wrong-- which for us, did. My mother lost her bank card at 11pm on a Saturday night, and we discovered that not only was it impossible to reach an operator from the hotel &quot;phones,&quot; even with a five pound phone card, but the guy who was staffing the front desk either did not speak English or was incredibly stupid. Either way, he gave me a number that turned out to be the emergency ambulance hotline. When I went downstairs to tell him this he looked perplexed, then just shrugged. We ended up having to get dressed again and walk over to Paddington Station at 1 am and use a public phone to place a collect call to Citibank. The next morning I asked the girl at the desk for a white pages so I could find the number of the nearest American Express office, since of course there were no phone books in the rooms. She didn't have one either. Thankfully I'd lugged my computer along and found the office by going online (which took 30 minutes with the hotel's crappy connection.)So-- if you need a reasonably price place to crash, and nothing else, you might consider the Westpoint/Abbeycourt. (I do wonder if the addition of &quot;Abbeycourt&quot; is an attempt to dodge all these negative reviews.) But if you want or need ANYTHING in the way of services or amenities, you should look elsewhere.	
May 29 2009	Great value for money	This was our second visit to the hotel i was there with my daughter inlaw and teenage grandaughter,it was a nice quiet room and plenty big enough for us in the triple room.The breakfast was much improved from our first visit with a good choice,very convenient to the tube and rail stations,very reasonable rates for London,we enjoyed our stay and will visit again.	
May 28 2009 	Great Location and good clean accomodation	Having read other reviews about this hotel I was a little concerned about staying here. We stayed for 3 days and I have no complaints. The staff were friendly and very efficient. (Even suggesting that we sort our bill the night before leaving to avoid the morning queue.) The rooms were clean and breakfast more than adequate for the price that you pay. The location is fantastic. Being close to Paddington station was great. Made sightseeing using the underground easy. Great value for money considering that your in London.	
Apr 27 2009 	basement room	i have been here 3 days ago wit my two friend and we booked triple room. We came to the hotel at about 4. a.m morning. Building and lobby are very nice, night receptionist was very nice and gave to us our key. Our room was on downstairs with view to laundry and front of the window was wall. One day was there a man who made horrible sound under our window. Our window was possible open only 30cm up! This room was very small and furniture was so old. This room wasnt from 3stairs hotel!!!Our shower was so small and shower flood was very low. When we wanted made a shower it stayes very long so we called to reception and we wanted change a room but recetionist said we must wait till the morning. Ok. In th emorning we came to the reception and other receptionist said it is problem and its possible stay our luggage in luggage room and they try to solve this problem. But we need a shower and she gave us other room and said we can to use this shower.It was horrible, because this shower wass worse like first. So at about 20 minutes came technic man and repair the shower. It was horrible night/morning. Breakfast was very poor. But this hotel has a very good location near the paddington and HYde PArk. Thats all	
Apr 6 2009 	Best part of the Hotel was the foyer	My wife and I have travelled a bit over the past few years, and this Hotel would be the worst place we've ever stayed at. The room was so small we had nowhere to place our luggage except on the floor next to the bed in front of the bathroom door. This was a major hazard during the night. Carpet was thread-bare, the bathroom so small I had to leave the door open to shower and sit on the loo!! The lift was out of action regularly and you had to walk down steep stairs to the dining room for breakfast. Speaking of breakfast - it was disgusting - self serve cold scrambled eggs floating in water plus a selection of cold processed meats. We found this place in a London Guide book - looked great on paper but was anything but. Don't waste your money.	
Mar 30 2009 	What a terrible place	First of all, you have to pay a 10 pound deposit if you want a remote control for the TV..... What is that all about? A nice little racket going on there I bet, when lots of guests forget to return their remote to the reception.Secondly, after about 8am the hotel had no hot water..... Just what you need a cold shower at 8:30 every morning.It may be cheap, but it's not that cheap - cost is no excuse for dreadful customer service. Yet another London hotel to score off my ever-growing list of places to avoid like the plague....	
Mar 4 2009 	Great budget hotel	I read alot of reviews on this hotel before i stayed and have just had another look through as i have booked another stay there this month. I have to say, there are a mixed bunch of good and bad reviews on this hotel but the one thing people should bear in mind is that this is a cheap (well, for london) hotel in the centre of the city, close to paddington station. Yes, the rooms are quite limited in respects of space and i have to admit the shower was a bit of a squeeze! BUT, the staff were helpful and the rooms were kept clean and tidy after being serviced everyday.I come to London to attend the theatre, see the attractions and to shop, so all i needed was a place to lay my head at night and at such a cheap rate, this hotel was perfect. So, for anyone who reads a bad review on this hotel, bear in mind that this is a budget hotel in the centre of the city. I did not go there expecting excellent facilities.	
Jan 9 2009	Lousy	I first stayed at this hotel in 2001, and have done so everytime that I have been back to London. However, the attitude of the hotel has changed dramatically over this time, and I will NEVER stay there again. Maria the manageress, or so she calls herself is arrogant and does the freindly British image no favours. I will attempt to find out who the MD of this hotel group is and I will express in no uncertain terms my disappointment of this hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Westpoint Hotel Small Rooms Small Price	This hotel is very low cost, we paid only 89 pounds for two people. You get what you pay for. The room was extremely small. My husband called the shower (no tub) &quot;the phone booth&quot;. Absolutely no space to lay out your toiletries in the bathroom. The bars of soap were super small. The shower has a wire rack for the soap tray. The soap kept falling through the tray. Our suitcases could only be opened on the bed. We did get a double bed and a twin, which was nice. They use every inch of room in the hotel, which makes the room placement interesting. Our room was on the first floor, but actually it was on floor 1/2. You could climb stairs at the end of the lobby and reach it (after opening a couple of doors) or take the elevator to the first floor go down to the end of the hall and go around a corner and down several stairs to reach it. It was difficult to deal with our large luggage since there was no way to reach the room without stairs in some direction. The room overlooked the back of the hotel and a very old roof. Breakfast was included in the price, which was a plus. But the breakfast is the same each day: a basket of toast/butter/jam, a slice of ham and cheese, cornflakes or rice crispies, coffee, apple juice or fruit punch. Boring after 5 days. Location is a couple block from Padding, easy to find. Hotel is actual 3 different hotels, everyone eats together. They had 2 very old PCs near the lobby for internet access. Not enough for everyone, so you had to wait in line. Only available 8:30 am to 10 pm. Really good if you are on a tight budget.	
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent choice for the price!!!	I booked my reservation on the hotel's website, because they provided a much better rate. I must confess that I was a little concerned due to the many mixed reviews I read on different websites. I stayed at the Westpoint for six nights. The hotel could not have had a better location. It was only two minutes from Paddington Train and Tube stations and in a safe and nice area. I was lucky to get a room that did not face the two major streets (London St. and Sussex Gardens). Even though my room was indeed small, it was also very clean. The twin bed was very comfortable and linens were clean. The bathroom was small, but recently remodeled. It had a new shower, toilet, and sink. Walls and ceiling had tiles. The room was cleaned, garbage taken out, and towels changed every single day. I also had a TV, not with many channels, but I did not go to London to watch TV or sleep.The breakfast was simple (cereals, toasts, ham, and cheese), but acceptable. It could improve by adding some yogurts and fruits, but I guess it will increase the rate. It was not a big deal for me. The entire staff was courteous, polite, helpful, and friendly. And that includes reception, the breakfast room, and housekeeping. The best feature of the hotel is: location, location, location!!!!!I will stay at the Westpoint again without any hesitation.	
Jun 14 2008 	The Pits	I stayed at this 'hotel' for two nights with my partner and will never return to this hotel even if i was paid to stay there. I travel all over the world with my job and have stayed in mostly 3 star hotels but this hotel is by far the worst. The room was very small and dated that no amount of cleaning would make it welcoming, the toilet was very small and the toilet door when closed was very difficult to open and when flushed the toilet kept running, the shower base was sealed with duck tape and the water had no pressure even though we were on the first floor! The tv had no remote control. The continental breakfast consisted of cornflakes, apple juice, cold toast and tea or coffee. The cooked breakfast was just as bad and tasteless. The Hotel staff were less than helpfull and even though we handed our key into reception before 9am when we returned to the hotel at 1530hrs to get ready for our evening event our room was not madeup.BE WARNED AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS!	
Jun 1 2008 	Great Location	Very nice hotel, friendly service and breakfast (important) included. Booked for 3 nights w/ internet prices. Excellent location - in close proximity to Paddington station. Pictures included	
May 7 2008 	Some good.... Some bad....	This was our second visit. We (4 adults) stayed 3 nights Aug./05 and 6 nights April/08. Hotel hasn't changed at all. I'll start with &quot;the good.&quot; Price. Location is fantastic. We used Heathrow Express which is a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station. We also travelled to Oxford and Windsor from Paddington. You can buy &quot;cheap day return&quot; tickets right at station. Numerous trains throughout the day. Don't bother booking head. Hotel is close to St. Pancras and Kings Cross for other trains out of London. There are a couple of tube lines that run through Paddington and most London attractions are a short ride and some are walkable. Lots of restaurants, pubs and shops nearby. Area around the hotel is clean and safe. Check-in and out was efficient, front desk staff helpful. Reception area very nice. Free internet which was usually available. Fairly quiet at night. Rooms, beds and bathrooms were clean. (other than the awful mildew smell of the shower curtain). Beds were old but okay.Now for &quot;the bad.&quot;Maybe 6 nights was a few too many. I don't remember our rooms being so tiny our first visit. We booked 2 twins. One of the rooms looked into a dirty lane/back of hotel. It was very stuffy even with the window open and the outside temp. was only 10 degrees. Ventilation was poor. This room smelled of food cooking (oil and spices) the entire time. The other room was fine since it faced the side of the hotel which is a quiet tree-lined street. One of the rooms had no space for luggage. Hotel uses duvets now which are way too warm. Rugs, wallpaper and paint all need replacement. Phones in room only work with a calling card - even for local calls. Pay phone downstairs is 20p for a minute (local call). Breakfast needs to be mixed up a bit. It was the exact same 3 years ago and its the same every morning. Cornflakes, instant coffee, toast, juice. Every table gets a few slices of really bad ham and okay cheese. Its the same every morning. Breakfast service is efficient and friendly. No complaints there. Cancellation policy is 7 days. People continue to smoke in rooms. We smelled cigarette smoke regularly in the halls. The smell woke me up at 4:00 a.m. so I called the front desk. They try (but not to hard) to &quot;track&quot; it down. I looked out my window and saw a woman smoking in the room adjacent, holding the cigarette out the window. The smoke was wafting into our room. She quickly &quot;butted out&quot; when I told her to &quot;put that cigarette out please!&quot; Management should be more diligent and not leave it up to guests to police this problem. A quick walk throughout the hallways on a regular basis is all they need to do. I would stay in this hotel again, (for a few nights) and request a room that does not face the lane. The location and price cannot be beat. P.S. If you want good (cheap) Thai food and a large variety of beer, try The Churchill Arms on Kensington Church Street. The pub is very popular and there's a Thai restaurant at the back. Rick Steves London book recommended it and we're glad we went.	
Apr 11 2008 	Don't even think about it....	Three stars??? I really can't see how it got any at all, never mind three. Even describing this establishment as a hotel is stretching the English language beyond its limit and certainly does no justice to all those REAL hotels out there.Stayed here over three nights last month - myself, my wife and our three children (two of them teenagers). I waited a couple of weeks before writing this review because I needed that time to cool down a bit before writing. We booked this place directly with the hotel because it was unclear whether they would accommodate 5 people in a family room. We were assured verbally on the phone that 5 people would not be a problem. Well it wasn't a problem until we got there and tried to check in - we almost had to beg to get them to put an extra bed in the room. Ahhh... the room!!! What a horrible smelly hole in the ground of a room it was. Even without the extra bed in there, you could hardly walk around the beds, though in hindsight, perhaps this was a blessing insofar as it minimized contact with the dirty, dreary carpet on the floor. We were only staying three days so we didn't have too much luggage with us but we still had to &quot;live out of our suitcases&quot; - there was not enough space/storage to facilitate complete unpacking of our one suitcase and a few small bags! This was a disappointing start to our city break. Never mind - we'll go out, get something to eat, walk the streets of London and we won't have to be back here 'til late. Well, we got back later that night and decided to go to the bar to get some quick snacks and drinks. Now, where could they possibly have put it? Aw no, No bar, No restaurant, No Snacks - Nothing! Back to our little hole in the ground - we squinted as we tried to watch a tiny 14-inch TV with only about 5 TV Stations to choose from. The beds were reasonably comfortable and the sheets were clean, but the blankets didn't smell too fresh.  We were woken bright and early next morning by the staff starting their work shift just before 0700. They made quite a loud racket pushing containers and vacuum cleaners around and chatting and laughing so loudly. This turned out to be a daily ritual, and each day it continued for well over an hour.Did I mention the en suite bathroom? Indeed, we had a toilet and shower en-suite, but if you didn't enter the en suite at the correct angle, turning around or manoevering after you were in there was really quite difficult (and I'm not a large person at a mere 176cm/74kg). Oh yes, the shower... the wimpy little dribbly trickle of water that emanated from the shower-head was really quite pathetic - but apart from the discomfort factor of limited water and space, all of us taking a shower took probably three or four times longer than it should have, thereby wasting our valuable sightseeing time. There wasn't even room in there for a shelf over the wash-hand basin on which to keep toothbrushes, razor, etc - they were safely packed back into our bags after each use!! It's breakfast time - We made our way to the breakfast room. One of the walls had a floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall fish tank - this was really gross - the fish were large and ugly; fighting among themselves over bits of gunk in the water, and the tank's murky water looked like it could have come from the Thames itself!. Anyway, we're all very hungry and continental breakfast is complimentary. Well, when I saw it I knew why! The coffee was not freshly brewed - more like a cheap instant coffee from the 70's; the toast was cold and limp and rubbery - so rubbery in fact that I could not bite through it without gnashing. Some bits of &quot;meat&quot; and cheese on a plate were also provided but these too proved to be completely inedible to us. Looking through to the kitchens, I could see a team of people washing dishes in the large sink and drying them - manually!! They didn't even have a dishwasher. By the way, there's a Garfunkels just down the road - they do proper, tasty food and service with a smile. Incidentally, this so-called hotel has no pool, no leisure facilities, no lounge, no security on the baggage room (they lend you the key and you have unmonitored, unaccompanied access to everyone's bags!) no air-conditioning, no shampoo or shower gel in the bathroom (they did provide toilet paper though), no porter to assist with bags, the slowest elevator in the world (I used the stairs with my bags after waiting for 5 minutes), and absolutely nothing to recommend it. I will not darken their door with my presence ever again - not if I was paid to. Frankly, a park bench in nearby Hyde Park is more appealing. If visiting London means you have to stay here; just stay at home - it's simply not worth it.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at the Westpoint for two nights , one before our trip to Paris &amp; one after . Great location to the tube &amp; walking distance to Oxford St &amp; Hyde Park .We have two children &amp; we were all able to stay in one room along with two big suitcases &amp; backpacks.Room &amp; Bathroom were clean &amp; staff very friendly &amp; helpful.Continental breakfast was included &amp; very nice , cereal , toast ( you can get extra if you want ) ham &amp; cheese etc...One good point was the baggage holding facility , they give you a key to put any suitcases etc..in the locked room for as long as you want , this comess in handy if you checkout &amp; want to see some London sights before departing the city Overall , very good value for Money ...	
Jan 4 2008 	WOULD NOT STAY AGAIN EVEN IF IT WAS FOR FREE	Stayed there just after Xmas with my husband and daughter in a triple room. The room was so small we could not unpack as there was no where to put the suitcases never mind our clothes! The bathroom was miniscule and the entire room was dingy. Paint was peeling off of the walls, the furniture looked like someone had found it in a tip and the room was surrounded by mirrors which gave the whole room a grotty bedsit feel!! The temperature in the room was so cold my husband was ill for a week after leaving! We were given the key for another room - but hey it worked anyway!! Secure or what!! The location is great but it is worth paying that bit extra and with so many hotels in the same area I would never stay there again!!	
Dec 5 2007 	good price and great location	I stayed at this hotel in April 2006. My wife and I in one room and parents in another room. We found the location very convenient, train from Heathrow to Paddington Station and a couple blocks to walk.The rooms were clean, small but comfortable. The bed was confortable and perfect after a transatlantic flight. Beware that european hotel rooms are small and that the bed takes up most of the room. The price was about $100 USD and quite a bargain compared to other hotels in London. Thr front desk was efficient and helpful. The breakfast was adequate and we supplemented some from the produce stand.We did worry about the location until we arrived, found the area to be busy residential and very close to Hyde park, 5-7 blocks away. With paddington just blocks away you can catch the tube to anywhere.Highly recommend this establishment when you seek a budget room and are not trying to impress anyone! The lobby was quite nice and welcoming.	
Sep 22 2007	Never stay at the Westpoint!!	I just got home from my stay at the WestPoint and I swore that the first thing I'd do when I got back would be to write this warning for other people. So here it is. Where can I start...When I arrived at the WestPoint they sent me up to my room where I was shocked to see the size of the room. There was a double bed and nothing else. Barely enough room to walk around the outside of the bed, I'm not joking. It was nothing like it looked in pictures I had seen on their website. It was a truly cramped and horrible room. Having been in the room for about 30mins a staff member burst into our room without knocking apparently looking for something. He didn’t find it, nor did he ask us if it was alright if we let him look around. 10mins later another staff member came in looking for something, I presume the same object but they never told us. Then 10mins later another one came in. They were completely rude, never knocked to come in and never apologised. Later that night I hoped in bed to watch some TV and drift off. The TV had no remote...In the morning we were awoken by someone looking to clean our room. Once again they didn’t knock but the thing that really annoyed me about this was that it wasn't even checkout time yet!! I looked around the room for a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign but there wasn’t one...30mins later and again without a knock someone barged into the room again...So I got up and went down to reception and made a complaint. I said that because I have had a cleaner steal something from my room in the past I didn't want my room to be cleaned. And that I was sick of staff coming into my room without knocking. I went out for the day and when I came back someone had cleaned my room. I had been totally ignored…The breakfast was extremely budget and ordinary....I told reception that I urgently needed to use the internet in the morning. I went down in the morning but the internet was not working. They were very unhelpful in getting it fixed and I missed my deadline...All in all this was truly the worst stay I have ever had. Avoid at all costs.	
Aug 20 2007 	Loved the Westpoint	I stayed here for 10 days and thought the hotel was outstanding. The staff were extremely helpful - more so than any of the other hotels that I stayed in during my trip. More than anything, this hotel offers tremendous value for money. It was far cheaper than anything else in its class and cheaper than most of the other hotels in Paddington; we got the book-early internet deal which was great.The breakfast was fine and kept us going well into the day. The bedrooms are not large, but we were told to expect that in Central London. It is extremely clean and the location is brilliant. It is close to Paddington station, which is where we took the train to from Heathrow and there are 2 tube stations nearby.Overall, this hotel far exceeded my expectations - and they were high!	
Aug 4 2007 	The only good thing is the location	A friend and I stayed at the hotel in July 2007. The only good thing I can say is that the location was excellent - very close to Paddington Station and a stop of the Big Bus Company. We stayed there for 3 nights and the bed sheets weren't changed at all, the windows didn't stay open and it was very hot. The breakfast was the worst continental I have ever had (1 slice of ham each, 1 slice of cheese, 1 cereal to choose from and toast). To make it worse, they pre-authorised the charge for both of us for the entire stay on one Visa without explaining that it acutally freezes the money. We had intended paying in cash, but they insisted on doing this. So when we went to use our Visa, the money was frozen!	
Jul 11 2007 	Affordable hotel close to Hyde Park	I always go to Westpoint hotel. The hotel is located next to Kensington and Hyde Park gardens, in a pretty area. Paddington station is less than a 5 minutes walk from the hotel, and because Heathrow express arrives to that station, it is really convenient. The rooms are very tiny, but it is clean, the price is affordable and I love the location. It was re-modeled a few years ago. Breakfast is not included, but it is available for about 2 pounds, to be paid at the front desk before proceed downstairs to the restaurant. Rooms have bathroom with shower, A/C and TV. We paid for a room for 2, 58 pounds/night ( USD 110 ). Price is between 29-33 pounds per person for a double room and 49-52 for a single, less for triple and family rooms. They have always special, worth to check their web	
Jul 5 2007 	good value	the westpoint is a nice hotel in a great location and a great value. the room size is consistent with London hotels and the layout of our room was very manageable -- the room was much more usable than the room of the same size in the Quality Hotel Paddington where we stayed later in our trip.There is free internet available on two computers behind the front desk, from 9am until 10pm. it is great because its free, although the connection and computers are a little slow. There are also 2 internet cafes between the hotel and Paddington train station which have reasonable rates.There are lots of places to eat nearby, and the room rate includes breakfast of toast, butter, jellies, and 1 slices of ham, and cheese per person. also coffee, tea, juice and corn flakes.We found the hotel clean and pleasant. It has the feeling of an old pair of shoes: some wear in places, old carpet, etc. the floor in our room was somewhat unlevel; we guessed it was on the joint between two original townhomes that were connected to make the hotel.Summary: If you are interested in enjoying the London sites without paying a fortune, this is a great place to return to at night.	
Jun 24 2007 	bleh	The rooms were small but that is to be expected. whats not to be expected.... the smell it smelled very musty and just hope you don't get one of the rooms in between floors very difficult to get in and out of with bags. The staff was ok not the greatest but not horrible either. The best part of this hotel was the location, it is 2 blocks away from paddington underground station which will get you all over the city. Also paddington is where the heathrow express runs which is very convenient.	
Jun 2 2007	A Great Little Find in Paddington	We refer to this hotel as the Abbey Court Westpoint Hotel, because as you may have noticed upon researching it, that the 2 are indeed the same hotel. The hotel was the typical small hotel in London, however many things made it stand out as being not so typical. While its outside is the same white front with columns as you will see down many roads in London, its inside is what makes it stand out. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Everyday our beds were made, bathrooms cleaned, and we were given fresh towels, which is not something you will always find in Europe. The rooms were very clean, rooms and hallways were a little small, but that is to be expected. Other great things the hotel offered was free internet access which was a surprise to us, but very helpful. As well as complimentary breakfast every morning, nothing too exciting just toast, dry cereal, juice, and coffee, but it was a great start to long days and its nice to have something free when the pound is the equivalent of $2. The hotel also offers a great, safe location. It is a very short walk to Paddington station, both tube and train, and it also has a great variety of restaurants and shops right around the corner. My personal favorites, San Marco Ristorante if you want Italian, and Garfunkels if you want something a little more American. My one and only complaint is the lack of Air Conditioning in the rooms, but that as well is to be expected in most London hotel rooms. There is a nice sized window in each room, but sometimes I wished it would have been a lot cooler in the room. But even the Sheraton Hotel right next to Buckingham Palace that we stopped to go to the bathroom at, didn't have air conditioning. So it is something you will just have to deal with. So without A/C in consideration I would give this hotel a 5 star rating for sure. You just can't beat a good deal, with great staff and great location. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Abbey Court Westpoint Hotel, and eat at the restaurants I mentioned above. You won't regret any of them.	
May 15 2007 	Run run run!	Me and my husband were supposed to spend our Easter weekend at this scary place, as I had booked a room from 5th to 8th April.The pictures on the hotel web-site were quite nice, the rooms looked simple but OK.At our arrival we got very pleased by the sight of the reception: a beautiful, quite spacious hall with crystal lamps and plants, statues... even a fountain in the middle! We checked-in with a smile, got a key with a huge yellow plastic rectangular key-ring (to say that IT HAS TO BE left at the reception every time you go out... like a MOTEL?!). They told us our room was at the floor B, which sounded a bit strange actually... but we soon found out what it meant: BASEMENT.The room was tiny, incredibly tired and dark - as the window was almost blinded by a wall less than a meter away! Being even claustrofobic, I felt bad and had to leave immediately.We asked to upgrade the room, or evt. get a suite. There was nothing available, except a room at the first floor... which was more or less in the same condition. Stains on the floor, cracked walls, dirt in the corners. We had to spend a night there, as it would have been impossible to find another place straight away (+ we would have lost the money of the first night!). The bed was quite clean... if it wasn't for some little disgusting human hair here and there on the pillow and on the woolly blanket. The &quot;bathroom&quot; was so small that it was almost impossible to move, the base of the shower was sealed with some kind of melted metal (lead, maybe...?). Never seen anything like that.We ran away the next day, and happily found the beautiful Hotel Royal Lancaster - which saved our holiday.ps. Beware! When we checked in, they reserved (blocked!) on our credit card the sum for the whole period - and that got released only 10 days after!!!!	
Apr 7 2007	Better than expected	I was a little nervous from the mixture of comments on here but I just returned from a week's stay at Westpoint and thoroughly enjoyed it. Was in a single room and YES, they are small, as they are all over Europe, but it was clean and passed my &quot;3 check&quot; test......decent toilet paper, thick/fluffy towels &amp; cleanliness. It scored high on all 3. The staff were very friendly &amp; it is in a great location. Would definitely stay there again	
Mar 21 2007 	Overall I'd reccommend this hotel	Overall you get what you pay for. Our stay was an enjoyable experience. The hotel is expensive but no more than anything similar and the location is fantastic. The rooms were small but had everythng you need and were clean. Breakfast was adequate.A big advantage is their own parking which is much cheaper than you'd pay at an NCP car park.I'd read alot of other reviews prior to booking saying the staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. I thought they were friendly enough but not one of them was a very good english speaker whilst I was there for 3 days, because of this language barrier I would not reccommend relying on being able to get information on the area etc from the hotel.	
Feb 7 2007	Clean Convenient Budget	My husband and I stayed here for a week between Christmas and NYE. The rooms are small, cramped even and quite well-used. The furnishings, bed and rug look a bit grubby. The rooms can be loud especially if you have one facing the street. The TV is indeed prison-style. That said, it is cheap and very convenient for transport. The neighborhood is not exciting but it does give a great jumping off point and seemed relatively safe. Our room was clean when we arrived and well-cleaned every day. We were provided with fresh bedding and towels daily. The staff was helpful and enthusiastic and the hotel looked nice from the outside. I wouldn't stay here if I had a lot more money but I don't and if you are considering this hotel you probably don't either. This is a fine choice for a budget traveller.	
Dec 31 2006	Poor Hotel	Good location but overall a pretty poor hotel. Cramped room with nowhere to sit. Small TV mounted &quot;prison cell&quot; style high up on the wall. Rather grubby furnishings and &quot;prison blanket&quot; style bedding. Reception staff were friendly enough but restaurant staff were not at all and many could not speak English. Avoid.	
Dec 26 2006	Location is Superb	My family and I stayed in a triple in this property.PROS:- location which is very central and pleasant- property looks very nice from the outside- reasonable rate- room was overall cleanCONS:- room was very small, had barely enough space to move around and not all of us at the same time ...- bathroom was cupboard size, I have never seen something as small as that, very difficult to get into the shower ....- staff basically foreign with very limited command of the language and a terrible accent .... except at front desk - breakfast the worst I have ever had, not worth the money, forget it, on top of that stupid system of having to buy a ticket at the front desk if you want a traditional breakfast with eggs etc ... with a waiting time of 30 minutes and waitress absolutely hopelessNOT A BAD PLACE ALTOGETHER IF YOU ARE A MIDGET AND DON'T MIND WAITING AGES FOR A MISERABLE COOKED BREAKFAST	
Oct 26 2006 	Decent place	Our family (2 adults and 3 year old child) recently stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel was clean and basic, with no frills. We took the rail from Oxford to London and were surprised at how close the hotel was to Paddington station. So we decided to take the Heathrow Express train to the airport, instead of booking a cab from the hotel. Works very well unless you are physically unable to walk distances.Hotel staff were very friendly and attentive. We can't comment on the breakfast because we ended up having breakfasts at a cafe just around the corner from the hotel.Our room was clean. Yes, everything was small and hallways very narrow compared to North American standards, but we had a triple room, so it wasn't a problem. Just be aware that the rooms only have soap in the bathrooms, so bring your own shampoo, etc.From the hotel, we walked to Hyde Park, Kensington Park, Natural Science Museum, Princess Diana Memorial Playground, etc. Not short walks, but works well when you have a young child with you. Overall, we were quite pleased with the hotel and the location.	
Oct 13 2006 	Good quality-price	My trip started at the Igar Hotel (pls check review) with a horrible experience (we were robbed by someone inside the hotel, probably the staff, if this word can be applied to these people)-. We then moved to the Abbey West point, taht had a great deal and wonderful location in Paddington. We needed to find a real reception, with real professionals and giving us a real -minimum - sevice, and the Abbey Wespoint made it possible. Paying 68 punds/night we got a small bedroom with shower+WC (small but clean and comfortable) and enjoyed very much our stay in London. I would recommend people who is looking for a budget-medium price hotel to go there.	
Aug 30 2006 	I reccomend it!	I stayed at the Westpoint hotel from August 18 to August 23 2006 and I am planning to stay here next time I will visit London.I have done a very thorough research on the web for the hotel that would be on good location &amp;not too expensive but still decent, and I have chosen the Abbeycourt Hotel because I liked the pictures of the rooms on the website of the hotel. When I made a reservation for the single room, I got the reservation for the Westpoint Hotel, so I didn't understand....but when I came there, I realised that on the hotel building there were written names of both hotels...it was the same thing. Anyway, my room was really pretty, very clean and parfumed, with tea/coffee and water heater next to bed (for free), TV...The bathroom was also very clean with lots of white towels, and small - suitable for me because I'm slim...but I guess that a very heavy person would not feel comfortable in the shower. I was very happy with continental breakfast. My plan was to check the first day with the continental breakfast, and switch to full English breakfast for 3 pounds more in case I wouldn't be satisfied. But, continental breakfast was really excellent - too much for me alone really, so I didn't need the full breakfast. I had cornflakes, orange juice, coffee, bread, toast, butter, marmelade, one slice of cheese and 2 slices of ham (enough for one big sandwich). I think it's really too much for ladies. :-)What I really feel I need to point out here is that the staff was EXCELLENT!. Every single person working at the hotel was so friendly, kind, sweet...they were all smiling in a very natural and sophisticated way, and I felt so welcomed and at home. Sandra, Croatia	
Aug 1 2006 	loved it!	I 1st visited London in 2001, ever since i go back every year and each time i stay at the westpoint hotel. I just spent 9 nights there and as usual i was very satisfied with the place. This year the staff was even nicer than the previous years, i was very impressed to see how kind and helpful they ALL were, especially of the brazilian staff at the reception. For the price and the location i couldn't ask for a better place to stay. Maybe the bathroom are a bit small, but to be honest i didn't have much problems with it anyway. The breakfast was good enough for my tastes, i always got enough food to not feel hungry till noon.In the room we had tea and coffee making facilities, which was a great thing to have! I will keep on chosing this hotel for my future trips to London.	
Jul 15 2006	WESTPOINT GETS POINTS	The Westpoint is handily placed - a stonesthrow from Paddington Station and a short walk to Hyde Park. We stayed three times in May and June 2006 for a total of 11 nights. The rooms are small but comfortable. The Portugeuse and Brazilian staff were always cheerful and went out of their way to be helpful. Free e mail and an adequate included breakfast add points to make this a very acceptable and economical (for London) hotel. We will definitely use the Westpoint again.	
Jul 13 2006	Good value near Paddington Station	My husband, 16 yr old daughter and myself stayed at the Westpoint Hotel 3 separate times during our tour of the UK, Ireland and France, June 19 to July 11/06. Each time the staff was very friendly and helpful. Each stay was a different room with only the second booking for one night only verging on unacceptable. The family room in the basement was hot and stuffy and leaving the window open was risky as it practically opened onto the sidewalk. Ask for an upper floor room. The rooms were small but not overly and the bathrooms were quite reasonable and very clean. The continental breakfast was basic, toast and jam, tea or coffee, and a couple slices of ham and cheese. The full English Breakfast was an additional 3 pounds. There were two computers available for free internet access for hotel guests.The Paddington area has a lot of good features. There is a laundromat around the corner and there are a number of reasonable restaurants and pubs. Also Burger King and Subway for finicky teenagers. The train, underground and bus stops are only a block from the hotel.	
Jun 7 2006	OK but could be better	The location of this hotel is good. Near Paddington station. There are also few bars and restaurants just around the corner. The arear itself is also nice and quiet.The staff is very friendly - which is a big bonus to the hotel. And the rooms are spotlessely clean.Hoewever there are few things that I think let it down.The lobby is very nice, but when you go into your room, you will be a bit disappointed.Bathrooms have been made out of a cupboard (no joke). They are tiny, smallest I've ever seen! Breakfast is really poor. They do not have a buffet table like most of the other hotels. You can help yourself to cornflakes, and then they bring few breadrolls and a half a slice of chees and half slice of ham per person. Surely you could give at least a full slice to each guest..? Basically all you have is bread, butter and jam. Not a 3 star standard.We stayed at this hotel because it had limited car parking at £10/ night. Next time we will come by train and try somewhere else.	
Jun 2 2006	Very nice accomodation	We were 6 persons spending a week end in London; so we slept for 2 nights at this hotel, in 3 double rooms.It is in a very convenient position, close to the center, a few meters far from the underground station.Rooms were clean and comfortable, the service quite good; bathrooms really rather small.I surely will choose it again.	
May 31 2006	Just Fine	I stayed at the Westpoint for 5 nights and it was reasonably comfortable and well-run. My single room on the fourth floor was small, and had a bit of a cigaretty odor left from a previous visitor, but it was very clean and not cramped, except for the bathroom (my knees hit the sink when I sat on the toilet, and I am not particularly tall). The bed was comfy and there was a hairdryer and electric kettle in the room. The breakfast, consisting of all-you-can eat cornflakes, a half-slice of ham, a slice of cheese, and a few bread rolls, kind of sucked but I'm not a huge breakfast person anyway.My major problem was that the walls are a bit thin. Most of the time this didn't bother me, but there was an incredibly loud woman who stopped by to chat with the people staying next door to me three nights in a row, and I could hear every word she said. I ran into this woman in the lobby later and she really was a very loud talker (I never heard a peep out of the people actually staying next door) but the wall scarcely seemed to muffle the sound at all!	
Apr 26 2006	Beware	Stay away from this hotel and its aggressive and violent owner!!! Please read through and decide for yourself. This is long but details are important.We arrived at Abbey Court Westpoint Hotel with our 2 year old and 14 year old sons, on Monday 17th of April right after the Easter weekend. We paid two days in advance (that is half of our stay) because that was the hotel's policy. We had a very horrible experience that made us understand why.  At first we were pleasantly surprised, the location is great, the apartment was well equipped, clean, the cot for the little one was ready.  The bathroom was very hot and we understood that it was because the water in the toilet was boiling hot as funny as it may sound. We reported the problem and were told that it would be taken care of. At around 6:30pm that evening the toilet flush sink cracked and boiling water started to pour down in the bathroom!!! The reception clerk (who was genuinely very nice I must add) came right away and could hardly touch the main tap leading to the sink in order to stop the water because it was so hot. A few minutes later he came back with the owner of the hotel who did not bother to apologize or even say hello for that matter. Because of the late hour and no other apartment available, we were given the key to another room at the end of the hallway to use the bathroom and were told that the problem would be solved first thing in the morning. Not ideal but we understood the situation...Next morning starting from 8:30 until we left a little before 10am, I had to have at least three phone conversations with the new shift at the reception desk re-explaining the problem and asking that the room be usable by 1pm when I would be back with our little one. The best commitment I could get was a very impatient &quot;OK MADAM! I will leave a note to Room Service!!!&quot; Please keep on reading, this is a horror story!!! When I came back with the little one a little before 1:30 pm, and asked for the key to the room, the people at the reception desk could not find it so they told me that the worker was probably still there. I was quite upset because my son had a fever and I wanted to put him to bed as soon as possible. I went to the apartment anyway but the door was locked and the tools of the worker were outside, and he himself nowhere to be found! I went back to the reception and asked again for the key. I understood that they did not want me in there before the work was done. I had to endure 30 minutes of going back and forth and on-going negotiation to get my key. I asked to speak to the manager, he was &quot;on holiday&quot;, I asked to speak to some kind of a person in charge, and that was the lady who had told me coldly that they were doing the best they could when I first asked for the key, and she had gone to lunch leaving me in the lobby with my son… At that point I simply demanded to go into my room and was very generously offered to put my son to bed in another room which I refused because that meant that I still had to go into my room pack some clothes, diapers and transfer his cot. No need to say that I was very upset by then and outraged by the service I received, or the lack of it. I said that I would not pay for that day, that they could call the police if they wanted to but I would not pay! Finally the very-frustrated-reception-clerk agreed to open the door for me, after raising her voice at me and slamming at my face the door of the office leading to the reception desk where she went in order to get the master key. In the meantime the workers appeared at the door and they continued their work while I attended to my son in the living room. This is where the real horror begins...Suddenly, while I was taking my son's temperature with his diapers down, somebody simply barged into the room without even knocking. I recognized the owner of the hotel who I naively thought had come to apologize. He started to shout at me standing very close to me physically and wagging his finger at me, told me if I did not intend to pay I should pick up my things and leave right away. The tone of his voice and his body language were so aggressive that I got really afraid for my son and myself. I asked him to lower his tone, but his answer was that this was his place and he could do whatever he wanted and that the police could not help me. I told him that I did not want to have this discussion in front of the child that we would speak when my husband returned, but he would listen to none of that. He kept telling me that HE would call the police and if I did not leave they would throw all my things out, that they had been very nice to us and that nobody could speak to his staff &quot;that way&quot;. At some point he even ordered the workers to leave the job undone and leave. Trying very hard to stay calm I told him that in the name of Go.d I had not spoken badly to anyone, and that is where things got really ugly. Our address reads Israel, he said &quot;You are using my electricity, you slept here you used my money, what kind of God is this God of yours!!! You pay me right now for the rest of your stay or get out of here…&quot; waving his hand as if he were flicking away a piece of dirt. At some point during all this yelling and shouting (by the owner of the hotel only, because I had to stay calm for the wellbeing of my son), the lady who had gone to lunch (because she is a &quot;human being&quot; unlike myself and my son) came in (without knocking of course) and said that I had indeed not insulted them or called them names or anything but I had been very &quot;harsh.&quot; While the two of them started discussing about our fate! I grabbed the opportunity to call my husband. When he arrived the suitcases were already packed and of course we left that horrible place as quickly as we could. On our way out when my husband asked to speak with the owner of the hotel he was not there and there was only the same junior and very fragile reception clerk. Of course nobody talked about any reimbursement that the owner had mentioned under his breath during his attack. I simply could not bear to stay another minute there anyway, or face those people again, so we left having paid full price for that agony.I was assaulted certainly verbally but also physically, my privacy was violated, and I was robbed… I will most certainly report this ugly event to the authorities.This is my story, what you make of it is up to you. Thank you for your time.	
Apr 16 2006	good location clean no frills	i have stayed at the westpoint a few times.the first time was with family and we had what they called a 'family room.' the rooms are much too small for 4 people. the bathroom is also tiny and the hot water doesnt last long.the second time was to stay for a week. the reception staff were friendly, except for a male member of staff, especially when i had a friend come up and he timed how long we were upstairs. he commented on how we were 5 minutes longer than we said! last time i checked i was a paying guest, not a staff member to be berated!on the whole, clean rooms, even if it takes until 3pm to make the beds, and great location. wouldnt stay here again, would rather try one of the others in sussex gardens like the queensway.	
Mar 2 2006	Convenient good value pleasant stay	We had a week in London, and another two nights later in our trip. The Abbey Court/Westpoint hotel is just a block away from the Paddington Station, where the Heathrow Express terminates. The hotel's front of house area has been upgraded, and although many of the rooms have not, the rooms we had were clean, comfortable, and nicely warm for mid-winter. The included continental breakfast was simple but plentiful. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, and although one could call some of the room decor a little dated it was efficient, clean and good value. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant, but there are lots of eateries in the area. For a good inexpensive meal, try Mimo's a little cafe round the corner in Londn Street!	
Jan 26 2006	Great place.	I booked this hotel quickly when I came to London to see Guys &amp; Dolls and didn't know what to expect! What a nice surprise! A completely charming hotel with a friendly staff, cozy comfortable rooms and a brilliant location close to Paddington station, I can’t wait to stay here again when I return to London in December. The staff was kind the rooms were neat and clean but on the small side, and the beds were comfortable and the breakfast was tasty. The location was also close to many nice restaurants. I’d recommend it.	
Aug 29 2005	Great value Great location!	I have stayed at this hotel twice. The first time it was called &quot;Abbey Court Hotel&quot;, but now is called the Westpoint. My main reason for choosing it was the location and the price. The price is great for London (especially this area of London) and the location is wonderful. The Paddington tube stop is about a block away and the hotel is in the Hyde Park area, within walking distance to many sights and near several gorgeous parks. The neighborhood is charming, with tree-lined streets, pond, parks and many restaurants within a block or two of the hotel. A laundrymat and several internet cafes are also near by. The hotel itself is nothing fancy. The lobby is nice and had many brochures for tours, sights, etc. The desk staff is helpful and someone was always around, no matter how late we came in. The rooms are small and not well decorated (ours had a weird framed poster of seals), but were very clean and the maid service came every day. I couldn't care less about the decor of the room as long as it is clean and affordable! The breakfast isn't great, but it is fine for a moderately priced hotel. They have croissants, rolls, cheese, ham, coffee, juice. Our rooms had a heater we could adjust, a phone, and a TV with several channels. Bottom line is this is a good hotel for people who want a cheap, clean, safe, convenient place to stay but who are planning on spending more time exploring London than sitting in the hotel.	
Jul 22 2005	Don't stay here	After spending a wonderful time in efficient, clean and comfortable Tokyo with my girlfriend it was her turn to visit me in London. We chose the Westpoint Hotel solely due to it being close to Paddington station and because I hadn't booked into anywhere else (won't make that mistake again). It was roughly the same price as the Tokyo hotels I had stayed in but shockingly inferior in quality. The first room we stayed in had no water pressure in the shower and no hot water. When I phoned the reception I was told that the cleaners had used all the hot water and that I should wait a few hours. After a few hours there was still no hot water. I phoned several times to complain but as soon as the rather dim reception realised I was complaining he would hang up the phone. I had to walk downstairs and ask to speak to the manager before they would change our room. Because my girlfriend had spent a lot of money coming to London I was doing my best to make light of this situation. The new room they moved us to was identical in size and decor but it did have luke warm water and the shower, as poor as it was, did allow for a light shower. Unfortunately, my heart sank when in the evening a mouse would decide to pay us a visit. I didn't have the heart to tell my girlfriend and explained to her that the reason why I was using a blanket to block the one and a half inch gap between the floor and the door was to prevent a draft.I have stayed in many decent hotels in London and felt truly ashamed that I had exposed my girlfriend to this monstrous place. If you're the kind of person that could rough it in the streets then you would find this place tolerable. However, if you want somewhere clean and relaxing where all the amenities work then I would recommend you stay well clear of the Westpoint Hotel.	
Jun 28 2005	Would stay again	Good Service, good breakfast, good location near restaurants, internet cafes, laundromat and central to Paddington Stn. Reception staff very helpful too.	
Jun 23 2005	Crap	Absolute fraud. We stayed there for 2 nights, first we were given a room in the basements with no window and there another one in the second floor but still rubbish.Minimun controlled breakfast, no buffet. All rooms had cracks and all looks terrible.Staff was nice but nothing else...Avoid this hotel, too expensive for what it offers.	
Jun 22 2005	Satisfactory	Hello everyone!!We stayed in this Hotel from 27th-29th May 2005, I must say I found nothing to complain about. The staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good. The room was very clean though small. Fantastic location. We really got good value for little money-I can only recommend this Hotel to anyone wishing to explore London!!! However the only problem I found is that they dont provide a remote control for the T.V.We really enjoyed our stay in this small Hotel.	
Apr 30 2005	Great location nice staff clean rooms	Knowing the rooms in Europe are very small for similar US prices, this was a good value. However, the shower was extra small. We were on the 2nd floor so we could use the stairs too. They had a place to leave our luggage since we got in too early. The included breakfasts were very good (include cereal, bread, ham, cheese, juice, coffee, and more bread). If you could afford an extra $50 a night per room, I would suggest looking elsewhere - if you are on a budget and this is the most you can afford it is fine. 50 yds away is a park that has a stop for the Dbl Decker Bus Tours (expensive, but it sure is awesome). Also Paddington Underground station is 1 block away - very convenient! We got the family Underground pass each day we went travelling. It was about $16 - unlimited travel for all 5 of us! I used this site and Venere.com to rate hotel rooms before reserving. I got a better deal than all the websites by calling personally. I had to call because the web sites do not guarantee a triple. We travelled with 3 kids and we booked two rooms that were right next to each other (and no one else was close by).	
Apr 25 2005	Nice hotel in great location	We stayed at this hotel in early April for 4 nights. Stopped back 2 weeks later for 1 night before catching our plane back to Canada.The location is very convenient, only a few minutes walk from Paddington train station and tube stations.We arrived before check-in time but were able to get our room right away. Lobby area quite nice with comfortable sitting area.Old Victorian townhouse that has been converted into a hotel. One of many along Sussex Gardens. Carpets are a bit worn, chipped paint, etc. but is well looked after. Lovely crown moulding throughout. Rooms are small but very clean. Double bed wasn't as comfortable as home but it was fine. We were able to open the window for some fresh air as the weather was nice. Room had a TV (no remote), telephone, clock radio, small cabinet/closet, lined curtains, bed-side table and chair.Clean white towels in tiled bathroom (2 hand, 2 bath, no facecloths), small bar of soap and pink toilet tissue. Water pressure ok with lots of hot water in shower, no tub.Continental breakfast is included. Corn Flakes, toast, rolls, ham, cheese, jam, orange juice, tea and coffee. Tasty and filling. You can get a full English for 3 GPB, but you could have better somewhere else for around the same price. Dining room is located in the basement which features a gigantic fish tank. Staff at hotel was very pleasant and helpful.We paid 68 GBP per night for a double room. There are also a couple of nice busy pubs, fish &amp; chip shop, restaurants and convenience shops around the corner with friendly staff. Laundromat and Internet just around the corner too. Post office and bus stop close by.I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again. If you want something nicer, you'll have to pay more.	
Apr 5 2005	Not the best	Just got back from London trip (April '05). Rooms are really small, at least compared to every other hotel we've ever stayed in (had a double room). Bathroom was clean but ultra tiny - difficult to shower without banging your elbows on the walls. Maybe if you pay for a suite it's better. It's an okay place, but can't imagine staying there for more than a couple of nights. Ask for a room that does not have a spotlight shining through the window...the light didn't go out until after midnight and the curtains were paper thin. Location is good for proximity to the Paddington Tube station and there are several places to eat, internet cafe, coffee shops, etc. nearby. Not a happening part of town, but felt pretty safe. Had MUCH better experiences with Jurys Inn for comfort.	
Mar 8 2005	Well run hotel	After having stayed at another hotel close by, I must say that this hotel is a breath of fresh air. Quality desk service, spotless room, quiet, has a lift, reasonable breakfast, my room was quite big for london standards, lovely foyer area and an excellent location. I will stay there again.	
Feb 2 2005	good one	this is a lovely hotel, very nice with friendly, helpful staff. good value for money too!	
Feb 1 2005	I won't come back	Tiny rooms, low service but cheaper. You better spend a little more money and find another hotel somewhere else.	
Nov 27 2004	Good value and great location	I stayed at this hotel in August 2002 for 7 nights. You cannot beat the location--within minutes of Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express train. I was checked into the hotel within 20 minutes after leaving Heathrow.My &quot;single&quot; room had a twin bed and was small but not cramped. The bed wasn't very comfortable but considering the price, GBP 48/night, I was quite satisfied. The &quot;closet&quot; in the room was actually a small cabinet, so I basically lived out of my suitcases. The bathroom was also small but very clean, and had clean linens. My room overlooked Sussex Gardens, which is a nice tree-lined street. The staff were friendly and helpful. When I checked in, I was given a room with an extremely small closet cabinet so I requested a different room. The desk clerk handed me 3 keys and let me pick a room, which I thought very generous.The breakfast was adequate for me--tea and toast.I would stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 23 2004	Economical but TINY rooms	This was my second stay at this hotel. My first was with my 2 sons, so we were looking for an economical and conveniently located hotel - which the Westpoint definitely is. This time I returned with my husband, who is large-framed man. He was miserable with the size of the bed and bathroom. The shower stall is so small it is difficult to move in. If you're looking for a serviceable place to stay, this is it. If you'd like a room that has a little bit more charm, go someplace else. Another note to Americans: we stayed 6 nights and our sheets were never changed. That didn't bother me so much since I only change mine weekly at home, but some people may be put off by this.	
Aug 1 2004	Never again!	Although the location may be convenient, none of the other experiences in this hotel were. Our bags were misplaced upon arrival in London. The airline sent them on to the hotel once there were found. The hotel refused to sign for them and they were subsequently sent back to the airport.You could not use the phone in your room without some kind of phone card. When you wanted to make calls (concerning lost luggage) the front desk didn't even offer to do it for you, let alone tell you there was a pay phone in the hotel itself.No extras in the hotel room (soap, etc.) so a person without luggage is at a loss.You may not want to watch TV, but if you do there is no remote, so changing channels means getting up out of bed to do so. After a long day of sightseeing, it can be inconvenient.With all the other hotels in the same area, I'd certainly go elsewhere!	
Jul 22 2004	superb location!!!		
Jul 22 2004	comfortable convenient and good value		
May 3 2004	as close to a bargin as you get in london		
Apr 22 2004	Wouldn't stay here ever again		
Oct 28 2009 	Salvo solo lo staff e la posizione		
Oct 26 2009 	Repetiría este hotel		
Oct 15 2009 	Lo unico bueno es la ubicacion		
Oct 14 2009 	attenzione		
Jul 21 2009 	Hotel estupendo y muy bien situado		
May 8 2009 	agréable		
May 8 2009 	per pochi giorni può andare ma portate con voi la copia della prenotazione		
Aug 12 2008 	N'y allez pas!		
Jun 5 2007 	posizione strategica!!		
Feb 4 2007 	Standing moyen/Excellent emplacement		
Jul 23 2006 	juste potable		
