Nov 17 2009 	You get what you pay!	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We booked online thru booking.com and was able to get a nice discount 50pounds per night with breakfast included. The room was clean although a bit small for the 2 of us. There's even a personal ref, which is useless for us. And to think we unplugged it because it's noisy. The TV was hang on the ceiling as we felt we have stiffed neck already. The toilet was a bit small, we couldnt move whenever we take our shower. Plus, we had our late checked in, and starving until we asked for delivery. The receptioned gave us brochure for indian food and have it delivered. All food are spicy. not just spicy but very damn spicy. we could even eat them. Then, we first stayed in one of the hotels in Oxford w/c is very near the city center of London. But when we transfered here, we pay 7pounds for the underground. Which seems like 15pounds added to our hotel bill is the same w/ the hotel in the city. BUT they cleaned our room everyday and change towels everyday. We have full english breakfast for 3 days. Nice service PLUS the high speed free wifi. although when youre in your room, you have to change network. when youre in the resto downstairs, you have to switch to another network. duh!	
Nov 14 2009 	The price is right if you don't mind a 45 commute to the center of London.	We stayed here for four days with our grown children and rented three rooms. Upon arrival, we found that they had messed up our reservation and tried to send us to another hotel, under the same ownership. When we threatened to leave, accommodations magically appeared. The hotel is clean, but not immaculate. The bathrooms are ridiculously small. The rooms are basic albeit somewhat scruffy. The breakfasts were adequate and the staff was generally friendly. A walk through a rather “down at the heels” neighborhood and a shopping centre to get to and from the train station is required to get to the hotel. The whole process takes about 45 minutes. If, like us your primary objective is cost, and you don’t really care about the luxuries, this is an adequate choice.	
Nov 1 2009 	An amazing budget hotel near London	I loved this hotel immediately. Our room was charming and so comfortable. The bathroom was very modern and clean. Our hosts were always helpful, suggesting amazing restaurants for us and helping me find the local Laundromat. I was very sick when we arrived and they helped me to see a doctor and even leant me money for the cab fare. I was able to relax completely while I was there. The only drawback was the distance from London, although it didn't take too long to get to any of the places we wanted to go.	
Oct 3 2009 	Colplay at Wembley Stadium and Londan weekend	Good Hotel; Easy to find; only a few minutes from Harrow center but waking up to birds singing instead of traffic!We dropped our luggage off and parked up. Tube station Harrow on the hill was a few minutes away and only 2 stops from Wembley Park. Used Oyster card, only £2.20 return!Also on the Metropolitan line straight into London and also goes to St PancresGood clean room, could be a little small for some, but plenty of storage; clean bathroom and a safe in the wardrobe; overlooking the garden and no traffic noise.No lift but only one flight of stairs, lots of corridors and corners as this is 3 houses knocked through.Good breakfast, cereals followed by full English breakfast.Very friendly and helpful staff!Will definitely stay again if going to Wembley and have also recommended to friends.	
Aug 28 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	Very quiet, comfortable, and convenient with a very good breakfast. There is no lift and the stairs are long and steep which makes it difficult for someone who has difficulty walking.	
Aug 25 2009 	Pleasant hotel in Harrow	I was very satisfied with all services this comfortable and hotel provided to me. The staff was friendly and very willing to help, the breakfast was good. I had an en-suite room which was being cleaned every day. The room was equipped with a TV (about nine channels, all in EN), kettle, cup, glass, fridge, telephone, fan, security safe, generally very clean and comfortable. The bathroom had everything one could need - soap, toilet paper, towels... When I was planning to arrive late in the night, I just told the staff and they lent me a front door key, so there was no problem with getting inside.Hotel was guarded by CCTV cameras (reception, corridors &amp; parking place). A little bar was at the reception desk. The parking place in front of the hotel had a restricted capacity, but after 8pm you could leave the car wherever on the street (must be picked up in the morning), so there is actually no trouble with parking the car.The hotel is about 5 minutes walking to the bus &amp; underground station (Harrow-on-the-Hill), there is also a big shopping centre on the way to the bus/underground. The city centre is about 20 minutes by underground.I would really recommend this hotel to everyone (no matter if you are planning a business trip or a toursim), you will be satisfied!	
Aug 22 2009 	great staff great place to stay	me and my wife went to see u2 at wembley on the 15th aug 09 and our trip was made loads better with the help of the staff at this great place to stay !! we didn't have a clue where to go as it was our 1st trip to wembley but the staff made it easy to get about as nothing was to much trouble.the room we stopped in was really nice and the food was great.its in a good location as close to main bus and tube stations.would like to thank all the staff for their help and will see you again soon as we would stay here again next time we are in london.darrell and lisa from nottingham.	
Aug 7 2009 	Home away from home	This is a pleasant little B &amp; B to stay at. It's about 4 stations on the tube to get to central London, 2 blocks away from a major mall, and 4 blocks from the tube station. The staff was so extremely helpful to me as this was my first trip to London and I had some questions about everything. They could not have been any nicer or more helpful to me with every little inquiry that I had. Fresh breakfast is available every morning. Rooms are small but kept nicely clean each day and have a tv, refrigerator, desk and bed. (Bathrooms are either shared or private depending on which you book)	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent value and close to London	The Crescent Hotel is 5 mins walk from Harrow on the Hill tube Station. Euston is about 30 mins away. The staff are extremely friendly and cater fro all your needs. You get a good English breakfast included in the price. Our room was large on suite with small colour TV. There was a large Sky TV in the lounge with a bar.My wife, daughter and I stayed for two nights in two rooms and intend to go back later this year when my daughter returns to the House of Commons on work experience	
Oct 13 2008	The armpit of humanity	The reason this hotel has an address of 58-62 Welldon Crescent is because it is literally 3 semi-detached houses joined together!I have never in all my life stayed in such a god forsaken hole in the ground. I am still trying to cleanse my skin of the bedbugs and get rid of the smell of stale curry from my suit jacket! Please please please do not stay here!	
Aug 4 2008 	Great place to stay	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on Saturday 2nd August.We found the manager and staff very pleasant. The choice for breakfast was excellent and nothing was too much trouble for the cook. We were very pleased with our room and had a very comfortable night.Before we retired to bed we had a drink in the lounge and had a very pleasant conversation with the manager who made us feel very welcome.If we need a place to stay in Harrow in the future we will definitely stay at this hotel.	
Aug 7 2007 	A very satisfactory place to stay	Our family had a pleasant two night stay at this small hotel created out of four linked suburban houses. The corridors are rather rambling and cramped, but our two bedrooms were a good size and reasonably well equipped. It's in a quiet location 5 mins walk from Harrow on the Hill town centre and tube station. The friendly staff and comfortable rooms make this a very satisfactory place to stay.	
Jun 22 2007 	Crescent Hotel saved my trip to Wembley!	The CRESCENT HOTEL is ideal for those people attending Wembley. Easy access to Wembley Park Tube Station from Harrow station. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the town centre and Train and Bus Station.I originally booked a room at another hotel with a well known chain in Harrow to see Muse at Wembley in June 2007. However, the hotel had double booked their rooms and were unable to provide me the room I had requested several months earlier. As a result, I had to locate another hotel nearby. Fortunately, Zennie and Shairaz, the owners of the CRESCENT HOTEL, had a late cancellation and provided myself and daughter a room at their hotel which suited our requirements.Shiraz welcomed me and allowed me to view the room to ensure it was comparible to my original booking. The room was bright, clean and of a good size. The room included an ensuite shower room and toilet and TV. The hotel has a bar and large garden at the rear. Continental and English Breakfast is included. There is also plenty of parking.My daughter summed up the room perfectly, saying it was &quot;homely&quot; and we agreed to take it. The personal service provide by Shiraz and his staff made the stay a joy. They even allowed us to stay in the room until well after midday the next day.	
Mar 19 2007	A Friendly and Most Hospitable Staff	This is a family-run establishment that has a warm and friendly atmosphere. It has about 24 rooms on two levels, a dining room, bar, and lounge. The full English breafast they serve is plentiful and delicious--does a great job fueling you up for the morning. Though small, each room has its own amenities, and each room, as well as its ensuite bathroom, is kept very clean. The staff is so incredibly accomodating and welcoming. It is not a large commercial hotel, but that is what give it its charm. As a young female staying on my own, I felt very safe; they have controlled entry (with a video camera). It also has a beautiful garden outside in the back. The best part is that the hotel is most conveniently located, in the heart of Harrow (just outside London). It is literally a two-minute walk to Harrow's main shopping centres (St. Ann and St. George Shopping Centres), as well as a two-minute walk to the Harrow tube station and city bus stop. It only takes 20 mins to get into central London by tube. This hotel is a good alternative to London hotels even if you're planning on staying in the city of London for the most part, because the prices are better and you're still so close to the city. There is also actually a straight city bus that takes you to Heathrow airport from Harrow too. I'm a seasoned traveller and I was impressed with the charm of the hotel and the hospitality of the hotel's staff, including its owners, who are always readily available.	
