Nov 25 2009 	Stay away!!!	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOLE!! Don't know where to begin really. From the second I entered the building (which should be demolished, set on fire to cleanse it from impurities and then inspected by men wearing radiation suits for substances hazardous to health) I instantly felt dirty. The entire building smelt like curry. The reception and bell boy (who was constantly on his phone) seemed genuinely surprised to see guests and the first thing they asked us for was payment, clearly because most people take one look and run a mile as I later found. Our 'room' can only be described as the basement. They stuck us in the room farthest away from the reception area and took us on a tour of the inner-workings of the building, much to our horror, taking us past the kitchen in the process. DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT ORDERING FOOD FROM HERE! The bedding looked liked it had not been washed in months, the carpet resembled something more like the floor of an animal enclosure and the bathroom isn't even worth mentioning. Clearly I wasn't expecting 5 star accomadation for the price, just somewhere we could dump our bags and explore London for the evening before coming back to somewhere clean and comfortable. Needless to say we spent most of our trip trying to find an alternate place to sleep and ended up checking out way before bed time. What summed up this mis-adventure was as we were stood outside waiting for a taxi another couple who also arrived the same day we did, were also checking out early. Need I say anymore??	
Nov 18 2009 	Totally disgusting do not stay here	Mould on walls, dirty bedlinen, damp, whole building smelt of curry, would not stay here again if you paid me. Certainly would not recommend it to anybody, should be condemmed. Totally disgusting. Staff were friendly though	
Nov 11 2009 	this is not a hotel	I stayed at this 'hotel' in November. The negative reviews are all correct.Every bit of paintwork is dirty. There are holes in ceilings where there has obviously been water damage. Wallpaper is hanging off the walls. The heating system makes a lot of noise all night.I felt 'dirty' from the minute I was in the bedroom.I can't believe that this hotel passes health &amp; safety inspections.You should not stay here - I never will again	
Jul 11 2009 	KIM AND AGGIE DO HOW CLEAN IS YOUR BACK STREET ABORTION CLINIC	Do not stay here. i dont know what hotel these other people who said it was ok stayed in but this was a hell hole. I dont know where to start.the ceiling hed fallen in over the elevator on the fourth floor where we were staying.the roon wasnt much better.blood stains on one of the chairs,sperm stains on the bedspread, brown stains under the bedsrpeads (i hope it was spilt tea)urine and faecal matter all under the toilet seat.broken mirrors on the walls and tiles all over the floor of the bathroom. The bedroom carpet had degredated into some kind of black mat. The bed was missing a leg but that was ok because they considerately left that beside the dirty teacups in the room in case we felt like fixing it ourselves i guess. No matter how cheap or tempting ot might look DO NOT STAY HERE!!	
Mar 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel. Great location.	Most of the older historical hotels in London have cosmetic issues. We came here for the history and the theatre. I visited the Abbey every morning. It is right around the corner. I thought the hotel was charming and loved how close it was to Buckingham.Afternoon tea was served in the lobby and it was strong and good. Overall I had a great time and enjoyed this hotel.	
Mar 18 2009 	not so bad !!	we r not saying that this is one of the greatest hotels but this is what we expected for the money we paid, the thing which really disgusted me is the breakfast which seems it has been prepared a week before and the blankets are too old.. they don't seem to be dirty but if you are like me you will not enjoy your sleep cause i didn't want to touch any of them with my face or mouth.. now.. the staff where very helpfull (not everyone) and the cleaners came daily and were quite up to date.. next time i might come back again .. to change d hotel i think i should win a lottery or something.. on d whole thanks palace for making our holiday pleasant......	
Feb 8 2009 	Do Not Stay Here	DO NOT STAY HERE. it was completely disgusting. damp all over the walls, holes in the walls, room was dirty and full of dust &amp; grime. carpets were ripped. it should be closed down due to health and safety reasons. couldnt even stay here. i ran out of it as soon as possible. absolutely disgusting.	
Dec 4 2008 	Good location for short stay	I stayed here with my family for 2 nights. I was expecting the worse over reading the reviews of other people stays at this hotel but i was plesently surprised when i arrived at the hotel. I was delighted with the location of the hotel ,it is only a few minutes walk from oxford street which is the main shopping street in london. However there are a few downsides to this hotel, the breakfast selection in the breakfast room is very limited i must say. Also there is no bar in this hotel. In saying this, the bedrooms were nice, a bit dated but nice. In conclusion , this hotel is good for a person who is staying for a weekend and wants a good shopping and sightseeing location	
Jul 14 2008 	Like it this location!	We was at Palace 2 nights and we like it the location a lot! As we was reading this reviews before book it in octopustravel.com we was not exept anything amazing and for us was importand to location and that was perfect, everything was so near and actually we was surprise about the hotel itself, was really nice people who was working there, room was clean, yeah not nothing much but hey , what you want for that price and in city centre like that! We saved lot of money for travel somewhere far this expencive London tub and really , when we will go to London again , deffenetley book this hotel again, nice small and not crowded!	
Mar 14 2008	not a good experience..	We did not exactly enjoy our stay here. We stayed in the upper room on the 4th floor, which was small, depressing and above all extremely hot because it was not possible to turn the heath down. The elevator was extremely old and small and almost never worked, so after a busy day in London we had to walk all the stairs to our little room. Location was very good, near Oxford Street, but that was the only plus. I would never stay here again.	
Oct 31 2007	Don't go there....	Rooms in bad condition, blankets aren't clean ,no hot water - I had to call someone to fix it each time I showered! no bath and the shower is owfull... the room smells bad and breakfast is poor. Although the location is wonderfull - next to marble arch tube!	
Jun 25 2007	horrible and the worst hotel you can ever stay	it was the most horrible experiance one can ever have hotel rooms are in a bad bad state i will never ever stay there again real rip off	
Apr 19 2007 	Palace OK	I dont know where Mondo 12 stayed but our experience at the Palace was good. Staff were helpful, place was clean, water was hot. Considering it is a 3 star not a 5 star it was a good place to base ourselves as we really only slept and showered there. Breakfast was so so but adequate. There are some good pubs nearby if you want something more substantial. Easy place to get around from.	
Jan 28 2007 	Palace-not exactly	Ever wondered what London was like in the swinging 60's?Well this place will give you some idea,except the swinging bit maybe.The place is a time warp.From the outside it looks like a dodgy clinic and when you walk in it does not get much better,The guy that checked us in was very unfriendly,I got the feeling we were disturbing him.The room itself was a shocker,dirty,damp,very small,smelly and old,everything looked as if it had been there about 40 years.When i went to use the shower it was ice cold, I mentioned this to the guy at reception,he told me to run the hot tap in the sink for about 15 minutes to get it going,which, like a fool I did but of course it did not work. I know this is a budjet hotel,but this place is a disgrace.Avoid this hotel there are plenty of other cheap modern hotels in london.One good point to finish-the location,Marble Arch is bang in the centre,most of the big attractions are within walking distance.	
Aug 5 2009 	Décevant!		
Jan 6 2009 	A éviter absolument !!!!!!		
Mar 23 2008 	Pas si affreux mais vieux		
Dec 16 2007	Pas si horrible que ça !		
Mar 16 2007 	Quelle Horreur !!!!		
Feb 21 2007 	Dégoutant !		
Jan 1 2007	A DEconseillé		
