	Wasn't as tragic as I thought	After reading the negative reviews I was expecting something tragic. But once I got there, I was pleasantly surprised with what I got. The single room that I booked wasn't a shoebox. There were 2 single beds joined together and there was plenty of room to move about. Room was well equipped with a TV, hairdryer, ketlle, microwave oven with coffee and tea,etc..It was clean and comfortable. Plenty of power points to charge your electrical stuffs so that's a plus point as well. Hotel is really quiet so I slept well..Breakfast is pretty basic (cereat. toast and jam/butter). Could be improvised in the future though. The bathroom is really tiny. So those on the plus sized category might not like this. But water heater was functioning, and it was clean so it was actually alright. Please note that there are no elevators here, so it's not disabled-people friendly, nor it is suited for the elderlies. Carrying huge bags will be tiring..Stairs are a little steep but I was still okay with it. The hotel allows the guests to leave their bags after checking out if their flight is still hours away so guests can still roam around for last minute shopping and get the bags later. No lockers though, just be sure to lock your bags securely. Location would this hotel's main advantage. Just 3 minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station. And 5 minutes walk from Queensway and Bayswater tube station. Food is not a problem as there are plenty of shops/restaurants/cafes around. There's no wifi in this room, but there's a cyber cafe nearby if you need to use the internet.With 55 pounds per night, I think I got a good deal.	
Nov 17 2009 	Clean tidy and value for money.	My husband and I stayed at The Oxford Hotel in Earl's Court for just a night. We needed somewhere convenient at a good price. The Oxford fit the bill. The double room we had was small (no cat swinging here!), but adequate for a short stay. The bathroom (shower room) was functional and clean. The room also had complimentary: tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer, tv, a fridge and a safe. The breakfast was very basic (toast, cornflakes, tea/coffee), but at least gets your day started. The hotel is really conveniently located. It is LESS than 5 minutes walk to Earl's Court tube station. There are corner shops, metro supermarkets, etc in easy reach too!The hotel has been renovated fairly recently, but it doesn't take long to notice that it was a cheap and chearful job ..... there was an inch and a half gap under our door (huh!?), a rather dangerous step into the bathroom, a leaky shower cubicle and a cupboard that had been fitted and refitted - leaving the holes from the first fitting! :-) None of these little things were worth worrying about and did not hamper our stay. BUT ... if you want a clean, friendly and functional place to put your head down for a night or two ..... then THIS IS AMPLE!	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent value - clean quiet centrally located.	I had a single room in the basement for which I paid 55 pounds per night, including tax. As accommodations in London go, this seemed pretty cheap to me.Good points: Cheap (to me anyway), private washroom (not a given in London), ensuite microwave, coffee maker and mini-fridge, fairly quiet, reasonably centrally located (near both Lancaster Gate and Paddington stations, laundromat, internet cafe and small market to get fresh fruit all less than a block away.Not-so-good points: Breakfast (free cold breakfast was included, but I didn’t find it very appealing. After the first week, I stopped bothering with it, just kept bananas, milk and some granola bars in my room), bathroom in particular was small, stairs were steep and narrow( I have size ten feet, and if I put my toe against the base of the next step, a good 2 inches of my heel would be hanging out over the edge of the previous step) Oh, and no elevator.Would I stay there again? Absolutely, all I need is a clean quiet space to lay my head at night, I wish the breakfast was a little more appealing, but the microwave and fridge were more than ample compensation.	
Oct 4 2009	Poor value for prices paid.	We stayed at this hotel on October 2nd 2009 with our employees visiting London with quite a large group of 18 persons. As there weren't enough rooms available on the main premises 3 persons of us had to stay at another location of this hotel in the same street.We booked 3 rooms for 4 persons and 2 for 3. All rooms were quite small and suffocating, some of us tried to open windows but did not succeed. We were glad a fan brought some coolness in the night otherwise we would not have been able to sleep because of the heat. We must add that the beds were quite good. In the morning the breakfast was really very poor. The breakfast area was in the basement and although there were 2 rooms these were too small and some people had to sit with others otherwise they would have to wait because there were too many people. The breakfast was the most poor I ever had in London. The only food available consisted of white and brown slices of bread with some awful tasting cheese and cups with jam. You had to toast the sandwiches yourself so everybody was queing for the toaster which was quite annoying. We didn't even get fresh coffee but powder coffee which added to our annoyment. We could not even get an egg or other things to put on the bread. So the breakfast was terrible we had to go elsewhere to at least get a nice fresh cup of coffee. I would certainly not recommend this hotel for large groups or to anybody for that matter. I would strongly advise the management of this hotel to at least change their breakfast policy because everybody present was complaining a lot.	
May 19 2009 	Great little hotel in the perfect location	We just returned from a stay in London at this wonderful little hotel. The room was very nice and clean. We made full use of the hot pot for coffee, and the microwave. The en suite bathroom was perfectly adequate. The location is perfect. A lovely area with many nearby restaurants, cafes and pubs. The short walk to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens made for some wonderful afternoons in the outdoors. The nearby Paddington underground and rail station made getting around a snap. We would definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a great value in London.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Location Great Value	The Hotel has a great location - close to Lancaster Gate tube, Paddington Station and numerous shops and restaurants. It's also very close to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. Our room (for 4) was clean and neat and suffiently spacious. The en suite was more than adequate and not as tiny as some we saw during our trip. The room included a small fridge and microwave so we didn't have to eat out every night.Service was great - the staff were friendly and always helpful.The price was good and included continental breakfast.Altogether, I thoroughly recommend this hotel - it certainly contributed to our enjoyment of London.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Value Hotel	Me, My Wife, and my 12 year old son stayed at this hotel in february 2009 for a weekend.The room was very clean and well kept, simple and basic.Only 2 minutes walk from lancaster gate tube station.The only bad thing is that our room was on the top floor and after a long day of sightseeing in london getting up the steep stairs can only be described as a challenge.Not reccomended for the disabled or elderly but overall a good hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	Don't Stay Here!	This hotel claims they are one of the best value hotels for the location. What they don't tell you is you definitely only get what you pay for. Stains on bedding, pillows grubby. Heating is on sporadically and rooms can get very cold, especially room G2 which has a big window. My wife and myself came back from an evening show to a freezing room. So cold that bedding felt damp. We were offered a small electric heater or to move to another room which would still not have any heating on. We decided to cut our losses and leave. If you are going to stay in a London hotel please please pay a bit extra and have some comfort. I've learnt my lesson the hard way. You have been warned!	
Feb 18 2009 	Excellent location... Very basic amenities	My wife and I stayed at the Oxford Hotel November 2006.It was small room with an even smaller bathroom. Nothing fancy as we weren't going to be spending a lot of time in the room itself. Bed and shower were all we needed. It was in a great location. Walkable to multiple tube stations (Paddington, Bayswater, Lancaster Gate, Queensway). My only problem with the hotel was that they didn't turn on the heat until the evening. (I think it was 5 or 6pm.) Because we were visiting during the winter time, the rooms got cold during the day. It made it uncomfortable to sleep in too late into the morning or to take a nap during the day.Otherwise, there wasn't anything else that I could complain about the room.	
Sep 18 2008 	Mind the gap!	Our room was in the basement, and it was very small. The ceiling in the room was attacked by mould fungus, but the breakfast was fine.In october i will visit London again, but in another hotel!	
Aug 28 2008 	Great value	Our family of four recently stayed here on a trip to London. TripAdvisor proved to be very accurate and extremely helpful in making our selection. We had a quad room with four twin beds. There was a table and two chairs, a wall mounted table &amp; mirror, fridge, kettle microwave and closet., plus an ensuite bathroom. Despite all this, there was plenty of room to move around and open suitcases etc.As noted by a previous reviewer, the bathroom door took a bit of effort to latch, but that was a minor irritant. Also like another reviewer on this site, we encountered some stained bedsheets. However, the front desk staff reacted quickly and brought new sheets up to our room.Breakfast consisted of fresh buns, croissants, juice and coffee, served in the basement dining room. The neighbourhood is great with a few pubs and restaurants just steps away. The Lancaster Gate tube station is only a few minutes from the hotel.Overall, we were very happy with the hotel and would strongly recommend it to anyone looking for good value in central London.	
Aug 1 2008	Fair Hotel	This was our first trip to London. We are a family of four(2 adults a 15 year old and 19 year old) The staff were helpful and the room was clean. We had a family room with 1 double bed and two singles. The room was fine except the bathroom door would not close complety. This was not a big problem for us but if you are travelling and expecting luxury this is not the hotel for you. Also when I tried to call to the US I was informed that you can'notmake out going calls from your room. I had to go down to the lobby and use the payphone to call the US Other than that We found the hotel to be servicable place to stay and they have an Italian restaurant thats one of Londons best a few doors down	
Jul 26 2008 	Great little hotel for the price	My family and I stayed here for 5 nights from 20/07/08 thru 25/07/08. We loved this little hotel! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was spotlessly clean every day, the bathroom was adequate in size and it was &quot;en suite&quot;. We had 4 single beds in room 42. We had fresh towels daily. There is no lift, but this was never an issue for us. We are in our late 40's and two teenage daughters, we are all in shape to climb the stairs. Loved that we could leave the windows wide open even during the night for fresh air. There is a slight breeze, and there are no bug issues in London. We were never awakened by street noise. The breakfast was always adequately stocked, and the best we had on our 3 week tour of Europe. We had a refrigerator and microwave in the room. This made it easy to buy cheeses, bread, fruits, tomatoes, wine, milk, so that we could picnic in Hyde park for lunch or dinner at a much cheaper cost than eating in a restaurant or even fast food. Hyde Park is a 3 minute walk away. Lancaster Gate underground station is 3 minute walk away. If you walk to the corner where there is a fancier hotel, you can catch a cab at all times of the day, too. Queensway St. for lots of restaurants and souvenir shops is 6-8 minutes walk. This hotel is in a great location. London is pricey for certain, but you will feel that you have gotten a fair value at this hotel. I will definitely recommend it to my family and friends, and cannot wait for the day that I may return there myself.	
Jul 8 2008 	Oxford Hotel bayswater london good basic hotel cheap price.	First, be sure we are discussing the same Oxford Hotel. This is the small family run hotel at 13/14 Craven Terrace, Bayswater, London near Lancaster gate tube station. I have seen other reviews of another hotel with the same name and this hotel deserves much better reviews.This is a very serviceable cheap hotel just north of Hyde Park. It is small with small rooms. It is very clean for such an old hotel and there is a modest bathroom in each room. The hotel staff is friendly and very helpful. Bring ear plugs to any small hotel in London. The room off the street are quieter; however, we did stay 2 nights on the 4 th floor on the street side and it was quiet that high up.THE GOOD: Cheap ( better price if contract their web site and book directly). It is as clean as any of these old hotels which were converted from old mansions of the 18 th century. The showers are great with lots of hot water. There is a small refrigerator in each room suitable for water and orange juice. there is instant coffee and tea maker in each room.Great location : 3 minute walk to the north entrance of Hyde Park. 3 minute walk to Lancaster gate tube station. 10 minute walk to Kensington Palace. 5 minute walk to Paddington Train station. good variety of restaurants nearby: From Economy ( video Cafe for pizza) to upper scale Italian and Lebanese and Greek Restaurants. There is a pub 1 minute from hotel ( mitre Pub) a small convenience store 3 door south of the hotel. A great sandwich shop is just south of the Mite Pub that sell great and inexpensive sandwiches. THE BAD: The rooms are small and the beds are hard. There is no lift anywhere in the building. This is not a hotel for anyone with mobility issues. There are no rooms on the main floor, so room 11 means walking up 22 steep steps. The 4 th floor rooms are actually on the 5 th level. Your hamstring muscles will be burning! The staff will carry your luggage if required. However, if you are on the 4 th floor, remember 5 flights to the ground level and breakfast is in basement 1 flight below that. Quite a hike if you are not used to it. I am in my 50s and do a lot of hiking in Colorado so this was not an issue for me. Smokers or COPD patients should avoid this hotel. The continental breakfast is marginal. Fresh Crescant rolls are the best item. There is toast that will be made in the back room but you have to ask for it. There is hot water for instant coffee and tea. The Orange juice is to be avoided. It looks like orange juice but is artificial junk.They do offer a more inclusive breakfast which is brought in from down the street...avoid it as it costs 3 pounds and has un uneatable Enlanish sausage which is really bad.If you are staying in London and are spending much time in your hotel room, you are doing something wrong. London is great.. get out there and explore. This hotel is great for budget travelers needing a clean room with a hard bed and functional bathroom. Spend your money seeing history. Get out of the hotel after breakfast and do not return until after dinner.Tips: If you are coming into Heathrow airport, take the Paddington Connect train to Paddington station. The connect train makes 3 stops along the way and costs 1/2 of the direct train. Walk 5 minutes west of Paddington station and you are on Craven terrace, walk 1 minute south and you are at hotel. Always buy an Oyster Card which guarantees the least expensive fare on any trip on tubes. After 3 trips, within the same zone on the same day, it stops charging you. It becomes a day pass. You can also then ride free on the surface buses. never pay cash single ticket fare... too costly.I hope this is helpful. I would return to the Oxford hotel in Bayswater but by now you know my priorities. If you want luxury, stay at the Hilton but you will pay 3 times the amount.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good stay	We stayed at the Oxford Hotel for two nights while enjoying London. Our room (#43) was clean, with three single beds, a small but functional bath (great water pressure!) along with a microwave, coffee/tea set up, and a small refrigerator. Pack light because there’s no lift and the stairs are steep. If it’s sunny and warm the room can get stuffy. Breakfast in the morning was a good assortment of cereals, rolls, coffee, tea, and watery orange juice. The breakfast room in the basement can get a bit crowded, but the staff was very efficient in clearing tables and restocking items. The hotel is just a 5 minute or so walk away from the Lancaster Gate tube stop on the central line. The Italian restaurant next door is wonderful, drawing a mix of locals and tourists, and a good value compared to what you will find in the theater district. The front desk staff was very helpful and was happy to store our bags after we checked out so that we could squeeze in a few more sights before we caught our train out of London. For an expensive city like London, the Oxford Hotel provides a reasonable level of service for the price charged.	
Jul 3 2008 	I LOVED IT!	The first thing that comes up for me is the kind and helpful staff, every one of them. They were so friendly and willing to help with anything we asked. The rooms were cute, cozy and very clean (and I am picky) and since this is a budget hotel, I thought we got a lot for our money. There were three of us in a triple and we all loved it there. We stayed somewhere else for a few days and were so happy to come back to the Oxford! It was by far the best. The hotel is in a great location in a quiet neighborhood. I will definitely stay again during my next visit to London. I can't understand how anyone could be unhappy with this hotel considering the price and value when it comes to cleanliness and comfort in a great location. By the way, the hotel pictures look exactly like the rooms. Very cute.	
Jun 18 2008	Budget but Adequate	Given the price, not a bad deal. Don't expect luxury. Clean. Small bathroom but at least it was en suite. Staff were friendly. The maid kept leaving the windows open and, with no screens, bugs got in. We had a family room on the first floor (second, to Americans) - one double and two singles. My single bed squeaked every time I moved. Noisy at night - pedestrians talking loudly, cars racing down the otherwise quiet street. Still, good location and reasonable price for London. No lift and narrow staircase but if you are prepared for that, it's okay.	
Apr 29 2008 	I had a great stay	I stayed at The Oxford Hotel from 2/24 until 3/9 and I had a very pleasant stay. They had a room available for me on the ground floor which was a very pleasant surprise in this non-elevator hotel. Staff was friendly and helpful; room was large enough for me. I mean, you just sleep there so why bother the bathroom size? My bed was very comfortable. Also, I had a small fridge and microwave available to me. This has really saved me money! This clean, convenient hotel is situated just a block away from the subway (Lancaster Gate) and the 148 bus stop that takes you to Victoria Station in 20 minutes. I would definitely stay here again and probably will later this year.	
Apr 15 2008	didn't get through the door!!	we informed the oxford that we were arriving at 6am. They said this was fine if the room was not ready we could leave luggage with them. We arrived just after 7am when they are ment to be open but the door was locked and no one inside. After knocking and calling for 15mins in the cold after a 20 hour flight we decided to go to a hotel across the road. When we rang after settling in to the other hotel the person I spoke to told me that he was there at 6.45am and said that he was not away from the desk. So he was saying that we were not there at that time if not at all. We where still charged one night even though they where not there to give us our booked room instead they accused us of lieing. Would never think of staying here again as the hotel across the road was much better and the customer service was excellent.	
Apr 13 2008 	Disgusting	This place is disgusting, not fit for human to stay, the beds are so small and sinking, the tv has only 5 channels, the toilet is so small, considering i'm only 5'3 and my elbows keep on brushing the walls of the toilet, the sink is only one palm long,. The towels and bed sheets are dirty, the reception are all rude, i overheard them asking the chambermaid to clean 3 rooms in just 2 hours. the breakfast is only bread and cereals and nothing else. we booked the double room for 68 pounds, if you just add another 10 pounds you see a big difference in the elysee hotel just at the corner of craven terrace and its even closer to the lancaster station. the reception even said that that's what we get for our money in london, he's such a liar, im sure you get better ones at the same price. the locks are also not safe. the heater not working well, we were freezing most of the time. we were forced to stay for 2 nights because they won't refund the money to us. Dont ever come near this hotel. i think somehow I felt better spending my money there because i feel that the chambermaids and breakfast server are friendly people.	
Mar 19 2008 	Bargain Price for London	I Stayed here with two friends on a Saturday night in February 2007. It was a bargain: Triple-Ensuite £65 (£22 each!). We had a Double and two singles which were clean and tidy. A small but adequate toilet and shower room. And a kettle, fridge and microwave which were very useful, and a small tv. The room had two large single glazed sash windows and two large radiators and was very comfortable. The stairs were narrow and noisy and some female guests arrived very noisily at 2.30 in the morning. For the price it was an absolute bargain with two local uderground stations and Hyde park a 5 minute walk away. Across which are the kensington museums (Natural History, Science, Victoria &amp; Albert)Sadly we didn't try breakfast as we were too lazy.I would definitely stay there again as it was such a good price. I believe some rooms are in a better condition than others but ours seemed clean and in good decorative order, the stairs were a bit dark, victorian, narrow and noisy but most rooms have two doors between the stairs to try and minimise noise a fraction.Just to confirm this reveiw is of the Oxford Hotel in Craven Terrace Lancaster Gate London W2 3QDwww.oxfordhotellondon.co.ukK9ine	
Feb 1 2008 	Provided the basics friendly and clean.	My friends and I had a very pleasant stay in London, and do not regret booking a quad room. We did consult with www.tripadvisor.com, taking other reviews into account, but for the location and the price, booking on [--], it was unbeatable.  Close to both the Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stops, when we emerged from the underground, right across the street was beautiful Hyde Park. It was quite heartening, since it had taken us quite some time to get from Gatwick to Lancaster Gate. The hotel was a short walk away, and we passed a few shops and restaurants. The hotel entrance is not very ostentatious, small, but clean and pleasant. Check in was easy. I was glad of my small suitcase, however, because the stairwell is narrow and winding.  The quad room was nice. 4 beds, a small tv, a mirror, a couple nightstands, and a table and 2 chairs. In the closet was room to hang our coats, a small refrigerator, silverware, plates, and a water boiler. The bathroom was quite small, but the shower stall was large and easy to move around in. The sink was also small, but adequate. Breakfast was good. Not exciting, but tasty, with a variety of cereals. There were also rolls and croissants with several jams, and spreads. There was also coffee, tea, milk, and juice to drink. Overall, we were happy with our decision. The room was clean, and we 4 girls still had enough space to walk around in spite of luggage on the floor, etc. It was nice to be so close to 2 tube stops, as well as close to a post office, several internet cafes and a laundromat. The walls were a bit thin and we could hear horses clopping by sometimes early in the morning. Overall, great place for us, and we wound up paying USD 230 per person for a whole week. I would certainly stay here again.	
Jan 12 2008 	pleasant staying at The Oxford Hotel	I read about this hotel before leaving and I couldn't expect either a 5-star or a 4-star hotel. It was a perfect 3-star-hotel. The rate was the best we could find in London for such accomodation. Our 4.bed-room was large enough to let our children play around and the bathroom with shower too. Location of the hotel is perfect just a few meters from Lancaster Gate tube stop and so close to the beautiful Hyde Park. We also easily catch doubledecker bus to everywhere without walikng a lot. Restaurants and pubs all around.Breakfast room was also clean and well equipped. Maybe I just missed a better coffee!! But we enjoyed serving ourselves with jummy croissants! I'd surely come back there next time!	
Dec 28 2007 	Great value in expensive London	We stayed in their quad room for 4 nights in early December this year. This a is tiny, well-managed hotel with a quaint victorian air. Like the previous posters mentioned, do not expect 5-star amenities. But if you're looking for a quaint, simply but cheerfully furnished, extremely clean place to stay on a budget, then this is perfect. The room is certainly small, but it comes with a microwave oven and fridge. Fresh towels are provided daily and the room is always immaculate by the time we get home from a tiring day of sight-seeing. The breakfast is basic but adequate.The best this is it's location - 5 mins walk from Hyde Park and 10 minutes two 2 Tube station (Paddington and Lancaster). We didn't have any security issues either, and the ppl at the front desk were always very helpful. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at Oxford Hotel immensely and would be glad to recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 22 2007 	clean central loved the stay!	We stayed for 5 nights in may 2007. We had quad room and knowing that the hotel is in wictorian terrace house we thought it's gonna be small and dark. It surprised us with its size. The room was very clean, it was cleaned every day and towels were also changed daily. Breakfasts were basic, continental but ok. We always arrived at very last minute before breakfast's end and there wasn't any problem with lack of food.Staff was very friendly and helpful.I plan to stay in this hotel in the future (may 08) and I recommend it to my family and friends.Great price for central location (5 min walk from Hyde Park, 10 min walk to Oxford Street, 15 min walk to Buckingham).	
May 28 2007 	Simple Convenient Budget Hotel	The Oxford is a BUDGET hotel. I emphasize the word budget, because it seems many of the reviewers seemed to be expecting a Hilton or even Holiday Inn - it's not.The Good - The price (for London) is very, very good. It has clean sheets, clean towels, &amp; the room is clean. This hotel is conveniently located between two tube stops (Lancaster Gate &amp; Paddington) that are easily within walking distance, which is the main reason I chose it. Every room is ensuite and has a refrigerator &amp; microwave (which is extremely handy). The Bad - There is no lift, so you'll have to lug your luggage up to your room when you arrive and back down when you depart. Plus, it's a long climb up to your room at the end of the day of exploring the city. If you are travelling with an older person or someone who is disabled, this is not the place for you - keep looking. The breakfast is okay, but not great. There was cereal, croissants, &amp; orange juice from concentrate. There is no air conditioning in the hotel and we were there when it was unusually warm - the only thing we could do was open the windows wide and turn on the fan in the bathroom to bring in the outside air.I did not experience the security issues that some other reviewers did and my interraction with the staff was always pleasant. I would recommend the Oxford Hotel, making clear that this is not a leisure hotel. This is a place to put your head down after a long day exploring this wonderful city.	
May 21 2007 	Quaint London hotel	We wanted to experience old London and that's what this is. The room was clean, we had a microwave and frig, but it's small. The breakfast didn't work for me since I can't eat wheat. It's not a 5 star American hotel, but it's quaint and an adventure. We liked the price and location.	
May 11 2007 	the worst hotel ever	i must admit my first impression of the hotel was not a bad one. the rooms where nice and clean,and spacious. breakfast was ok, we did not expect anything from out of this world. However the staff is very rude. we also had an intrusion in our room, things were displaced, and from our impression also the person who entered our room did not force himself or herself in. the explanation the staff gave us was that someone must have gone in while the maids left the door open to clean the room. excuse me but even if u dont leave doors open to rooms where ppl who are staying there have valuable things. so to me that is a stupid excuse. also staff were not helpful with our queries, and us also had to change the hotel. I am disappointed in reading that other people have had the same complaints, because for one moment there I thought ours was just an unlucky case. but no. this hotel even though had a good price, is definitely not worth the money as it is not safe at all.	
May 5 2007 	Never Again	In January I went on holiday with 4 other friends and stayed at the Oxford Hotel. Initially we had a very good impression of the hotel. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were spacious. Moreover, we booked the hotel at a very good price.Unfortunately, towards the end of our stay, returning from a day out, we realized that someone had entered our room. Things were removed from our luggage and we found them scattered on the beds. Whoever entered did not force himself in... there were no signs of this. The staff were not helpful at all. They were very angry with us when we contacted the police. They felt that we should not have involved them. Moreover, the receptionist changed his version of what had actually happened various times; initially he said that he did not know what had happened, then stated that he had seen a man going out of our room with our luggage, then said that he had been threatened by the man, etc.The following day, we decided to change hotels seeing that we felt unsafe. Before leaving we asked the receptionist for a refund for the last night seeing that we stayed up late to try and sort out what had been going on, to find another hotel, etc. Again the receptionist was very rude and actually called us names. This was a very disappointing experience so I will not go there ....NEVER AGAIN.	
Apr 21 2007 	I loved it!	I think that the Oxford Hotel is a great hotel, because the rooms were fresh and clean, the breakfast was absolutely OK (better than expected), the staff were nice and friendly, and the location of the hotel was very good, very central. When I go to London again, I will certainly stay at the Oxford Hotel!	
Apr 14 2007 	Wonderful stay!!	I have to admit to being a little concerned when reading some of the other reviews, but I needn't have been! I spent three nights here with a Norwegian friend who was visiting London for the first time in 11 years, and we both loved this hotel...spotlessly clean room, towels changed daily - and it was great to have use of a fridge, microwave, plates and cutlery as well as the usual tea/coffe tray. Very easy to reach the centre of London via the Tube, but located on a quiet enough street for the traffic not to disturb us even when we slept with the window open! Lovely smiley young man at reception, great Italian restaurant just down the street - will definitely return, and have already recommended!	
Mar 6 2007	Great hotelbut the "breakfast" was lousy.	Great room for family of five, nice staff, rooms cleaned daily. BUT!! The breakfast was a downer. It should be served until 0930, but the breadrolls was empty, long before that. The excuse from the breakfastlady, was that the early guests had eaten to much....	
Feb 26 2007 	small small room	My family traveled to London last summer and stayed in Oxford hotel for one night. We selected this hotel because I saw the good comments in this site. Our room was on 4th floor and there was no lift. I need to carry our heavy lurgages climbed up to our room. The room was very small and the tiny toilet which can't take the shower freely. However, the room was clean but there full with peigen (--) outside window.	
Feb 18 2007	Could have been so much better	I want to point out that we stayed at this hotel's sister hotel in Tuffnell Park first the Europa Hotel. I have to say that the service comparison between the two was night and day. Whereas we were greeted warmly at the Europa we were greeted here with minimal tolerance. Desk staff were nowhere near as helpful or kind and you got quite the cold shoulder. Coming down to breakfast at the Europa was a delight - you were again warmly welcomed, and the table service was outstanding! When we arrived for breakfast at the Oxford the room was difficult to locate. Desk staff when we checked in gave us no indication as to what to expect for breakfast. When we located the breakfast room the staff hid in the kitchen until I finally dragged one out and asked about breakfast procedures. We were told a hot breakfast was only served during a very small window of opportunity and that you had to order it the day before. NONE of these instructions were given to us. We were lucky to get a bowl of cereal. No hot coffee or tea. A very dismal time and no service to the customer. They were also kind enough to give us the very top floor rooms even though we had requested a lower floor (we had booked this rooms 8 months in advance) none were available. No assistance was offered to help us up four flights of stairs with heavy luggage even when we met cleaning staff half way up. All though this hotel is in an incredible location I did not feel that the service lived up to what we were lead to believe. I guess the Europa spoilt us so we were lead to believe the same service would be provided at the Oxford. I don't like to complain, in fact I will provide the Europa a glowing report. I like to think I give hotels a chance but I think that if the Oxford had put forth a little more effort in the customer service dept during our stay in stead of the 'oh well whatever' attitude, even with what I had described they would be getting a better rating from me now. We did bring all of this to the desk clerks attention during our stay but frankly he couldn't care less and offered no apology or even suggestions on rectifying the problem. I don't care if you are a 1 star or a 5 star hotel - customer service is what wins a customer back even if the problem can never be fixed. Making an attempt of any kind counts for volumes.	
Feb 14 2007 	brilliant value for money loved it!	I have just come back from London with my 12 year old son, I was nervous booking something in our budget that might be grotty and unwelcoming. Our room was very clean and well furnished we had a microwave and fridge and kettle, all tucked away in a cupboard so the room looked just like a bedroom in any hotel. We had our own key to come and go, and after days full of walking we were in our rooms warm and cosy with facilities so that we did not need to venture out again at night.Staff were helpful, breakfast was as much as you need and locaton fantastic.Pub on corner, restuarants on your doorstep and five minutes to tube. We will come again and I would recommend it to my friends.	
Jan 24 2007 	A big disappointment!!!!!!!!	We were quite happy with the hotel initially considering it is a budget hotel, the breakfast is very poor and its self service, only a few croissant and buns and coffee and tea. It was a terrible disappointment as we went through a walk in burglary, someone entered our room and was going out with a luggage of ours apart from the fact that they searched in all out things and we found all our things open. The receptionist in charge said that someone entered the hotel and took the master keys from one of the doors as the maids were cleaning and entered our room. The thing which irritated us most was that the hotel staff pretended that we dont need to go to the police as nothing was robbed. Its true nothing was taken as the thief was caught red handed and then they let him go, but we could have been robbed of all our possessions due to the negligence of the hotel. When we discussed the issue with the receptionist in charge the day of check out as we checke out a day earlier due to this issue, the receptionist was not helpful at all and behind our back thinking noone heard him said B....y cheaters. That is the kind of treatment we got from this hotel we were really disappointed and will surely not go there again. We go every year to London and something like this had never happened to us.	
Jan 17 2007 	Very well located	It's a nice hotel to stay. I stayed in a large family room. It was quite clean. If I go to London again I'll try to stay in this hotel. Nice price!	
Dec 19 2006 	Great for a weekend away	Myself and my partner stayed there for a weekend break. The staff were friendly. The room was basic but very clean (sure all you need is a bed really). Would definitely stay again. Very close to lancaster gate station which is on the central line. Good value for money with easy access to the city centre!	
Nov 13 2006	Small and cozy but very english!	room was small but clean. good spot, close to tube stations and hyde park. breakfast was not too good but average for the UK. i would recommend this place.	
Oct 10 2006 	I'd go elsewhere next time	The room was okay, considering it is a budget hotel. Good location, easy access to the Tube &amp; within easy walking distance to Kensington Gardens, several cafes &amp; restaurants. However the beds were not comfortable, sounds carried like crazy. I think it would be worth it to spend a bit more money to stay somewhere else.	
Aug 23 2006	Location!	The Oxford Hotel on Craven Terrace has a great location, just off the Bayswater Road. 2 minutes stroll takes you to the Hyde Park entrance by the Italian Fountains. Marble Arch, and the West End are an easy stroll away. Either side of the Hotel are Italian restaurants, both of which I would recommend. 2 minutes away on the Bayswater Road is a good local Pub, The Swan. The Hotel itself is small, very small. The room we had was tiny, the shower room tinier - like having a shower in a telephone box! The room was equipped with a microwave and tea/coffee making facilities, though, and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast was poor, though there was a cafe almost next door which served a choice of cooked breakfasts. Bottom line was the price - we were charged £300 for 2 of us for 5 nights - in August. Overall excellent value for money.	
Jul 22 2006 	Great location but would stay somewhere else	Well let me start by saying that the location of the hotel is in a quiet neighborhood very close to Paddington train station and the lancaster gate tube stop. We payed 60 pounds for our room on our stay. The room was clean but very small (very typical for europe) . The bathroom shower was smaller than a old telephone booth. The room was hot so we needed to ask for a fan in the room. Staff was very helpful with directions and even making reservations for us. There is a pub down the street and there are lots of places to eat around the hotel. This is an old building so you can hear everyone walking up the stairs. Hotel has internet access in the lobby.. I think on our next trip to Europe we will try another hotel.	
Jul 3 2006	Mixed opinion	I was looking for a clean hotel with a good price at a central location, and that is what I got.What was good:- the room was clean; the plates, cups etc. were cleaned every day, even our own cups and spoons- location: the hotel is very close to Lancaster Gate and Paddington station (great if going by Heathrow Express), and also next to the Hyde Park- staff was friendly- got a great deal and paid only 50 pounds per nightwhat was bad:- our room (# 15) was about one meter above the hotel's public toilet what was frequently used by people; the noises and smells coming from the toilet were far from being comfortable- the hotel is quite loud, you can hear people walking and talking when the window is open; we also heard people talking in the nearby restaurants in the middle of the night- the rooms are very small. When we first walked into the room we thought that the bathroom is missing, but it was behind a door inside the wall. We did not have a problem but big people probably have one. Would I stay again? Probably, as the value is definitely good, but if you want a quiet hotel with big rooms, this hotel is not for you.	
Jun 20 2006	A Decent Option for London	It's hard to find decent, reasonable lodging in London. For about 55 pounds per night for a double en-suite (in May), the options aren't great. Given that, I'd recommend the Oxford. (Note that this is the one on Craven Terrace, near Paddington Station, since there's another hotel of the same name in London.) It's not the Sheraton: the bathroom is very, very small, and there's nothing fancy about the place. It's not brand-spanking new, but it seemed clean and not too shoddy. We could hear someone's TV through the floor at 6am on the weekend, but when we complained to the front desk, they were totally cooperative and quickly solved the problem. The room has TV (the usual four channels), a tiny fridge and microwave to make tea and coffee. Other than the neighbor's TV, the place was pretty quiet. The room is small, but there was enough space for my wife and me and our luggage for six nights. The location is not bad: you can easily use either the Central line or the various other tube lines at Paddington Station, as well as buses, and there are a few ok restaurants and pubs near Paddington. Breakfast is standard continental (nothing cooked). Given the high prices of nearly everything in London, this was as much as we cared to pay for lodging, and on those grounds, we'd go back again.	
Jun 14 2006	Never again!	My husband and I stayed at the Oxford House for 3 nights in June, 2006. We had read the reviews on Tripadvisor and although some were bad, there were quite a few good reviews so we thought we would take a chance. It was a big mistake. We are a couple and had requested a double but got a room with a double and two twins in it so there was a lot of room. However, the following were off-putting:1. dirty and worn bed spread;2. dirty wool blanket on double bed;3. dirty lamp shades;4. scuffed walls;5. shower door coming off the hinges;6. nick in toilet seat;7. grungey around bottom of toilet and top of shower;8. very small bathroom;9. no space in bathroom to put our toiletries;10. the hotel only provided a small bar of soap, no kleenex, lotion, shower hat, etc.;11. the only space in the room that you could put your own toletries on, ie shampoo, toothpaste, etc. on was a ledge about 2' by 10&quot;. There were two tiny drawers under this ledge that I considered putting some things in but when I opened the drawers, they were dirty so I didn't want to put any of my belongings in there;12. no proper closet - only a place to hang shirts or jackets above the microwave and fridge, and it was kind of a shabby area;13. only some hooks on the wall on which to hang your longer things, ie, slacks, etc.;14. curtains that were partially unhooked from the rod;15. window well (those tiny fake balconies) contained wrappers, cigarette butts, pigeon droppings, etc.; 16. there was no lift; and17. the coffee in the breakfast room was the instant kind, the same as was in the bedroom and the breakfast did not look appetizing so we just didn't bother with it at all and ate out - there are many restaurants for breakfast around that are not expensive.The things that were acceptable were:1. the pillow cases and sheets were clean;2. the carpet appeared to be fairly new so it was clean;3. there was an overhead light at the head of the bed for reading; 4. they did replace the dirty woolen blanket; and5. the front desk staff were pleasant.As we were only to be there for 3 nights, we did not bother to complain - it was the end of a 3 week vacation and we weren't ready to start looking for another hotel - just too tired. I took pictures of a lot of my complaints noted-above and will post them when I get some help as to how to do it. We only paid 60 pounds per night per room and I understand that this is what you have to expect for that amount in London. Next time, I think we would allow more for our hotel in London.	
May 14 2006	Great Hotel in London	The Hotel was very clean, the staff very kind, the location really good, less than 5 minutes to tube or Hyde Park. We paid 165 pound for 3 nights + 10 pound fee by booking via a london b&amp;b net site and stayed in a room on ground floor.The location was really great: hardly any traffic, so it's really quite during the night, 2 mini markets nearby so you can stock up the small refrigerator on your room. Two windows showing the very small inner courtyard keep the room bright and could be opened for fresh air. A nice pub is also right around the corner. 2 Italian restaurants with reasonable prices are on the same street, fast food restaurants like Burger King or KFC are a 10 minute walk away (head to paddington station/tube)Bad: Breakfast was really bad, dry rolls with cheap and awful jam, some kind of bad tasting insta orange juice, so we skipped breakfast the 2 other days. The Bathroom is very small, it was ok for us - but indeed some &quot;bigger&quot; people might get problems. A few tilings were partially fractured. Probably on every other place in the world the hotel would be total overpriced - but it's in london, so you can't really compare the price to standard hotels in other locations.Would i stay there again? I would try to find another bed and breakfast, cheaper with better breakfast, maybe therefor a bit more outside of london. However if you don't mind breakfast, and a small bathroom and your looking for a valuable clean hotel in a central location this is the right choice.Positive: - very Clean - quite location - refrigerator, electric kettle + microwave on room - tube station nearby, 5 minutes walking distance to lancester gate, 10 minutes to paddington - price, if compared with hotels in london - minimarkets, pub, restaurants in less than a minute walking distancenegative - Breakfast - small bathroom - price, if compared to hotels not in london	
May 7 2006	pretty good...	Good value for the money. Was clean and spacious, had a nice bathroom. Continental breakfast was lacking, mostly consisting of some cheap croissants, orange squash, and weak coffee. Be warned, if you are staying on one of the upper floors it is quite a hike up steep stairs to get to your room.	
Nov 29 2005	Perfect for a weekend trip to London	This is the perfect little hotel if you want to take a weekend trip to London. It's a three-minute-walk from tube station Lancaster Gate, the rooms are clean and it is quiet. The staff is very helpful and nice.Nearby are a café, two sandwich shops, two italian restaurants and a little supermarket.There is only one &quot;negative&quot; aspects I would like to mention. If your stature is &quot;hefty&quot;, you will probably find it hard to climb into the shower, the whole bathroom is XXS.We will definitely return - unless we grow fatter :-)!	
Aug 12 2005	Excellent Value	Have just spent two nights at the Oxford Hotel and found it excellent value. Booked the quad room for myself and two teenagers and contrary to some of the previous reviews had plenty of room. True the en-suite was small, but the shower was large! The breakfast was fairly basic but the staff were great. All the parts of the hotel we saw were spotlessly clean. Our only reservation was the 75 stairs to our 4th floor room. Not great after a day walking round the sights! Would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jul 5 2005	A Good Hotel for the Money	My wife, our 8-year-old granddaughter, and I enjoyed the six nights we spent at the Oxford Hotel in Bayswater. Although three (very comfortable) single beds nearly filled the room and the bathroom was tiny, this hotel was good value. The room, which was on the second floor facing the rear, was exceptionally quiet. The entire facility was spotlessly clean, and the staff were friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was good--all one could eat of cereal, toast, and croissants, plus juice and coffee/tea. The location is excellent, with Hyde Park and the Lancaster Gate Tube Station each about a five minute walk. We would happily stay again at the Oxford Hotel on any future trip to London.	
May 18 2005 	Often stay here cheap clean nice and good location	I agree that the people who call this hotel &quot;Nightmare hotel&quot; or &quot;Roach hotel&quot; are probably not talking about this Oxford hotel. For one thing, it certainly does not have a lift.I have stayed at this Oxford hotel many times and find it a very good choice for a reasonable hotel in London. In fact, I first heard about it from the French guidebook Guide du Routard, which recommended it highly for a hotel in its price range. I agree with this assessment. It has a great location, friendly helpful front-desk people, and the plumbing is a lot better than what you find in most of those gorgeous British country-house B&amp;Bs. It has larger family rooms, so for example, once I stayed here for almost a week with my two sons and daughter in one big comfortable room.The hotel has no elevator, is not particularly quiet (but everyone I asked to be quiet did quiet down, I must say), and the bathrooms, to be frank, are extremely tiny. But everything works, everything is clean (maybe I am too used to Britain now, but slightly stained covers do not bother me in a hotel room at this price, as long as it is clear that they are clean and washed) and there is plenty of hot water. At this price in London that is rare.I also admit the breakfast leaves something to be desired. I usually just go somewhere else. In other towns, I often stay at rather grander, often even very expensive hotels, but when I visit London alone or with the kids for a few days, this is the place for me. Remember that word INEXPENSIVE along with all the other good things, and you will see why this hotel is usually fully booked.	
Jan 9 2005	Great affordable little hotel	We had a twin-share room at the Oxford for a week in October. The location, for the price we paid, was fantastic. Only a 2-3 minute walk to the Lancaster Gate tube station which meant only 5-6 minutes by tube to Oxford Circus, Picadilly Circus etc. The rooms were a little small, but so what when you only want a clean room to sleep in. The only downfall was the size of the &quot;ensuite&quot;, which was extremely small, but at least it was clean and in the room, so we didn't have to share a bathroom with strangers. The staff were friendly and everything was in order upon check-in and check-out. As a bonus, there were a few little restaurants a few doors up from the hotel and virtually across the road was a laundrette....very handy. I would definitely stay at the Oxford again because we had affordable, clean, basic accommodation in a great location, which is few and far between in London.	
Sep 2 2004	Caveat Emptor	My wife, our 14 year old daughter, and I rented a triple room at the Oxford for a week in mid-August. It was very hot when we were there, and the lack of A/C, although apparently not uncommon for London, made our stay very uncomfortable. We opened the window in a vain attempt to get some fresh air, but the smokers in the room(s) below and adjacent to us quickly filled our room with their smoke. We were even more disappointed with the tiny, cruise ship-style bathroom, and the absence of a closet or even a dresser. We were forced to live out of our suitcases for our entire stay, and since there was no place to put the suitcases, we had a very difficult time just walking around the room without tripping over something. The management was friendly, but ultimately unhelpful. We had booked (and pre-paid for) the room through Expedia, and called them in an attempt to move to a larger room in a different hotel, but the manager at the Oxford said we would have to pay them for the entire week even if we moved someplace else. Our &quot;lesson learned&quot; is to choose your hotel very carefully if you book through Expedia, because you're probably going to be stuck. We couldn't believe that a hotel would make no provisions to let dissatisfied guests cut their reservation short. We will never stay at the Oxford again. My advice, if you're staying for a week or more in London, is to rent an apartment: they cost less than a hotel, and you'll get a LOT more living space.	
Aug 24 2004	Never again		
Aug 2 2004	Quad stay at the Oxford		
Jun 22 2004	wrong address for roach hotel!!!		
May 23 2004	Roach Hotel		
Apr 22 2004	Thumbs up for the Oxford Hotel		
Apr 17 2004	Useful budget-stretcher		
Mar 1 2004	nightmare hotel		
Feb 8 2004	affordable gem		
Jun 17 2003	Quiet street Convenient location		
Mar 14 2003	Terrific value		
Aug 3 2009 	Très décevant		
Jul 19 2009 	Zu empfehlen		
Jul 14 2009	Para pardillos		
Feb 16 2009 	Pas du tout un hôtel de trois étoiles		
Dec 20 2008 	hotel très bien situé		
Apr 14 2008 	Plutôt décevant		
Aug 8 2007	Bon hotel		
Dec 2 2006 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Oct 26 2006 	bien situado pero muy pequeño		
