Nov 8 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for. (almost)	stayed here with my partner, basicly what it says is what you get, staff are really nice, bed nice to sleep on, little kitchenett what we wern't expecting, bathroon was on the small side but you could still get in the shower and use the toilet with out any trouble, could ajust shower to heat you like, Breakfast was exactly what i said (continental) made up off tea/coffie, toast, quassonts (sp) cereal, Could hace done with a full english but thats just my oppinion. beds made everyday, refills of water, tea/coffie, and biscuits. only down side was the kettle was not in a very clean state so we didn't use it. and as for the other reviews about the noise yes there is some noise from the surrounding areas but as there is everywere in london. Will be coming back!!!! OH and it rained the first night and the heater in the room warmed us up as it has a tempiture gadge. and the Wifi was there but couldn't log onto it.	
Nov 3 2009 	Avoid - the worst carpet in London!	Booked in here by my company for its vicinity to our meeting. The outside looks OK even though the street was run down but once inside I had to resist running away. As four of us were booked in and paid for we felt obliged to stayThe man on reception was pleasant but once we stepped out of the reception area into the neglected corridors it went down hill. The decor and carpets were dirty and stained - this continued into my room. I did not take of my shoes and socks to walk on the carpet as the carpet felt soggy. The bedlinen was clean and fresh otherwise I could not have stayed but the bath and in particular the shower curtain were disgusting - stained and rotting. I spent most of my time on the bed wondering how to get out of the room without standing on the carpet againI did not have a bedside table but a fridge........turned off and mouldy inside - I wish my curiosity had not made me open the door! There was no wardrobe but a contraption of a couple of poles and plastic hangers - better than putting my clothes on the soggy carpet I supposeThere was a TV - attached very firmly to the wall to prevent theft but so high up I had to lie on the bed to look up at itBreakfast - now that was an interesting experience. Not so much a breakfast room as 8 tables crammed into the smallest space possible with a waitress and a toaster. Oh, and a trolley with cereal already poured out and old rolls. Did I mention the carpet?	
Oct 16 2009 	Fine.	The best bit was the huge breakfast. The room and bathroom was very small, but clean. The only reason to stay here is to be close to King Cross.	
Sep 25 2009 	'Fleapit'	The worst hotel I have stayed in for a long time. There must be one room in the hotel that is clean and fresh - that is how they fool you with a nice photo and you see the odd decent review (or the owner has written it!). From the moment you leave the reception area, your heart sinks. The corridors are seriously tatty and look like they haven't been decorated in 40 years. The room was disgusting. I put down towels on the carpet as it looked so flea-ridden! Don't lift the bed cover up and look under the bed - your mind will be full of nightmares for years to come. The bed must have been 40 years old too! . I immediately tried to find another hotel but everything else was full so I stayed. Outside the noise from the main road and the local drunks was incessant all night. I slept on top of the bed with my clothes on and eventually got a few hours sleep. Reception staff were OK and towels/white sheets and bathroom were cleanish but that was about it. Room was tiny and bedside lamp had live wires visible. Internet didn't work in the room - only in reception. This hotel is the kind of place that gives London a bad name. With a little bit of effort, the owner could clean and decorate it and it would be half decent. But they haven't bothered in 40 years so not likely to do so now. Avoid at all costs...never again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good value - basic and clean	I was very pleased with this hotel and would definitely use it again if I needed somewhere cheap and near Kings Cross. The room was spotlessly clean and seemed recently decorated, with tea/coffee and biscuits. There was also a hairdryer, electric fan and Sky TV which is more than I expect to get in this price bracket. The only things I would criticise were that the TV remote didn't work and the curtains didn't close properly, but these are very minor quibbles. The road the hotel is on is fairly noisy all night, but that's central London for you. The continental breaky was good too, far better than some I have had! Staff were polite, friendly and helpful and there is 24 hour reception. All in all a really good bet if you are on a budget and need somewhere central to crash.	
Aug 27 2009 	Scary	I booked the Swinton Hotel as I had to take a last minute business trip and as with most companies at the moment we are being encouraged to keep our travel costs to a minimum. As a female travelling on my own I always look for nice comfortable smaller hotels, never again, in future ill be sticking to the big chains. I wish I had read the reviewsI I was lucky enough to get one of thier much sought after garden rooms! what a joke the garden was a yard with tins of paint rubbish etc everywhere and as the only window in the room were the french doors, I couldnt leave a window open (it was sweltering) because I felt unsafe. The bathroom was disgusting, it was basically a small wetroom with a toilet and sink in it which meant once I had a shower I could not go back in the room without getting wet feet. The T.V. was a joke no reception at all and the amount of wires and electrics coming from one plug adaptor was scary. The hotel was very noisy, dirty and seedy I felt very unsafe and did not sleep well, there were arguments in the street, other guests were noisy, I could even at one point hear furniture being moved around. I accept that cities are noiser than towns, but this was ridiculous. I went out to visit friends that evening and was told I had to leave my key, I understand that hotel staff could get in your room without your key if they wanted to but having to leave my key made me immediatley cautious and I am glad I did not have to leave valuables in the room. My journey home wasnt helped by the fact that the taxi driver refused to drop me outside the hotel and left me at the end of the road, where I could not get my bearings. I did not even attempt breakfast the next day, I was glad to get to my meeting.A very uncomfortable and unnerving place to stay, website is very misleading and not a place I would ever visit again, especially not on my own. The only good thing was the sheets were clean.	
Aug 27 2009 	Basic and Budget-Friendly Hotel... the real story!	Ok, I really don't know what people are expecting for the money.. be really honest, you're not going to get the Ritz for a double costing £59 a night in central London! The hotel itself is ideal for anyone with a strict budget who just needs a base to operate from. It's really close to Kings Cross/St Pancras station which is a blessing if you've got a long day of travel ahead of you. True the hotel itself does look grubby from the outside but they have tried their best to keep the inside looking presentable and clean. It's shockingly tricky to do this in high traffic central London! The staff were helpful and pleasant enough. They checked me in promptly and ordered me a taxi when I asked for one later without any attitude. No issues with me turning up after 2am from a night of clubbing either. If you want the fake, sugar-sweet, over friendly reception you get at some hotels, feel free to pay through the nose for this and stay elsewhere. The lift is a bit prehistoric but it works. My room was fair sized and was decorated to a basic but modern standard. It was freshly hoovered, had clean sheets on the bed and telly &amp; kettle worked. No issues with noise despite my room being on the same side as a 'main' road and being in the room directly opposite the lift. Despite the horror stories there was no hint of flea infestations, I checked!! The bathroom was clean but probably could do with a slight tweak here and there, however I feel they made the most of the space they had - toilet, sink and shower all worked fine and I didn't have any issues regarding there being no hot water of a morning... granted you do have to let the shower run for a little while before it gets to optimum temperature. The bottom line is that I've stayed in more expensive hotels where the standard has been *lower* than here in every respect. Continental breakfast is served right up until 10am, which is good if you prefer to sleep in slightly later. I cannot comment on the standard or quality of the food because I was running super late and it was more important that I caught my train than staying around to find out what the food was like!If you want more than than a basic place to lay your head, simply pay for a more expensive hotel. I would not have paid £80 for a double here though - if you do then you're getting ripped off and WILL be let down by the hotel. If you book directly from the website its cheaper than booking through Laterooms etc. All in all not a bad stay and not as dire as people have made it out to be.	
Jul 29 2009 	Swinton Hotel or The London Dungeon	My wife booked the hotel for it’s convenient location to the wedding reception we were attending and when I previewed it on the internet before our trip to London it looked clean, cosy and quite basic. My first impressions were daunted when we entered Swinton Street itself which looked jaded, dirty and neglected. We reached the outside of the hotel and were not encouraged or heartened by the scrappy paintwork and dusty curtains and we reluctantly entered the building to find nothing short of a hovel. We refused use of the lift and accepted the challenge of 3 flights of stairs. We were less intimidated by the garish pattern of the carpet than we were of the stains it failed to hide. We were also very cautious not to touch the filthy paintwork, which took a degree of skill considering the amount of luggage we had. The room contained a bed which boasted a surprisingly clean set of sheets. Other than that we were again predictably disappointed. Everything just looked and felt grubby. I’m getting flashbacks as I type of the rust encrusted toilet roll holder, the curtains which had black filth along the rims and the shower that was too small to actually shower in. To be honest, we weren’t expecting too much for our £80 - somewhere clean to change and to wash and to rest and to set us up with a hearty breakfast on our departure for our journey in the morning. The hotel failed to fulfil any of these requirements. When we awoke in the morning after an unsettled sleep – partly due to the brawl outside at 4am and partly due to the distress of having just wasted £80 – we were faced with the absurd situation of having no running water. Deprived of our basic morning ablutions we then braved the dining area for breakfast. By this time we had discarded hope and expected the worse. We were placed on a table next to what looked like an old washing mangle which was being used as a dumping area for the staffs bags and coats. The coffee was hot and the toast seemed fresh but that was really as far as we were prepared to push our luck. We evacuated the building as quickly as possible and... well... I’ve been having nightmares ever since.	
Jul 13 2009 	Disgusting	This was the most dreadful hotel I have ever experienced it was like something out of a horror movie. Smelly dirty room overlooking a block of noisy council flats which I witnessed a robbery on the last night of our stay. My friend and I felt very unsafe heard lots of strange noises and the gap under the door is so big anyone in the corrider could look in. Everything in the bathroom was rusty and the shower was so tiny. We left our window open the whole duration of the stay to try let the disgusting mouldy smell out. Breakfast was disgusting, a bit of toast and cereal served by waitresses who could not speak english.When checking out I used the toilet beside the reception, disgusting. The mans clothes from reception were rolled up in balls in the corners and there were dirty socks lying on the floor. DO NOT STAY HERE, its like the motel from Psycho run by norman bates although much dirtier.	
May 2 2009 	Avoid this one	We stayed for one night in this hotel, which looked convenient regarding its close location to St Pancras' Eurostar station. That was the good side of our stay in the swinton hotel.We payed 70 pounds for a double bed room, shower and WC included.We were given a room on the street side, with a thin glass window that wouln't close at all.. considering the street is actually a road, we were counting cars that couldn't stop passing and passing a few meters from us. the worst thing being the ventilation van : once you switch on the light in the bathroom, the ventilation starts working automatically, and stops only a couple of minutes after you've switched off the light. Our neighbour must have forgotten to switch off his light, therefore we couldn't sleep before 2 or 3 in the night (indeed it's not easy to get some rest with thin walls and a Boeing 747 reactor right behing them...)finally the breakfast was a joke so I won't comment it more than needed.on the following day we found another hotel, cheaper and much better! It was even closer to St Pancras.	
Mar 18 2009 	Hotel from Hell!!!!	I stayed at this skanky hotel just this weekend gone , i didnt enjoy my stay at all!! I arrived at the hotel and the first thing i noticed was the horrible stench going up my nose, it was disgusting!! The curtains were brown with stains, the net curtains were brown and dirty, the windowsill was full of dust and muck. Thats not the end of it oh no!!!! I went to have a shower and the whole bathroom flooded then you couldnt go back into the bathroom as the floor was dripping wet! The facilities were hurendous my tv stopped working and the staff done nothing about it also their was one member of staff who was very rude in the morning of my checkout, he started taking his anger out on the customers of the hotel. In didnt like my stay at all also i should mention that the carpet had never experienced henry the hoover!! i And i asked my neighbours about their stay and they were staying for a week and hadnt recieved any clean towels. I really wondnt recomend this hotel to anyone as they would most certainly not be satified. oh and another thing i should mention my boyfriend scolded his hand due to the kettle lid being faulty.	
Dec 22 2008 	fleas flourished dodt go there	moved to this hotel from one accross the road when we got back at 2315. (still dont know why as the rest of our party were not moved.) Room was filthy, carpet badly stained, tea and coffee but no milk and the cups were still dirty from the previous guests, no shaving socket so hubby had to travel home without shaving. The sink was blocked up with hair, so water took ages to drain. Couldn't get into bed as sheets were definitely not fresh, so slept on top with coat covering. The room was nothing like there website. Came home with multiple flea bites, so at least one living creature likes the rooms..	
Dec 1 2008 	Ok for one night but scare stories are not far off!!!	Me and my wife were only in London for one night, and were looking for a cheap hotel round Kings Cross that was nothing special, just a place that we could get some rest for the one night we were in London!We booked into the Hotel Swinton as it was only £70 for a double room, and was in the area we were wanting.The website of this hotel is very missleading, as it made it look very stylish and clean, but to be honest it is far from that!It is far from the worse hotel I have ever stayed in, and I am pretty open minded to some of teh stuff I read on here, but given the choice I would probably stay somewhere else next time!Good points about the hotel are location (short walk to Kings Cross) and the breakfast was really good, but there are more bad points!The actual rooms themselves are not to bad, but our room was burning as there was a heater we could not turn off, which lead to an uncomfertable sleep at night!The real problem was the bathroom, which had a strong smell of [--] and the lack of a chair in the bedroom (my wife had to put her make up on sitting on the bed with her pocket mirror).Anyone in London for one night and on a budget then this hotel does the job, but no chance I will stay in it again!	
Jul 29 2008 	Hell hole: Don't stay	Don't waste your time here for the following reasons:1) prostitutes and dodgy people walking around the hotel2) scary and rude staff at the check-in counter3) the room is literally hell, so dirty4) the toilet is so dirty and the floor is caving in, 5) there is no a/c, 6) the bed is full of bugs, that i got bittendo i need to go on?	
Mar 21 2008 	Dire Filthy Hovel!!!! Do Not Go!!!	If you value your safety, and cleanliness, under no circumstances should you stay in this flea hole!! My colleagues and I, three young females, were due to stay here for 5 nights, lets just say we didn't stay for 5 minutes!! We were guarnteed a triple room and had 2 single beds and one piece of foam on the floor. Sheets were dirty, towels were dirty, walls were stained, no where to hang clothes, communal areas smelt damp. I had bites on my arms and my colleague had a bite on her leg. I am in the process of writing a scathing letter to trading standards to try and shut this hovel down. Enter at your own peril!!!!	
Oct 9 2007 	Bad news - dirty	Dont go here, this hotel is unclean and the staff are awful. Their web site makes the place seem much better than it really is.	
Sep 8 2007 	Better than I was expecting	Stayed in this hotel September 2007 for one night. it was booked as a spur of the moment decision and after reading previous reviews I was quite dubious regarding what the hotel would be like, also the fact that the taxi driver had never heard of the hotel made us even more wary! However, on arrival, although basic, the room was clean and quite spacious, altho smelt slightly foisty. Staff were pleasant and helpful giving directions etc. Not too far from St Paul's Cathedral. Breakfast was good - cereal, tea/coffee, toast, juice etc. This hotel was ok as a one off but I doubt I would stay here again, I would recommend staying in the covent garden area as this is much more lively and interesting.	
Aug 2 2007	Steer clear of the scary owner	When you get a room in a London hotel for £42, you can't expect fantastic quality and awesome facilities. What you should be able to expect is politeness from staff, and maybe even a welcoming smile. Having taken my room key out of the hotel (apparently against the rules - not that i'd been told), I was the subject of a verbal tirade from London's equivalent of Basil Fawlty. The rooms are tiny, badly decorated and poorly equipped. It is however very convenient for Kings Cross station....	
Aug 1 2007 	Not Good	Website looks good but don't be fooled. The hotel looks nothing like their website. DUMP.	
Jun 16 2007 	A great disappointment!	This hotel was a total disappointment. Their marketing staff have done a great job through their website. In reality - a very different story. There were 2 beds in a room that was meant to sleep only one. It was claustrophobic and the space so limited that we had to put our bags on top of each other if we still wanted to reach the bathroom. It was dirty like it has not been cleaned in weeks. The staff was unfriendly. You have to pay in full in advance and if you have a longer stay - you are bound to just pull through somehow. Will not go back there and will not recommend this to anyone.	
Jun 2 2007 	ok just for 1 night	Stayed here for 1 night got the family room which was fine. Added bonus of a little kitchenette. But bathroom was very very grotty. But the water was piping hot. Staff ok, Breakfast was continental but a good choice. Central location. Lovely italian Mediteraniun 5 min walk away	
May 19 2007	Nightmare	I cannot recommend this hotel. The staff is absolutely dreadful and they do nothing to solve your problems that they created in the first place........	
Feb 6 2007 	preferred to be outside	Carpet was dirty, there were dead flies everywhere so i can only imagine the room hadn't been used for some time, can't tell whether the bed linen had been washed as it was old, the bed was made up though. Hair everywhere i'm also talking pubic as well. There was some attempt at cleaning the toilet though the cleaning fluid had dripped down the pan. The positives are :The room smelt okay, good breakfast although the juices were not rotated so best to take one from the front of the breakfast trolley . The views from windows interesting, can't imagine why anyone would want to live in a mess. Hotel not far from main shopping area, a map or walking sat nav neccessary.	
Oct 22 2006	Functional but clean...	I visit this hotel quite regularly. It would be easier to get a hotel in a big corporate chain through my employers, but this costs them less, and actually I prefer it. The rooms have a modern appearance, and are very clean, and theres good tv reception (they seem to be moving over to digital, but possibly with the odd hitch.)It's quiet (ask for a room at the back for complete quiet!), convenient, staff are friendly, and breakfast, while not full english, is fine.On the downside, this isn't the place I'd take my girlfriend for a romantic weekend, and the corridors smell a bit. But then at these prices, I dont mind a few rough edges.	
Oct 18 2006 	nice	This hotel is small but lovely. The staff are very friendly and helpful. However, the elevator is quite old and make some scary noise. Overall it's nice. I would recomend this hotel.	
Oct 16 2006 	Stay away	I expect a 64 pound hotel to have a working WC but this hotel hadn't and they failed to fix it.They also state that the have wireless internet but the staff I met couldn't inform me if it was working.No bedlamp.	
Jul 9 2006	poor	horrible ... rooms are narrow, smells, showers in actually combined with the toilette (do not image it), funny electrical installations	
May 22 2006	Decent and clean but don't expect more	We searched for a decent hotel near downtown London in the 70-80 Pounds (we spent 70 here) and found this small 2 stars (and not one more) hotel conveniently located at about a 10 minute walk from the Kings Cross Metro station. The hotel room was clean but really small. They provided us with fresh towels every day (we stayed for 4 nights). The bathroom was tiny and a bit funky. The sink sported two separated faucets (hot and cold), the bedroom had a very small TV, a fridge a fan (for those few hot days). Overall, if you do not want to spend a fortune and stay in a clean place near a tube access, this is an OK place.	
Mar 31 2006	Stay away from this Hotel	Terrible, we boked this hotel for 4 nights on March 2006. We got the Garden view, it had to be a joke the view was of a patio with mold and cigarrete buts!!. The hall to our room wasn't wide enough to fit our lugage. The bathroom had no separation between the toilet and the shower. We left this hotel just minutes after arriving. There are 3 Travelodge hotels that charge the same in the surrounding area, they charge the same as this hotel and are way better.	
Feb 6 2006	Perfect modest hotel!	This is another small, English hotel in a converted block of flats. Located in a regular, safe neighborhood near Kings Cross, a great hub for getting around London (10 min walk).The staff were friendly &amp; helpful, the main areas were clean and looked after, and the room, while small, was comfortable and warm. The shower/toilet was a bit bizarre, but everything worked!Not expensive, I paid about £45 a night, I was really happy with it and recommend to the traveller who just wants a clean place to lay their head at night.	
May 24 2005	fantastic	stayed at this fantastic hotel feb 2005 in the Bradford suite. My husband and myself could not fault this hotel in any way. Ther view from our room was amazing. The food was fabulous and the service was impeccable, nothing was too much trouble! We enjoyed our stay so much we are returning in July to stay in the Turret room,Can't wait.	
Nov 18 2004	Not Bad...	I can say that I rather enjoyed my stay at the Swinton Hotel. I received an internet rate of 45 pounds per night. I am satisfied with saying that I got what I paid for. It is, what it is: a small hotel, with small rooms, small beds and small bathrooms. The room that I stayed in was very clean. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. It was nice to have the ability to make either coffee or tea in the room. The refrigerator was good to have also. Breakfast, which is included in the rate, was slightly above average. The location was good, especially due to the number of stores and restaurants close by. Also, public transportation is easily available.I might possibly stay at Swinton again someday	
Aug 24 2004	Not recommended	We booked a double en-suite room.The main problem was the &quot;en-suite&quot; which turned-out to be a small wardrobe-size affair with see-through ranch-style swing-doors ie no privacy whatsoever. After flushing the toilet we had to wait 10 minutes before it would flush again. The shower had almost no pressure. The &quot;bathroom&quot; (converted wardrobe?) had a build-up of grimy gunge between the tiles, not an attractive sight.We made our excuses and left a.s.a.p.What do you expect for £55 per night in London? you might ask.I would never have beleived that it would be permissible to advertise this as a recently refurbished hotel. Never Again!!!	
Aug 10 2004	Good deal	Small but *clean* rooms, clean bathrooms, breakfast was OK but not great, overall a good deal for London. I would go back	
Oct 25 2009 	Passez votre chemin ...		
Oct 3 2008 	???????????????		
Jul 3 2006	Non portarci la ragazza!		
