	Fantastic and would definatly go back	Once i had booked this hotel i started to get slightly worried about some of the reveiws i read regarding rude staff and the hotel not being 4*. Well i had nothing to worry about, i got exactly what you would expect from a 4* hotel, yes the rooms were slighlty small but me and my husband shared for 2 nights and we did not find it a problem at all. The hotel i located just outside Great Portland Street tube station within easy reach of Oxford Street. We also required a taxi and the hotel staff very kindly had one waiting for us within minutes.The hotel bar prices were very reasonable considering you are in the centre of london. A pint of beer and a JD and coke was £7 - £8.We had contiental breakfast included in our rate but decided to have this as breakfast in bed which was lovely and only at an extra cost of £2.50. All in alll i had a lovely time, and considering i work for a hotel in essex i was looking for fault and could not find it.	
Nov 25 2009 	Delightful Hotel	Just back from a stay at th Fitzrovia. The hotel is situated a 5 min walk from Portland Street Tube and 10 min walk from Regents Park and Madame Tausuads Wax museum. On arriaval staff very friendly and helpful. Room was very clean,decor was warm and comfy. Breakfest was continental and included in room rate, but for a few pounds extra a cooked option was also available.My stay at this hotel was very enjoyable and relaxing. I would stay here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Smart Hotel if a little pricey	Very comfortable hotel in the heart of London's medical district, adjacent to Harley Street, Wigmore Street. Well cared for hotel, receptionists very pleasant and helpful. Very comfortable room, good breakfast.	
Nov 2 2009 	Not bad. Excellent Breakfast.	Ended up here after appalling catalogue of mistakes by sister hotel the Grange Rochester which had cancelled my booking in error, arranged for me to go to Fitzrovia but gave the taxi driver the wrong address so it took nearly an hour to get there and as a final display of incompetence had faxed the details of the wrong customer through. As a result of all this I was unable to get to the theatre and, would you believe it, the Rochester is still arguing about refunding the cost of the theatre (it was only £13.00).With this background, the Fitzrovia was going to have to do well to impress and I must grudginglay admit that it didn't do badly. The staff were pleasant and efficient. The downstairs lounges looked large and comfortable. The bedroom had a standard Grange hotels' decor and layout but was comfortable and had what was needed. Breakfast was excellent, freshley cooked with good variety and very nice staff.	
Oct 28 2009 	Poor Customer Service - Would not recommend	A friend and I stayed at this hotel earlier this year. The hotel location itself if pretty good. We used trip advisor to pick this hotel. Check in went ok although the reception staff were not very friendly. Our room was nice enough and reasonably spacious. We booked B&amp;B. The first morning there was no problem. However when we went for breakfast the second morning we had a terrible experience. We sat at our table and ordered tea. Within a minute we were presented with a bill.. before we even ate anything!! I let the waitress know breakfast was included in our rate but she was quite argumentative and said it was not and she had checked with reception. I had to leave my friend at the table with all the people at tables around us staring and go upstairs to reception to sort it out. They said they speak with her. When I came back down I told the girl that breakfast was included. She was very rude, did not apologise and gave us dirty looks for the rest of breakfast. Reception did not really apologise either. We didn't even bother going to breakfast on the last morning. We didn't want any more problems. Even if breakfast was not included I have never been anywhere you have to pay for your meal before you eat it. I would not rate this hotel at 4* at all. I filled out a customer survey at the time but never received a reply. They need to work on their customer service!	
Oct 27 2009 	Cosmetically nice hotel which fails to live up to the gloss	I booked this hotel as a crash in London after an evening event because of it's convenient location so we viewed the venue as a crash pad nothing more. My partner checked in and I arrived much later.The hotel is really well located for central London and was very easy to get to.The reception wasn't fantastically sign-posted but it's compact size meant I didn't have far to look for the desk to collect my key. However this is where the positivity of the experience ended. The room was in the basement, which in principle I have no problem with, but until midnight I could hear the Underground trains rolling beneath us and I was awoken the next morning to the sound of deep rumblings.The bath/shower was a nightmare/dangerous to get in or out of because of it's ridiculous height above the floor (and I am a tall man!). The bedroom was very spacious, but this was because the bed was only suitable for a child and NOT two adults. The décor was pleasant if not a little worn in places. The windows were a little draughty and not very ecologically friendly.I can't recommend this venue because they have such rooms, I doubtless accept that everyone who has not stayed in the basement will have had a good stay but we did not. If a venue is to be assessed it must mainly be on the quality of sleep and we did not have a good nights sleep.	
Oct 22 2009 	Quick overnight stay but very satisfying!	I stayed here overnight when I first arrived in London. I arrived early so the hotel held my bags and when I checked in, they delivered them to my room very efficiently. My room was small, although suitable for one person. All the comforts of a regular 4 star hotel, although my room didn't have a bar fridge. They're only in the Executive Rooms. Walking distance to Tube stops and shops. Recommend to anyone on a short stay visit.	
Oct 20 2009 	All you need	We stayed here for a week at the beginning of October. It's a small hotel in a great location.The room was cosy with a very comfortable bed. All the usual tea, coffee facilities were there. I liked that camomile tea was provided. I like to drink that at night. The bath was big enough for a relaxing soak and the hot water was plentiful.The tube is a 2 minute walk and so is Regents park. All of central London is a short walk or a short tube ride away. The only fault, is that the breakfast room is small and we felt a bit cramped in there,but hey we ate and left. The food was ok. The coffee was awful,but Pret is a short walk away and we had good coffee there. Have the tea at breakfast and you will be Ok. The staff were very nice,pleasant and helpful. We would stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great hotel and location...	My friend and I stayed at this hotel after trawling through many London hotel websites... the Grange group was recommended to me so I eventually picked this one and glad I did. Its location is fantastic, Great Portland Street tube very close-by and we walked from Euston Train Station which was about ten minutes. We also walked to the Theatre District - about 15 mins. There are some nearby pubs and restaurants but we didn't make it to any of them unfortunately. The room was very clean and spacious enough for our 2 night stay. We slept with the windows open which made it quite noisy as our room faced onto the street but the room had double paned windows so I'm sure noise wouldn't be a problem... Breakfast was buffet style with yoghurts, fruit, bread, toaster, pastries, cereals, jam, ham, cheese, juices, tea and coffee... what more do you want really? The staff were friendly and polite and helpful when we asked for anything. I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to London...	
Oct 2 2009 	Neat convenient few amenities and bit on the expensive side.	The hotel is conveniently located. It is close to the Greater Portland tube station. Across the street from the hotel is a fine restaurant, The Villandry. The proximity of Regent Park is great for guest who want to get a walk or run in during their stay. The hotel offers very few amenities: no wifi, no gym facilities. My room was small and clean. The room layout was not conducive to doing work at the desk in the room. The TV took up most of the space on the desk. Bottom line: Nice, simple, hotel, but very pricey.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Location	I have stayed in this hotel both on leisure and business trips and it is great. The location makes it good for me as it is a short walk to Oxford Street (Shopping), Regents Park (walking), the West End (shows) and my office.The hotel itself is great - it can be a bit noisy if you are on the front and have the windows open (the hotel rooms are v warm), the staff are all approachable and pleasant, the food at breakfast is great.The prices can be very good if you book online in advance. There are lots of places nearby to eat (pubs and restaurants) and a v good Blues bar on Charlotte Street.	
Sep 26 2009 	Lovely Stay	We booked this hotel 5 months prior to staying as part of an Anniversary present. Read the reviews during this time and had no concerns about staying. The location is ideal - 20 minute walk to Leicester Square and Regent Parks 5 minutes way. Rooms nice and clean and beds comfortable. Would stay again but think we got a good price as we booked so early.	
Sep 24 2009 	Brilliant hotel right in the heart of London	Have stayed in this hotel on two separate occasions and loved it. Rooms are quite spacious for a Central London Hotel and there was no noise of any kind at night. Rooms are well decorated although could do with a little touch up here and there. Food in hotel was lovely and staff were very approachable and friendly . . . one of the concierges actually went to the local shop for cigarettes at 11:30pm for my friend as he thought she shouldn't go on her own! Oxford Street is only 5 minutes walk from the hotel which is great for all shopaholics! Its also very handy to Covent Garden and Theatreland if you fancy a Show.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great hotel for the money	We stayed at the hotel from the 19th og august to the 24. We had an excellent stay. The hotel is a 10 min. walk from oxfrod street in a very nice quite area. We had clean towels every day and a free complimentary newspaper. The room was very nice with a big bathroom. The breakfast buffet was also very nice but a bit expensive, It was a bit hot in the room but, all in all we had a lovely time. I would stay there another time.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good - maybe not 4star	We booked this hotel as a theatre deal with ticket tree. The hotel is nice and central within walking distance of Portland Street and Regent Street tube stations and is not far from Oxford Street. Ticket Tree arranged for a room upgrade (well worth calling to book instead of booking online!). The room was a good size with a nice comfortable bed and air con. All the facilities were there and the staff were friendly enough. I wouldn't say there was much difference between a 3 star outside London and here but it was a comfortable, hassle free stay. W would quite happily stay here again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice hotel good location	Very conveniently located hotel for a meeting at the Royal Institute of British Architects on Portland place. Couldn't find the air-conditioning that was described in the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms but the room itself was a decent sized for London with a large bathroom. Got an excellent rate on their own website but didn't try the breakfast, which seemed very expensive. A Sainsbury supermarket is about 20 yards away.	
Aug 11 2009 	friendly hotel nice rooms	we stayed at the grange fitzrovia for 1 night to see a show, although it was a fair walk to shaftsbury ave, it was a nice location, we were prepared and happy to walk.the reception was friendly on arrival, checked in quickly.found our room, to be very nice,large, spacious, huge bed which was very comfortable , lovely clean bathroom.it didnt have air con though, and had windows open as it was hot. was quiet at the time so ok. but...4am the dustbin men done the rounds emptying bottle bins, so that was a little disturbing, but not really the fault of the hotel.breakfast room was bright breezy and calm. seated quickly by friendly staff, not much to choose from in the way of contintental breakfast,just croissants cheese ham fruit, but not much bread/rolls.although you could pay extra for full english.the bar by reception we stayed in after our show had a nice relaxed atmosphere, very reasonable drinks, and very friendly happy staff. the sofas were a little tired, well used.overall, a nice welcoming hotel the staff made it very pleasant. always smiling and courteous.a bit of a walk into the main parts of interest oxford st, theatre land, covent garden..but we like to walk anyway.nice room, better than i expected.huge bed.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good value for the location	I stayed in this hotel to attend a conference nearby. My room was of reasonable size and the bed was very comfortable, but the decor was very dark and the kettle located in a wall cupboard which was rather odd. I was there with several colleagues and all those of us with rooms facing the front of the hotel had our sleep disturbed by the French restaurant opposite emptying its bottles into the recycling bin at 1am and then the delivery van for the local Sainsbury's arriving between 4 and 5am.The staff are very helpful (and very efficient at finding taxis), but don't bother with breakfast at this hotel - we were all on a room-only rate and breakfast was another £26 -a rip off! The room rate, though, is reasonable value for this area of London - you'd need to travel further from the centre to find anywhere much cheaper.Another reviewer recommended Efe's Turkish restaurant nearby. Our party ate there too and found the food delicious, the staff friendly and the ambience very jolly. We had a hearty meal and drinks for a tad over £20 a head, including tip.	
Jun 19 2009 	Very good location!	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and I love the location! It's really convenient. The tube station is less than 5 mins walk. There are restaurants, cafes and pubs nearby and the food is pretty decent as well. Grocery stores just around the corner so you can get your necessities almost 24-7. I also liked that it's in a nice, quiet area of London where it's not swarming with tourists but not so quiet that you don't safe walking alone at night. I found my room really spacious so perhaps I got a free upgrade? The room was clean in general. However the furniture is really old (couldn't close the cupboard doors properly). The walls &amp; ceiling are yellowish. Even the sheets looked worn out. The service was acceptable, no bad experience and neither was it exceptional. Used the internet broadband connection in the room and it was of reasonable speed as well. Note that only LAN connection is available.	
Jun 18 2009 	prompt efficient friendly service	excellent location-walking distance of euston station ,regents park(and zoo) and approx 10mins walk from oxford road. Friendly efficient staff, clean and quiet room.On arrival we were given a free upgrade, the room was moderately sized and the ensuite was compact but both well equipped. Continental breakfast is included at weekends in pleasant dining room. Efes 2 Turkish restaurant in next road was excellent £30 each meze +wine ,while in the opposite adjacent rd another small turkish bistro was simple wholesome food for £10-both recommended. Online booking of hotel much cheaper than stated room costs at reception.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent location lovely staff	A friend and I stayed here on their late rooms rate on Friday 29th May. The hotel is in a brilliant location with trendy Marylebone High Street shops and restaurants nearby and easy access to West End and to Regents Park. The breakfast room is lovley and bright and the food good. Staff very friendly. The room was slighly tired and the furniture was straight out of a 'kit out your hotel' catalogue, but It was comfortable and well equiped. Over all highly recommended.	
Jun 8 2009 	Tiny room in a good location at an excellent price.	The room was very small, even by London standards. The room held a double bed, a chair and a small desk. The flat TV sat on the desk. There was also a closet with some shelves. The bathroom was nice and not too cramped, but only soap, shampoo and shower gel were provided (no lotion, no conditioner). The bed was comfortable. The staff was accommodating and helpful. The hotel had a business center off of the lobby, charged an exorbitant fee for use of the internet on their computer.	
Jun 2 2009	Comfortable hotel in great location	We stayed at the Grange Fitzrovia for two nights Friday to Sunday. We found a great deal through hoteldoorman.com. The hotel is in a great location, just a short stroll from Great Portland Street tube and Oxford Street. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The best thing about the hotel was the bedroom. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Plush furnishings, lots of pillows and cushions, thick heavy curtains and carpets and all the amenities you could wish for. Air con, flat screen TV, hairdryer, Sky TV was a bonus also. Restaurant although a little cramped was comfortable and the food was adequate. I would definitley recommend this small, friendly hotel to anyone visiting the West end/Oxford Street area and I would almost certainly stay there again.	
Apr 29 2009 	They need to "up the ante"!!!.....	My partner and I have stayed in this hotel before in one of their standard rooms,which, frankly was on the small side so this time we upgraded to an executive room and expected to be impressed. Not so! The room was indeed larger than the standard with a bathroom instead of just a shower but we were provided with one tiny soap, one bath gel and one shampoo between the two of us! We've had more in a Travelodge! The complimentary tea and coffee contained just 2 English tea bags (in England!) adequate coffee and sugar but just one biscuit for us to share!The bed was still not large but at least was comfortable but the person who sleeps on the right side could not see the TV properly as there was a concrete pillar in the way!Overall I would say the hotel was good but they need to tweak their facilities or their prices a little to provide the same standard as their competitors.	
Apr 23 2009 	Up market B	I stayed at the fitzrovia (27-29mar) as birthday treat for my wife and our kids.Now the only good thing we found about this hotel was the locationnow the bad,we checked in and went to our box room?as my wife &amp; kids had alreadyeaten i thought i would try a bar snack ,after waiting at the bar for 15min i had to go and look for some body to serve meThat night we took in a show and had really good time .But the next morn the 4 star (ha ha)fitzrovia brought us crashing back down, it wasbreakfast time where in the crowded restaurant you had Q for warm fruit juice, stalecheese/ham,toast(toaster only toasts one side) oh try the cereal it was ok(milk warm)Now this hotel is only 10min from oxford/regent street so as there were 3 girls on this tripwe went shopping phew,so i sneaked away to buy my wife a birthday gift then went backto the b&amp;b.sorry hotel.to wait for them.While waiting i thought i would have a glass of the only draught beer/lager only to findthat the barrel was empty &amp; he would/could not change it(why not?) so i just went backto my closet(room)and looked at the peeling wallpaperI am sorry this is not a good hotel the staff were rude and very very slow(maybe their English is the problem).This was not even a good b&amp;bTony/Sonia	
Apr 10 2009 	brillant	really enjoyed my stay in this hotel the rooms were lovely. the staff could not do enough to help. great location 5 mins from oxford st for the first time ever I managed to avoid the underground and walk every where. the hotel is ideally located to portland street and euston with some lovely restaurant and bistro's nearby. my teenage daughter who is very hard to please thought the hotel was lovely and would recommend it to others. Got a great price and would stay again	
Mar 28 2009 	Zoo-Hotel	I'm employed by a British public organisation and this hotel was offered to our 25-member Armenian group by colleagues in the UK, as they had previously had good experience with the Grange chain hotels. Among our group were 3 very high-level Armenian politicians and 2 journalists, and it was very important to make these people's stay as positive as possible. However, this hotel did it's best to ruin our expectations and our so far excellent reputation.First of all one of our politicians was checked into a room, where a couple was already staying and he was put in the awkward situation of opening the door in the middle of the night and disturbing the couple's stay.The rest of the group was checked into rooms with dirty bed linen, with hair of unknown origin here and there, and most horrible - bed bugs! As it was later discovered, the London Zoo is right next door and therefore it was not at all surprising to see any sort of creatures in your room. The hotel however made an excuse that this could have happened because of the previous hotel guests who might have brought the bugs in their luggage, however one of the employees of the hotel made it clear that this was a known problem and that the hotel can do nothing about this. And moreover, he said that it was probably impossible to find a worse hotel in the whole of London. And even though I didn't see any live bugs in my bed and had a dreadful night anyway, I had to visit a doctor upon my arrival home because of some skin problems and find out that in fact I had been bitten by the bed bug and need thorough disinfecting treatment now! I'm not sure if I'll be able to sue the hotel for this nightmare, but I will definitely not leave it like this. I must, however admit, that once we were moved to the other hotel in the Grange chain, Grange Holburn, we had a wonderful stay there.In short, if you care about your health, don't ever stay at this hotel.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great deal would stay again.	Great location, on a central line, just around the corner from Charlotte Street, which has great non-touristy restaurants. We stayed on the 2nd floor next to the stairway door, so we got noise at night and also a lot of noise from the street. Breakfast costs 15 quid, for cereal, toast, and some tinned fruit. There are nicer cafes in the area that offer a better breakfast for cheaper. The hotel staff were helpful and polite, but not very well informed.We got an excellent price for our room, and I would most definitely stay here again if we got that deal. It is an absolutely beautiful hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	Good Value Excellent Location	THe hotel is in a great location, basicallly between Soho and Euston Street Station and in a pleasant and quiet area just off Great Portland Street.The room we had was clean and perfectly fine and the breakfast buffet in the morning was included and offered a high quality continental breakfast with plenty of choice.I would definately stay here again based on the relatively good rates and location.	
Mar 1 2009 	No Noise Hard to believe you are in Central London	This hotel has alot going for it* Very clean - this is always my first priority when booking a hotel - rooms serviced each day - clean towels, free paper etc.* Stayed in a standard size room - no problem with size - double bed grand, safe in roomhad a bottle of water from mini bar - paid £2 for that when leaving - no problems at all with our bill*Great Location close to tube stations* Very Quite Area - no noise from traffic and we had a room at the front of the hotel* Excellent staff - very willing to help and give advise on buses, tubes etc.* Very close to Oxford St. handy for shopping and easy to drop bags back to hotel* Great hotel if you are going to see a show* Some lovely little restaurants on side streets between hotel and Oxford StreetVery good experience would definitely stay here again - very good standard for a London Hotel	
Feb 13 2009 	Not a bad hotel small bed and plain breakfast	Not a bad hotel, clean, friendly with a decent efficent check in.Room was clean and a good sized bathroom with decent towels etc . The bad points first the bed was a bit small (small double) bedroom was fine with all you need tv-cupboard space safe etc .The breakfast was plain and not very enspiring cereal and fruit was fine continental breakfast was cold processed ham and no flavor cheese slice/ also if they took away 2 tables in the breakfast room every one would have enough space (was never full at any one time). This is about average for hotels now but still not good enough for a 4* gaff.Good points good looking hotel in a great location walk to Euston sta or Oxford st in 15 mins -5 min from Gt portland st station some fine restraunts close -We didnt try the hotel restraunt no reason just never got to it so cannot comment. If you are staying for a show or easy access to Soho/oxford street i would stay . I would stay again it is better for location and service than many others 4* is just about right (just) Bar for evening wind down was reasonable and well stocked	
Feb 1 2009 	Excellent location for a good hotel	My husband &amp; I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel. Having had a bad experience at another hotel in the same chain a few years ago, we managed to negotiate a reasonable price with them for our visit to Grange Fitzrovia. When we arrived, they told us they were upgrading us to an executive room &quot;just because it was possible&quot; so that was a nice touch. They were a bit taken aback when we wanted to pay by debit card rather than credit card though and said in that case they'd have to block the mini bar and make the phone incoming calls only (didn't bother us as we didn't plan to use either of them). This seemed to be more of an issue to the staff than it was to us and it was obvious they would rather we had paid by credit card! The room was slightly on the small side but other than that we couldn't fault it. It was well cleaned, as you would expect and had all the appliances you should need (flatscreen tv, kettle, iron and ironing board). Papers were delivered in the morning free of charge.Breakfast was continental and although was nothing to shout home about it was fine. One strange thing though was that on the Friday morning there was a choice of hot food (scrambled egg, mushrooms, hash browns etc) in addition to the toast, cereals, fruits on offer. But on the Saturday there was no hot food and the menu on the table advised it would cost extra for that option!The best thing this hotel has going for it is the location. It's a few minutes walk straight down from Great Portland Street tube and is very easy to find. It's only a 15 minute walk to Kings Cross, and 5 minutes to Oxford Street. Before we had got our bearings we made the mistake of getting the tube to Covent Garden and later realised we could have walked it much quicker!If I could get a good deal on the price again I wouldn't hesitate to stay here next time I'm in London.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed here for 2 nights on a Friday and Saturday. Room small but very well kept and good decor. Staff very friendly and even though it was only a continental breakfast the selection was fantastic. The best bit though was the location, Gt Portland St station was under a minutes walk and Warren Street was only 2 mins. Good restaurants around the hotel too. Can recommend the Istanbul Meze on Cleveland St just behind the hotel.	
Jan 16 2009 	Fabulous hotel	This Hotel was excellent. Very professional &amp; friendly staff. Beautiful surroundings. Rooms were great &amp; very comfortableThe location is excellent - a two minute walk from the nearest underground, a five minute walk from Oxford Street.. Overall a fabulous hotel.	
Jan 6 2009 	Fab Fab Fab	This Hotel was - in a word - Charming. Lovely staff, Concierge was very good, rooms were great - Very comfy bed. Overall I thought was very good for a 4*. (Oh and we got upgraded....for no reason at all!!)Great Hotel &amp; Location &amp; already planning to re visit! Would Highly recommend!! x	
Jan 3 2009 	Comfortable and quiet stay	We stayed at the Fitzrovia for two nights over New Years 2008/09. The main reason for booking the hotel was the good value compared to other hotels in the central London area.We booked a Double Executive which was a nice decent size with a huge comfortable King Size bed. The room was tastefully decorated with a big plasma TV in the corner. The room is certainly on the better side of average without being WOW!The bathroom was average, but the shower was nice and powerful. However there was no hot water when we were showering to go out on New Year's Eve. It was only barely luke warm!! I guess there was high demand but still it should be a given when paying good money for a hotel. The room(301) was very quiet and we heard nothing from other rooms. The heat in the room was however a little overpowering.Everything was very clean and the staff were quite friendly.The breakfast was a good continental breakfast with lovely fresh baked croissants.Beware checkout is 11 o'clock and not 12. We were caught out by this.All in all a pleasant stay in a convenient but quiet location just 10 mins stroll to Oxford St.	
Jan 2 2009 	Our room was tiny (410) but posh feel of the hotel and great location	We stayed at The Fitzrovia on NYE because of the price difference between this hotel and the overpriced other hotels in London. The hotel gives a nice impression when you walk in nicely decorated in an oldy worldy type of way ie, not modern but I like that feel in London. Everywhere was clean but when we walked into the room (again good decor) but it was tiny and so was the bathroom. If you leant forward whilst sitting on the loo you could have banged your head on the sink and your leg was resting on the side of the bath.The cupboard in the room was nice and spacious though so lots of room for hanging and hiding your weekend bag. The tv had loads of channels and you had a cute little cupboardy thing on the wall which contained the kettle and cups for tea making. There was also an iron and ironing board. The bed was no way a double. I think it was a single and a half max!All the staff we met or spoke to were friendly and nice. The breakfast offered that morning was only 'continental' but cereal, fruit, yoghurt, pastries and toast was perfectly acceptable and was included in the cost of our stay.So overall - great location for Oxford Street, nice decor/clean but tiny room and tiny bed. Perfectly acceptable for one night and I would prefer to stay here than a Travelodge! I would stay again and recommend if ONLY staying for one night. Oh, one last thing permit parking everywhere and so had to stay in NCP Car Park (2 seconds away from hotel) which cost £35. The Great Portland Street station is only a stones throw away (two stops from Kings Cross) so maybe get the train here if you wanna cut costs.	
Dec 10 2008 	Pretty good stay	Stayed for just the one night on business and can't really find fault. It's a decent hotel in a pretty decent location. Breakfast wasn't too bad either (I've had a lot, lot worse). Only downside was there was a little bit of noise from the tube running underneath the hotel. Would I say again? Probably.	
Dec 8 2008 	10 minute walk to classy Marylebone high street	I wanted a pleasant location within walking distance of nice shops and cafes and to be within a cheap taxi ride to the West End theatres - I could not have chosen better.I got a good deal through show and stay website - so had a fab time at les mis plus a lovely room (£40 to updgrade to executive standard). Nice quiet room, attentive staff, taxis booked within minutes to anywhere. Great Portland Street underground a few minutes up the road with Regents Park right beside. 5 minute walk to Harley Street (lovely buildings and nice atmosphere) and 10 minutes to Marylebone high street, where there is a Conran shop plus other lovely boutiques. It is 10 minutes walk to Oxford Street, a little further to Regents Street and maybe 25 mins max walk to the start of the theatres.I travel loads with work and was pleased that the hotel was better than I had imagined from some of the comments I had read. I certainly would recommend an executive room in this hotel if you have already done all the major sights in London and want to focus more on being close to the West End and pottering...	
Dec 7 2008 	Great location	This hotel was our base for a hen weekend in London which involved a matinee at the Victoria Apollo theatre and a night out in Leicester Square. Positioned 5mins walk from Great Portland Street underground (circle, met and hammersmith lines) and about 10mins walk from Oxford Circus (central, bakerloo and victoria lines) it was the perfect location for us. The hotel was well presented and the rooms clean and comfortable. Room 201 was a good size with twin beds, sofa and the normal mod cons. I was expecting a smaller room in a city hotel so was pleasantly surprised.	
Nov 25 2008 	No Problem	Just returned from a two night stay. Cannot find any faults with this hotel. We had an executive double room booked, which was clean with excellent facilities and service. Will deffinately stay again.	
Nov 24 2008 	Very satisfied	Initially found this hotel on LastMinute.com but booked it direct as it was cheaper. Stayed Thursday and Friday - room rates varied and Fridays included continental breakfast. Both though were booked very last minute and the rates were very good savings on published ones.Staff were very polite and friendly, reception very efficient.Chose an executive room ,which whilst slightly more expensive, I believed was worth it as it was surprisingly spacious. As previous reviewers have mentioned the rooms appear to have been refurbished recently and ours was excellent both in decor and cleanliness.Small but well appointed bar, prices reasonable for drinks.Very convenient to Oxford Street (10 mins walk) and Great Portland St Tube Station (2 mins walk). Plenty of good reasonable restaurants all around. Full breakfast at £18 seemed expensive especially as I obtained full English within a couple of minutes at £5!!Overall extremely well pleased with this hotel, ticked all the boxes, would definitely use again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Highly recommend - a great hotel	I have just come back from a great stay in this hotel. I was very apprehensive booking it based on some of the reviews, however, I could not fault the hotel nor the staff. The hotel is located 10 mins on foot from Oxford street in a neighbourhood that has lovely restaurants, coffee shops and pubs. On arrival at the hotel, the staff were very friendly, welcoming and helpful. (We asked about theatre tickets - straight away the conceirge was on the phone to the theatre and came back to us with options on prices and seats).We had a twin room that was spacious, immaculate and very comfortable. The corridors, lifts, bar, etc. were also spotless.Breakfast was included in the price and was a very generous continental buffet - lots of variety and loads of everything!We booked our room directly with the hotel and got a fantastic price, lower than any of the 'travel web sites'.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for an upmarket place to stay in a very central location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Not a 4 Star in London	My husband and I stayed 2 nights at this hotel as part of a 2 week trip (London and Paris).Positives: friendly staff, quiet street, close to Tube station, continental breakfast was goodNegatives: dirty carpet, dirty bed comforter, 2 phones in room and neither worked, hallway was very loud in the morning (not soundproofed at all).Overall, I would rate this a European low-3 star hotel.	
Sep 22 2008 	Saturday night stay	The hotel website has its own section for last minute rates and this is worth checking - we found it to be cheaper than anything Last Minute had. The location is a few minutes easy walk from Great Portland Street tube, or a few minutes further to Regents Park. It's a quiet street - the only traffic we saw (at the weekend) was from the Holiday Inn just up the road.The hotel itself has a fairly grand (if somewhat small entrance). Reception were quick, polite and helpful. Apparently the bar and reception are manned 24hrs, although we didn't test that.Our standard double room on the 2nd floor was small, but clean and well appointed. Safe, minibar and aircon. Large bathroom (2 sinks, bath). We'd booked only a couple of days earlier, so I was expecting to get one of the &quot;less good&quot; rooms. If we did, then it was perfectly satisfactory. Breakfast was adequate. What looked like croissants turned out to be just bread rolls. Otherwise, a fairly limited continental selection of ham, cheese, yoghurt, fruit. English breakfast is extra. Service was OK. All in all more of a 3 star than a 4 start experience though.	
Sep 8 2008 	A giant rip-off	This hotel would have been fine - it all started so well. I paid for both nights of my stay up front on my credit card. So I was a little surprised 5 days later when I discovered AU$420 was frozen on my debit card, meaning that I was on the other side of the world with no access to my funds. The culprit? Grange Fitzrovia Hotel. Apparently they still think it is fine to freeze your money even if you've paid, and not return it for a week.Beware, that's all I can say. A tiny little room in a decent location will not make up for your temporary loss of funds at a time when you can least afford it!I have since contacted the hotel and they have confirmed that they continue to adopt this practice as &quot;standard process&quot;. The frozen funds were in additon to the 50 quid they hold just in case you trash the room (would have been cheaper!!!).	
Aug 18 2008 	Fab Hotel!	I found this hotel on www.lastminute.com, and decided to check out the rate directly on the hotels website, booking directly saved us around £20 for a 2 night stay and included breakfast (not included though lastminute,com!)The hotel was ideally situated a 10 minute walk from Euston, a 10 minute walk into the heart of the West End, and a 2 minute walk to Great Portland Street Tube Station, being on the Circle line, everywhere we wanted to get to was accessible within 20 minutes!The hotel was really clean and and the staff were really friendly, the hotel had obviously recently been refurbished but had still kept it's charm and original features.Breakfast was lovely, and 1 mooring there was a full English breakfast laid on (this was usually extra)	
Aug 9 2008	A lovely hotel friendly and polite staff	Booked direct with the Fitzrovia. On arrival the hotel was lovely and clean. mini bar, iron, trouser press. The rooms are small but they are delightful and clean. The staff are very helpful. The breakfast was buffet style with fruit, yoguhurts and full english.Not a great choice for eating in but they will have a taxi within 10 minutes to take you anywhere and its a short walk to Oxford street and a taxi journey to theatreland so that wasn't a problem. No internet but if you want somewhere friendly, clean and quaint then we would recommend this and will certainly stay again.	
Jul 14 2008 	This place substandard	No wireless internet, room service menu limited, no fridge, room small with little natural light, tv channel selection limited, can hear the trains on the underground below as they pass. Was booked in here after cost cutting downgrade by company, maybe good for the cost but little below par for a business stay.	
Jul 10 2008 	Couldn't fault this hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights for a weekend break. Our room was much better than expected after reading the reviews on here beforehand. It was clean, the bed was comfy, and the bathroom was also large and clean.We had newspapers outside the door each morning, and after having the room serviced whilst out seeing the sights, I found the maid had placed some magazines in the room that were of interest to me, which I thought was a nice touch.The staff were kind and helpful, we had the continental breakfast and there was plenty of choice. Great Portland Steeet tube station is minutes away, with links all over London. We would definately stay here again.	
May 6 2008 	Cant Fault this Hotel!!!!	I dont see where people are coming from I am just back from this hotel yesterday and had a fab time. The room was clean and was cleaned everyday of our stay which was 4 days. Staff was helpful. The buffett breakfast was nice plenty of food and alway toping it up when empty. I think people just think they should have a room in Buckingham Palace when they are in London but sorry to say you won't.	
May 6 2008	Loved It!	Hotel was fabulous - staff were lovely too. Hotel room was really nice - loved the bathroom with the double shower!! Room service was really quick and the waiter was really nice. Also the restaurant was gorgeous with the most pleasant waitress! Would definatly reccomend and would definatly return.Emma, Dublin Ireland	
Apr 27 2008 	Ok hotel in a good location	London hotels are always difficult. This was one was booked for me by our company travel agent. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor I was a little worried about the hotel but was pleasantly surprised to find an efficient (though maybe not overly friendly) reception.The room and bathroom were not huge but they were also not too small. The bedroom was probably about 10sq.m and the bathroom about 6sq.m. The room was clean and contained a desk, couch and a minibar. The bathroom was also very clean. There was no alarm in the room / telephone.The room faced the (fairly quiet) street and the closed windows filtered out most of the traffic noise. I am not sure what this would be like with open windows in the summer as there is no air conditioning and the room seemed to be very warm even during this years very cold April. The hotel provided two newspapers every morning. It has a restaurant with room service and a 24 hour bar. I did not try the breakfast but preferred to pick something up at one of the (more reasonably priced) nearby cafés. An internet service is also provided at 15 pounds per day.The location is great, a couple of minutes walk to Great Portland Street tube station, about a 10 minutes walk to Oxford Circus and an 8 pound taxi ride to Paddington Station (where you can catch the Heathrow Express).Overall I enjoyed the stay, mainly for the location but though maybe not top quality I did not find the hotel to be as bad as some of the reviews suggested.	
Feb 19 2008 	Do Not Stay At This Hotel....	Check in was ok. The room was dirty and small. The &quot;double bed&quot; could not have been a double. There was a foul musty smell in the room.About half an hour into our stay another couple barged into the room. Apparently reception had thought the room was empty and had allocated it to them. The staff both in reception and in the restaurant were unfriendly and rude.Breakfast was a nightmare. It was supposed to offer a variety but in fact offered very little. There was cheese, rolls, cereal and yogurt. That was all. When we asked for other items that were supposed to be there we were informed that they would bring them out. We were there for half an hour and nothing else appeared. We were seated for over 15 minutes before we were asked if we wanted tea/coffee. At check out when we stated we were unhappy with the service and our stay we still received no apology and were simply told &quot;Well im not happy either&quot;This is supposed to be a four star hotel but is not worth the money you pay for it. The service is awful and you do not get your moneys worth.	
Jan 17 2008	Dissapointed	We stayed at Fitzrovia in November 2005. When we arranged the booking for 3 we asked for a room with a double and single bed due to our ages and the fact that we had travelled from Australia overnight. We were assured that this was what we would receive. On arrival we were well received and checked in by a friendly and helpful receptionist. We were delighted but tired. When we arrived at our room we found 2 single beds and a collapsible 'camp stretcher' bed. We contacted the reception and were advised that there was no other rooms available so we had to accept what we were given. The Manager, &quot;Goopy&quot;, tried to argue that he person who booked the room had not asked for a double and single bed. When I told him that I had booked the room, he went to the office to check (supposedly) and never came back!! On my arrival home in Australia I found that they had also debited my Credit Card for some mini-bar drinks that we never consumed. Travellers be aware. This Hotel was beautiful but the service and the management is Second rate and dishonest.	
Jan 13 2008 	A great hotel and location.	This hotel was clean, comfortable and welcoming.A great location for oxford street and the london palladium theatre,an easy 10/15 min walk! Only 20/25 easy walk straight along Euston road to/from St pancras train station.The room was double glazed, and kept out what very little traffic noise there was.Beds very comfortable,plenty hot water.Contiental breakfast was fruit,cereals,bread rolls, cheese, ham, yogurt and toast, tea etc and was very nice.All the staff were friendly,polite and very helpful.You are able to leave your bags for free!Would return.	
Nov 28 2007 	one night stay	Stayed at this hotel just for an overnight stop to go to Ronnie Scotts Jazz club in Soho which was a birthday gift . It was not a bad walk from either Euston where we landed or from Soho, the reception we got was good and the hotel gleamed and smelled overly of furniture polish. Our room was again very highly polished but the size of a double exec was a disappointment, wouldn't have liked to see a regular if they were smaller ! Bathroom huge by comparison with a washbowl each had we been in a hurry . Didn't eat in the hotel as thought breakfast overpriced. Lift broke down, they admit they are due a new one. Altogether probably paid over the odds for a one night stay but booked on their website it was cheaper than anywhere else I looked at. Would not immediately book here again if looking in that vicinity but no real complaints either.	
Oct 30 2007 	Wouldn't recommend it...	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. First i booked another grange hotel (Langham Grange) but at my arrival at 10 pm i was told that there was a maintence problem at the langham hotel and was sent to the fitzrovia. This was already a scandal because i called at 6 pm tolet them know that i would arrive late and no one told me about it. The staff at both hotels, fitzrovia and langham ware just unfriendly and rude. The room was ok, bigger then expected but the windows and curtains were really dirty, the towels had holes and there was no aircon which at night was just terrible, because it was way too loud to leave the window open. The lift was terrible, got stuck in it twice, after getting out i informed the reception and they didn't do anything about it. The continental breakfast was included in the roomprice. But the breakfast consisted of one sort of cheese and one sortof ham, toasts, some cereals, not a great choice...the tea pot was dirty and the waiter unfriendly. at the check out, no one even cared about the problems i had with the change of the hotels, i think that a price reduction was the minimun to do. But to be honest after this stay i wasn't even in the mood for fighting with them...I really wouldn't recomment this or any other grange hotel, i already know 3 of them and will avoid them in future. While reading the bad reviews for the grange hotels before my departure i thought that people were exagerating and that it couldn't be that bad, well it is indeed...	
Oct 9 2007 	Not Impressed	Check in was OK - the room was nice but extremely small - I really don't think the double bed was a full size double. The hotel temperature seemed to be about 150 degrees - it was stifling and unpleasant. We got stuck in the lift - yet when we pressed the alarm nobody seemed to know what to do and very little english was spoken and what was was of poor quality - they just kept telling us to hit all the buttons in broken english - not really the answer you want when you are having a panic attack.Poor selection of toileties for two people staying - no mini bar - room service at 3 am was non existent - my husband had to call them on his mobile for them to answer.A bizarre conference being held in the basement with extremely scruffy people attending - not nice when you have paid a lot of money to stay there.Reception would not order transport - you were told to walk outside and hail your own cab.There are far better places to stay in London at far cheaper prices.	
Aug 31 2007 	wonderful excellentbrilliant.	this hotel was exqusite the room was very nice and the staff were so polite,helpful,and very attentive. we stayed here for 2 nights and it was a very very pleasant experience and would definatley stay again. a very short taxi ride to soho and the theatres in fact it cost us £4.50.the breakfast was what was expected the only complaint we had and this had no reflection on the hotel,but both mornings at breakfast we had to listen to an american woman who thought she was a cut above the rest complain constantly left a bitter taste in our mouths but apart from that it was a divine hotel my cousin and i really enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 30 2007	Great hotel fantastic location - but no air-con!!!	Booked weekend to London using lastminute.com - excellent value theatre + hotel package. Went to see the fabulously entertaining FAME The Musical at the Shaftesbury Theatre, then back to the hotel for the evening.Very impressed with the marble staircase leading up to the entrance, and the transparent glass and brass elevators, but was expecting a much larger room than we checked in to. The room was very basic, with a tiny en-suite bathroom, ironing facilities (although we couldn't work out how to switch the damn thing on!) and the bed was barely even double - can only have been just over 4ft wide!! Never the less, the room was very clean and quiet, and the bed (although tiny) was very comfortable.Despite this, the only complaint I would have with the hotel is that it was stifling. Despite being a 4* hotel, they didn't seem to have any air-conditioning (if they did, it wasn't in use). Being a hot, humid weekend at the end of August, it was inevitably warm but in some parts of the hotel - down the corridors, in the lifts and bathrooms - it was unbearable. However, the hotel was in a fantastic location on Bolsover Street, just a 2min walk from Great Portland Street tube station (a central station which provided direct routes or short links to wherever we wanted to be) and it was perfect for what we needed. We arrived at the hotel at 10am, although we were aware that we were unable to check in until 2pm, we left our luggage with the (FREE) concierge service which was absolutely brilliant. The next day after checking out at 9.30am, we made use of the concierge again - it gave us so much more freedom without having to drag heavy overnight bags around with us. Would definitely stay in this hotel again - simple and basic but perfect for what we needed and at an excellent price combined with the theatre tickets. Would recommend this hotel to any couples, groups or families who simply want a room for the night and nothing more. You might just need a fan!	
Aug 20 2007 	walk to oxford street!	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in end July.The hotel was selected because of it location. The Great Portland station is about 5min walk. But for greater access, Oxford Circus is about 10 - 15min walk away. The hotel is basically pleasant and clean, the staff were very friendly and helpful .We spent 1 night in a standard double room, which we find VERY warm. The little fan provided doesnt help. The toilet also seemed to have been warmed by a central heating system, which is odd and uneccessary in summer. The following 3 nights spent in the executive bedroom was a lot better. The room was larger, and the bathroom was very well-designed. The bed was comfortable, though a tad small. In a nutshell, good location yet away from the hustle and bustle. Choose this hotel if you intend to do a lot of SHOPPING at oxford street, wine and dine as soho is also within easy reach.	
Jul 9 2007 	Not Bad!	Four of us stayed here for one night as we were in London to see a show at the Aldwych Theatre. Check in was very slow but the rooms were fine. We had a really large bathroom in our room and the beds were really comfy.Continental breakfast was not bad....... nothing to get excited about! For a suppliment of £6.00 you could have English Breakfast.Location of hotel is good...only few minutes walk to nearest tube staion, there are lots of little bars around the hotel and a Tesco Metro at the end of the road.Cost about £10.00 in a taxi to the theatre-Covent Garden.	
Jul 2 2007	No problems	I read mixed reviews about this hotel, so when someone else booked me there for 3 nights, I was not best pleased. But in fact I have no complaints at all. Certainly above average. Room was quiet, clean, and reasonable size. Tea/coffee facility in room. Staff friendly. Breakfast very good. The only downside is that Gt Portland St or Regent's Park are closest tube stops, so not that central. But that'sa minor quibble. I would be happy to use it again.	
May 22 2007 	Nice Place	The Grange Fitzrovia was good value for money compared with other places in the area; it came in at £75 for the night. The room was nice and big, very clean (decor was a little bit dated though), staff were very friendly and helpful at check-in and check-out.The hotel is set back from the oxford st area and getting there is a very pleasant 5 minute walk, lots of little restaurants and bars on the way.	
Jan 23 2007 	Not bad	Stayed here as part of a combo deal with a theatre trip.The location isn't overly great if you're looking to go to the theatres in Leicester Square etc. as the nearest tube station is Great Portland Street and its a bit of a trek getting from there to Leicester Square, Covent Garden etc. I suppose you could always walk down to Oxford Street and go from there, but even that is a bit of a walk.The hotel has a very 'mahogany' theme to it! I thought it was quite nice as it was different. Bed was nice and comfortable and the shower was equally pleasing.Have to agree with the TV being a bit too far away from the bed, but then again, I didn't go to London to watch telly!Had a pint at the bar as we got in for the night and have to say the service was humorously bad! A dear old boy served us and it was painfully slow! Maybe in the region of 10mins for 2 drinks! But I wasn't in too much of a hurry, so laughed it off really.Breakfast (continental) was included in the price and this was not too bad. Service could have been better as they didn't seem overly keen, but then, sometimes an overly eager waiter/waitress can be a bit off putting I think. Food was fine.If you're looking for something very central, look else where, otherwise a very comfortable and clean hotel.	
Jan 23 2007 	Extra guests in the bed.......	Stayed at the Grange Fitzrovia in December 2006. Hotel was a bit dated but staff were friendly.Biggest concern was that I was woken up in the middle of the night with bed bugs all over me! I ran down to the reception where they did not really understand my concerns until I took them to the room and showed them my little friends!In defence of the hotel they did move me asap and get the problem sorted in the morning. I have to give this hotel a bit of a rubish rating as I've stayed at hotels in London for years and this is the first time this has happened to me. I would also be interested to see if anyone else has suffered the same fate!	
Jan 21 2007 	OK nothing special	Stayed a Saturday night 2007. It was OK, but nothing special. The hotel has an old fashioned feel, lots of dark wood and heavy curtains in dark reds. But even checking in the reception looks run down with a shabby old in-tray on the desk. The glass and brass lift should be impressive but is covered in hand prints and needs a jolly good buffing. The double room was quite small, long and thin. Great if you like the old mahogany look, with Grandmas dark carpet etc. Bed- a double- felt small. TV too far from bed to bother watching.Bathroom, clean and bright-lots of black and white marbleand very warm. Sink and fittings tired- chrome coming off the taps and sink plug hole.Nice and quiet. No noise heard from outside or ajacent roomsDidnt eat at hotel, nice eateries near by.In all it was OK, but a little tired. From what I experienced cant see that it merits 4 stars. A week later stayed at a Travelodge which had superior bed and decor at a fraction of the price.	
Aug 19 2006 	A Hidden Gem	We stayed at the Fitzrovia quite by accident--we got stuck at Heathrow during the recent terrorist threat and the airport booked us at Fitzrovia. We were further discouraged when our cabbie got lost and told us he'd never heard of it. To our surprise, it was a lovely little hotel tucked into a residential/office neighborhood. Although we appeared to be far from the touristy sections, a walk showed we were within a few blocks of two different tube stations. A block away was a street full of family owned restaurants, a launderette, convenience stores and a full grocery store.The rooms are very small, even by European standards although we did not see what the higher grade rooms looked like. And we did not eat in the hotel restaurants so can't comment of those. But service was excellent, the concierge knowledgeable and the location was both quiet and convenient. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 3 2006	Underclassed Hotel Poor Service	After having stayed at the wonderful Grange City Hotel, we were disappointed with the Grange Fitzrovia hotel which was the same price. Arriving at the hotel, there was no ramp for your bags so you had to carry them up steps. The lobby was small and a tiny desk.The hotel refused to use the credit card that I pre-paid and pre-booked online with since we didn't have the physical card, so I had to use a different card.After getting to the room, we were surprised at the tiny and old-looking room. For some, the look may be appealing as it seems like an early 1900s hotel. The bathroom was OK, but the beds were small and pushed together. The triple was a fold-out couch instead of a separate bed.Everything was OK though much below expectations.The only problem we had was with the service. They hire all foreign staff so it is hard to have perfect communication with them. We lost our cell phone in the room and a guest found it the next day. The hotel really upset us resolving the issue. They first said it was actual postage cost, then raised it to 10 pounds, then later said it would be 12 pounds to mail it. I know the postage is only 4.50 pounds, but they said they have to charge me their service fee plus tax. It sounds like a ripoff to me, but it was our fault we lost it.I would not recommend this hotel when there are much nicer ones at the same price.	
Feb 7 2006	nice hotel	myself and some friends stayed at the grange fitzrovia for 2 nights.the hotel is in a quiet street and our rooms faced the back of the building and was very quiet.the decor around the hotel was nice and the room was nice, although we booked a triple room, which was really just a twin with a camp bed added, not very comfy for an adult. the addition of the extra bed meant there wasn't much room for 3 adults to move around. the bathroom was lovely with 2 sinks and bright mirrors.the service in the hotel was not up to standard.in the breakfast room on both days glasses, bread etc had run out and we had to ask for more, also it took a while to order a cooked breakfast.one point to beware of. when we use black cabs from the west end they cost about £5/£6 a time, but we asked the hotel to get a cab for us one night, and the transport that arrived was just an ordinary car and they charged us £20 for the same journey!!!!!!so beware of cabs and always agree a charge before you go.would i go back.....maybe, if we didn't use taxi's so often, as we did spend a lot of money on them.	
Jan 23 2006	A Gem of a Hotel	My husband and I were tired and would have settled for just a bed and bathroom. Imagine our surprise to find our room with coordinating bedspread and drapes, beautifully tiled bathroom, and even a cute little cabinet with tea making stuff! Just what one needs after a busy cold day doing the tourist thing! The room was very quiet, and the desk people were extremely helpful. We had a sufficient choice of breakfast food every day (the English Breakfast is an added expense you should skip). There are 2 little grocery stores near the tube station for snacks and stuff. Although we didn't eat dinner at the hotel, there are great restaurants in the streets nearby. We would eagerly stay there again.	
Jan 6 2006	Not up to 4* standard by a long way	Booked a 'double room' which was very small and badly kept, with cracked walls and cracks in the ceiling, peeling paint, broken furniture etc. The bed was very small, not a full sized double. The tv was broken, there were cigarette butts all over the window sill, no hot water for a shower in the morning, and the breakfast buffet was understaffed with the result that I had to wait ages just for a bread roll and jam. The reception staff were arrogant and unhelpful.The only good thing about this hotel really is its location but if you have a room on the ground floor, expect some noise. The prices are a rip off for the standard of accomodation and I would question when this hotel's 4* grade was last measured. I have stayed in many hotels in London which are far cheaper and of a much higher standard- a proper 4* service.	
Nov 10 2005	Great Value!	I've always used Grange Holborn when visiting London but as this was just a brief one night trip and we wouldn't have time to use the leisure facilities i thought i'd give the cheaper Grange Fitzrovia a try. Glad i did. Much as you can't fault the Holborn it's hard to believe that for one night this hotel is only £70 (compared to the £115 i'd normally pay).As soon as you walk in you can see the similarity in the fixtures, fittings and decor though this is an older, more traditional hotel. Even the bathrooms (if slightly more worn) are the same granite and marble style. We booked a standard twin and were given a double but this was rectified by upgrading us to an executive room. Ok, the executive room was the same as a standard room in the 5* Holborn (two single beds) but this is a 4* so fair enough. The bathroom was huge with two sinks, good if you're getting ready in a hurry.The location is good too - nice and quiet but a short walk to Oxford Street, Soho, etc.I would have given an excellent rating for this hotel had we not ordered room service Saturday night that never arrived but overall Grange Fitzrovia is a good hotel, excellent value and i will return.	
Sep 28 2005	convenient location		
Aug 28 2005	Smallest bed in the world		
Mar 5 2005 	Good overall - better in winter than summer		
Nov 4 2004	Nothing Special		
Oct 5 2004	Overall very good		
Sep 13 2004	Lovely Hotel		
Jun 28 2004	Good hotel but Rooms are Very small not as the Web Site!!!		
Jun 15 2004	Excellent deals available for Weekends		
Apr 27 2004	Pleasant stay overall		
Nov 11 2003	Enjoyed The Grange Fitzrovia Hotel for 10 nights		
Nov 15 2009 	So british		
Oct 31 2009 	Excelente ubicacion atención y servicio		
Aug 20 2009 	Tolles Hotel und vor allem super Lage !		
Jul 29 2009 	Ottimo !!!		
May 16 2009 	trés bien placé et trés accueillant		
Apr 16 2009 	Bien placé bon rapport qualité prix		
Feb 11 2009	Confortable mais service pas terrible		
Jan 26 2009 	Magnifique hotel ....		
Nov 14 2008 	super hôtel		
Jul 14 2008 	Un hotel de tres estrellas con teorica categoria de cuatro		
May 21 2008 	fitzrovia hotel: bello pulito e centrale		
Nov 26 2007 	Peor de lo que parece		
Mar 26 2007 	Hotel agradable bien situado y con buenas ofertas de fin de semana		
