Nov 23 2009 	Good value but nothing special	Spend one night during March. Room was on the first floor, but still quite nice and quiet during the night (Thu-Fri). A bit old fashioned interior and furniture. I wish they would get rid of the old linen and buy new decent ones. Same goes for pillow and blankets which are really inchy...Other wise the complete experience was rather good.	
Oct 13 2009 	Highly Recommend Great staff Great location  Very friendly vibe	We greatly enjoyed our stay at the London Town Hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful with any requests we had. The room was very comfortable , everything we needed and a very relaxed feel. The first floor lounge was a great idea, with tea making facilities and large TV and also great info on local shopping , markets etc in Hotel visitors book, it was also a great way to meet other travellers. The breakfast was basic continental , and delicious .I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone staying in this area. Very close to tube station, and local resturants and supermarkets Very, very happy. Thank you	
Oct 4 2009 	Close to the tube on a quiet street	The room was small and comfy and a few minute walk to Earl's Court station (the tube). We didn't go to London for a plush roomy hotel...we were looking for a reasonably priced room and this was it. We were on the third floor which had a street view and a large window which we kept open the entire time due to no A/C. Penywern Road was extremely quiet but most nights there were loud and rowdy patrons out very late. The room had an en suite bathroom, a work desk, and a TV. Breakfast was less than desirable. Don't choose this hotel because breakfast is included. It consisted of tea/coffee, OJ, corn flakes with milk and canned fruit. Toast and boiled eggs were available upon request. We ate breakfast out every morning after that. There were several great street vendors and shops nearby that sold inexpensive good fruit, donuts/pastries, coffee, etc. The hotel offers reservation booking for local attractions and baggage storage if you take a day trip and don't want to take your luggage with you.	
Sep 2 2009 	why look elsewhere?	Visited last week (August main holiday period) with three young children, booking / arrival /room / breakfast / staff all friendly and all was very satisfactory - and I have worked &amp; travelled in Hotels for 40 yrs- also London - been very many times - the street was safe with relatively little traffic &lt;no traffic noise&gt;,area was safe,for children + adults alike, several small shops /restaurants + M&amp;S supermarket closeby, Tube very convenient on 3 good lines; breakfast very adequate , service super - computer access in coffee lounge exc. idea - no excessive noiseor any bother	
Jul 24 2009 	DISCRACE	very thin walls u can hear everything,dirty matress,towels and sheet never changed,rude personell,tiny smelly rooms and the list is endlesestay away for your sake	
Jul 6 2009 	Clean comfortable convenient and well priced	We stayed on two occasions on our travels. We booked for the second stay as we left the first time. We found the staff friendly and helpful, the breakfast good, room comfortable and clean and the location ideal - just a short walk to public transport. It does not pretend to be 5 star but neither is the tariff. If we return to London, we will stay again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Convenient location value for money.	This charming little townhouse was among rows of similar Victorian-styled townhouses which are also converted to hotels. Not hard to find, just a stone throw away from Earl's Court Station. I paid 45pounds for a single room for a night and was pleasantly surprised to find that breakfast was included too. The breakfast was sufficient, with a spread of coffee/tea, yogurt, toasts and jams, boiled eggs and cereals. I asked for a bright and airy room as i was terrified of stuffiness and dark rooms which will spike off my imagination.They gave me a bright and tiny room 303 with a small but clean toilet. Although the room is only enough for a single bed, the ceiling is high and airflow is good when i opened my window. the room faced the street so noises are inevitable. I'm happy with the room and also find the common lounge with free tea/coffee and internet at 1 pound per 30mins very useful. If i'm going back to London, i will go back to this hotel.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good Location But Very Thin Walls	Location of hotel is good. Walls are very thin! We were in a basement room and could clearly here the normal volume telephone conversation of the person in next room. All sounds passed through what must be very thin walls. It was not funny at night when his TV was on. Too late in the night to change rooms for a one night stay. Luckily he turned it off when I asked very politely. We didn't bother using the shower it wasn't very appealing. The breakfast was very basic continental. Guess you get what you pay for. The receptionist on arrival was very helpful. Her colleague, on departure, was totally uninterested in our thin walls complaint.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great location!	It is quite difficult to find accommodation in London which is reasonably priced, well located, clean and not too cramped.London Town hotel definitely ticks all the boxes; we had a great stay there!	
Feb 5 2009 	Great for Price and Location	Needed 2 Single rooms for myself and my Mother.None of the usual nonsense about single room supplements,so very affordable for those on a budget.Location is fantastic for the Tube and the area in general very good.Hotel was very clean,and the staff very helpful.The area seemed very safe,or as safe as a central London location can be,and the hotel itself felt very secure,something my Mother in particular appreciated.Good continental breakfast,and joy of joys,a hotel that had both its heating on and a shower that was hot.I wouldnt hesitate to stay here again and will definately be returning.	
Nov 22 2008 	Good clean accommodation	We stayed in the London Town hotel from 10th to 12th November. The room was basic but very clean and an amazing shower!breakfast was fine for continental. It was a very good location for the tube into London centre too. Overall a good experience.	
Oct 30 2008	A Great Deal	My sister, parents and I stayed in family room (on the 3rd floor) that had 1 double bed and 2 single beds. The room was clean bright and airy with two huge windows that reached the ceiling. The room had lots of space for us all with a nice large bathroom as well, the only downside was there was no bathtub. We were not expecting much space after reading reviews of all London hotels being tiny. We didn't find this with our room at all!Our room was cleaned daily. Breakfast was more than adequate especially as there was no extra charge for it. Most hotels I have stayed in charge a supplement.The hotel had a lounge where we could sit and relax and get tea/ coffee. I especially liked the patio area and garden.For the price we paid we were very happy with the room, the hotel and the service we recieved.Liked — Nice big roomDisliked — No bathtub	
Aug 12 2008 	My Dirty Bed!	Two friends and I came in from Italy and didnt arive at the hotel until near midnight, when we had setteled in and about to go to bed to my Horror my bed sheets where so disgusting I started freeking out. There were stains on the top bed cover when you turned it over and when I pulled back the sheet there was alot of dirt and hairs, I have photos to prove it! So at around 2am I went to compain no chance would I sleep in that and it was a bit earlie in the morining to look for another hotel. I told the night porter it was a discrase and I wanted new sheets, it was well I wasnt cold I only got a sheet, he didnt seem to care. I complained in the morning to the receptionest who said the sheets were changed EVERY DAY, dirt dosnt just get there by itself, the sheets were not changed from the last person, horrible! I enformed her we would be back by 1pm to change, then the cleaning staff said they were about to go in and when we returned, angry as I was I told her I had enformed the receptionest she continued to moan so I closed the door. (We returned for 10min) lack of communication &amp; not listening to your paying customer.The top sheet was still dirty but seen no point in complaining as nothing was getting done about it. A bottle remained under my bed for my stay that was not our's, not to much cleaning done and not checked regulary by manager.The breakfast was awful, at 8.30am there was no where to sit, the boiled eggs were cold and so over cooked so it was toast, an apple or a choice of two cerials no English Breakfast in site but would forigners no how to make it? Dissipointed as I work in the Hospitality area.	
Aug 5 2008 	Dirty and disappointing.	Having never stayed in London previously, I relied heavily on reviews on this site and others to help select a place to stay. As most of the reviews for this hotel were fairly positive and it was close to the price range I was trying to stay within I booked it for two nights. We were in a ground floor room just past reception. The room was small and the bathroom tiny, but room size was not that important to me as usually we were only in our room to sleep and bathe. My main problem with this hotel was that it was not clean. I turned back the bedspread and there were stains that looked like blood and urine on the underside. The sheets though seemed clean enough. The bathroom had a horribly musty, moldy smell, which we tried to alleviate by propping open the bathroom door and leaving the room window open while we were out during the day. It didn't really help. Both nights of our stay the smoke detector in the room started to beep at around 3:00am. I had to get the receptionist to come and silence it. I told the day receptionist at check out so that it could be looked into, but though he apologized for us being disturbed he went on to make some excuse about the room temperature sometimes setting it off. The impression I got was that it probably happens often, they know about it but don't seem inclined to fix it. The breakfast that was included was adequate and the breakfast room, though in the basement,was bright and cheery. On the plus side, was the location right around the corner from the Earl's Court underground station. The neighborhood around felt safe which was important since it was just my daughter and myself traveling together. We had some nice dinners in the restaurants in the neighborhood. The staff was friendly and helpful to a point, They just didn't seem inclined to go out of their way unless pushed which is not my style. The street is lined with similar small hotels, maybe one of them would be a better choice.	
May 29 2008 	Great service and location (metro-Earl's Court)	I stayed there for 2 nights and enjoyed my stay. The service was great and the room was cleaned! i only paid about $130 for two which I expected to get a small room. What I really liked about it is that it's a block away from the train station. I stayed in Victoria area in the past and it's too crowded - if you're looking for a family or to get away from the city center (which is only a 10 minutes tube ride) then I strongly recommend the place.	
May 23 2008	Clean and affordable	I have now stayed at the London Town Hotel for the second time in between my travels from Europe to the Middle East. I returned to the hotel because it offers clean and simple rooms at affordable prices for London. In addition, on both occasions I have found the staff to be friendly and willing to help with any queries I had. I have previously stayed at another hotel at a similar price on the same road to which I will not be returning. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for somewhere comfortable, clean and welcoming to stay at a decent price.	
May 6 2008 	Poor intoductiont to Europe	I trusted our travel agent to book three night's London accommodation for us, on our first overseas trip. The London Town Hotel in Earl's Court was our point of arrival in Europe. We arrived, very weary, early in the morning and as it was too early to check in, asked to have our bags minded while we went out for the day. &quot;Minding&quot; meant leaving them in the corner of the public corridor. We were worried about our things all day. The room was very small and stuffy. The floors creaked, so people above disturbed us and the walls were so thin we could clearly hear the people speaking next door (at 2am!) The shower was blocked. You had to shower quickly as it filled up with water and nearly overflowed every time. We had to ask for toilet paper. The staff pretty much ignored us. The breakfast was fine. I got a few itchy bites which I suspect, after doing some research, were bed bug bites, but not certain. As our room was at the back of the building, there was little traffic noise. We were hoping for better than this for the three star rating and the price.	
May 1 2008 	Loved the London Town Hotel	My husband and I just returned from London where we stayed two nights at the London Town Hotel. We had a room on the top floor with a private (ensuite) bathroom. Our room was very clean and looked to have been recently painted. The double bed was comfortable, the sheets clean, carpet clean, towels in bathroom also clean. We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and helpful. We were pleasantly surprised by the breakfast which was more than adequate for us and included toast, butter and jelly, boiled eggs, cereal, fruit, juices, coffee, hot chocolate and tea. It was very close to the Earl's Court tube station and was very quiet at night. We would stay there again and recommend it to anyone on a budget.	
Apr 3 2008	London Town Hotel	I have stayed in quite a few hotels around the £70 to £80 price range and not one off them could even be compared to The London Town Hotel. What a disapointment. Having never visited London before i was unsure as to what to expect from a London Hotel. The problems began from the minute we entered the door. Although greeted by friendly staff at reception we were asked to pay the first nights fee up front - something which was NOT stated when we booked. I understand that there may have been a security element to this but like any other hotel the London Town hotel could have taken our bank card details without charging any money. We then made our way up to the fourth floor in the tiny lift to our room which I have to say you had to go single file into. Both the bathroom and bedroom were tiny although i was willing at first to look past this if the cleansiness was up to scratch - I later found it was in fact not. Going to bed that night i checked the sheets as any person would do and found multiple stains - i was too tired to even complain. The floor was absolutley filthy. we were then woken, as we were both mornings we stayed with creaking from the people above us. it was absolutley ridiculous how much you could hear and the noise coming from the creaky floorboards was unbearable - is definatley something that has to be heard to be believed. this was at 6.30 am so it was a good job we hadn't planned an lie in's. Breakfast was basic. I took a glass of warm orange juice and to be very honest it was hard to know who were the staff an who were the customers. Our window refused to open. Having spent the day in London we were looking forward to getting back to the hotel and to bed. However when we arrived back at 10.30 the creaking was continuing and we discovered that our towels had not been changed and we had no toilet roll. surely these are the simple things you would just expect. Some good points to the London Town Hotel is that is is really near to the tube station and there is no noise outside at night. The staff are friendly but not at all overly helpful. I just think there's a lot that can be improved on and at the minute the hotel is not worth the price they are charging. Overall we had a very disapointing stay in the London Town Hotel and would not consider returning.	
Mar 28 2008 	loved the london town hotel	My 12 year old son and I were on a fixed budget and needed a clean place to stay in London that was reasonably priced and close to the tube station.We booked a twin room and were very happy with it. It was clean, bright and cheerful, a good size, had a nice bathroom and a decent continental breakfast. The room was also well heated(it snowed when we were there!) very quiet and the staff were nice. I had read other reviews about this hotel on trip advisor before we left and all I can say is some people may expect to much for what they are paying.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great Hotel	I actually booked this hotel for my honeymoon. I've been to Europe many times before and know that european hotels are (on average)smaller than US's. It was a pleasant stay and it was so close to the tube. The staff was wonderful and very very knowledgable. They looked up events for us and arranged the taxi to pick us up, etc. We were out sight seeing most of the day but when we came back our bed was always made, the bathroom cleaned and everything in order. I would definatly go back!	
Feb 3 2008 	Good hotel at a Good price	On visiting London from Bombay, India I stayed here for 5 nights with my wife and child. We had a room with a double bed and a single bed. The room and bathroom were clean and seemed to be well kept. Very Friendly staff and decent breakfast. The hotel location is excellent. It was very convenient for us to see London as the tube station is just around the corner.  The good selection of restaurants around the corner was a blessing as my son can be really fussy with his food!! All in all, good hotel in a good location, will book again next time in London. Muji,	
Jan 20 2008 	Value for money	First of all I would like to thank all the staff and owners at London Town Hotel for my fantastic stay. They were extremely helpful to meet my needs whilst attending a friends wedding in Knightsbridge, London. The location is convenient to and from the Airport and Central London, all of which again was arranged by London Town. I made a single call to have all my taxis booked, requests re shopping, places to go for bargains during the sales, places to eat, and even getting my hands on a pair of last minute sort after theatre tickets. The room for the standard you are paying is way above its rating and value for money from the comfort and cleanliness you would expect in your own home to breakfast in the morning. N.B. book early though as it gets very busy during the week. On my first night’s stay, I ended up going for a drink with a couple of guests I met in the lounge whilst checking my mail. Both have been coming to London for business for a few years now from Beijing and have stayed at London Town every time. HarrySydney Harbor	
Dec 30 2007 	Avoid at all cost!	Earl's Court area is great (now) HOWEVER, DO NOT STAY IN THE LONDON TOWN HOTEL! My room was dirty... in the basement, and the hotel staff was the worst I've ever experienced.I could not wait to change to another hotel in Earl's Court... avoid at all cost!	
Dec 24 2007	Eighth Ring of Hell!	Would not recommend. Love Earl's Court, but hated hotel. Not clean. Staff not knowledgable or helpful. AVOID! AVOID! Locks on doors did not work.	
Oct 18 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Aug 11 2009 	?????		
Apr 5 2009 	Pratique		
Mar 24 2009 	Excelente relación calidad-precio		
Dec 19 2008 	buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Aug 20 2008 	????????????		
