	Perfect in Everyway	Quick walk from Gloucester Rd and earls court underground. Shops and also buses. Made to feel very welcome and special from beginning to end. One bedroom apartment with a sofa bed in the lounge. We were three girlfriends meeting in London for 5 days. Apartment was spotlessly clean, kitchen well equipped including a washing machine. Beds comfortable. Shower water pressure very good. Staff excellent, extremely helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Welcome bottle of wine and chocolates in the room. Highly recommend this accommodation. Hated to leave. Fantastic location for shopping, theatre and cafes. Even heard an owl one night	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Area 	Wonderful apartmrent property in a great, central London location. Just a short walk to everything - tube, restraurants, cafe's, grocery stores, and shopping! Staff was very accomodating and helpful with any request, no matter how minor. Apartment was, roomy, lovely and well maintained - We happened to have onw with a balcony which offered great views and was fabulous for enjoying a cup of tea in the morning or an evening cocktail to unwind after a busy day of sightseeing. Would highly reccomend this property - especially great for families or people staying for an extended period....	
Nov 15 2009 	Really Great - friendly and helpful;	Lovely location, quiet. Very friendly upon arrival. Unexpected upgrade to 2 bed/2bath on ground floor. Small kitchen was really only downside, but it was easily workable. The cutlery and glasses/dishes were all very clean, but the apartment could do with some additional cooking utensils - slotted spoon, serving spoon, etc. All in all we were there 3 nights and other than being a bit warm, the stay was just great. Having satellite TV and a DVD player was excellent.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great service great apartments great location- stay here!	A really lovely apartment hotel. Staff were very helpful- you almost felt like you were getting personal service. GReat location- 10 minutes walk to the tube or &quot;red&quot; sightseeing bus stop. Restaurants, services, supermarket and shops all within 2 blocks. Rooms were spacious- ideal for a family. I would stay here again without a second thought.	
Nov 9 2009 	Not 4 star accommodation	We stayed here for 2 nights in October and very very disappointed to say the least. They must use their best room for the pictures displayed as our apartment was nothing like those used. There was a musty smell throughout and the bathroom was badly needing upgraded as the white tiles were dirty and in need of regrouting, there was also a whole in the skirting. There were stains on the carpet in the hallway and one of the chairs was stained and covered in hair. We asked for a double bed and were given two singles pushed together and the net curtains were in need of a good wash. My daughter found the whole thing so awful and we tried to spend as little time there as possible. We have stayed in 3, 4 and 5 star accommodation all over the world and this is certainly not 4 star by any strech of the imagination. Also the website where I booked it have seen fit not to print my review which I left which speaks volumes!	
Nov 7 2009 	Comfortable quiet: a vey good place to stay for some days visiting london	Perfect for a family with children. You have a spaceful apartment with a kitchen for your breakfasts and dinners well located near the subway and hyde park.	
Nov 6 2009 	Perfect London Base	We stayed for 2 nights over half term with our 12 year old twins. Very warm welcome at reception. Bags of room in the flat which was spotless. Very comfortable beds and a well equipped kitchen (not used much). Lovely part of South Kensington, quiet and leafy and just 5 mins from Gloucester Road tube. Perfect base to explore from. It could not have been better and it will be repeated!	
Nov 6 2009 	Loads of quality space!	Regularly use the 2-bedroom apartments instead of 2 separate hotel rooms and get a lounge and kitchen thrown in! well furnished and comfortable.	
Nov 6 2009 	perfect for the museums 	my stay at the Collingham Apartments went perfectly. Their WiFi enabled me to research buy online tickets that were actually more expensive at the venue! (London Eye fast-track).We walked to Nat Hist &amp; Science Museums , took taxis to the rest of London attractions.We bought crispy fried duck in Gower street chinatown/soho &amp; enjoyed the pancakes warmed up by the Collingham Apartments kitchenette.excellent overall and the first time I've enjoyed staying in a London Hotel! (especially as we were a family of 5)	
Nov 6 2009 	First class location for extended stay	This is probably the nicest, best furnished, well equipped apartment complex in West London.My only criticism is the lack of toiletries.	
Nov 5 2009 	London trip for big family solution : flat on is own	the hotel was un quiet place, nice flat lovely terrace , bad point : the deskman isn't very kind, the cleaning cool be better( i found dusty shocks in the table bed) , the baby bed was limit secure ( it was a park with mattress not made for it ) but have our own place with 2 rooms, 2 bathroom and a kitchen is very nice , it is in a good area of London	
Nov 5 2009 	Good size apartment with good facilities	A one bedroom apartment suited our family of 3. Bedroom, Kitchen, Lounge and Bathroom were all a good size. The staircase and lift are a little small. The location is convenient to Earls Court tube and bus stops. It is also close to shops and restaurants at Earls Court. It is set in a quiet area with a pleasant streetscape. Overall, a good experience.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great area very good value for London	Good stay in one bedroom apartment, comfy, well equipped kitchen, 5 minutes to the tube. Opposite wonderful garden in quiet street, good service and helpful about eveything. Very ,Very unusual in England to get helpful service and information from Hotel staff.	
Nov 4 2009 	A great place to stay in London with a family	The apartments were clean, spacious and comfortable and, unusual for such a central location, very quiet. We had a 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment in the &quot;lower ground floor&quot;, which made up for its lack of view by having a small terrace - pity it rained when we were there (not unusual for London!) The only downside to the apartment was that it did not have a dishwasher - but it did have a washing machine. The staff were friendly and efficient and helped make our stay enjoyable. We were very happy that we chose to stay there and would certainly recommend this hotel to other families coming to London on holiday.	
Nov 4 2009 	Very friendly and homely accomodation in a great location	We travelled with children and it was a great place to stay in terms of amount of space, kitchen facilities and proximity to museums, tube etc. The staff were lovely and nothing was too much trouble.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent	The apartments are generously sized and very comfortable. For the price they are great value. While they are a little tired in some ways (the bathrooms, for example, will need to be updated shortly), they are otherwise great.	
Nov 4 2009 	an oasis in London	stayed for 3 nights after a long trip from Singapore. Collingham organised a car from the airport (£60) which is good value compared to the taxi. Lets us in at 9:00am which was a godsend as we needed a shower. The apartment was very clean and tidied every day. Handy for pubs, shops, tubes. If you've got the time you can walk into central London in less than one hour. Highly recommended.	
Nov 4 2009 	Unbeatable in every respect	We have been coming to the Collingham Apartments 2 or 3 times a year for over 25 years. It is a home away from home for us. The accommodations are in all respects comfortable , quiet, clean and [mostly] modern without unneccesary pretentiousness .The management and staff are all exceedingly capable ,friendly and helpful. The location is superb : 6 minutes walk from two tube stations , 5 minutes from a very good supermarket. Outstanding value and overall just a very nice place to stay in London .	
Nov 4 2009 	What a great alternative to hotel accomodation	Our first stay in a London apartment and we found it a great experience. The staff were extremely friendly and the accomdation spacious and immaculatley maintained. The only thing you miss with using an apartment is the restaurant but with Sainsburys just up the road croissants and jam, fruit and anything else you want is available. The kitchen was very well equipped and it felt home form home which was great.I would highly recommend this form of accomodation.	
Nov 4 2009 	excellent location at a fair price	We stayed for 4 nights in a one-bedroom apartment at the Collingham. Our apartment was a very good size and extremely well-equipped. You could happily live here! But the real benefit of the Collingham lies in being able to stay in an apartment in a really lovely and central part of London, with excellent access to both local sites and museums and the means to get to others, all at a price that by London standards, is very fair. The staff were all very nice and friendly and seemed knowledgeable about the area. I will certainly stay here when visiting London again.	
Nov 4 2009 	A Good Expierence	From making the reservation to checking out this was an all round good expierence.Staffwere extremely friendly and helpful ,the apartment clean,roomy and well equipped.We would definately stay again.The only thing we would change is we would hail a cab ondeparture rather than book through the hotel.	
Oct 31 2009 	You'll never stay in a London Hotel again after staying at the Collingham Apartments	We had 5 people for a week. Husband, 2 adult children and an uncle. We stayed in a penthouse for 2 nights then moved to a lower floor for the remaining nights. I was completely satisfied with both apartments and glad to have the opportunity to experience two different places. We had two baths, three bedrooms, large entry hall, living and dining room and kitchen with dishwasher and a washer/dryer appliance. It was like staying in my own home, only with maid service!! And a concierge. It allowed us to all be together instead of in separate hotel rooms. The concierge was like a hotel. They were very very knowledgeable and &quot;spot on&quot; with advice and arranging cabs, etc. The Collingham was located in an upscale neighborhood, close to the tube and within walking distance of Kensington Palace. We just can't recommend it highly enough. The value was great. It was more affordable for our group of 5 than 3 hotel rooms. It's the only place to stay in London.	
Oct 20 2009 	perfect for a family	to celebrate our parents 66th wedding anniversary, we stayed at the Collingham Apartments with my Sister and her husband.. The kitchen was well equipped for us to prepare and cook our own meals; important for us. It is not far from Harrods and the major museums such as the Science Museum, Natural history and the V &amp; A. The area is quiet, leafy and very relaxing. A good way to meet up and do the tourist bit at the same time.	
Oct 15 2009 	Perfect place to stay with a family	Stayed in a 3 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment with daughter, son-in-law and baby grandson. Building is old but the set-up suited us perfectly with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom able to be shut off from the rest of the apartment. The apartment was extremely clean and equipped with everything possible to make our stay easy and comfortable. Staff were excellent, very friendly and helpful but certainly not intrusive. Location was great - easy walk to Gloucester Road and Earls Court stations, supermarkets, banks, shops, pubs etc. We would certainly choose to stay there again if we have the opportunity.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location excellent accomodations helpful staff and good value	Although we arrived early on a Tuesday morning after a long translantic flight, the staff made adjustments so we could check into a one-bedroom unit right away. The hotel is just a few minutes from Earls Court tube station on a quiet street with a small park across from it. The bed was comfortable, the living area very roomy and the kitchen quite adequate. The staff was very helpful in researching on the internet the location of several cultural places we were looking for. Several grocery stores and a number of eating establishments were within easy walking distance. Relative to other options in London we also thought our internet booking price was very good value. If available we would definitely return to Collingham Apartments on our next trip to London.	
Oct 7 2009 	great place	The staff were friendly and very helpful, the room was very spacious and extremely clean with modern decor. Very close to earls Court underground and bus routes making easy to see many sights, self catering supplies were excellent making stay a lot cheaper as a Marks and Spencer just down the road. Will be staying here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Home Away From Home	I spent 8 nights at The Collingham Apartments and couldn't fault my stay. I was in a one bedroom apartment which was an ideal size and instantly made you feel at home. All the facilities you need are there - bathroom (with bath &amp; shower), washer/dryer, balcony, windows that open, comfy bed and a well equipped kitchen.The apartments are in a lovely location, very scenic, very safe, and close to both the tube station and a good range of shops, pubs, supermarkets etc.Beverley and her team were friendly and helpful and i will definitely stay there again if i'm in the area.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great London location... but noisy and felt like we were underground	After reading good reviews, we decided to book a 2 bedroom apartment for a 3 night stay...the location was terrific and suited our needs very well. The apartment itself (at the very bottom of the stairs at the back), whilst clean and comfortable, unfortunately was underground with very little natural light. The kitchen was very small and cramped for all but one person. The bathroom was also a little claustrophobic with no outside ventilation, and showering was difficult for anyone blessed with a bit of height due to the very low ceiling. However the most disappointing aspect of this apartment was the noise...every walking step, every movement and conversation from the apartment above could be heard....not a pleasant experience. Unfortunately all apartments were booked, so reception was unable to move us to another apartment.Our advise...if you are lucky enough to stay in a room above ground, be mindful that those below ground will hear your every movement !!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Ticks all the right boxes	Lovely, clean, spacious apartment in a fantastic location in South Kensington. 5 minutes walk to the tube with several pubs and restaurants also within walking distance. There is also a small shopping arcade close by so you can buy all the essentials you need to self cater. The apartment had a very well equipped kitchen which appeared almost brand new and a small outdoor dining area. The beds were extremely comfortable. For a family it is an ideal alternative to a hotel. I'm going back to London with friends in February and we will definitely be staying here again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Home away from home for families	We're a family of 3, including a 3-month baby. We live in the area and we moved flat this summer. I was looking to stay in Chelsea during the move and wanted to book a suite in the nearby hotels (Holiday Inn, Marriott). The prices were in the 300+ sterling. The Collingham Apartments was definitely the best option for us. To be clear, it's neither luxurious nor brand new but it is quite decent, it is serviced everyday and you have a kitchen, livingroom, bedroom, bathroom for their 1-bedroom. You also have an elevator big enough for our Bugaboo pram - that was good!The positives are: Location (earl's court or gloucester road tube + lots of restaurants in chelsea + all the museums), space (compared to a hotel room), very calm, the value for money (they say their regular price is 200+ sterling but we only paid 100 sterling per night on their website - I would recommend booking on the internet vs booking over the phone as it was cheaper on their website than when I called...), cheap wireless internet. Staff was also very very nice.The big issue was that there was no air conditioning and it was HOT on the days we stayed, especially with a baby. There are fans but when it is 30 degrees, it doesn't quite cut it. That said, it is rarely 30 degrees in London...I would recommend this hotel to a family, except maybe from mid July to mid August in case it is hot.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great place with kids	I stayed here for a week with my wife, a 13 year old and a 2 year old and the two room solution was perfect for us since our youngest gets up at 5 am... The only thing that bothered me somewhat was that the location didn't fit our needs 100% but hey, you can't get it all, can you? And of course, the location depends on what you're after. All in all, I'd highly recommend the Collingham!	
Oct 4 2009 	Perfect for kids!	The Collingham Apartments were recommend by our travel agent, and we could not have been happier!! We had so much room to spread out with our children (NOT very common in London hotels), a great kitchen to keep food in, and we even could walk to a local grocery store. The front desk staff was so very pleasant and very informative of directions and suggestions. I would definitely go back and stay at the Collingham Apartments! They're also in a fantastic location!!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice clean central apartments in London	If you are looking for somewhere to stay in London with young children and cannot find interconnecting rooms, do consider these serviced apartments in SW5 London. Centrally placed, close to tube station, clean and practical. Small equipped kitchen, newspapers to your door in the morning, helpful reception staff, etc.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Base for Visiting London	I stayed at the Collingham Apartments with my mum and a friend. We had a lovely 2 bedroomed first floor apartment overlooking a very quiet street. Very handy for the tube and also for travelling by bus. Only wished we could have stayed more than 1night. I overhead another traveller in Reception saying &quot; what a find! &quot; and I have to agree. Will definately stay here again when visiting London.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent home away from home. Fantastic if you get a good price.	I was very impressed with the Collingham apartments.My family with 3 boys stayed for 3 nights. The 3 bedroom apartment (free upgrade from 2 bdr) was very spacious and excellently laid out. It was surprising to see so much room in inner London. Room for the kids, private courtyard for the sun. I could live in it for months! The area and location is excellent, easy walking distance to 2 tube stations and lots of local facilities (well, it is Kensington, isn't it!).The service at the Collingham was very friendly and helpful at all times, which is a bit of a pleasant surprise to find these days in London, especially when travelling with kids.I stay in many London hotels and tend to shop for value for money. The normal rack rate here is way too high (for me). However, I booked through a late deal via the 'Net. If you get a good rate, the Collingham is a great place to stay and I will always check for availability at the Collingham when I visit London.You'll have a great time in London if you stay at the Collingham apartments.Cheers,Paul B (Australia)	
Sep 29 2009 	Good value for money and location pity it was basement apartment	For the price, the apartment was excellent value (we paid £150 for a one night stay in an apartment which had two double rooms, and a single). My only criticism was being put in a semi-basement room which despite fairly good light from the windows, left me feeling rather claustrophobic... otherwise, no complaints, wifi worked well, TV with freeview, clean apartment - struggled a bit to find conveniently placed plug sockets for laptops and mobile chargers etc. Good service at reception.	
Sep 28 2009 	Home away from Home	Our family of four stayed for five nights in August. We stayed in two different units..both 2 bedroom apartments with garden patios. We loved our stay....convenient.....walkable to markets and shopping at Earl's Court and Gloucester tube stations. The staff was terrific. Beverly, the manager, was approachable and interested in making our stay &quot;like home&quot;. What a find.....Don't tell too many people or they'll be full when we visit next time! One suggestion....free WiFi...	
Sep 28 2009 	Great	In a nutshell.- Location was fantastic. (Pretty spot, near shops, near public transport)- Apartments were attractive clean and a great refuge after a long day in London.- Could have used some aircon for those summer days but wasn't a big issue.- Was the best place I stayed in during my visit to the UK.	
Sep 28 2009 	Pretty decent	I booked a two bedroom apartment less than one week before my departure after my booked accommodation fell through. I would have been disappointed had I paid the full rate, but I booked it for a discount (because so late) so it was reasonable and good value for money.The apartment was spotlessly maintained by the cleaners (clean kitchen and bathroom), although I felt that some of the walls could have used a layer of fresh paint. The furniture is in relatively good shape, but I did not get the opportunity to stay in one of the newer furnished apartments. The stay was comfortable, easy to access transport (and particularly access to Heathrow, but if you have large luggage, ensure to exit at Earls Court as it has lift access) and the young guy at reception from Mauritius was very helpful and friendly. We had no problems.We were greeted with a bottle of wine and some biscuits on our arrival and I thought that was a very sweet touch.I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Location Location Location - Business or Pleasure	I had the pleasure of staying at the Collingham Apartments with my daughter in February of 2009. Fully self contained kitchen, washingmachine come drier, broadband internet (think this should be included), satellite Television, daily newspaper and comfortable bedrooms it was my first choice for my return business trip, 8 nights, in September with a work colleague. Within walking distance of the Kensington shopping district, Harrods and Buckingham Palace, the Gloucester Road Underground only 5 minute walk away, where the Hop on Hop off bus departs, I would recommend the Collingham for business or family destination. There are well priced Pubs and restaurants close by as well as a Sainsbury and Waitrose supermarket, also a 5 minute walk away.The only criticism I have is that the shower amenities are quite ‘small’ with not a lot of ‘turning’ or head room. I found myself hitting the roof over the shower a number of times; I am only 6’ 2”!!If you have a car don’t bring it as there is no car parking available, although I believe that one of the hotels up the road may offer parking at an exorbitant daily fee!!!!!!!!!Yes, I will return.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent accomodation in good neighbourhood	My wife and I get to London a couple of times a year and always rent a serviced apartment. This was our first stay at The Collingham Apartments but we will certainly return.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great place to stay friendly staffvery comfortable	Collingham Apartments is in a lovely location and convenient for theatres restaurants etc. The staff are friendly and polite and the Manageress made us feel special and gave us very good advice on where to go. The suites are very clean and comfortable and great care had been taken to make you feel that it was like being at home. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will be returning in the not too distant future when we next visit London. It is the only place for us now we have found this great place to stay.Alan and Joan Smith, St Lucia, W.I.	
Sep 28 2009 	What a great find	I did not know what it would be like but was pleasantly surprised by what I found. Excellent apartment, great service, great location. I would definitiely recommend me this for anyone who wants a well located, spacious place to stay. Royal Albert Halls and Museums were very close	
Sep 27 2009 	We loved our stay at the Collingham	I booked our stay here after reading the glowing reviews on this site. On arrival we were upgraded from a one bedroom to a two bedroom apartment with a lovely roof terrace. The rooms were spotless and the welcome box of chocolates were a nice touch. The furniture was a bit dated but not worn or unclean. We found the beds to be very comfortable . The family in the apartment upstairs were a bit heavy footed when walking around but I have had this in lotsof hotels too so did not find this a big problem.The location was great for us as we travelled around London by tube.The staff were very friendly especially to my little son. We all had such a great time that we plan to return in December	
Sep 25 2009	Tired Rooms Nasty General Manager	Were it not for the location of the Collingham Apartments, there would be no reason for us to have contemplated a stay here. It turned out the premises weren't at all the way they appeared in the hotel's relatively decent photographs. The furnishings were three decades out of date (posters of calla lilies from the '80s), and the personnel were all surly and incompetent. There was no airconditioning, and tons of noise from apartments above or adjacent to ours. Go somewhere else! London is full of charming vacation rentals, and this is not one of them! The sour old &quot;general manager&quot; was a reason all on her own to warn other travellers off this joint! Stained carpeting, sewer smell on entering rooms, ancient draperies and upholstery. Yuck!!!! Hated this place!!!	
Sep 20 2009 	Very happy	I had the pleasure of staying at the Collingham Suites for one night with my wife. I had booked a room on the wotif web site. On arrival the reception staff were very friendly and promptly ugraded us from a studio appt to a suite. This room was vey nice, kitchen and rooms very clean. The suite had a small courtyard, unfortunately it was raining so we could not enjoy this.The accomodation had everything required for a long comfortable stay. It is well positioned between Earls Court &amp; Gloucester Rd tube stationsI have no problems recommending these appartments and intend staying here on my way out of the country in October.	
Sep 18 2009 	Studio a little bit disappointing	After reading the good reviews I booked a Studio Apartment. I just returnes from 3 nights and for me it was a little bit disappointing.The location is very good, nearby Gloucester Road and Earls Court tube stations with a direct link to Heathrow.I booked a studio and it was in the basement, pretty dark and I don't think it's nice to put someone in a basement room but thats normal in Londen. Beware of the very small and steep stairs. The roomsize was ok, with a kitchenette with, most important, a microwave. Bathroom really small, sink was too small, toilet did not flush very well. My room was next to the laundry room and untill 11 in the evening there was the constant noise of the washing machines.The first night my room smelt terrible of cigarette smoke. I even had to put my clothes in my suitcase, or they would smell of cigarette smoke. The other two nights I did not smell this but it never smelt really good in the room. I heard every step of my upstairs neighbours and when their child started crying in the night it was like the child was in my room. So overall, not very pleased, plus side is the kitchenette and the location, down side the noise, smell and the basement.	
Sep 18 2009 	Beware the Studio Apartment	Forget the beautiful pictures. There is apparently only one studio apartment and it is almost subterranean. The room is very small and gets more poky as you go through the bathroom to a narrow room to put your luggage. Very very small window and off a narrow entry passage is a door to a small courtyard like being at the bottom of a lightwell - table not cleaned during our stay so had droppings on it. Not pleasant to eat at. In the main room it would have been a real stretch to open the table up and put 2 chairs at it. We ate on the bed. Only good thing was the Ikea kitchen in a cupboard -very nifty but if you had it open then couldn't get into the tiny bathroom. The treads on the stairs down to this room were shorter than my small feet. My husband had to go down sideways. Supposed to be 4 stars- receptionist told me 4 stars for an apartment is different from 4 stars for a hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	Home Away From Home in London	We stayed here for 2 weeks whilst in London to see the ODI cricket matches and throughly enjoyed our stay in the apartments and highly recommend them as a place to stay. The apartments are situated in a handy location to the Gloucester Road Tube Station, shops, reasturants and museums and are located in a quiet and safe neighbourhood. The staff service was always prompt, friendly and helpful. We did not want to leave the Collingham Apartments and are counting down to our return trip.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic alternative to a hotel	We stayed overnight for one night on a saturday. As it was a weekend we were able to park on the street outside for free from 1.30pm onwards on the day we checked in. We had a warm and friendly greeting from the man on reception when we arrived and we were checked in to a one bed apartment on the second floor at the back of the building. It was really peaceful and quiet and to our delight we had our own private roof terrace. The apartment was spotlessly clean and quite large. It was a bit like a maisonette with the bedroom and bathroom on one level and the lounge and kitchen on another leading out to the roof terrace- so it felt really spacious. The kitchen is very well equipped even with a washing machine and there is also a retractable clothes line above the bath to hang clothes to dry if you need to. There were lots of little things that made it special- a welcome pack with shopping tips, a basket with lots and lots of coffee, tea, sugar etc, a free daily paper. It would be even better if there were toiletries other than just soap in the bathroom- but it was french milled soap! I agree with some of the other reviews that there was a bit of wear and tear to some of the fixtures and fittings and creaky floorboards in the flat above but not really anything that spoilt our enjoyment. The location is great- within walking distance of the museums, Albert Hall, Kensington Gardens, Harrods etc. We will definitely be returning and as an alternative to a hotel the apartment was fantastic and really good value for money and highly recommended!	
Aug 9 2009 	highly recommended	i stayed there for 2 weeks &quot;3 bedrooms&quot; really it was marvelous and i enjoyed staying there. the receptionist were great and helpfuli really recommend it	
Jun 14 2009 	A real gem in London	Having always stayed at hotels when we visit London, we decided to try something different so we booked a two bedroomed, one bathroom apartment for one night 10th June 2009. On arrival we were greeted by very friendly staff and were told that we were being upgraded to a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment, being 4 females we thought this was great as girls do tend to hog the bathroom a bit!The apartment was amazing, we couldn't believe how spacious it was, my daughter (of 21!!) was running from the lounge to the bedroom, the length of the apartment was that long!All rooms were of an excellent size and everything was exceptionally clean. Lounge was huge,kitchen was well equipped with everything you would need during your stay. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was spotless, towels and bed linen were snow white.We arrived back late at night and again were greeted by a very helpful gentleman on the desk who found us a number for pizza delivery at half past one in the morning.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and were made to feel very welcome by all the staff, we would highly recommend the Collingham apartments to anyone staying in London, they are situated in a quiet, safe road but still close to all public transport.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great space great area	Our 1-bedroom apartment was great -- really spacious living room, good bathroom., all for the normal price of a cramped London hotel room. I had a friend stay overnight on the sofa bed. The living room was big enough for 10 of the family to come around for coffee after a meal out. Saved piles of money by eating in some of the time -- even inviting people around for meals. The area is really, really nice -- lots of restaurants and cafes (especially at Gloucester Road), beautiful local architecture. For a week I imagined I was wealthy enough to live in Kensington &amp; Chelsea. Staff very pleasant and helpful, though we didn't ask for much as I know my way around London. Though it was a basement room, there was no mustiness, it was just a very nice apartment. Would have been nice to have a view though.Only negative -- just outside the bedroom window is a tiny courtyard, and when anyone is smokong in the courtyard (which happened the first 3 or 4 days) the smoke comes through to the bedroom, even when the window is closed. I would definitely return, we loved the place and the area, but I'd ask for an upper floor apartment if possible.	
May 25 2009 	Virtually perfect	An excellent place to stay. We always rent apartments when we come to London as a group of 4, but this time our usual place was unavailable. We tried the Collingham and LOVED it. We will certainly be going back there. There was nothing at all wrong with the room, everything was perfect. They were a good size, the bathroom was also a good size with excellent facilities. We stayed in the 2 bed, 1 bathroom apartment and had a rather neat little terrace, where we could sit out and enjoy the warm spring evening. The beds were comfortable and the linen crisp and fresh. The reason for a 4 out of 5 on the service mark is nothing to do with the staff, who were VERY friendly and helpful. On the day we checked out, we were told that we could leave our cases there and collect them later. The one thing we didn't like is that we had to leave them in the reception. We were reassured that they would be fine and no-one would take them as someone was in reception all day. When we returned, they were still there of course, but it didn't stop us being a little anxious throughout the day on the occasions we thought about them. It would have been nice if they had been in a separate, locked room like the regular apartments we stay at. Apart from that, as I say, everything was perfect and we will be going back there, without a doubt.	
May 20 2009 	Fantastic location great service - ask for a room with a view to the park.	I had already spent 4 months at the Collingham Apartments, when working in London, and came back for a week in April 2009. I asked to stay in the same room I had spent my long stay, but it was unavailable. They had kindly rearranged to try to offer me the closest thing possible, which was the room exactly above my former one. But it did not have what I had most loved about it, which was a perfect view to the lovely private park across the street. It was too high up and the top of the trees covered the view. When Govinda, from the reception, called me in the room to asked me how I liked it, I told him that the room was perfect, but not the view. But I had no expectations he would do anything about it, after all, guaranteeing a perfect view is not something a hotel can do. But 10 minutes later he called me again and gave me an upgrade to an apartment that was not only much bigger, but more importantly, had a perfect view to the lovely park. This is what I call excellent service.	
May 20 2009 	Great place for a business/pleasure stay in London	I found this place after a last minute request to travel to London for a meeting.It's a little tricky to find, but once you're there, it really is very nice and I was pleasantly surprised (especially as I wasn't paying the earth to stay there)The room itself was large and included a lovely big bed, kitchenette (in a cupboard, bizarrely) and a good sized bathroom and dressing room.Great find and enjoyed my stay there - friendly staff on the front desk.	
May 19 2009	Lovely apartment in an excellent location.	My sister &amp; I stayed here on the final leg of our overseas trip and on arrival were immediately upgraded to a self contained 2 bedroom apartment which certainly made our stay more enjoyable. The rooms are a good size, well furnished and very clean and the little courtyard area was a nice retreat. The apartment is close to the underground station, supermarket &amp; restaurants. The neighbourhood felt very safe to walk in even late at night. The staff are friendly and very helpful. We will certainly be recommending the apartments to our friends &amp; family and hope to stay again soon.	
May 3 2009 	Exceeded all of our expectations!	We stayed at the Collingham Apartments for 2 nights in mid-April.It exceeded every single one of our expectations!We travelled with our 15 month old son, and from the moment that we arrived, at 9am, after 24 hours of travelling from Sydney, we were made to feel welcome and very much at home.We were absolutely blessed to be upgraded from a 1 bedroom apt to a 2 bedroom apt - this was a wonderful surprise, and I cannot thank the staff at the Collingham enough for showing us such generosity. There was so much space, and seperate bedrooms for ourselves and our 15 month old son meant that we were all well rested.The apartment exceeded all of our high standards for accomodation:1. Quiet2. Clean3. Spacious4. GREAT location - close to supermarkets, tube stations and walking distance to tourist attractions, close to quiet London pubs and great restaurants5. An upgrade - we even had a little outdoor terrace for our son to explore!6. Amazingly helpful and friendly staff - the manager was exceptional7. Well kitted out kitchen8. Good hot water pressure and volume9. Comfortable bedProbably the only thing that was a little frustrating was the heating - we were warm - but this was easily modified by opening windows.We cannot wait to stay again, and would reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants a bit more space than a hotel room, whilst being in a more residential area of London, but still having everything that you will need close by.	
Mar 28 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	Travelled with two teenagers. Collingham Apertments were very well presented warm and spacious. The staff were very helpful and accomodating and assisted in researching places of interest.Excellent central location and very close to two tube stations allowing quick transport to London tourist destinations.	
Mar 24 2009 	Fabulous family friendly luxury appartment hotel	A fantastic appartment hotel in central London, really caring and thoughtful staff. We could not have been made more welome and the appartment had lovely views out over the garden square in front. Our baby was well provided for with toys, cot and highchair and the internal lift made getting the buggy up to the room really easy. Felt safe and comfortable for the whole stay. The Manager is lovely and really helpful. We will go back every time we stay in London.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great place to stay with teenage family	A really comfortable, relaxing and spacious place to stay with our teenage family without needing to book two hotel rooms. We had a two bed, two bathroom penthouse apartment. A well equiped kitchen to cook food from nearby shops, saving on the cost of eating out. The staff were very friendly and offered excellent service. Near to Kensington museums and Kensington and Knightsbridge shopping areas. We will definitely return.	
Feb 19 2009 	Average stay...another choice than a hotel	This is a first time staying in a service apartment during leisure trip. We traveled from Paris to London. Bit disappointed about the quality of the room comparing with our stay in Paris. The bathroom is very small, wifi is not free. We had 2 heavy luggages, however, we needed to walk on stairs to our rooms. Somehow, our room got upgraded from a bachelor room to 2 bedrooms apartment with larger bathroom for our last night. This surprised us, but we were very happy for this offer. I would recommend family to stay in this apartment. For couple, there may be other choices.	
Feb 6 2009 	A real find	Stayed here for 6 days in Jan with my wife and 2 kids under 4. We had a 2 bed self catering apartment. It was just superb. We had gorgeous views over the garden square. The staff were extremely courteous and helpful. It's a real find in a superb location. I'm really picky too.	
Dec 30 2008 	Good Location	We have just returned from a trip to London for the Christmas holidays. We were a group of 7 staying at the Collingham Apartments. The location is very good, you can walk a very short distance to a selection of small shops, chemist, groceries and a few good resturants. Even though we took taxi's into town, you could walk it in 30mins. the subways are within easy walking distance, approx 5 mins.The apartment was a 3 bed with sofabed and comfortable but a little shabby and in need of refurbishment. The kitchen had no dishwasher, the toaster set off the smoke alarm and was not fully equiped ( we were missing forks).The master bedroom was very spacious but the 2 twin rooms a little on the small side. The showers were not good as the water tempreture changed during showering and the pressure left a lot to be desired. The apartment was clean and the beds and bed linen were of good quality.The reseption was manned 24hours but not very helpfull, most looked terribly bored and fed up. We ordered a taxi through reception to take us to the airport but they didn't bother to call the apartment to say it had arrived and it was pricey.All in all, the apartment was appropriately priced but would have paid more for better quality.	
Dec 19 2008 	Home from home	I stayed in the Collingham for five weeks at the end of 2008 and I found it an excellent place to stay. Staff were helpful, the apartment was kept extremely clean and it softened the blow of having to work away from home for a lengthy period. Particularly of note was how the housekeeping staff managed to find and return items I kept forgetting when returning home on a weekend. The area is obviously very pleasent, with plenty of bars, restaurants and shopping facilities around particularly with central London close by.The only negative point I would have is the price of the broadband, which at £9 / day is very expensive. Nevertheless, an excellent place to stay and I've already recommended it to a colleague who's working in London for a period next year.	
Dec 12 2008 	I can recommend the collingham apartments	I am pleased to be able to recommend the collingham apartments,both for the agreeable furnishings and the friendliness of the staff.Ideally located, my one-bedroom apartment was quiet and convenient - a real &quot;home-from-home&quot;(Mrs) Elizabeth FridrichLoewenbergstrasse 54CH-4059 Basel, Switzerland	
Dec 7 2008	A month in South Kensington	Sometimes you can win lotteries. I chose Collingham Apartments on spec, not knowing what I would be getting. I found it to be very comfortable, clean, very quiet of a night time and conveniently located to the tube and to supermarkets. And the staff were friendly and effecient. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a short or longer stay in Lomndon, in good quality accomodation.	
Dec 5 2008 	Fantastic Accommodation at The Collingham Apartments	We were a party of 3 adults and a 16 month old toddler. Staying in a hotel room with the small one is not an option so finding these self catering apartments in a great area was really pleasing. The staff really looked after us and over delivered in every aspect. We will certainly be returning and I am sure anyone reading this will have a great stay. The facilities are spot on and cover all bases. Thanks again to all concerned for making our stay so memorable. Shaun, Rebecca, Kate and Pippa (the nipper) !!	
Nov 25 2008 	Very Good Stay	Date:16-17 Nov 2008My family of 5 enjoyed 2 nights at the Collingham. Our comfortable 2 bedroom apartment looked newly furnished and clean, with a well equipped kitchen and an in-room safe. Soap is provided in the bathroom, but please bring your own shampoo.Located in a peaceful area, we were still only 5 minutes' walk from the Gloucester underground station, which is next to a 24 hr convenience store and some fast food joints. Reception was efficient and courteous, making for a very good stay.	
Nov 10 2008 	Looking For A Quiet Room -Collingham Apartments	This was my second stay at the apartments, only bacause on previous ocassions it has been full, which says it all.Again another great apartment, which has two rooms, one double and a twin, along with the lounge and kitchen/ dinning room area.The apartment was clean and comfortable and even the heating was turned up a little for the cold Autumn night that greeted you outside.A superb location, which is close to the tube, yet far enough off the beaten track to offer a peaceful nights sleep.	
Oct 29 2008 	The Collingham was the greatest !	I stayed at the Collingham with my husband and 2 teenage boys in Oct 2008. We were impressed with the size of the apartments, we had a 2 bed/2 bathroom, they are very well equipped, spotlessly clean, with a daily maid service, and had beautiful towels and linen. Staff were helpful and friendly, and the location, between Earls Court and Glouster Rd Tube stations was fabulous. There are a variety of supermarkets and bottle shops within easy walking distance. Wireless internet was reasonably priced and worked well (essential with teenagers). I would highly recommend, and thought that it was good value for money.	
Oct 19 2008 	Excellent value for money	We spent 3 days at the Collingham Apartments at the beginning of October. This was my first acquaintance with using an apartment instead of a hotel room (we are from New Zealand) and it was a wonderful choice. The apartments are very clean, lovely linen, huge towels, every facility you could want. The staff were all excellent - helpful and friendly. And they were on duty 24x7. The location was superb with lots of convenience stores, cafes,and transport options near by. Highly recommended.	
Jul 27 2008 	Fantastic Apartments	My family and I stayed at the apartments in July of 2008. Two adults and a teenager. We had a two bedroom apartment that had a living room, fully equiped kitchen (with clothes washing machine/dryer) and a small courtyard. The location was great - a 10 minute walk (at the most) from two underground stations. It had a supermarket and pharmacy 5 mins walk away. Local restuarants were close by too. A very lovely part of London. Would highly recommend.	
Jun 2 2008	Great apartments - excellent staff	My wife and I stayed at the Collingham Apartments last April and I could not recommend them highly enough. Comfortable lounge, well equipped kitchen, separate bed room with plenty of storage space plus a great bathroom.The location was ideal for us, near the Gloucester Road Station and the shops close by were just perfect for us to buy food for our meals.The location, staff and the facilities made our trip from Australia for our first stay in London a holiday to remember.	
May 22 2008 	Nice stay overall	We stayed a week at the Collingham Apartments in May with two young kids and three adults. We booked a 2 bedroom apartment and they gave us a 3 bedroom once we got there. Unfortunately it was in the basement. The rooms had high ceilings and a good amount of space for London and although there were many windows, they didn't provide much light. Still, we were only really there in the evenings. Overall, good location, clean and enough room for us all to be comfortable, eat meals, and for the adults to hang out in the sitting room once the little ones were in bed. I would have liked to be closer to Kensington High Street or Chelsea but there was easy access to buses and two tube stops to get everywhere quite quickly (I recommend buying a multi-day travel pass which allows you to swipe and go on buses and the tube without having to stop and pay for every trip). Close to several grocery stores as well.	
May 20 2008 	perfect spot	If you want to stay in quality South Kensington area, walking distance to Hyde Park, shopping, etc why stay in a hotel when there's the Collingham? For the same price you get an apartment with daily maid service, and plenty of room. Very clean, helpful staff, and an ideal, quiet and safe location. 5 min from Gloucester Road Tube station [which is easy and fantastic]. A note to early a.m. arrivals, we arrived at 7.30am and had to wait until 2pm to checkin. It was a beautiful day so we found Hyde Park and lazed on the grass, slept, people watched, had a picnic etc. we were dead tired but we enjoyed seeing a quieter side of London. In fact, returned to Hyde Park many times. The Collingham ultimately upgraded us to a 2 bedroom apt with private balcony...sweet. Also gave us a bottle of wine. You really can't go wrong with staying here if you are more independent and want to explore things on your own. Sure, we got lost walking around, but most people were very helpful. London is a huge busy busy city, but here was a quiet haven to relax.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Experience for our Family	Having never been to England our SoCal Family didn't know what to expect. Also, every website about England and Europe we found only listed 2 people max per room, so we would have needed 2 rooms anyway. So I found The Collingham Serviced Apartments online on trip advisor and all the reviews were very positive. I booked it, and was nervous about what we'd really find there. However, it was in the beautiful section of Kensington, a short walk from 2 different tube stations (Earl Court &amp; Westminster), close to Starbucks, and close to many restaurants. The staff was very helpful at the Collingham, the room was perfect for our 4 member family &amp; cleaned everyday. We had a 2 bedroom apartment, with a family room, outside patio and kitchen! The kitchen had everything you could need as well. Should we ever get back to the UK we'll definitely stay at the Collingham again! I am very picky and so is my husband, so this review is very honest!	
Dec 14 2007 	Better than the Chelsea Match	Booked the Apartments through laterooms and got a good deal. On arrival upgraded to a three bedroom apartment (only 2 of us) and I have to say that the place was great.Big rooms and great bedrroms with 2 en - suite bathrooms. Great location close to Gloucester Road Tube but a quite street.The front desk staff were fantastic and very attentive	
Oct 29 2007 	Good location but basic for the price	My wife, daughter and I stayed at the Collingham for a week. We had a 2 bedroom Penthouse apartment. The location is good, on a quiet street about 5 minutes walk from either Earls Court or Gloucester Road undergrounds. It also qualified on the '2 minute' rule I have in London, in other words, if you don't see a London taxi within 2 minutes of stepping outside - you are in the wrong location! The staff were friendly and helpful. However, having checked in on a Saturday, we were suprised that this 'serviced' apartment was not serviced at all the following day (Sunday), although it was on every other day. The apartment was really quite basic - there was only one small dining table, which had to be shared with Wi-Fi computer access and for meals when eating in. I asked for a second table, but was informed that none were available as 'all apartments were occupied' (in other words, they couldn't borrow from another room). There was only one power point in the living room, located at the opposite side of the room to the table. This single power point powered lighting and the television (very small) by way of extension cables. I had to plug my computer into a power point in the hallway and run the lead from there to the living room. The plumbing in the bathroom was very basic, the heated towelrail did not work, nor did the heating control for the apartment. We were left with the impression that this apartment had been equipped on a very tight budget. Not what we expected for the price of the room, and absolutely no comparison to the slightly more expensive apartments at Flemings Hotel in Half Moon Street, where we had stayed several times previously.London accomodation can often be a disappointment, and the Collingham was another example.	
Sep 19 2007	Loved The Collingham	The staff was extremely friendly, helpful &amp; always available. They felt more like relatives than hotel staff. They gave us travel/attraction ideas and seemed to know our needs easily as they always payed attention to guests. The accomodations were more than we expected, everything we needed, very comfortable and very, very clean.	
Aug 8 2007 	Terrific place to stay	We spent 4days at Collingham apartments in July 2007.The location was fabulous, close to the tube stations ,shops especially the 24 hour Sainsburys, pubs restaurants and museums.The staff who were always present at the front reception were friendly and helpful. The apartment (we had a 2 bedroom 1 bathroom) was spacious, well appointed and extremely clean.We even had a little patio which was lovely. It was great to be able to self cater as required, it was very handy to have laundry facilities. We would always stay here over a hotel. We would highly recommend Collingham apartments to our friends.	
Jul 3 2007 	Spacious and clean great location no air conditioning	An apartment in London is definitely the way to go for families. We stayed in a 2bd/2ba apt here for four nights in June, and it was spacious, clean. It had small but serviceable kitchen. Best thing was location. On a very quiet street with a lovely garden in the middle of a typical South Kensington square. Earl's Court Rd and tube station (both very busy areas) are a surprisingly close three blocks away. However, like many London properties in summer, it can get very warm and has no air conditioning. We stayed on the first floor and the second bedroom was extremely stuffy, even though the temperature never topped 80F. Proximity to Earl's Court Rd Marks and Spencer, inexpensive Greek restaurant and Earl's Court tube station were all pluses. Sainsbury's (I hate to say it, but the London equivalent of WalMart--and I mean that in a good way) is a few blocks further down closer to S. Kensington. Would be best no later than early summer due to no a/c.	
Jun 19 2007 	A very pleasant surprise!	I, as the mother of Yananoli, agree completely with his review of this apartment. I was especially impressed with the large size of the rooms and the comfortable beds, since so many reviews of other apartments and hotels complained of the rooms being smaller than they looked in pics and also, the beds were too soft or lumpy. It was a nice introduction to England to spend our first four days here!	
May 13 2007 	Very nice apartment !	We stayed at the Collingham apts for 4 nights in early April 2007. Our room was a 2 bdr 2 bath downstairs.The apt was very nice ,clean and comfortable.The neighborhood was excellent.We walked to tube stations at all times of the day and night and had no problems at all.Tube station Earls Court was 3 blocks away a nice 5 minute walk.Lots of restaurants and markets around earls court.Would definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone.We were a family of 5 with two teens and our mother of 68.The only drawback was our room was down a narrow stair case and the lift only serviced the upper floors.At first we expressed concern over this because our mother had trouble walking .The apt offered a single room for her on the floor by the front desk for a very discounted rate .We appreciated that very much, but our mother decided to stay downstairs anyway.Also on one day we took a cab and there were plenty driving by just on the corner very easy to find one.Overall we had a wonderful time ,the beds were very comfortable the bathrooms had tubs and were clean,the kitchen was perfect for making our meals when we wanted to save a few pounds.We recommend it very highly and price was very reasonable compared to staying in a hotel so enjoy !	
Oct 25 2006 	No Aircon!!!!	The apartments are in a great location and are very well maintained. However, they neglect to inform you that they have no airconditioning! This is probably usually not a problem. But, if you go in the summer, stay elsewhere. You just might happen to go during the &quot;heatwave&quot;. I used to live in Prague and I know that this part of the world always has an &quot;unusual heatwave&quot; during the summer.I found it interesting that when my husband arrived (a day ahead of me) that they &quot;upgraded&quot; him to the penthouse. What he didn't realize was that someone had probably been in the penthouse the day before and had complained so loudly about the heat that they moved them to another room. So, they gave it to us to seem like we were special! Well let me tell you. It was so hot that we could not even consider staying anytime during the day in our flat. This ended up being a bit of a problem, because we were all jetlagged and sometimes needed to bring the kids back to the room for an hour or so. We also had a friend drive in from outside of London to visit and we couldn't even stay in the apartment to talk and visit. Sweat was dripping off of everyone and the kids were miserable!!! I suggest that anyone with kids that is visiting London in the summer always ask if the accomodation has airconditioning. You never know when that &quot;unusual&quot; heatwave might just hit!	
Aug 30 2006 	Ideal for a family stay in Lodon	I recently stayed at the Collingham Apartments for four nights with my family. We had a two bedroomed apartment (for us and our 3 kids) and a one bedroomed apartment (for my parents). It was absolutely ideal for our needs and in a great location.As the children are still young (6,4 and 2) we did not want to be stuck in a hotel room with them after their bedtime, so the sitting room and kitchen were great for us to relax in after they went to bed. We also saved a lot on breakfasts and lunches by having our own kitchen to use. The apartments are in a nice quiet street, close to Earl's Court and Gloucester Rd tube stations and walking distance from the museums (The Science Museum being our favourite!).I would highly recommend the Collingham for familes wanting a home form home in London.	
Feb 22 2006 	Collingham voted Best in Class (by me)	We just got back from a stay at the Collingham Apartments in the South Kensington area of London. Without a doubt, the best place I have stayed in many visits to South Kensington. We had a two-bedroom apartment that we arranged through --- who were able to arrange a better rate for us than calling the Collingham directly. It's not the fanciest, it's not a place to see or be seen, it's not the place to go if you are expecting to stay in the lap of luxury. However, if you are looking to stay in one of the nicest neighborhoods in London but not hand over your wallet, this is a great choice.When my wife and I arrived with our two babies in tow, The Collingham staff sent three men to help us unload our van. Being typical Americans we couldn't leave the house without five suitcases, a stroller, and God-knows-how-many bags of toys, diapers and other kid things! Anyway, nobody gave us any sideways glances, they were happy to see us and the front desk staff was very friendly-- especially to the babies.The apartment was much bigger than I expected. There was a full hallway with the bedrooms off to one side and the bathroom, kitchen and living room on the other and a patio at the far end. The bathroom was quite large with a tub/shower combo. The bedrooms each had a large closet, two night stands and two single beds-- but in ours the beds were pushed together to make a &quot;king&quot; bed. The living room had a TV, sofa, two soft chairs and a small table and four chairs for eating. They have a lot of stuff crammed in there. They could probably stand to lose some chairs since you could conceivably sit 9 people in this room all at once. I suspect only the two bedroom units have the patio/deck since I could only see about 4 of them.The kitchen was very usable (not a kitchenette like many places that advertise a &quot;kitchen&quot;) with a full size fridge, a microwave, an oven, toaster, flatware and silverware. The only bummer was no basics like salt, sugar, condiments. The TV got about 25 channels and there was a DVD player as well. But remember, UK DVD players won't play American DVDs so don't bother bringing any. Besides, the front desk has about 75 movies to choose from.I'm sure you can find this all on their webpage but they have wireless internet access, a (free) laundry room, 24 hour desk staff, and daily maid service (except sundays) and they even clean your dishes! There's a huge supermarket about 2 blocks away. They are smack dab in the middle of Earl's Court and Gloucester Road tube stops-- about 7 minutes to either. The Natural History Museum, Hyde Park and even Harrod's (on a nice day) are all within walking distance. Downsides would be the funky layout of the apartments, skinny hallways and lack of a true queen/king bed.Overall the Collingham was very clean, the staff is friendly-- even the guy on duty at 2 am-- and you're in a great neighborhood. I will definitely stay here next time I visit.	
Jan 26 2006 	Collingham Serviced Apartments	My Company exhibit's at Olympia. We always stay at The Collingham, as the apartments are perfect for us, and close to Olympia and the tube. Very clean, with laundry facilities, dry cleaning, and close to supermarket. We like to eat breakfast in, and often have take-away or dine out at night. We need the wireless broadband, which they offer.After a busy day, it's nice to watch a DVD in the lounge.They have quite a choice of films. We like the friendly relaxed karma of The Collingham.	
Dec 28 2005	A Home from Home	For our pre-Christmas family trip to London we needed a friendly, clean, inexpensive hotel in a good location. We got even more than this during our stay at the Collingham Apartments. From the moment we arrived the ladies at reception couldnt have made us feel more welcome. Our room was spotless, with 2 good-sized bedrooms, with incredibly comfortable large beds. The living room area over-looked pretty gardens of a residential square and the kitchen was well equipped for a family's cooking needs. Not only was the hotel well-located near Harrods and the museums, and close to a tube station but also in a quiet pretty neighbourhood away from the main roads. Any extra requests or queries for the staff were dealt with efficiently. We would happily recommend The Collingham Apartments, and definitely intend to stay there again next year.	
Nov 14 2005 	Good Value but Be Careful!	Booked here to stay in this Apartment for 3 nights. There was 7 people in my party. On arrival the reception looked as per the picture on the internet. The lift was small and it could only hold 3 persons max as a point there are 5 floors!!! We were on floor 2 in room 120. Room 120 was a 3 bedroom apartment and this is where we had our biggest shock. The lock on the room door was positioned about 2 foot from the ground well below the handle - why I still don't know. The apartment was OK if you are on a budget but there is no way I would have stayed here if it was myself and my kids on our own. The living room was under-furnished one 2 seated sofa (sofa come bed) and 2 arm chairs this apartment was to accommodate 6-8 people????????? The rooms (all of them) were small and the living room was cramped when all 7 of us were watching TV and there is only one TV and none in the bedrooms. The kitchen was kitted out OK but not great some cutlery was rusty along with some pots and pans. The kitchen was fairly clean. One thing which I found hard to believe missing was a coffee maker (which wasn't in or room on arrival but took 2 days to get) and I was presented this old one person peculator-dirty as well! The kitchen is cramped and two in it is a real push! Bedrooms, basic very basic you do not get the &quot;luxury&quot; touches as per the photos on their web site, no nice furnishings - nothing. The beds are comfortable but they are dressed in plain white quilt plain sheets and plain pillows. The home-made wardrobes are dirty and dusty, I needed to was some of my clothes because the dust had been left on the shelf's where someone hasn't cleaned in a long long time. The bathrooms are plain white and dirty and need a good cleaning and a lot of re-grouting around the tiles and the bath. Soap - there is soap but the soap is out of their packet and looked used all 4 bars per bathroom mite I add (must be on an economy drive.) There is no face-cloths at all in the building so bring some!! All in all it seems to be a bit of false advertising from the site to reality but staff were friendly and the location was good.There are guest houses who offer better service and accommodation for a cheaper price than this establishment but you make you own decision.....	
Mar 25 2004	Much better than a hotel room--for less!	We found that this was a great alternative to a hotel room, particularly since it was less expensive and much more spacious.It is located in a nice, mostly residential neighborhood, only a couple of blocks from a tube station, and with plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby.Three of us (2 adults, 1 child) shared a one bedroom, which features a small but fully-outfitted kitchen, lounge with sleeper sofa, bedroom, bathroom and patio with table, chairs and a swing. There are several grocery stores in the area, so stocking the fridge &amp; pantry was easy.The apartment was cleaned every day (except Sunday), with fresh linens supplied.If you are going to be in London at least a week, I highly recommend getting an apartment instead of a hotel room!	
Nov 18 2009 	Merveilleux week end		
Nov 5 2009 	Vacances en famille		
Oct 8 2009 	posizione molto buona e tranquilla		
Oct 7 2009 	Tolle Lage und sehr schoenes Apartment.		
