Nov 15 2009 	The worst hotel i have stayed in my life	I would consider myself someone who does not complain at the slightest problem. I have never in my life stayed in such a dreadful hotel and I would recommend that anyone who is considering this hotel hits the back button now!Lets start with the hall way absolutely fifthly with dirt on the skirting boards, carpet with that really grubby look and marks on every wall. The reception is similar to what you would expect in a back street takeaway even down to the TV with only 50% reception. I was provided with keys with a tag held together with tape. Then the hotel room. Imagine a hostel somewhere in a third world country. Well now add the vision of one that has never been cleaned for a few months. In the corner of the room was the shower. A box with cheap doors that did not close painted in white gloss paint a number of years ago and now turned cream. The curtains were heavy with that feeling of dirt as they have never been cleaned. The carpet of the same standard. The TV again with the hotel standard of 50% reception however the worst of all was the bed. It felt like a rock the pillow thin and hard from many years of heads resting on it but oh my goodness the sheets were off grey and the bed spread the again heavy with the feeling of grime. I placed my own towel over the pillow to lie down and noticed the paper falling off the ceiling and walls with the very high standard of repair, parcel tape!The toilets were up one level. Gross I won’t go into detail!The whole night I felt I was not alone in the bed maybe psychological. The next morning I enjoyed a cold shower as the shower was not working. I called for breakfast and was horrified to see brown deposits all up the cord. Breakfast arrived. Boiled egg no spoon toast wrapped in serviette and slab of marmalade make your own coffee (the kettle was new and clean” and orange juice in clear glass which was now opaque.You may ask why I stayed. I made the mistake of paying when I arrived and I had confirmed with late room so was unsure if I would get my money back. I asked for a new room and was moved the second day to a larger room with same decor however this time I was asked to pay extra to which I refused. I was so pleased to leave and never wish to go back. Have just looked at the hotel rates what a con laterooms. 150 for a double room! Standard rate! No way no way. It’s a case of boosting the price to reduce it to a still over inflated price a real rip off.	
Oct 1 2009 	Easily the worst place I have ever stayed at....and with kids in tow.....	First I didn't go here without doing some research. I didn't know about tripadvisor at the time, so unfortunately I used either Fodors or Frommer's travel guides and one of them gave a decent review of this place saying that it was clean and efficient. WRONG! After staying at a nice bed and breakfast in Bath and a four star hotel in the theatre district, we stayed here the last night of our trip...thinking it was a shorter distance to Heathrow. My biggest mistake in 30 years of international travel. What you've read about in the negative reviews is true. Check in desk is a window down a hallway that is staffed part time....probably since if it was staffed full time more people would want out....No elevators. To go upstairs you have to walk sideways especially if you are bringing luggage. The room threshold and doorways are uneven, walls are paper thin (there was a party next door and every word you could hear). Bed were old and literally you could feel each bedspring. The towels were like small pieces of sandpaper. Even the toilet paper was the cheapest you could possibly find. You can hear all the noise on the street. Not clean, not efficient, nowhere near even my minimum standards. I was embarassed that I could have taken my kids and wife, and my inlaws here. If you only take one review out of this entire website...and you are thinking of staying here....find a park bench, and save the $250 US per night.	
Sep 27 2009 	The Worst Hotel I have every seen...!!!	This hotel is absolutely disgusting, arrived Sunday afternoon 2pm receptionist handed us the keys to our room when we got to the door it was just a standard internal door a standard lock that didn't work properly the door also had broken bits of timber near the latch which looked as though someone had tried to force their way in , on entering the smell was overwhelming, the room had 1 double bed and 1 single bed both bed spreads were filthy dirty and had cigarette burns in them, the carpet was dirty the window above the single bed could not be closed or locked the small bar fridge was very old and the bottom of the door was rusted , on top of the fridge was a tray with a cup and saucer and a few scattered satchels of coffee and sugar. In the bathroom the bath tub was brown the shower curtain was torn , the toilet cistern was leaking and the sink in the bathroom was shattered as if someone had dropped a bowling ball in it.. the bathroom window could not be locked and there was a substantial ledge outside the window easily accessible from the roof top. I am by no means fussy and for the price we paid ($75 British Pounds per night) (3 nights booked) was expecting something very simple but clean and safe. We could not believe that a hotel in this condition would be permitted to operate...we went back to reception and said we were not happy with the room and were advised no refund would be paid... that did not change my mind about staying as I would rather sleep on the street by 2:30 pm we were walking the streets of London looking for alternate accommodation which thank god we found...there is no way we would even consider staying in this hotel for 1 night.. As this accommodation was booked online we only had the information provided by the hotels website which looking at the site does not provide an accurate description. The website also stated that the rooms had recently been refurbished... I would'nt stay in this hotel even if it was free of charge.,...	
Sep 23 2009	Boston Court Hotel London	This is simply the most horrible hotel i have stayed inIt was very dirty smelly just disgusting. The rodant poisoncontainers on the floor should have told me somthing.Do not stay here at any price.	
Sep 22 2009 	Don't go there !	This hotel, altough well located, is a miserable place to stay.The room was dirty, smelling of chemical toilet, because this is what you get for a toilet, which didn't flush.Very noisy, windows did not fully close so the air and noise entered the room. Forget the included breakfast, is a just to toast with jam that you have to eat in your room... which you don't want to do anyway.	
Aug 22 2009 	Would rather stop at rat-infested Fawlty Towers	Where do I start...We booked to rooms,was advised at time of booking that only one was en-suite,so we were ok with that,but this is what its really like...1 - Rooms are way too small2 - We had to ask for milk for both our rooms3 - In my parents room there was a hole in the wall big enough to put your fist through,the hole was from where the door handle banged against the wall if the door was opened too hard4 - Also in my parents room there were ink stains on the sheets on one of the beds.5 - The ensuite room for my parents had been double booked so they had to make do with sharing the toilet down the stairs6 - In my room it was difficult to shut the sash window and I had to get help from the girl on reception to close it.Out of the possble 30 or so panes of glass in the window,I would say at least 7 or 8 had cracks in them.7 - The knob was missing of the shower,but I later noticed it on the soap diah above eye-level.8 - The shower was a work of art in itself to get the desired temperature.9 - One of the curtains had a few of the hangers come off the rail ,so to make sure it didnt come open I had put the chair against the wall to keep the curtains closed.10- Most of the wallpaper near the ceiling was either coming away or had big air bubbles in it.11 - The TV worked fine....as long as you dont mind foriegn language channels...the english channels weren't in numerical order and the picture was very poor.12 - The was cigarette burns on the sheets on my bed13 - When we went to pay,the receptionist couldnt get the payment card to work in the card reader bcoz it was disconnected from the phone line.The above are all the bad points that I can think of for now.Shame as the staff were helpful and gave us £20 off the bill.However the only good thing I can point out is its location,only a few minutes walk to Marble Arch &amp; Oxford Street...Apart from that...STEER CLEAR OF THIS PLACE	
Jul 13 2009 	HELLHOLE ALERT!!!!Don't even think about it!	Filthy, as my pictures only begin to show. Broken windows. VERY Noisy pub opposite, noise from neighbours, cars zooming, someone vomitting,awful. The bookings company had the cheek to substitute our expected accommodation with this. Completely unsuitable. Shared toilets 2 floors down especially filthy. Had no time to do anything as had planned lots of activities. Myself and my 9 year old daughter there for a special treat! HSD (through asda travel) were the agents/culprits, probably habitual overbookers. NO WAY would I have chosen this. The reviews arent great but it took me a while to find the accurate (dire) ones on here. (why's that then?) Felt filthy after staying 2 nights. They may give the sheets and sink a clean but the floors and walls.. UGH!! Run by a family? Yeah right!! A family of non- English speakers from different continents maybe.	
Jul 4 2009 	I wish I hadn't wasted my money	We stayed at this hotel last night and although I was on a tight budget, I wish I had found a park bench to stay in. The rooms are very small which is bearable as you only sleep in them, but the door to the room didn't even shut properly as it looked as if someone had broken in to it previously. My partner then pointed out that the only fire exit was the front door so if your on the top floor like we were then you have no chance if the fire is anywhere other than in your own room! I then take you to the bathroom, no soap, the bath is cracked, and the window was broken (this was attempted to be hidden by a student poster). The bed was comfy as beds go, however I went to pull the bed covers down and there was blood stains on the other side so I put them back and slept clothed on top. I know I shouldn't complain as it only cost £80 but there is some kind of rule on places not being like this isn't there, hygene for one! The lady seemed nice, however didn't know much English. I wouldn't recommend it	
Apr 28 2009 	You get what you pay for...	One of the cheapest B&amp;Bs in London and in a decent area but the rooms are small, the showers are tiny and the breakfast for us was just toast and jam. I wouldn't go back again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Absolutely discusting	Didn't think you could get a hotel as bad as this in London! Good location, next to marble arch but thats it. Owners cant speak English, main outside door key did not fit the lock(12pm) room tatty with the smallest shower room ever, and to cap it off the owner woke us by banging on the door at 8.00am only to find one egg and one orange juice between three people! DO NOT STAY HERE Oh and did I mention the window was broken, so even though we was on the third floor we coulkd hear people walking down the street at 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 am let alone all the traffic, did not sleep a wink.....nice!	
Feb 23 2009 	Only stay here if you have lost all respect for yourself or have some sort of squalour fetish!	Awful. Filthy, last occupant's rubbish still in room, electrical appliances didn't work. All this for only £30 a night less than a large company chain hotel. You know, one where they actually clean the rooms, and you don't feel the need for a shower just because you sat on the bed.Seriously, if you're that desperate for somewhere to stay, give me a call and you can sleep in my garage, it's cleaner.We didn't stay. Within half an hour of checking in we'd demanded a refund and taken a cab to another hotel in nearby Victoria.	
Feb 19 2009 	Filthy disgusting we were very angry	This was the most disgusting hotel I have ever seen. My friend and I booked a twin room over the internet for £140. When we saw the state of the room, we felt insulted that they attempted to charge this amount and amazed that there is a hotel as dirty as this in a first world country.When we got up to the room, although appearing to have been superficially 'cleaned' (i.e. they had made the beds), there was actually a pile of clothes and some shoes and socks on the floor from the previous inhabitant. When we went down to the desk to ask the manager about this he said, 'Oh sorry, the guy checked out this morning and he told me that he was going to leave them in wardrobe' - as if that makes any difference? We think that perhaps he had a friend/family member living in the room who gets kicked out when someone else hires it.It was dusty and dirty, pretty much the same as how it is described in the other reviews below. It had not even been tidied, there was an empty water bottle and a train ticket on the desk. We also found a pubic hair on one of the pillows. We marched straight back down to the manager and asked for a full refund and went somewhere else. To the manager's credit, he didn't put up much of a fight, he simply asked for my credit card and put the refund through. I think this is probably a regular occurrence.	
Dec 10 2008 	Do not book this Hotel!! Its Horrible	left after one night, should have left earlier. Broken leaking toilet that didnt flush but did leak all over the floor, we had to tie a hair band around it to stop it flooding, sockets hanging out of the wall (in a family room!), kettle covered in milk scum - and when we told them in the morning they said take it or leave it! didnt even go to check the leaking or anything - rude, horrible, don't do it to yourself. Stayed last Friday night - never never never again ever	
Nov 30 2008 	Filthy dump	I booked this hotel through Expedia for $103 per night. It is an awful place, filthy, dirty, and foul smelling. I ended up forfeiting my money, finding another place, and leaving within an hour of check-in. I am very disappointed with Expedia that they list such a dump on their web site. I am even more disappointed by the travel review system on Expedia which gave it a reasonable review. I wish I knew about the TRIPADVISOR.COM web site before this and hence would have saved myself $103 plus all the hassle.I will likely never use Expedia again. I had always assumed that if a hotel is listed by Expedia it must meet a certain minimum of cleanliness and habitability. How wrong I was!	
Jul 17 2008 	Not that bad!!	I stayed at the Boston Court a few weeks ago for vacation and it was pleasant.The people were VERY nice and helpful. The manager was the sweetest man who always had a smile on his face. The room, while small, was clean and comfortable. It served its purpose as a cheap place to rest your head at the end of a long day of sight seeing.It wasn't perfect, but it was in a good location by the Marble Arch tube and hyde park. I would suggest asking for private bathroom facilites in your room as some of the rooms share.I stayed in room 9 and it was fine.If you're a no frills kind of person, who just needs the basics, then you'll be fine. if you think your staying at a 5 star hotel, then you should find another place.It's basic but it works.Had a great time!	
Jun 10 2008 	Be warned	We left after one night in this dump. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to ANYONE, regardless of budget, etc. First of all, the pictures online and the hotel's website are completely misleading. A gross misrepresentation. The front door has paper and stickers all over it. The front desk is disgusting and most of the time it is not attended by anyone. The general condition of the hotel is terrible. The carpets have dark stains all over them. The vinyl wallpaper is peeling and cracked and stained. No exaggeration: Newspaper advertisements for patio furniture were taped over holes in the walls to look like artwork. A picture of a waterfall was hanging next to a picture of the New York City skyline with the twin towers still in it. You step up into the bathroom like a portajohn. The bathroom felt diseased. The toilet's tank cover was cracked and had a corner missing. The light above the sink had HAND-WRITTEN directions in PENCIL for how to operate. There was a small watering can next to the toilet, which my husband informed me was used by certain cultures as a manual bidet. SICK. The only soap available was five or six unwrapped hotel soaps stuck together in a pile on the soap dish. They had all been used. The shower smelled awful. The mattresses were painful to sleep on. The bedding was old and scratchy. The curtains were filthy. The springs in the mattress were broken, and the mattress was up against a wall with splattered stains. The windows didn't close all the way and the bar across the street stayed noisy very late. The fan provided was coated in dust. The refrigerator was rusted and smelly. We called the &quot;front desk&quot; at 6:30 am as we prepared to leave for a day of touring. We wanted to know where the iron was, which was mentioned on their website. The woman who answered, who had clearly been sleeping, said we could use the iron after 8:30. That's when someone would be at the desk. She was still in bed! We said we'd come get the iron ourselves, and she said no. Then we asked for new unused soap, and she said they did not have any. It was deplorable. By far, hands down, the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in, in my entire life. NEVER GO THERE.	
May 5 2008 	Hotel from Hell	Firstly, this is NOT an hotel! I could not believe my eyes when we arrived at the most disgusting place I have ever seen. The carpets were filthy, the paint was peeling everywhere and the rooms were not fit for anyone. I had been looking forward to a weekend away at a reasonable price but that was not to be. I refused to spend 1 night there. When I told the receptionist that we could not stay there she couldn't understand what was wrong with the place. I asked how many stars the hotel had and was informed it was not an hotel, more like a B &amp; B. There was nowhere to have breakfast and you had to have it in your room. We had to carry our suitcases up 3 flights of stairs only to come right down again. We were made to pay for 1 night even though we didn't stay and managed to find a very pleasant hotel round the corner. Owners should not be allowed to rip the public off by misleading advertising. This hotel should be removed from ALL internet sights. My so-called REASONABLE weekend landed up being quite costly.	
Apr 18 2008 	oh my god !!!!!!!!	we checked out after one night in this filthy hole. peeling wallpaper, dirty carpets, bug infested, noisy road, windows that dont close properly on the fourth floor, we had 2 children with us they could have easily fallen to their deaths. they have the audacity to charge £105 a night for the privilge of staying here. i wonder what state it was in before the advertised renovation.	
Dec 30 2007 	Old needs updating our room had bed bugs	Pros: A good location, close to the subway, convenient to stores and restaurants. Cons: This facility was old and run down, old mattresses, bed bugs in the bed although the sheets appeared to be clean. The bathroom was large but the only shelf for toiletries was broken and hanging. No dresser, just a small closet area, no table or chairs.When I went to the front desk to report the bed bugs the management didn't want to refund my money and didn't appear to believe that the bed bugs were in the unit even though we brought three down to the front desk to show them. Finally agreed to refund my money after I explained that I would dispute the charges with my credit card company. Thankfully I didn't pay with cash!	
Nov 18 2007 	The Hotel is the worst hotel ever.	- It was pretty cold outside. And I couldn't close the windows. The windows were approx. 200 years old.- There were no towels just because the service people simply forgot to put them in the room- The breakfast include only tests and some butter just because there were some problems with the eggs&quot;- The receptionist was saying that she knows a lot of other bad thingsshe wouldn't tell	
Oct 1 2007 	DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The pictures for the hotel are incorrect, these pictures must of been from when the hotel got first refurbished! It is NOT newly refurbished......dirty stained carpets throughout, wallpaper peeling off, holes in walls, writing on walls, dirty blinds, windows don't close properly, dirty shower/sink (hairs), shower door was missing a panel, shower head couldn't hook up, foul smell form drain in shower, toilets down two floors from room , thin walls, breakfast very poor, underdone rubber toast, tiny glass of orange juice (ask for some more and they wouldn't give us any), eggs served in a alcohol shot gass and staff that didn't really care. Room 7 is the worst for all of the above, got moved to room 10, thats were we had the window and smell problem. We were so unhappy with the deception of the adverts on the internet, we paid way to much for this place, we got a £30.00 refund, even though i think we should of got it all back, disgusted!! DO NOT STAY THERE !!!!	
Sep 3 2007 	dreadful hotel do not stay here	This hotel is filthy. The wall paper is peeling and pictures from magazines have been stuck on the walls to hide the places where the wall paper has peeled off. The curtains are filthy. The carpet is disgusting. The shower curtain is full of mould. The link to English Heritage is disgraceful. This is the most awful hotel. Do not book here even if you are desperate.	
Mar 16 2007 	Foul Hotel	Arrived at the hotel and the reception is on the first floor and immediately the smell was off putting. the paint work was peeling and would have not been out of place in a damp old house that had not been inhabited for several years. the room was not a bad size but the smell was awfull and the walls where covered in stains of what i would not liked to have guessed what they where. the carpets where old and full of holes and basically the hotel was foul. i didnt even bother to sample the breakfast the next morning as i would not have liked to have seen the kitchen or dining room. i have stayed in hundreds of hotels and i dont mind basic accommodation but the Boston Court has to be the worst hotel of its kind and i would not recommend it for even my worst enemy. If you have booked this hotel cancel it now.	
Jun 28 2006 	Absolutely FILTHY	The place is shabby beyond words. The bedroom was dirty &amp; smelled awful. Net curtains were BLACK with filth and torn. The wallpaper is peeling off. The carpet is heavily stained with god knows what. Shower room &amp; toilet were grubby. The cold water was yellow and smelled so bad I did not clean my teeth. Neither did I have a shower as I felt that I would come out more grubby than before I went in. I did not sleep in the bed but on top of it. The &quot;breakfast&quot; was appaling - toast toasted on one side &amp; &quot;rubbery - paper plate - flimsy plastic knife. I paid £59.00 for the &quot;priviledge&quot; of staying here. I woud have moved but all other hotels were fully booked. How the hell did they get two stars? ABSOLUTLEY DISGUSTING AND DISGUSTED.	
Jun 16 2006	Yikes!	My family stayed here for 2 nights last week; my daughters in one room and my husband &amp; me in another. We were on the 4th floor (no elevator). The person in the room next to ours was smoking and I could smell it through the thin walls. I was nervous that there were no fire escapes &amp; no deadbolt locks on the doors. My daughters' room had no toilet, just a shower and sink (they did not warn us of this when we booked the room). We had to ask for more towels (just one per room). To say the rooms were shabby is an understatement; You could see the coils from the mattress through the sheets, the pillows were wafer thin and our bedspread had cigarette burns in it. The whole place grossed us out!I would definitely NOT stay here ever again!	
Mar 23 2005	Clean but small	London is extremely expensive, so we were looking for budget hotels. This hotel was very clean and well kept. Our room, #12, was very small but the bathroom was good size. If your on a tight budget I would reccomend this hotel, but be prepared for tight quarters.	
Sep 22 2004	Very basic hotel but great location and price	The Boston Court Hotel is quite justifiably a two star hotel. Though clean, it is very shabby and basic. Because it is located in what used to be a residential property, the rooms are not all the same. Room 6 is the best. Room 9 is tolerable, but the rooms on the top floor (10, 11 and 12) have miniscule showers.Be sure to state that you want a room with a shower and toilet, or else you'll be sharing!With the dollar being so low right now, prices in London are horrible. The Boston Court is very reasonable compared to others.The staff (particularly the afternoon desk person) is helpful. Amenaties include: tiny TV, elderly hair dryer and a fridge (very helpful as restaurants can bankrupt you). There is a good supermarket right next door.The location is fabulous, very near Marble Arch. Great underground (that's the train, for those of you who have not yet been to London) and buses. However, be aware that this is smack in the middle of the Arab area of London. If you have issues with this ethnicity, then this is not the place for you.	
Oct 18 2009 	Extremadamente asqueroso		
May 29 2009 	Helt ok!		
Mar 6 2008 	sale et bruyant		
