Nov 19 2009 	I would stay again	For me it was prefect. Great price,very friendly staff and meet new couples from ther countries. It was close to the shops and all kinds of food shops. Very close to the tube which made London easy to get around. When we needed a taxi one call on our behave and top notch it was. Driver was friend and easy to talk to. I would stay again.	
Oct 31 2009	Nice little hotel	A small hotel near the Notting Hill area with only about 25 (?) rooms. We (three adults) stayed there for 5 days. We got the room on the 5th floor and there was no elevator so the trek upstairs with our three luggages was not fun. Location was very convenient - about a 3-5 min walk from Notting Hil Gate Station or the Queensway tube station. Just steps from the hotel is a bus stop, so you are only a bus ride away from places like Oxford Street and Picadilly Circus (take bus 94) and the British Museum (bus 390). It's also within walking distance to Kensington Garden and Portabello Road. Breakfast was provided in the morning but don't expect anything fancy. It was hard boiled eggs, toast with jam/butter, milk, fruit juices, coffee and tea. Breakfast room is really small, and depending on when everybody else gets up, may get a little crowded, so you may have to line up to get into the room. And even if you get sick of their breakfast there are decent places around the Notting Hill Gates tube station (ie. Pret-a-manger, EAT) just down the street.The room was a little small, but at least everything was clean. We were mostly out and about and was mainly looking for a place to crash after a long sightseeing. Staff was friendly and helpful. The street was a dead-end street so there isn't as much traffic as a main street, so it was pretty quiet at night. Our only complaint was there was no remote control in our room on our arrival and it took a while to figure out which remote control worked in our room. Overall we are satisfied with this place and would recommend this to others.	
Sep 23 2009 	never will stay at this hotel again!	Booked a single room. When I arrived, it turned out there is no toilet in this room! The administrator kept telling me, but it has a shower, like it is enough. The single room itself bears no critic. I canceled my reservation and found another hotel nearby.	
Sep 17 2009 	Nice and clean and very good location	Stayed here with 3 family members friday the 11th Sept for 3 nights. Had room 15. Hotel is nice, bedrooms were very clean. You literally are 5mins walk away from Regents and Hyde Park where Kensington Palace is located. Ony a few negatives on the hotel that is that they do not have a safety deposit box in the bedrooms or behind reception for holding your money and passport. The breakfast room is absolutely tiny and its in reception. There is about 5 tables, breakfast runs from 7.30-9.30am.....best advice is to go down around 8.30 as you wont be able to get a seat after this. Didn't spend too much time in the hotel as was out all day. But I would recommend it as its cheap, its not the Ritz but it is good all the same. Also it has no restaurant, so its not really a hotel in that sense. Oh yeah and it has no elavator so its abit of a trek up them stairs.lol	
Aug 13 2009 	Very very nice place	Went there for a 4 days trip with my boy-friend.Really nice, quite hotel, unluckily at the last floor without lift, but it was worth it.Clean, quite, we were lucky: we got a 4 persons room for 2, so the room was big enough... but the guy at the reception said we were lucky as the rooms for 2 are small...The bathroom was completly new, there was a flat TV in the room, a kettle and so.Nothing to say, really nice, some restaurants around, a Tesco at 5 min walk, as far as a metro station.I highly recommend it !!	
Jul 14 2009 	Best place in town! ;-)	Great hotel, Cheap, good service, great location!! YOU WON´T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!! Frederick ( Denmark )	
Jun 27 2009 	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!!!	Rude staff who mess up your booking then call the police when you complain. Don't waste your time or money here	
Jun 22 2009 	Clean  sheap and very good location	Close to the tube and ideal location and is in a quiet area, Lovely room but Bathroom was a little small , reception staff friendly and helpful. It all seemed very good value.	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent value for money	Excellent 4 nights, paid 45 punds per night including brekfest, location is very good, rooms very clean and service good. Breakfest included bread, eggs and cerials, but that was just extra for the price we paid. Recommend to everyone!	
Jun 7 2009 	Nice hotel	This hotel is not too expensive and it is a nice place to stay. Location is perfect. With Notting Hill tube station only 2 min. from the hotel most attractions in London can be reached in 15-20 minutes.The room we got (Room 21 on the top floor) was very small and could just about fit the bed. But as we only needed to sleep there it didn't matter much. The only problem with the room was that there was no lock on the window. It could be opend form the outside and there was access from the roof. We pointet this out a number of times at the reception but they didn't fix it. The hotel can't be recomended for people who has problems with walking on stairs, as most of the rooms requires a lot of stair climbing.Breakfast &quot;buffet&quot; is very basic - bread, butter, jam, muesli and tea or coffe - but there are lots of nice places to eat breakfast nearby.	
Jun 1 2009	Ideal location for London Tourists. Nice cute neighbourhood near Kensington Park	We paid about 45 Pounds per night (late May2009) which included a continental breakfast. The hotel is located at the heart of Notting Hill. Only four minutes to Subway Station Notting Hill Gate, 5 minutes to Kensington Park. There are plenty of restaurants near by. Don't expect too much. It is a cute little hotel in a street like in the movie Notting Hill. It was clean but we had a room downstairs. You can see that the personell is trying to keep this place clean. For people that do a London trip and just need a place to sleep this hotels is perfect.	
May 24 2009 	Decent and affordable accomodation	This hotel had its ups and downs but overall, our stay there was uneventful and I think we had a pretty decent rate and location.I had originally booked a single room for a 5-night stay, but a friend decided to join me in London at the last minute. Upon arrival at the hotel, the receptionist wasn't too pleased about this and wondered how on earth we'd stay in a single room for the first night. He was then very helpful and managed to accomodate us in a double room for the remainder of our stay. The rate he gave us was lower than the double room rate, he said.Upon arriving at the single room (room number 13!), we understood why he was wondering: the room had the size of a walk-in closet, with barely any room to open or store a suitcase, but at least it had a shower (shared bathroom downstairs). And it was quite clean and quiet and with free Wi-Fi Internet. Let's just say it was an interesting first night. The double room (room number 2) had a large bed and private bathroom and was also clean, but a bit noisier, as it was at the front of the hotel. The doors of the rooms would have the tendency to slam and our neighbours often didn't pay attention to this.The front desk clerk wasn't too enthusiastic about the free breakfast when we described it, but once there, it turned out to be tasty and reasonable, although not too filling: toast, cereal, milk, orange juice, coffee or tea and, if you were lucky, hard-boiled eggs.The location of the hotel is good: near the Notting Hill Gate tube station, where it's easy to get around London via the Central, Circle, and District lines. There are a few restaurants in the area, but my friend and I often found ourselves buying bread, cheese, fruit and pasta salads at the nearby Tesco supermarket. We haven't had a chance to see the Portobello Market, but I guess that would be a nice alternative too.The staff were overall polite and helpful. One morning, we were still in the bedroom at around 11 AM when the maid knocked on our door and politely asked if we needed anything, such as a change of towels (instead of rushing us to leave). My friend needed to print his e-ticket for our flight home and the front desk clerk did this for him free of charge.The only really annoying things about this place were: their policy to pay up front for the entire stay, the surcharge of 4% (?) had we decided to pay with a credit card (we ended up paying cash) as well as the dodgy-looking receipt that I got at the end of the stay, and ONLY because I asked for once.Otherwise, it's a pretty decent and affordable accomodation in a city known for its expensive hotels!	
May 20 2009 	Great location basic hotel	Stayed here 11th til 14th of May.Great location 2mins from tube. very basic room. we were in roon 1 and the path outside the hotel was jus above our heads when in bed so was bit noisy but bearable.great price for such a well located hotel.glad we comprimised standard for location.we didnt spend much time in room as were out sightseeing whole time. wouldnt reccommend if planing on bein in room a lot.staff werent that friendly.they werent rude but just werent the friendliest.breakfast was included but didnt have it any of the mornings as got up too late but because price so cheap didnt care.	
Apr 16 2009 	excellent value for money	stayed here with my husband in march found beds and rooms spotless staff very friendly and breakfast was value for the price we paid for our room.close to tube station and pleasant area i felt very safe walking here at nite only down side breakfast room is quite small for the number of guests but all in all excellent value for money	
Mar 7 2009 	Dont have room 6	I just got back from a 3 night stay here,only have a couple of negative points, the positives - the staff were friendly and the room was cheap as chips, clean and in a good location.problems - we had room 6 which is right next to the entrance and also the breakfast room.So basically you get woken up anytime someone comes in and also whenever everyone else is up and having breakfast your up.Also the fact that there was never any space for us in the Breakfast room because it was always full up so we never once had any breakfas at this hotel	
Mar 5 2009 	Easy affordable and comfortable	Myself ( a student) and three friends found this place for cheap and preferred it to the youth hostel.so glad we did. the room was smaller than we imagined and a bit hot but cosy and very comfortable for our 2 nights.We didnt spend much time in the room, returning to sleep and taking full advantage of the complementary breakfast which was adequate. For our uses it was perfect, great transport links, close to restaurants and bars and a great price.Next time we come to london we will definately returning, a great find and a suprising bargain...	
Dec 9 2008 	For the price we paid we loved it!	It was a last minute grab of any hotel since I was running out of time. Thankfully I made the right choice!The rooms were cozy with a touch of class. The place must have been newly refurbished since everything was just clean and in place. I think for the price we paid, we had a good deal. Did not expect anything close to this since the previous hotel we stayed in Paddington wasnt up to mark.Just less than 10 mins walk from Notting Hill tube, u can grab Starbucks on the way and dont even realize you've reach the hotel. The guys manning the front desk were helpful too and accomodated our requests.I'd recommend this hotel anytime to my friends!	
Nov 21 2008 	They shouldn't use this as a bedroom!	The rest of the hotel may be nicer but I can only write from my experience and being put in the front room with light curtains (room permanently looks like its 7am, very confusing when you wake in the night), but worst of all its right next to the heavy click clack door that can only be opened by ringing the bell to attract the receptionists attention. Also when staff arrive early in the morning they stand around and have a nice little inconsiderate chat with each other just outside the room.I think they should find some other use for this particular room. If you get room 6...just leave.	
Oct 27 2008 	ok but don't stay here for too long!	on the plus side, the notting hill gate is reasonably priced, and it's on a residential street where there isn't a lot of noise at night. we chose it because you can quickly travel to paddington for the heathrow express, and quickly get to central london. and you can walk to portobello road, hyde park and a few other places. we arrived well before the check-in time, left our bags, and the staff were happy to get our room ready so we could be let in early.we stayed for 3 nights and it was fine. but there were quite a few things that would have become tiresome on a longer stay. we were on the third floor, and there are no lifts. the hot water ran out a couple of times. but the hardest thing was the room being so tiny - there was nowhere to sit apart from on the bed, and hardly any space to put the bags. even making a cup of tea was tricky because of being so cramped. and the bathroom was impossibly small. you'd have to be really short and skinny to feel comfortable here for more than a couple of days.next time i need a london hotel i will probably hope to find something a little better. but i wouldn't mind coming back here for one or two nights, if i get a good price.	
Nov 22 2009 	Non lo consiglio a nessuno		
Nov 11 2009 	Pulitissimo centralissimo silenziosissimo		
Nov 3 2009 	Stinkendes Rattenloch aber zentral gelegen!		
Oct 21 2009 	attenzione evitatelo		
Oct 19 2009	War ok		
Aug 25 2009 	Ni a mi pero enemigo		
Aug 5 2009 	Sehr Zentral und sehr sehr klein		
Jul 22 2009 	Very small but...very NICE !!!!		
Jun 8 2009 	bon rapport qualté / prix		
Jun 4 2009 	Buena ubicación		
May 24 2009	Ideales Hotel für Kurztrip		
May 12 2009 	Da evitare		
Apr 2 2009 	Du charme... so british !		
Feb 5 2009 	Notting Hill Gate Hotel hatte zwei Seiten!		
Jan 17 2009 	Un hotel da evitare come la peste		
Oct 27 2008 	Notting hill gate hotel		
Oct 6 2008 	Piccolo ma carino		
