Oct 26 2009 	Shaking house and no sleep	Had I known that the hotel was directly above the Underground and that the building shook from 6AM until Midnight, I would not have stayed here. Fortunately, I only had to stay for one night or else I would have gone elsewhere for the remainder of the trip. Additionally, I worked with the front-desk person to secure a 6AM taxi to Gatwick the following morning upon check-in. At around MIDNIGHT (well after I went to bed) I was startled to here knocking at the door from a different front-desk person to confirm the taxi pickup. The room was odorous and tiny. And when our taxi arrived early the next morning the front-desk attendant knocked on our door to let us know, but he also simultaneously came well into the heart of the tiny room while we were finishing getting ready to take away our room key - while we appreciated the notice that our taxi was there, we did not particularly like the unexpected intrusion into the room to grab away our room key. Location and price are about the only thing this hotel has going for them. I will never stay here again and will advise everyone else to avoid as well - I like sleep and privacy when I purchase a night at a hotel room.	
Sep 29 2009 	Ordinary but in a beautiful location	Notting Hill is one of my favourite parts of London but there are better places to stay. I know English hotel bathrooms are small but my husband could barely fit in this one and he's not a huge man. We had an old TV with no remote and no reading lamp or bedside light. It's OK if you just want a place to sleep at night, but it's true about the unwelcoming staff and the Tube rumbling away underneath.	
Aug 28 2009	Someone should steal a star or two from this place...	Aside from the cleanliness of the room and the location I can't really say much more in positive terms..The staff were unfriendly and unwelcoming and looked as though they didn't want us to check in. I disliked the fact that we couldn't check in before 2pm and when we did arrive at 2pm our room was not ready and we had to wait.In additon to this we could hear the underground alot, there were weird noises in our bathroom, the bedroom window didn't close, there were two singles beds pushed together to make a double and the breakfast was very very basic.I also had an issue with our key which seemed to stick in the door.However, the price was good and it was a great location.	
Jul 1 2009 	Stay Away from this Hotel!	My friend and I booked a room for two nights at this hotel in March 2009. We arrived on June 10, 2009 for the beginning of our stay with our confirmation in hand. The manager refused to give us a room!! He said that they had no rooms, but that he would find us a room at anothet hotel. While we waited he registered other people who were also checking in. When we asked why he couldn't give us a room, he said he had no more. He found us a room at the Notting Hill Hotel which was the filthiest, most disgusting place I have ever stayed. When we went back to complain to the Blue Bells Hotel, the manager said there was nothing he could do except lower the price by 5 British pounds. We had to stay in a room where the toilet leaked on to the floor and the bedding was not clean neither was the furniture. Beware, if you book a room at the Blue Bells Hotel (a 3 star hotel), you may end up staying at a no star hotel. It doesn't matter if you have a confirmation or not.	
May 21 2009 	"Nice Place	I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend, and thought it was a pretty nice stay. Nice staff, very helpful. the room was small, but was ok for me. The rooms were clean. My two complaints about this hotel was the two twin beds pushed together to make a full, not a good idea. I kept falling between the beds.Oh yeah the tube runs under the hotel so be ready for a some noise and shaking inthe tunnel. lol I would stay here again and the location was very close to the tube. My long late nights made it easy for me to sleep thru the tube train.	
Apr 20 2009 	We'll be back !	Thank You for once again a pleasent stay in a beautiful part of London. We enjoy the atmosphere and the quite street with beautiful trees and white houses close to the underground. Service minded and always pleasant personell. The rooms we have had in our four visits have high celings and are spacious. The breakfast is simple and the breakfast room a bit small, but I know the hotel is making roomarrangements already. We will be back again for sure.	
Apr 6 2009 	Forgot to mention	Reasonably priced hotel in a nice part of the city. They don't mention that 2 subway lines run under the hotel and shake the whole building from 6am until 12 pm.	
Apr 5 2009 	Better than expected	After reading the latest reviews of this hotel (before we left) me and my mum were a bit uncertain about whether we should find a new hotel or not. Now I'm glad we decided to give this hotel a try! It wasn't at all as bad as many people made it sound! We asked for a room on a lower floor because of my mum's back problems, even though we've read that the Underground was &quot;unbarable&quot; lower down. We got a twin room on the first floor. We didn't mind about the Underground, sure, it made some noise but on the evenings the trains didn't go very often. The room was quite small but ok, I mean, you don't go to London to sit at the hotel all the time. We had a window with a view of a brick wall, again, we didn't mind. At least there was a window! The bathroom was clean and modern and we also had a bathtub. The thing is - we couldn't use the tub because we could only get water from the shower thing and while filling the tub from the shower the water almost got cold. There was a rather large color tv in the room, hairdryer, telephone and coffee- and tea making facilities.The room was overall a bit worn out but the beds were comfortable. It was very hot in the room, we tried to turn down the heat but it didn't work so we kept the window open which was a bit of a challenge but the room got cooler. There was also free wireless internet access that I could use in the room and not only in the common areas.All of the staff was nice and friendly. One thing was a bit odd - when you left the room you had to leave the key at the reception and then get in when you came back. They said it was for safety reasons. The hotel had a luggage room where you could leave your luggage before checking in and after checking out which was very good so you didn't have to carry it all around! Breakfast was totally ok, toast with different sorts of jam, cereal, milk, juice, tea and coffee. There could've been some cheese too, but other from that it was good. Location of this hotel is excellent - just a couple of minutes walk from Notting Hill Gate, shops, food, parks and of course Portobello Road. And it is beautifully located just near Pembridge Square.	
Apr 4 2009 	DO NOT GO HERE! You can't be sure to get a room even though you booked	I booked a room at the Hotel Blue Bells over the Internet. When I and my family arrived at the Hotel Blue Bells at 8 in the evening, we were told, that due to rebuilding, there was no room for us, and that we would be transferred to another hotel with the same owners in another part of town. Having a very tired 4 year old with us, we decided - after having argued with the receptionist for a while, to go to the other hotel - Chelsea House Hotel. We had deliberatly booked at Hotel Blue Bells because of the excellent location, so it was quite a dissapointment to be taken to a whole different area of town, that didn't at all live up to our expectations. Our room at Chelsea House Hotel had one naked lightbulb in the ceiling, it was dirty and there was rat poison in the bath room (no kidding). We spend one night and got out as fast as we could the next morning! So AVOID both Hotel Blue Bells and Chelsea House Hotel. The service is horrible, the standard is horrible and it is not at all what it looks like on the internet!	
Apr 2 2009 	Great value for the money	After reading some of the reviews for this hotel, we almost cancelled our reservation. But then we realized that most of the reviews on the other hotels we were looking at were also negative so it seems that people are quick to complain, but do not always take the time to compliment. So here is a different opinion of Blue Bells: We stayed for 6 nights, and we had a room on the top floor. There is no elevator, so getting the bags upstairs was a bit of a struggle, but lack of an elevator is common in European hotels in this category, so that was not an unexpected problem. The room was large with 2 twin beds and a television. Both the room and the modern bathroom were very clean and the towels provided were as large as beach towels, much better than you find at budget hotels in the US. There is a hairdryer in the bathroom, so no need to bring one from home. There was also a refrigerator in the room, and the staff was more than accommodating in providing glasses for us take to our room so we could enjoy cold drinks. There was an electric pot for heating water, which was helpful when my companion caught a cold and needed to take medicine dissolved in hot water. All in all, the room was very comfortable and perfect for our needs. You do hear the Underground from time to time (even on the top floor) but it does not run all night, so it did not bother us. I can imagine if you were on a lower floor you might have more of a problem with that. Surprisingly, the walls are not soundproof, so we could hear quite a bit of noise from our neighbors. But that is not the fault of the hotel, that is the fault with people not being considerate of others around them and being too loud late at night. But again, it was not that much of a problem. About the only complaint that I would have about the room was that there was not good lighting by the beds. The only light in the room was the main overhead light. It would have been nice to have a light by the bedside. The breakfast was simple but satisfying (toast, cereal, orange juice, tea/coffee). If you are looking for more than that, you would have to go out. But it was typical of a continental breakfast in many hotels and the service was always prompt and friendly. The staff at the hotel was helpful and accommodating. There is a computer for guests to use in the breakfast room, so we were able to check online for tours and activities. That was a big surprise as most hotels in this category don't have internet access for their guests. All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to go back. We definitely got our money's worth. At the rate we paid, we were not expecting a deluxe hotel, and it is certainly not in that category, but for a moderate hotel, it was great. The staff did admit that some of their rooms are not as nice as others, so you would want to be sure to request a room on the upper floors. It was worth climbing the stairs to get to a better room. Oh, and they do have a room for storing luggage if you arrive early or leave late. That was a big plus when we arrived as we could just drop off our suitcases and get started seeing the sights!	
Apr 2 2009 	dont judge a place by its cover it ant what you think inisde	I went here 21-25march 09, my double room was not like the pics in web page, the room was dirty, had rat traps under the bed, which was two single beds pushed together, kept coming apart all night, all the room was outdated, no lamps or nice bed linen. towels or bed sheets were never changed in 4 days. Curtians were rotten, window in room was broken. room was very hot, only good point about this place, i seen the reviews before going here, but thought il give it ago, cant be that bad, well im sorry i did now. believe me im not hrad to please for accomadation, but this was totally a mess, the people there didnt care about the guest either, I went there see it, and never again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Location is everything!	Pembridge Square is lovely with easy acess to everything from Portobello Market to morning jogs in Kensington Gardens. Beds were comfortable, modern bathroom in each room, not spotless, but clean. Staff was gracious and helpful. The tube does run directly under the hotel, so if you are a light sleeper bring earplugs, and the stairs are a workout, but so is most of London. Overall a great deal for the price!	
Mar 21 2009 	It really is bad	I gave this b&amp;b a good chance, staying here three times over the past 5 years, for five or six nights each time. The last two visits they didn't have my room available and I had to stay in a teensy single and then move. Both times I requested a specific room, which was confirmed...but not really apparently. Beds are terrible, decor is ugly, and the &quot;breakfast&quot; truly sux.They have a new &quot;manager&quot; who I would characterize as surly and unhelpful, more interested in his computer. NEVER AGAIN.	
Mar 12 2009 	Don't go here!!!!!!!!!!!	This is the worst hotel I have EVER been to!!! We got in late at night, tired and just wanted a bed to sleep in. We got the key and dragged the suitcases up the many, many stairs to our designated room. We got 1 double bed and two singles, looking (even though it was dark and we were very tired) flat out dirty! The next day we could actually see all the dirt (linens, windows, floor, bathroom...) and wanted to find another hotel. After searching nearby hotels, we found that they were fully booked and togheter with the other couple we were travelling with, that we would stick out one more night, as we weren't spending much time in the room. Our friends didn't have water in their shower saturday morning, so they had to use our shower. They didn't even have a key for their door and had to get the clerk open and closing the door when they were going in or out. That was until we actually found out that the key me and my boyfriend got, was actually the master key and could be used for their door as well. Splendid!!! Gosh....On sunday morning when we were checking out, we tried to complain, only to be met with an argument we certaintly didn't expect; &quot;Bad room, you say?? If you think your room was bad, you should go up to room number 6 and take a look, because THAT room is really bad.&quot;Enough said.......	
Mar 7 2009 	Never again	We were so disappointed with this hotel - and could have saved us so much time and trouble making our choice in the end. No 3 stars should be attributed to them (though perhaps there are actually one or two rooms which look something akin to those presented on websites) - our room was a hovel. Tiny beyond description, dirty sheets and mattresses, the walls in a state, the bathroom pretty disgusting.The area itself, it is in Notting Hill is quite lovely and the building that houses the hotel as well, but our stay was nothing but awful - from the check-in to the room to breakfast (hardly any space, no choice at all - and we really are not picky - we quickly opted to eat out). You can have so much better on a budget - at the very least cleanliness.	
Jan 23 2009 	clean large rooms helful staff	My priority was claenness and I am totally satisfied.Rooms are large and furniture not that new, but hygiene is ok.The nearest subway station is Notting Hill Gate, 150 mt, an easy walk of 2 minutes or less. Plus area is safe at night also for women, and there is night bus service too.Staff is Indian and very helpful and nice.Now a few negative notes: subway runs under this area so hotel shackes a bit.Some rooms overlook the main square but some others face the wall of another building.Only 1 hand shop/guest no other courtesy set (body shop, shampoo, etc.). Perhaps if you ask they get you, but I did not.Price is very convenient, I would recommend this place, and shall stay there again.	
Nov 29 2008 	Quick Visit to London	My wife and I stayed for three nights. Staff helpful and polite. Room was basic but clean. No problems during our stay. Value for the money we paid.Ideal location, would stay again	
Nov 23 2008 	Alright for the money!	Stayed at Blue Bells with my two friends for two nights last week and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. We had a nice welcome from the staff but it soon became evident when we were standing at the welcome desk that the noise (and vibrations) of the underground was going to be a major problem if we were staying in the basement (or even at ground level) Luckily we were given a room on the top floor. There wasn't a lift but it wasn't too much of a problem with us as we only had small bags. The room wasn't greatly decorated, probably could do with a lick of paint and a new carpet but its was clean and the bathroom looked relatively new. The shower wasn't great but worked enough to give the three of us showers on each of the days. The staff were helpful enough when we asked questions about the surrounding areas and taxis. And as for the underground we barely heard it. Overall I think I would definately stay at this hotel again (although be sure to get a 2nd or 3rd floor room) For the price (especially in London) I think we got quite a good deal.	
Nov 5 2008	Ideal location	Great hotel with fantastic location.Our family has just returned from 10 days at the Holiday Inn staying in a Family Suite. Couldn't fault the hotel. Staff were lovely, helpful and always smiling. The Family Suites were just great and ideal way of having your own space. I will go back for sure.	
Nov 5 2008 	not bed	stayed there for 3 nights. the service was nice, the room was clear and the hotel was alt. the people working there were helpful to give some hints for singhtseein. it was very good ! breakfast was good too !	
Oct 28 2008 	DISHONEST PLACE	I bought two tickets for the champions league match CHELSEA-ROMA. The match took place on Wednesday the 22nd on October in London and it was agreed with the tickets provider that the delivery was going to be to the hotel where I was staying for the night. I sent to the hotel 3 emails informing them that I was going to receive a personal envelope before my arrival and asking to keep the envelope safe.I did not receive any answer to these emails. Then I contacted by phone the hotel on Sunday the 19th and the guy in the reception confirmed that he received the envelope.I arrived at the hotel around 2 o’clock in the afternoon and the same guy at the reception whom I spoke to at the phone on Sunday told me that he did not receive any envelope for me; he suggested contacting the ticket company in order to verify the delivery. I contacted then ticket company provider and they confirmed that they sent the ticket and they had the signature of the guy who received on hand the envelope. I asked them to send by email this document .The guy in the reception recognise his signature and confirmed that ‘’now’’ he remembered about this envelope and that my name sounded ‘’now’’ familiar!!!He told me then that he lost the envelope. I spoke with the hotel manager but with not success as well.The name of the guy, who named himself as Assistant manager(MACOJ is the name), was rude, not professional, dishonest and totally disorganized.Talking about the room, it was very small and basic,the shower was not working, quite dirty and noisy place. My sincere recommendation is to DO NOT STAY in this hotel. IT WAS TERRIBLE and the stuff is a joke.	
Oct 27 2008 	Just walk away	The person at the counter could not find the reservation that I made 2 weeks ago and took us to a terrible room which lacked a key (as we were explained) so we had to go downstairs and wait until he comes to lock it and keep the key when we leave the room and the same way as we come back. I just decided that we are not staying there, but to check out it took us 15 minutes of arguments with the staff and we were made to pay one night stay anyway. A terrible place to stay.	
Jul 29 2008 	worth of money	Very good location , the employees are friendly and nice , good relation cost benefit. I realy recommend Bluebells hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	Bare basic hotel	I arrived after a long flight from Dubai, in desperate need of a shower and very weary. I checked in to be given my room key and vague directions to my room. My room ended up being up 6 flights of stairs, there wasn't a lift and I wasn't given any assistance carrying my luggage up the stairs. Luckily i'm a fairly fit young female. I would not recommend this for anyone who has trouble with stairs or is slightly unfit in any way! The room was tiny and very musty though it was very clean. It was ok for a first day of arrival where you only needed a shower and sleep but would not recommend it for an extended stay. The staff were friendly but not very helpful. The breakfast started later than the time they told me. Overall, if it's just a room you are after, it's fine as it was clean.	
Jul 18 2008 	love it	I enjoyed stayig at hotel blue bells. I loved room quality, free wi-fi,location,distance of subway from hotel.Everything is cool.I am gonna go again for sure.	
Jul 9 2008	terrible...	Not a good place to stay. It looks nice from the outside but the facade fools you. I stay in a lot of hotels in London because I end up having to work late on projects and I live in Coventry which is based in the midlands. Its just easier.There 'are' some good cheapish hotels in London but this is not one of them.I arrived at 1.30am to be greeted by a chap who was in a t-shirt and boxer shorts and sleeping in the reception area. I told him I had a booking , he gave me the keys to my room (13 !) and said I should fill the paper work out in the morning - first bad move - thats breaking the law.The room itself wasn't too bad - it was only in the morning I was to find bite marks from fleas... :-( The ensuite was suffice but the shower doors were literally hanging off.In the morning after realising I had been bitten I was in no mood for what was to come.I filled out the form I was supposed to fill out on arrival and the same chap who I saw when I checked in (!) wanted me to fill out the origin part (you know passport , ethnic background) I don't fill these out as I find them racist. He got rather upset. and made me feel quite bad. It certainly is NOT law to fill these parts out.Then I went for Breakfast. A room off the main hallway which looks presentable enough was being staffed by two people who looked like they could NOT care less. I asked if I was to sit somewhere - anywhere I was told. No places were set. It is self serve which is not too bad but I had to scrounge a cup and saucer from another table and there were no place settings. I was asked if I wanted toast - to which I got no knife and was just told 'Help yourself' as the waitress pointed to other tables that had some spare.To be honest I know what this hotel needs - it needs a little bit of TLC, some new managment who instill correct procedures and a little bit of investment. Its not far off from being ok but you can bet after this experience I will NOT being going back there. My suggestion are the hotels on Gower Street near Bloomsbury - closer to the hear of london and on the whole better than this dump.	
May 3 2008 	London's own Amityville Horror	Ok so this place was horrendous....As a smoker at the time I found myself gasping for fresh air when shown to our room. There was cigarette ash all over the floor and imbedded into the carpet and curtains. Once we complained we were moved to another room. We're upon moving the bed I discovered a half eaten chicken drumstick on the floor. Looked like it had been eroding for weeks.My sister who stayed in a room on another level jumped into bed the first night only to be greeted by a used condom wrapper....ewwww..Finally slipped into bed and had the worst night sleep of my life as I was sleeping directly ON TOP OF the tube line....The hotel itself was run by a small army of Indians who's english was pretty limited and just seemed to smile whenever I had a concern or question. Oh yeah and they sleep in reception on the floor just so you know. Finally they are always talking on their mobile phones.....To be honest I'd give you very very strong advice to avoid this place. It is a tourist trap and since then I have stayed at many other hotels offering a far superior service for a fraction more.In a nutshell....service was crap, rooms were appalling, any sort of service was non existent but the location was ok.My wife and I have re-named it Blue hell hotel....book at your own peril....	
Jan 29 2008	Don't do it	Even for a modest B+B this place is a dump, with an oversized bed in an undersized room; peeling paint; shelves about to fall off the wall; a toilet seat that should have been retired a decade ago; a contnental breakfest that would leave most Continentals wondering where breakfast was. Further no safe for valuables - reception had trouble with that concept. The only bright spots were somewhat unreliable and free Wifi and a 5 minute walk to Notting Hill Gate tube station. If you are thinking about this as a place to stay in Londdon - lower your expectations. Having lived in this city and visited for 25 years this was a disappointment and I will not return.Sincerely,Al Troner	
Jan 25 2008 	Well...in hindsight it could have been worse.	We stayed at the Blue Bells on two seperate occassions, the first for 4 nights, and the second for two. We went to Venice in between our two stays at the Blue Bells. Anyway, this was where we stayed for our honeymoon. The location is a 5-minute walk from the Notting Hill Gate Underground station. The first set of nights, we were put in a tiny room, (#32) which I expected without a refridgerator, like I had requested, and we were on the 3rd floor. The bathroom, while slightly grimy, was okay and even bigger than I expected. The bedding was clean, as were the towels, which were quite large. The tv worked and we felt we had enough room for our luggage(2 large suitcases, 2 carry-ons), we just had to be creative about it. The water was generally hot.The things that went wrong were as follows:Broken hairdryer - I was given one that did work, however, the phone doesn't call to the desk, so down the stairs I went.No heat - we did have two space heaters, one was broken.Outlets - one did not work, and the other one blew my adapter up.Water pressure - If you got in early enough, no problem. Sometimes we were lucky enough to get no pressure for about 5 minutes.The one phone to call out on in the lobby - did not work, supposly was to be repaired. Our second stay there, we were given a much bigger room (#22), with a smaller bathroom, but with a refridgerator. However, the beds were two twin sized ones, but we were able to push them together. The hair dryer and heat worked in this one, plus we even got a table, and more outlets. Wireless internet even worked on occasion in this room.What went wrong:The toilet seat was wooden...gross.The shower...my poor husband got a really cold shower with little to no water pressure on one occassion.The lamps - they could really use some lamp shades.Carpet - little bit dirtier than the first time.The one phone to call out on in the lobby - STILL did not work, supposly was to be repaired. Overall, the staff was mainily all foreign and generally not very knowledge of London sites and the hour of operations for many places. Wireless internet was free in the breakfast area.Breakfast was ho-hum. Cereal, coffee, tea, warm orange juice (which that's pretty much how it is in Europe), toast and jam. Nothing exciting there, but it was nice to grab something to eat and the lap-top and plan out the day.You basically get what you pay for, and in all honesty, we weren't traveling to stay in a hotel. We were hardly there, so it worked out okay for us. I wouldn't ever stay there again though.	
Dec 27 2007 	Grotty noisy and insecure	Bed in twin room let as a single was comfortable and sheets and towels clean - which was just as well as they were not changed during my ten day stay. General air of grime and tattyness associated with all furniture fittings carpet and curtains. Bathroom a delight -floor tiles peeling away loose grit underneath. Toilet seat wooden, originally painted but now peeling. Some mention on this site of tube train noise - this is regular and soothing compared with the sounds of the plumbing. At least I hope it was the plumbing... Not allowed to keep key, but must return to desk. Desk is often unattended with permanent notice informing staff will be back in ?10 mins.	
Nov 7 2007 	GREAT LOCATION	The hotel was in a great location, very central to all the major attractions. The stories about how small some London rooms were is true of Blue bells. The only way to open the suitcase was to put it on the bed. The shower was blocked which meant it was impossible to wash ones hair without flooding the bathroom.While the staff were good, breakfast was supposed to have been served from 7am. The breakfast room however did not open until 7:30 on both mornings, so don't expect to get and early start.We found it clean enough, great location and price, however, would probably try somewhere else next time.	
Oct 19 2007 	You can smell the dirt when you walk in.....	Booked to stay here for 3 nights - would not stay here for 3 minutes! A reception desk no more than a grubby counter with a Manager behind the desk, who handed over his Master Key and told us to go up to our room and he would get the key back later! We could have robbed any room we liked!Soiled linen spilling out of cupboard all over the first landing.Rooms with walls so filthy they looked as if they had been rubbed with black coal dust - carpets you could not stand barefoot on for fear of what you would pick up. Curtains with brown dampness stains up them, hanging with dirt. But the worst was the filthy bed covered up with crisp white sheets - what was underneath those sheets was a nightmare. The mattress contained severe urine stains throughout - over and over again - and other brown stains which shall remain nameless! You would get better accommodation in a hovel.We booked this hotel because &quot;recently renovated and redecorated throughout&quot; according to the website! Never in a million years has this seen a lick of paint in 20 years. And the Manager could not have cared less when we complained. We walked out!	
Oct 18 2007 	Hotel from Hell	Booked to stay at this Hotel 13th October 2007.All the websites rate this as a 2 or 3 star hotel. Do not go near the place. Un inhabitable , dirty smelly place. On turning back the bed sheets the matress was stained with urine and &quot; other brown stains&quot; .We complained to the manager who offered us asnother room which was just as filthy.We turned and walked out with nowhere to stay on a Saturday night, but sleeping in the Blue Bells was not an option.Stay well clear.	
Oct 4 2007 	Oh my gosh!!!!	Imagine the worst hotel you have ever stopped in....... this is 100 times worse!We arrived just as a tube train passed below. I think I can still feel the vibrations now. I know, that's not the hotels fault but it didn't help. Our room, was on the top floor, large in size with an infestation of flies, the wall paper was peeling off, there was damp on the ceiling and walls and a very peculiar smell, which to this day I have not been able to identify! There was also a mismatch of furniture scattered around the room.You could not put anything in the wardrobe as the bed and bedside cabinet was blocking it off.The bathroom on the otherhand seemed to have recently been renovated and was actually quite nice.Breakfast was included, so when we went down in the morning we found there to be no juice, no cereal, no milk, no tea or coffee and no space to sit. There appeared to be seating for about 10, people were scattered all over the floor! We did not stop, there was a handy Starbucks round the corner!! The hotel building itself is beautiful, On a lovely square of similar type buildings, all it needs is a bit of cash and care spent on it and it could be lovely.	
Aug 30 2007 	Limit your expectation so not to be disappointed	There are only two reasons to stay at the Blue Bell Hotel in Paddington/ Kenningston area. They are price and location. If you are expecting anything more, stay elsewhere! The hotel is very basic having been converted from a large private residence. It is relatively clean and functional. Sufficient for sleeping, bathing and marginal continental breakfast. We arrived at 4:00 pm and our room was not : &quot;ready Yet&quot;. We left our luggage which we had been told would be placed in our room. We left until 9:00 pm and our luggage was still in the office. So, I retrieved luggage and brought it to our room myself. Beware of the bathroom tub, There is no hand rail and the bathtub is slippery. My wife fell hard in tub. Thank God she did not break a leg. The splash guard on side of tub is not designed to be hand guard and gave way on her way down. Also, ventilation in bathroom is limited to small window out to breezeway.The tubes run underground. Every 15 minutes, sounds like a roller coaster runs in basement. This keeps up until 11:00 pm and starts again about 6:00 AM. Ear plugs made this manageable.The continental breakfast is very marginal . I was not expecting much and I was correct to do so. I had a much better included contentient breakfast elsewhere in London. The room where breakfast was held was tiny and too small for the number of travelers who filed in waiting for breakfast. The 2 ladies who worked there were alway very busy but little seemed to get done. I think this was their extra job before going elsewhere for their day job. Orange juice was served warm. Toast is your best bet although toaster was semi broken and only produced 3 slices at a time. I seemed uncomfortable asking for 8 slices for my family of 4. This was not adequate as 20 people filled the room and some were waiting in the television area waiting to get one of the too few seats... you get the idea.There is a free internet in the breakfast room. It is only 8 minutes brisk walk to tubes. Staff were helpful in calling taxi. Do remember ear plugs, beware of the bathroom as you might slip without tub handrail. I found Days Inn Westminster to be more modernized with better breakfast, but pricier. Blue bells is adequate for short stay near everything, not pricey, not luxurious, not for the traveler who expects anything above bare basics.	
Aug 19 2007 	better than expected	My boyfriend and I spent 2 nights in summer 2007, 1 night in the twin bedroom and 1 night in the double bedroom. Before checking into this hotel, we had read a range of reviews. Hence, we had insisted on a room above ground level to avoid rumbling from the train line. True to expectations, the twin bedroom was claustrophobic, nondescript, with the bare essentials but clean. The double bedroom was airy, included a minifridge which was handy, and a very pleasantly clean bathroom. The rumbling can be largely ignored. At such a price, its location and pleasant surroundings, and for anyone who plans to spend little time in the room, this hotel is definitely worth recommending.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great Hotel for the money	My boyfriend and I stayed in the hotel for a 3 night stay in London. We were looking for the best buy for the money and this place was it. Our room was very clean and there was a brand new bathroom as well. It was 62 pounds a night which comes to about $125 which is such a steal for London, especially Notting Hill. The hotel was about a 5 minute walk to the train and many restaurants and pubs. We had a great experience here.	
Jun 25 2007 	Clean and friendly	Okay, so the decor is not too good, but the rooms are clean, the location is good for accessing the West End. I got a good price (£50/pn) which is good for the area. I also had a fridge in the room. The only bad point was that the whole hotel was absolutely roasting hot, even with the windows open.. however, if you don't mindwalking around your room in the buff and sleeping ontop of the sheets, this shouldn't be too much of a problem. Breakfast is basically coffee, toast and cereals	
May 25 2007 	Refurbished? Dont believe it!	If you are booking via the hotel website dont believe everything you see or read. It says newly refurbished...maybe 15 years ago.The rooms are shabby, and the property is directly over the tube line making for a very noisy stay. If you have to stay there go to the top floor! My room had swathes of polyfilla on the walls to fill the cracks; and when upstairs flushed their loo you could hear the contents descending through the wall next to the bed.As for staff, rude and surly and so lazy. Breakfast never on time and just couldnt be bothered.There are better places to stay in London!	
May 21 2007	Great Staff	Our stay there was nice nothing too fancy but the staff is friendly and our stay was nice and very convenient to the metro. I accidentally left behind a very nice purse there and was afraid when I called I would not be able to get it back. But they called me back the next day saying they found it and I was so pleased! Like I said very nice staff!	
Mar 26 2007 	An "S" missing really a Hostel.	Booked through Londonrooms.biz. We arrived to find the hotel more of a hostel, as atleast 30 students were there. The rumble we heard occasionally was the tube! Our room was not ready at 5:30 pm. After waiting an hour, we saw our room which was nothing like the description. Heat for room was turned on from 7 pm to 6 am only. Bathroom was mildewy. We refused to stay and demanded that no charge be credited, which they agreed to. I will check my AMEX to be sure. There are better hostels in the area.	
Dec 11 2006 	Very dodgy but great location	If – and it’s a big if -- you can ignore the rumble from the underground, the dodgy security, the stiflingly overheated rooms and the seriously half-arsed housekeeping, this is a handy place to stay – close to three tube stations, good pubs, restaurants and shopping. Heating: Though our first floor room window was right above the rooftop of another building (and without a lock) we were forced to sleep with the window wide open in December because the heating was set so high.Security: When I asked to see a room, the guy on reception gave me the master key to every room, stayed at his desk, and left me to it. Luckily for other guests I’m honest, but this astonishingly lax attitude worried us for the remainder of our stay.Housekeeping: In a word, woeful. Maid (the owner’ wife?) arrived to clean our room at an inconvenient time -- there was no ‘no not disturb’ option -- and we asked her to come back in ten minutes. She didn’t come back at all. Next day, bed was roughly pulled up, not made, bathroom was not cleaned and cups and glasses were left dirty.All day, every day, dirty linen was piled up on the first floor landing.The underground: Yes, the room rumbles every couple of minutes, but we got used to it. Conclusion: This is a reasonably priced hotel in an insanely expensive city. It’s got a LOT of problems, but if you don’t spent a lot of time in your room, there are worse places to put your head down.	
Dec 8 2006	BE WARNED	I arranged a Christmas shopping trip to London with 3 friends and booked this hotel well in advance-I even contacted them. by phone, 2 days before arrival to reconfirm the booking. After our flight,train and tube journey, we arrived at the hotel to be told, by a smiling receptionist, that our room had been double booked and he had no other rooms available for us.He informed us that he had arranged another hotel for us and that he would pay for the taxi there. When we arrived at the other &quot;hotel&quot;, we were in a state of both shock and disgust-it was uninhabitable, an absolute sesspit!! We then had to get another taxi and try and find somewhere else to stay, whiich we eventually did at 4.30pm. SO, BE WARNED, DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE RELYING ON YOUR ACCOMODATION!!!	
Nov 26 2006 	Basic no frills accomodation for central city....	The Bluebell is a perfect example of the old adage...you get what you pay for.... it is in a great location and very reasonably priced, if you are looking for some luxury on 59 GBPs a night in central London then don't come here. However, if you don't intend to be be lolling around in your room all day and just looking for a place to lay your weary body for the night....then why not?Yes it is above the tube....I was on the first floor and have been more disturbed at night by heavy traffic than I was by the rumble of a tube.Cleaniness is not a high priority in this hotel.....the sight of a mouse trap inside the room was off putting and decided I would forgo the breakfast. The bathroom was pretty horrible...tiny, dirty, flies coming out of the plug hole and over flow etc. We were pretty pleased to be drunk at the end of each evening.The staff were friendly enough.But still....at 59 pounds a night it is a good deal....would we stay there again? no...probably not.	
Oct 12 2006 	Rubbish!	'Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in'I sent my boss here last night after looking at the website and being quite impressed by the pictures. It is very hard to find a hotel at late notice in London therefore I was hoping that this The Bluebell would be a good one so that I could send more business their way. To my great shock and dissapointment he came to work this morning very tired having had only four hours sleep. Why was this? Because it has train tracks running above it and it is old and smelly with bad service. A true sign of the mixed reviews that you can get sometimes. I don't know how anyone could have enjoyed hearing trains pass every 2minutes.NEVER AGAIN	
Aug 19 2006	Blue Bells or Bad B	We stayed at the Blue Bells in Notting Hill In July for 2 nights. What an awful place to stay. Not only were the hosts inhospitable, but when I requested that we get a room on the ground floor to avoid lugging our heavy suitcases up the flights of stairs, they shuffled us into a back bedroom that wasnt fit for a homeless person. The room was awful. Paint peeling off of the walls, curtains falling down, unworking appliances, furniture in a major state of disrepair... definatley not a quality Bed and Breakfast. When I inquired if the room was quiet, he said that we may hear some sounds through an emergency exit door that led straight into the kitchen area.... he failed to mention the SUBWAY that shook the floor every 15 minutes, and the fact that we could hear music and chatter through the door from the residents that live there and hang out in the living room. Of course, there was no offer to switch rooms, as there were 'no other rooms available'.For breakfast, we were very disappointed by the offerings of muslix cereal and toast. There was juice and coffee and tea provided. When I expressed my concerns, the host was less than concerned about our room, and said that the downstairs rooms were worse than the main floor, and that all b&amp;b's have the same breakfast in London..... They said that all room rates were reduced due to 'renovations'..... I saw no renovations, just a poor establishment. We will never go back. We will never recommend this place to anyone. Good luck to you if you wish to risk it.	
Jun 27 2006	Great Hotel Excellent Location	My family of 4 (including two college students) stayed at the Blue Bells Hotel in late June, 2006 for 8 days in a quad room. This was our first trip abroad so we came with no expectations and we were very pleased with the hotel. You can't beat the location or the quiet street. Round the corner from the Tube and bus stops on Bayswater Road, many restaurants and restaurant chains nearby. Also, 2 movie theatres down the street. One morning we slept in until 9 a.m. because it was so quiet outside even with the window open. We couldn't hear anyone else in the hotel unless we went downstairs to breakfast. The rumble of the Tube was not a problem for us. Our room was upstairs about 3 levels in the front of the hotel.The room was equipped with a fan which helped circulate air and the bathroom was fine, small but adequate. Large towels which are a big deal for us. Water pressure good in the bathtub/shower combo. The beds were comfortable (no bed bugs!), the staff friendly and always helpful with an additional towel. They also booked our taxi back to Heathrow and it was on time and at a booked rate. Two nice things about the hotel: It has a computer for guest use in the family dining area which was accessible day/night. Also, the continental breakfast was very nice. Tea, coffee, toast, cereals, juice, fruit, etc. Since the price of food is so high in London having g an early breakfast was good.The hotel has a homey feel, seems to cater to families. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 7 2006	Nice place to stay	My family of five stayed here in Apr. and found it comfortable and clean. The staff was okay, not overly friendly. I'm writing this review, however, because I feel they need a fair reply to the &quot;bed bug&quot; posting. I freaked out about the &quot;bed bugs&quot; report on this site and called the hotel directly since I really didn't want to deal with that when we got there. I never got to speak with the manager but the staff assured me they didn't have a problem. Once there, I searched but thankfully found no bugs! Our room was in the basement and, yes, the subway runs directly under but we really didn't find it that horrible and didn't bother us since we were only in the room late at night. The room was very nicely appointed and the bathroom was one of the best we had throughout our 11 day stay in England. The location is great and so pretty. My family liked the hotel and we would stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	Top class location 	Top class location &amp; very good service at a reasonable price. Nice &amp; Clean hotel with friendly &amp; attentive staff. Quite &amp; central location of Notting Hill Gate near to the unserground.	
Feb 14 2006	bed bugs	4 of us stayed in a quad room. One of the beds was infested with bed bugs. It was discusting. Once we told the staff, they put us in a new room (but i could not sleep for fear there may be more). They said they were aware of them and tried to take care of them on their own. They said they would contact a proper exterminator. I hope they did. They were very helpful and apologetic.	
Feb 24 2005	Alright because clean and reasonably priced	I stayed in Number Fourteen Hotel with my husband in December and enjoyed it on the whole. I wish we had been given a room on the upper floor and not on the ground floor because ours was noisy. First, it was next to the breakfast room, second we could ear the trains rumbling most of the night.But the staff was friendly and and the bedroom was large enough, and very clean, with a nice newly furbished bathroom, a fridge and enough room for storage. The twin beds were new and comfortable. It is a good hotel if you are on a budget and we will probably stay there again in spite of the train traffic and the basic continental breakfast.	
Dec 7 2004	the best and the worst	My husband and I spent three nights at Number Fourteen Hotel between 3-6 December.GOOD POINTS : We like the area very much. It is a 10-minute walk to Portobello Market, to Hyde Park or to the shops, and restaurants. There are two pubs round the corner. There are three underground lines connecting at Notting Hill station. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. Our bedroom was nice and clean, and well-equipped, there were a fridge and a hair-dryer but it was next to the breakfast room.The breakfast room is very nicely decorated as it was renovated recently. There is no cooked breakfast but toast, cereals, juice and canned fruit. BAD POINTS : The hotel is not quiet because of the trains running under the hotel.There is no restaurant and we did not expect to find guests celebrating a birthday party in the breakfast room at 9:00 pm when we got back to the hotel on the second night. The following morning, we complained about the noise because they stopped the music at 1:00 am but the noise went on until 3:00. The management gave us a 50% rebate and admitted that they should not hold parties again if there were guests occupying the G3 room - room n°3 on the ground floor. We will consider staying in this hotel another time provided we get a room on the first or second floors and that no parties are to be organised. We could also try the Chelsea House which is its sister hotel.	
Nov 9 2004	Underground + mice = never again !	date of stay: end of october '04The presence of an Underground line underneath the building is a major issue. Even though the room we were given was not on the lowest level of the building, the noise and vibrations every 15 minutes (early morning to late evening) were extremely annoying. Additionally, the room was next door to the breakfast room, resulting in a clatter of cups and saucers from about 6am onwards. We asked to be moved upstairs on the second night, which reduced the noise and vibrations considerably. Unfortunately, it appeared that some mice had set up home in this room and decided to pay me a visit when I was using the bathroom, on two separate occasions. This last incident prompted us to leave 2 days early. On the plus side, the staff were friendly. Unfortunately, this is little compensation.	
Oct 19 2004	Terrible experience	Had a terrible experience with this hotel: I reserved a double bedroom for two adults and a baby. The room turned out to be minuscule: not even enough space to put the luggage flat on the floor. The Hotel did not have a baby bed available (which would have not fit in the room anyways). The cleanliness of the room was doubtful. No elevators (and no help to carry the luggage to the second floor). No ironing board in the room, etc...One of my worst hotel experiences ever!	
Jul 31 2004	We took a chance and found a winner!	I didn't know anything about this hotel, and booked it based on a phone conversation with one of the hotel managers and looking at their website(--------------------------). It is a building built in the 1890's(?) that has been completely rennovated(two years ago?), and was formerly called The Blue Bells Hotel. It has a bathroom w/ shower/bathtub in each room(a little difficult to find in London). We stayed in the large family room on the ground floor(pictured on their website), and were extremely pleased, especially after hearing about smaller more expensive rooms in London. The breakfast is basic(cereal, toast, fruit, coffee, juice), but was included in our room price, and we ate there 6/7 mornings. They also have an electric teapot in the room for making tea and coffee. The staff is also very friendly, and always quick to help us with whatever we needed, including our many requests for extra towels and finding us a cheaper way to get to the airport than the black taxi's.  The area this hotel is in(Pembridge Square) is absolutely gorgeous. There is a center square(garden) surrounded by buildings all similar to the hotel. The hotel is only approximately a 5 minute walk from the Nottinghill Gate underground stop, which made it very convenient to get to many places. One of the buildings two buildings down the street is a small boys school, which we found out is where Princess Diana's boys went to when they were younger. There were only two minor downsides to this hotel, both of which would not keep me from having it as my first choice next time in London. The first is that we were promised early checkin, but when we arrived at approximately 10am, our room was not available due to the fact that it was occupied the previous night. But, they had their staff drop what they were doing and quickly concentrate on our room and we had it within an hour - impressive. The second minor downside was that the Central line (subway/underground) runs somewhere underneath the hotel. There is a very minor rumbling, but not enough to keep our kids from going to sleep or wake them up(one is a light sleeper). If we weren't staying on the ground floor, we probably wouldn't even hear it. As I said, both very minor shortcomings. One additional note - we had problems sending email from San Antonio to their email address, so if they seem to be ignoring your email, they're not - just give them a call. Again, this place was top notch - great location, nice clean rooms, great price, and a friendly and attentive staff. It will be my first choice next time I am in London.	
Nov 11 2009 	Pratique		
Oct 4 2009 	Un hotel tranquillo		
Sep 13 2009 	Hotel carino e conveniente		
Aug 26 2009 	Para volver		
Aug 11 2009 	Prisvärt hotell med toppenläge		
Jul 12 2009 	Cuanta Mugre		
Jun 7 2009 	se volete qualche cosa si easy		
Apr 14 2009	Sleepless in London		
Dec 19 2008 	Gut gelegen jedoch gewöhnungsbedürftig		
Sep 25 2008 	Me gustó el hotel volvería por su calidad/precio		
May 8 2008 	Das Erlebnis für Tube-Fans!		
Feb 26 2008 	de qui se moque-t-on?		
Mar 3 2007 	Lieber gleich in die Jugendherberge		
