Oct 15 2009 	Awful	I've never done a bad review but here goes. Firstly this is not a hotel, its a B &amp; B. I stayed here because there was not another room to be had ,when I had to stay in London at short notice. London was booked up!. I'm afraid it had nothing going for it. The odd smell is there when you go in: the room was basic, which was to be expected but the shower was dirty with huge muddy foot mark and black hairs and the (only) towel threadbare. The bed was lumpy and the carpet ..well.. The place was noisy - traffic going past all night and I didn't sleep a wink. I had no choice but to stay, as it was so late at night but I could not wait to leave. Really try everywhere else before here (I did!)	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location and price for a VERY basic hotel	I stayed at Hotel Earl's Court on a solo trip to London on the way home to Toronto from East Africa. Earl's Court had better rates for single rooms than many hostels in central London. Reading the reviews made me nervous about the stay, but overall I was satisfied.My single room (no ensuite) cost approximately $50 (Canadian) per night (175 pounds for 5 nights). The hotel is in West Kensington one minute's walk from the Earl's Court subway station, which is KEY. This station is on the border between Zone 1 and Zone 2 of the transit system, so its as far out as you can go while still only paying the Zone 1 price. This helps save on your weekly travelcard cost. It is on a main road and with your windows open in the summer months (no a/c) it can be noisy. The mattress was uncomfortable. The room has a sink and mirror but is very small. The sheets and towel were clean and the room itself, while certainly worn, was clean. The bathroom was down the hall and tolerable, but not &quot;nice&quot;, separate toilet room was fine. They include breakfast, which consists of toast, cereal and tea/coffee. Friendly staff. FREE wireless internet! (quite fast connection)Overall, great value/location for a budget traveller who isn't too picky.	
Jun 18 2009 	very cheap hotel but what do you expect.....!!	cheap &amp; cheerful hotel though my room was dirty and the breakfast room was dark and had a very unusal funny smell.tho the indian lady on the front desk was very stunning. Hope she is single?	
Mar 30 2009 	A great stay for those on a budget	I stayed here despite reading the other reviews and found the hotel to be ideal for my stay. I was only there for one night, and it was the night of the Brits at the nearby Earls Court Exhibition Centre. Apart from the noise of the taxi's outside I had no issues at all. The room was clean, warm and comfortable. There were no problems with the staff, apart from arriving to an empty reception. Tea and Coffee was available outside of the room, and as I had taken the budget option there was no ensuite bathroom.	
Jun 25 2008 	Do not stay here!!	We were only staying for one night as we were had tickets for Wimbledon. I couldn't have stayed for any more!It looks ok from the outside but inside it wasn't!The gentleman on reception wasn't exactly friendly and didn't seem too happy to be working.Our room was on the ground floor opposite reception. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls, the shelves were all dusty, the tv aerial was held up by a coathanger. There was a makeshift dresser which was all damaged and the cupboard door didn't have a handle. Someone had even taken the batteries from the remote control for the tv.The ensuite was a tiny wet room - see my pic!The walls are paper thin, we could hear the person next door laughing until about 2am then he started snoring so we hardly slept.Continental breakfast was included but we decided not to have that!	
Jun 17 2007 	Disgusting Seamy Revolting Sleazy Horrible.	They say a picture paints 1000 words. I really wish I'd taken my digital camera to show you just how disgusting this place is.The only good thing about this hotel is it is right near Earls Court tube station so you can escape when you realise just how bad this establishment really is. If you are wise, please accept my judgement. Know that I am not exaggerating, and JUST DO NOT STAY THERE. Here is my story......When I arrived the Greek guy on reception (who was wearing t-shirt and shorts) was too busy watching TV to notice I was there. I knocked on the window. He said &quot;hang on a minute, mate!&quot; and made me wait whilst he watched the concluding part of whatever he was watching. I thought to myself: &quot;I don't want to hang on. I've been travelling for 11 hours!&quot; After a very long check-in process I was given the key to my room on the first floor. I noticed that this &quot;non-smoking&quot; room smelled of stale sweat and cigarettes, as, in fact, did the entire hotel. The décor must have dated to the early 70s. The flaking yellow wallpaper was impregnated with smoke. Despite there being an ashtray (a strange thing for a non-smoking room), the surface of the cheap formica table was pitted and scorched with crater-like cigarette burns. The dirty army green bedspread that covered the musty and unwashed blanket was also littered with cigarette burns. The nasty, ill-matched and sickly pea-green nylon curtains (I have thrown better away) were not made of enough fabric to draw across the window.The ledges, windows and pelmets were thick with dust. The carpet was matted with years of congealed dirt. Its original colour is anyone's guess....oh and the taps had brown rings of sludge around them.No kettle in the room. Instead you have to use a communal one downstairs. Not wanting to use the powdered milk that was there I ventured into the kitchen in the basement and opened the fridge......AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH a bowl of what was once tinned tomatoes covered in green mould sat on the mildew-covered shelves! No way was I going to eat here for breakfast!It is almost impossible to find words that can convey the seaminess of this place. To be hugely outdated is one thing, but to be seamy, dirty and sleazy is quite another.Went back up to the room for a shave. No towels, and no plug in the sink. Went down to reception and asked for a towel. The guy said &quot;oh sorry mate, I forgot,&quot; and gave me a towel (which, to be fair, was perfectly clean, thank goodness). As for the plug, he said: &quot;well it should be there.&quot; I explained that there wasn't, and he grudgingly went and found me one, so that was ok.The communal bathroom and toilet (which stank of urine to the point it made my stomach churn) was so dirty I had to buy some bleach and cleaning materials from the local shop and bleach everything before I used it. At least hot water was in plentiful supply. The extractor fan sounded like a pneumatic drill. The light switch was ill-placed and dangerous.I couldn't get to sleep there, and felt ill-prepared for the interview day that followed.I have stayed in hotels cheaper, yet far better than this. Everything about this place was sad, old, worn, decayed, unpleasant and seamy. It is quite clearly run by people who do not care.I half expected a dead body to fall out of the cheap MFI flat-pack wardrobe (from about 1975) that wobbled when I opened it. Just some old musty blankets and a cigarette pack in there. YUCK!	
Jan 20 2007 	Worst hotel I have stayed in ever!	Extremely disgusted with the hotel directly opposite the reception. The flip doors opens to 2 different room, extremely stupid design there. The room was very DUSTY, very dark even with lights on. The bed was not even big for a single, how can it be a double bed?? The toilet was extremely small. The carpet looks unvacuumed for the last 6 months. Very noisy as it was just next to the road. You can even hear people talking outside! Hotel's breakfast was normal, self-made bread and toast. The receptionist looks Italian and guess this hotel is a private and home managed. I hope they get to see the rating here. I really regret paying 60 pounds for such a hotel!	
Oct 25 2006 	Disgusting hotel	We prebooked and prepaid (unfortunatelys) a stay at Earls Court hotel, bases on pictures and our trust in the hotelwebsites info.I do not reccomend this hotel to anybody. Everything was dirty. Our bedblankets were full of stains and filth. The walls were full of dirt and fingermarks. Window and curtains were so dirty. The toilet didn't flush. It looked like they never vacumed. Old wine in the fridge. The bathroom door did't close. Lamps didn't work. I have been in London around 30 times and stayed in hotels with different standard, and this is by far the worst hotel I have stayed in. The fact that we payed 110 euros for it, is even worse.Don't book this hotel.	
Feb 22 2005	Simple points abou the hotel	Ok, the points to note about this hotel:Poor points:Room was not what I requested (twin instead of double ensuite)Communal shower was dirtyBreakfast was a very basic continental breakfastNo hot water in room or elsewhere (couldnt shave)decor was pretty shabbytoo many stairs to climb to roomGood points:Central and close to tube station	
Mar 18 2004	Just mediocre	Convienent location to tube station but I really didn't like this hotel. Some good things, some bad. Good for one person who's not staying a long time. Rooms are too small, hot water almost never ran in the shower or at the sink in the rooms. Room telephone was filthy. A bit over-priced for what you get. Don't bring a lot of luggage as there is no lift. Friendly staff. Probably would not stay again. 	
Jan 6 2004	Could Go Either Way	I had mixed feelings about this hotel from the beginning. My room was on the top floor and the elevator didn't go all the way up. Not a huge problem at first - until I discovered that the small elevator couldn't carry both me and my 1 suitcase at the same time. Both me and my suitcase together could not have weighed more than 150 lbs. However, the woman at the desk pushed the buttons in the elevator and sent up my luggage to meet me.The room was small, as I have found most European hotel rooms to be. That was no surprise or disappointment. The room was clean and comfortable.I was supposed to only stay one night and fly home the next day, but there was an emergency and I couldn't get home right away. The staff made sure that I had a room for as long as necessary and suggested places to eat and helped me figure out ways to make my meager budget work for the extra week I was there. I was worried about being able to pay for the room, but they made me feel welcome and told me not to worry and that it would all be worked out in the end. The staff there were great and went out of their way to help me out.But... when it was time for me to finally leave, I resorted to sliding my suitcase down a flight of stairs because I couldn't lift it and there was no elevator. I'm afraid I woke up the entire hotel at 5 am, but it was all I could do!I would stay there again, but I would ask for a room near the elevator! It was so close to the tube and it wasn't a long walk to Harrod's!	
Dec 4 2003	Poor Value for Money	Although our twin room was booked more than one month ahead, we got probably the worst room in the building. We were given room B5, which was on the basement and just below the Meeting room on the ground floor. All the time we heard footsteps and all. The room was extremely small. Other than one pair of bunk bed, there was nothing and no place to sit or to spread open your luggage. Toilets are outside and clean. But showers are horrible. Showers are fixed to the wall and water falls almost on the wall instead on you. So you have to be close enough with the wall itself. Showers are not suitable for tall people. Since we had problem with room B5, we asked for another room and we were shifted to room B10. Same &quot;facilities&quot; as before without the noise. Room was few square inches bigger with two chairs. If you have lots of luggage, you will have to struggle to get downstairs through the staircase. The lights in the room were very low (I mean Very). Now the good things. The Basement kitchen was very well equiped and clean with all the standard facilities (microwave, electric oven, refrigerator, cupboards, racks, plates, cups etc.) The breakfast was very good. (cornflakes, milk, bread roll, pie, apple, jam, butter, coffee, tea, hot chocholate, orange juice etc) Staffs at the reception were friendly and helpfull. My major complain is about the room and the beds. We paid 52GBP for the room per night and it was surely not worth. About security, We found our room kept unlocked after the cleaning lady had finished her work inside our room. Next time if I am there, I will look for something better. The place is unbeatable. its only three minutes walk from Earls Court Tube station.	
Sep 18 2003	Excellent value Ideal location.	My wife and I stayed here in during Aug 04 for 1 week and found the Earls Court to be very pleasant and great value. The rooms were clean and it was ideally located to the tube. On searches for Hotels in Earls Court this seemed to come out the best for price compared others in its catagory and was - We received a 7 nights for the price of 6 deal by booking directly with the hotel (The receptionist said they offer this most of the year round). All in all and decent place to stay. I would go back. MJ	
Apr 4 2003	Not the greatest place to stay especially if you need a wake up call.	We stayed at Earls Court Hotel during the last week of March. When we arrived, the desk clerk was very hostile. We had originally booked for 6 nights, but were told that as long as we gave 48 hrs. notice, we could cancel a few nights if our plans changed. The desk clerk yelled at us and told us that we would have to pay 20% commission for each night that we cancelled, even though we were going to stay 4 nights. The &quot;breakfast&quot; consisted of toast. That's it. We ended up eating it only the first morning. We had 2 tours scheduled and asked for a wake up call for those mornings. The first morning, the wake up call was 25 minutes late. THe second morning, it never came, so luckily we happened to wake up in time to get to our bus. The morning that we had to leave for the airport, the call never came. Talk about stressful. The rooms were very small. Our garbage was taken out every 3 days. The bathroom in our room was quite shabby with holes in the walls and peeling wallpaper, flooring, etc. The extra blankets in the closet had &quot;hairs&quot; on them. We paid almost 60 pounds a night for the place, which wasn't worth it. I wouldn't stay there again. The one nice thing about the place was that it was about 50 steps from the tube station, and in a rather quiet area. Besides that, I would stay away.	
Jul 14 2009 	deludente....camere minuscole...		
Aug 14 2008 	Non ci tornerei		
Apr 27 2008 	State lontani!		
