	An oasis in a busy city	A great getaway surrounded by the hussle and bussleGreat ideaVery romantic	
Sep 8 2008 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at this hotel on a 1 night trip to London. Upon arrival we were told to take a seat in reception area and we would be able to check in shortly. 45 minutes later we had still not checked in! Staff were very slow and very unconcerned that we were waiting. In the end we left our bags in the secure area and headed into the city as we did not want to waste any more time of our short break! The location is quite a way out of the centre of London but is easily accesible by the DLR and the tube. Upon returning to the hotel later that night, we were able to check in quickly and go to our room. The room was a very good size and very clean and comfortable with a nice clean bathroom. Next morning breakfast was taken over looking the Thames. Overall a good hotel, dispite the problems with the slow check in we enjoyed our stay here.	
Aug 5 2008 	Smelly Bathroom !	Hard to find when the motor show is on as the car-park is closed off in front of the yacht and you have to park in a ncp car park £15.00p per day.Staff never seen any only on check- in.Room was ok but the bathroom had a bad smell maybe its because of the venue.Good location for excel but i would not stay again.Its a one off to find out what its like but it costs a lot.	
Jul 28 2008 	Just got back from great week-end	Great Location and easy parking for a weekend break away that I had arranged for my husband's birthday.We have just visited the Car show at the Excel and the yacht is a stones throw away from the venue. Overall opinion of the yacht-clean, service and staff very polite- dinner menu alittle pricey we ate in the bar area which was more affordable and had a good menu, drinks not too expensive, I was alittle put out that a suite which cost us £170.00 for one night had two single beds pushed to gether but as we were only staying one night I didnt really feel the need to complain, the weather was so fantastic it was like staying on a yacht in the Carribean(if only lol)Try it I think it's a lovely way to spend a night away.	
Jun 26 2008 	Away From It All - Relaxing	I stayed here with my boyfriend and thought it was lovely, the rooms were very big and had a curtain to divide up the bed from the sofa area. The big mirror in front of the bed was also a plus and the decor and whole room in general was luxurious. The window was overlooking the sea and was a nice view.  However there is abosultely nothing to do around here so i would suggest entertaining yourselves. Its nice sitting and relaxing on the deck and the piano bar is also nice to sit in. It was a different and unique hotel/yacht and is definitely worth trying out. The big downside is the location as it is very secluded but it is also the price. It is expensive to stay here and as there was nowhere else to eat my boyfriend suggested we eat at the restaurant provided by the hotel. This was the biggest joke as it was extremely expensive with minute meals it was a waste of money as we were still hungry, and all the meals we had ordered were tiny portions and not filling. The bar is also expensive so in general the value for money is poor and the location is also poor.  However it is definitely worth experiencing for one night.	
Jun 18 2008 	its OK. Worth a visit if going to Excel	I booked a room with a balcony, and had a nice view overlooking the carpark!! lovely!! There is not much near the hotel so i would only really recommend this hotel if you are going to the O2 or Excel. I would not make a special trip!Plus points - Clean, spacious room. minibar well stocked and not too expensive and the bed and sofa were extremely comfortable. Shower was nice and powerful. bad points. Needs a bit of TLC. Fake cold rimming is peeling off in the bathroom and the plastic bathroom is a bit of a let down. The hotel smelt a little of stagnant water, but that is to be expected bearing in mind where it is!! basically, good bet if you have to be in that area, but it is not somewhere i would make a special trip to, and it is not as plush as it should be for the price!!	
Jun 8 2008 	cracking place to stay after a dodgy start	Just been to London for the weekend and were delighted to find the Sunborn. Having read the reviews we arrived with some trepidation. We had a dodgy first night with a high pitched sound emitting from the air conditioning but had complementary breakfast the next day. We were moved to an executive room the next day at no extra charge and had two brilliant days here. Staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful and getting into London on the DLR/ thames clipper from O2 was easy and enjoyable. Recommend this highly and we'll stay here again if possible.	
May 8 2008 	Very unusual and unique	We stayed on the yacht whilst seeing a show at the 02 Arena.The hotel is conveniently located just a few tube stops away from the Arena so this was a bonus.The hotel check in was efficient but not overly friendly and they insisted on taking a deposit for the room of £50 which if paid via a card was not returnable for 5 working days after check out,but returned on check out if paid in cash.The room was really large and was very clean and all bed linen and towels had an amazing,fresh soap powder smell..really nice...Iron and board in room already.European plug sockets as well as UK sockets avaliable.In room safe.TV reception a little poor and kept cutting out.Minibar....which I used to put my own beverages in to keep cool.Overall the hotel was a great experience but I felt the attitude of the staff although professional was a little snooty,and in my opinion let it down.	
Apr 20 2008 	nice view of the car park	Maybe it is my fault, but when I heard about this unusual hotel I just expected every room to be overlooking the river. Unfortunately only half the rooms can see the river, the other half being handy to keep a watchful eye on your car. On realising this we mentioned it to reception, who very kindly checked to see if they could move us, they couldn't, but by way of compensation they gave us a free breakfast in our room. I don't think that the difference of car park/river view is highlighted on their web site, and when we suggested that it might be a good idea if it was, we were given a sympathetic look that may as well have said 'and that would be good for business would it?'. But they did seem to take note when we pointed out that their web site offers 'smoking room on request', but that the boat does not. Smoking is allowed on the balcony of our room however. As it is also allowed on the deck outside the bar, but lack of heaters, and a too high, too narrow rain shelter means smoking, or indeed drinking outside is a joyless experience. So drink inside you say. Well, as long as you can stand the yellow, dotty, plastic piping, strip lights that cling to every one of the bar rooms many pillars, and seem to flicker in the corner of your eye as you pass by, that is.The staff though were very helpful, booking cheap reliable mini cabs for us.Our room was good and clean, but the full length, 6 feet wide mirror opposite the bed was a bit, shall we say, unnerving. But once I'd checked as best I could for any signs of it being a two way mirror I had a good sleep. There wasn't any undue noise from the reasonably empty car park.Overall the hotel and staff was good, but not having a river view kind of defeated the whole point of going to this gimmick.	
Apr 11 2008 	Off beaten track gem	Wasn't sure what to expect having stayed at a rather dingy Travelodge the night before and with the rate at the yacht hotel only £10 dearer. However, I was very pleasantly surprised. Check in was fast, efficient and friendly and with parking directly opposite only £10, very convenient.The room was on the 1st floor, i.e. bottom of the boat, with a large oval (non-opening) porthole that looked out over the water. The room was impressively large with a good king sized bed that I found very comfortable. The room was authentically decorated i.e. wooden panels and mirrors (which made the room seem even larger) and although the bathroom only sported a shower, it was nice and offered everything I needed for a night's stay (including fantastic water pressure and lovely hot water, which isn't always the case at hotels).I stayed with my 2 yr old daughter and she loved it - enough room to run about and great views of the water to watch the planes from city airport (which you could hardly hear at all and provide more of a spectacle than anything else) and the ducks (very important for a 2 yr old).The only thing I could fault this hotel for was the food. It was distinctly below average and definitely not up to the standard of what is an unusual but rather lovely hotel experience. I ordered room service which was efficient and prompt, but ended up leaving half of the (expensive) order. If staying here I'd recommend eating at one of the local hotels for your main meal (I didn't eat breakfast so can't comment) and then return to the yacht for drinks upstairs before retiring to your room.Definitely recommended and I will absolutely be looking to come here again, even though I live locally - it was an experience worth repeating.	
Apr 11 2008 	the yacht in the dock	my partner and i have just returned from seeing the eagles in london O2. we stayed at the sunborn on our 2nd and 3rd nights. it is quite a place. we travelled by train so used the underground and the docklands light railway to get thereit took about 30mins from kings cross, it is next to the excel exhibition centre with the station being only 100yds away, but there is loads of parking if going by car. we stayed in a deluxe room with balcony. the bed was massive. it had a large shower, (no bath bit of dissapointment to me i like a bath). it had all the things you would expect mini bar, internet access tv etc. we stopped room only, we did not have breakfast as we thought it was rather excessive at £13-50 each. we had one problem. on the 1st night there was party on board, which led to a lot of noise from the party guests, the staff did try to to keep a lid on the noise to there credit, but without much success. so we did not get to sleep until 3-30am. on leaving we did mention this, and the guy on the reception had been on duty on the night so new what had gone on, he contacted the duty manager, with out prompting, and to our surprise we had £30 knocked off the bill, and were offered a free breakfast each. apart from that incident i would recommend the hotel it was very good.	
Apr 4 2008 	Excellent Fun	I stayed here for two nights while at Excel, and found it to be great fun, the yacht itself is permanently moored to the key so does not move to much in the night. The bedroom for the money was very nice and clean and had a separate lounge area away from the bed.The bathroom could have done with a bit of work and does look and feel a bit old, but again was clean and all worked well, it even had a hand shower which is great for washing hair in the morning.My only disappointments with the room were the curtains did not meet in the middle when drawn and the aircon was on permanently and had no means of turning it off, and the fan was noisy all night.The bar area was pleasant and staff friendly the restaurant was clean and the food was very good, yes the service at times was slow and the excuse was they only had two chefs on that night, but it really did not impact on the whole experience.Yes the lift is a bit quirky as the exit is on a half floor, the first time you use it can be confusing, car parking was very easy as it was opposite the yacht, the directions on the website to the yacht could be better.I would definitely stay here again it was a great experience, and totally different to the regular chain hotels, more hotels should offer something a bit unique.	
Apr 3 2008 	Most comfortable bed ever	Just spent 3 nights at the Sunborn the rooms are very spacious and well equipped but slightly hot! The yacht is so beautiful a bit of a trip into london but on the DLR it means you get to see some of london other than the inside of the underground, parking a bargain at £10 highly recommended will be going back	
Mar 31 2008 	Unusual but Good Choice for London	Just returned from a weekend break at the Sunborn and was pleasantly suprised. This is a purpose built yacht that is permanently moored at Docklands. It really has a feeling of a true yacht, with self closing doors and art deco hallways. Our room was very spacious with a view out to the water. Although close to City airport we didn't notice much noise. The hotel staff were efficient enough and housekeeping were discrete and thorough.No bath but a nice sized shower was sufficient for our purposes.The hotel is a five minute walk to the Docklands Light Railway, which in turn is about a 20 minute trip into London (Tower Gateway or Bank).This is a perfect hotel if you are visiting the Excel and a decent place for visiting London if you don't mind the journey in to town. A little different, a little quirky but definately memorable.	
Mar 16 2008 	Cruising on Sunborn is good!	I had a room on the lowest deck, in the very bows of the ship. It was better than I was expecting. The room was larger than expected - a good size, large bed. The bed comfort was fine. It was quite quiet - a good thing when staying on the ship for 5 nights. The decor is a bit 1980's - nothing too bad, but just showing signs of a different time.Bar is on level 3 behind reception - good bar. Restaurant on level 5, I only had breakfast and that was all good.Location for ExCel exhibition Centre is outstanding - a few short steps from the East entrance.Overall, different, and good for London.	
Mar 1 2008 	Quirky Shabby-chic!	I booked this hotel as a surprise for my boyfriend's birthday, as we were going to a gig at the O2 Arena nearby, and we love to stay in unusual places - we love the old orient express train at Petworth Station, and Malmaison Oxford (Oxford Castle, and formerly a prison).I think at £109 it was great value for a large executive room with a balcony. I really like the tacky glamour of the decor, that has obviously seen better days - very shabby-chic!Having read other reviews, I avoided eating at the hotel, but did order champagne and strawberries on room service, and I have no complaints. Staff were friendly and helpful, and gave us a map and marked our tube journey for us.The tube journey to the arena was quick and straightforward, and the hotel bed was so comfortable I didn't want to get up the next day!	
Feb 25 2008 	I was tired the yacht was even tireder	Stayed for 2 nights while attending a seminar at Excel. No shaving socket in the bathroom which was annoying as I had travelled with an electric shaver and toothbrush. Hand held shower under the sink leaked leaving a constant puddle of water on the floor, it scored one point for being a reasonably sized room, but the decor was very tired and dated. Room service was mediocre - sirloin steak didn't come from a sirloin, coriander rice had no coriander! Breakfasts are terrible, avoid the &quot;full english&quot; it sits under hot lamps for a long time. The continental style buffet has cheap, dry bread rolls supplied by a frozen food company, along with the buffet size danish pastries, the sliced fuit (what there is) had been prepared the night before (trust me - I'm a chef!,I know this stuff), service is hit and miss, I had to get up and serve myself coffee! The dining area is tatty and the windows need cleaning if they want guests to enjoy the view, otherwise you can watch the reception staff coming in and helping themselves to food - don't they have a staff eating area?. The music system on the window ledge playing Julio Iglesias' back collection of greatest hits is dated and loud, avoid the tables near it, you won't be able to hold a conversation. The entrance is poorly laid out, the only way in and out is by lift, so you have to wait and enjoy the smell from the smokers in &quot;Marlboro Country&quot; by the entrance(one lift broke down while we were there). Overall the place feels and looks dated and tired,more &quot;Hotel Babylon&quot; than executive yacht! the only plus I could find, was it is right next to the venue. There are, I feel, better hotels the other side of Excel	
Jan 27 2008 	Off the Beaten Path but a Good Stay for the Price	I stayed at the Sunborn, twice in the month of November 2007. The novelty of the boat was cool. Additionally, the room was clean and very spacious (in comparison to most mid-priced rooms that I have stayed in, in London) and the front desk staff was very personable and acccommodating.Having read several reviews of the Sunborn here before I booked, I did not eat at the hotel at all, so I cannot attest to the quality of the food there. The only issue was the hotel's distance away from the city centre. It was pretty far removed, yet I was able to navigate pretty easlity without a car, because the hotel is right next the Excel Center, which is on an accesible rail line. Notably the subway directions that I got at the station, got me much closer to the hotel than those that the hotel gives, so it was just a matterof crossing the street and walking across a parking lot to get to the hotel.I would definately stay there again, although I would consider staying at a more central hotel, if the price was right.	
Jan 10 2008 	Not the best choice	If you really need a place to stay, then you can crash here. But be aware that - in my room at least - there was no functioning warm water. Further, though the hotel promises LAN adapters available in the room. Even after requesting such an adapter several times it has not been delivered.Staff is extremely bearish and arrogant. As a guest you get the impression to bug the staff anytime and everywhere.Don't want to write in detail about the quality of the room service, ordered a club sandwich...don't do it!The location next to the City Airport is ok if you don't need to go to the city center. Rooms are ok, quite large and equipment is ok.	
Dec 1 2007 	Enjoyable Stay	Myself and friend stayed at the Sunborn Yacht hotel as we were going to the O2 arena for a concert.We found the hotel very easy as the hotel website directions very very good.The hotel was very clean and the room very large and comfortable.The staff were very friendly and helpful.The hotel is a a bit too far from the O2, (I booked through another booking web site, not thier own), but next door to anyone visisting the Excel centre, and very handy for the city Airport.	
Nov 20 2007	Bad experience	During an expo my company made room reservation an year (!!) in advance and pre-paid them!! Upon arrival at 7 pm that night they told me they were overbooked and could not offer me a room anymore, and my colleague even confirmed my arrival half hour earlier. They booked me in another hotel, 45 minutes away, they arranged a taxi. But this is really bad service !	
Oct 11 2007	A little bit of different with a great feel	I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of June and I had absolutley no complaints and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The entrance is lovely with a winding staircase up to the restaurant and terrace area - breakfast was good and glad had b&amp;b - and the staff were very helpful and attentive. There are newspapers available in the lobby area and there was access to the internet available. The room was spacious and the bed very comfortable. Small seating area with coffee table to watch tv and a mini bar in the room - not too extortionate but reasonably pricey. I had a balcony room and this was lovely to stand out on and watch the dingy sailing on Sunday morning. The location was great for me and I found it easy to get in and out of London. Watch the last train times but I used a taxi to get back one night and the hotel recommended a good firm and the price was very reasonable. Close to the O2 arena for concerts and easy to get to by car. Would definately recommend and maybe the other recent writer caught the restaurant on a bad day as my breakfast both mornings was very good.	
Aug 30 2007 	just a bit different	they are still developing the area but you can easily access central london on the LDR which is 2 mins away, the yacht itself is beautiful, rooms are extremely spacious and well equipped and if you get a room with a balcony overlooking the water on a sunny day (as we did) the views are lovely.	
Aug 2 2007 	Just hed to tell you about this hotel	If you dont mind being in Docklands and right beside Excel then STAY HERE!Its about 20 minutes into central London but if you dont mind that then please please stay here. Yes, its a boat, about 4 minutes walk from the DLR Prince Regent stop, across the Exel car park. No problems with the area. However, if you have bags with you, just be aware of the walk. Enter into a small lift which takes you up to reception. The FRIENDLIEST reception staff ever. Lovely check in, fast, plus upgrade in the very swish reception area with spiral staircase and dark woods. Very &quot;movie set&quot;. Special feel already. The cabin was beautiful. Not that wide but very long with a dark wood exclusive feel to it. Small wardrobe, drawers, great bed, area to put your bag in, seating area with leather settee and then your balcony. Small balcony but lovely to stand outside and look at everying on the river apart from the rowers I accidentally flashed at! Although the space isnt huge, it feels like you have a lot of room and they have really cleverly organised the space. You also have minibar and kettle and coffee etc. There is enough room to work in the room on the coffee table although you dont have a desk. Wifi is available in the public areas and I did manage to tap into it in my room. Although on business, a lovely experience. Please bear in mind - THIS IS A BOAT. So, there are some boat noises, a bit of clanging etc occasionally but no problem unless you focus on things like that. Bathroom small but no smaller than other central London hotels and a lot cleaner!Very pleased, will stay again as soon as possible and look at the rates - forget the other hotels and silly rates, have a bit of luxury.	
Aug 1 2007 	Worst meal I've ever had	I booked the Sunborne Yacht Hotel via Late Rooms therefore receiving a substantial discount on the room rate. The description said that parking outside the hotel was available at a cost of £10. Arrived quite late and the carpark directly outside was totally empty but for some reason was not allowed to park in it and was asked to park some way away on a derelict piece of waste ground. Mine was the only car there, no lights or security cameras. Complained that evening, no result. Still got charged £10 as according to the hotel they have use of the Excel parking facilities and have to charge guests to park anywhere within the vacinity.Went to the bar for a light evening meal and ordered pasta with smoked mackerel in a cream and dill sauce. What arrived was absolutely disgusting - soggy pasta, a scraping of slimey mackerel, dried dill all in a tasteless white sauce. I was too tired to complain again so left meal and went to bed. Next morning I really didn't want to try any more of their food so checked out and went to Macdonalds, which I hate but I have to say the bacon macmuffin was highly superior than the meal I'd received the night before at the hotel.Very poor front of house service, limited signage throughout the hotel so difficult to find way way around.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great stay	We stayed at the Sunborn Yacht hoyel for 3 nights in July and had great time. The rooms were clean and spacious and it is one of the only hotels we have stayed in that had a proper sofa rather than the bed for watching TV. The rooms were very sound proofed as the Hotel is in the city of London airport flight path and we didn't hear any planes. The hotel is a short walk to prince regent DLR station and takes approx. 20 mins to Tower gateway station. The only downside to the hotel is that if you would like to eat in the restaurant as it is expensive this includes breakfast at £13.50. So if you are going to book make sure you get a deal with Breakfast included. We booked with Superbreak and found they were the most reasonable and included Breakfast.	
Jun 9 2007 	Clean novel and good value for money	I stayed here for a brief overnight as I had an early flight from London City Airport. I booked through the airport's website and got a very good deal - £69 for a sinlge person for the night. The location is very convenient for City Airport and for the Excel conference centre which is literally right next to the hotel. It was easy to get there via the DLR - you can see the yacht from the station, though be prepared for going up and down a lot of steps to get there from the platform. It is also near the Millenium Dome (as was).It actually is a yacht, which gives the hotel novelty value. Inside is plush, clean and modern. Despite being on water, I didn't feel any movement, so the seasick need not fear. My room had a nice view over the Thames - there's not much attractive on the opposite bank, but the river itself looked pretty. Staff on the desk were friendly and helpful. The reception is open 24 hours which is good for early departures to catch flights. I didn't use the bar or restaurant so can't comment. The room was very big and spotlessly clean. There were big mirrors all along one wall and a window with a view of the river. There was a sofa and coffee table, lots of wardrobe space, a big TV and an en suite with a shower. It was very good value for money, clean, sparkly and modern. A good place to stay, especially if you are using the Excel centre or London City Airport.	
May 27 2007 	Excellent and a novel place to stay.	I booked this hotel for myself and partner as I was going out to a work function in London on a Monday evening. I tried a more central location, but prices were ridiculous at short notice, and the Sunborn Yacht was very reasonably priced in comparison. Its a bit of a trek out of London, though I'm not sure its 45 minutes, and the DLR is certainly not 10 minutes away. The Excel centre has a few bars and cafe's, and is a short walk. Canary Wharf is 10 minutes down the DLR, and has plenty of bars, restaurants, and shops.The yacht itself is an excellent hotel, I didn't book anything special, we got a room on a lower deck, overlooking the Wharf, the room was huge for London, and extrememly comfortable. We didn't eat in the hotel but did enjoy a coffee before we left. The staff were very friendly, and the whole place looked well looked after.	
May 24 2007 	Great location for excel	I stayed on the yacht whilst at a event at the adjacent Excel centre , what a joy just having a two minute walk in the morning as opposed to the pain of having to travel out from central London.I arrived mid morning but the reception staff were really helpfull and let me have my room early .Throughout my stay all the staff were really friendly and helpfull . We didnt eat on the yacht but the menu looked Ok however there is so many good restaurants / bars just a short taxi ride or on the DLR its probably a shame not to go out .Ive seen some great offers for the yacht on late rooms etc for when there isnt any events on at Excel so I would defintley recomend it for a short break , just remember you will not be in central London .	
May 7 2007 	Sunbourne Yaght Hotel - Fantastic!	We booked this Hotel for the weekend through a popular website.Wasnt sure what to expect - as we booked The Sunbourne Yaght in favour of The Premier Travel Lodge as it was slightly cheaper!!Docked along side the London Excell and a convienent two minute walk to the Docklands Light Railway. (DLR)The hotel was very cheap - and surpriseingly good! Great looking boat. Entrance could do with updating, but once onboard the reception area iself is really nice. Lovely big spiral stair case. Our room was very well decorated, HUGE comfy bed. Separate living area with sofa table and chair. Well stocked mini bar which wasn't too badly priced...Glass doors opening out onto a small balcony.Quality Complimentry magasines.A curtain divided the room - so the sofa could be folded out as a bed, which was also very comfortable, and would be great for anyone wanting to stay cheaply with children.Good range of entertainment, sky tv, internet, movies and a games console in the room.Great shower - very blasty! Nice - though smallish bathroom. All staff we met were friendly and helpfull.Really nice to sit out on on deck either last thing at night or the first thing in the morning. Obstructed views of both the dome and Canary Wharfe.Excellant value for money. Rather unique - and would definatly recomend.The only dissapointing thing being the view of the car park on one side of the boat!	
Apr 24 2007 	Good standard of accommodation in Docklands	I stayed for 2 nights at the Sunborn Yacht Hotel whilst attending a conference at the adjacent ExCel Conference Centre.The hotel (a custom built yacht hotel) is moored in Royal Victoria Dock and is adjacent to the ExCel Conference Centre, 4 minutes taxi ride from City Airport, and 3 minutes walk from Docklands Light Railway. The rooms are large and well furnished with a separate living area with TV, mini bar, safe, trouser press etc. The public areas were of a good standard and were well maintained.The staff were friendly and efficient, breakfast was a good hot and cold buffet, and food and drinks in the bar were good. I didn't eat in the restaurant, other than for breakfast, but the prices on the dinner menu seemed a little high. The hotel didn't have any leisure facilities for the general use of guests.I would recommend this hotel for anyone attending a conference in Docklands, providing reduced rates apply, as the standard tariff's are quite expensive.	
Apr 20 2007 	Okay but not for business trips.	The Sunborn Yacht Hotel was booked for me by my company for it's close proximity to London City Airport. I have to say it's okay, there's nothing wrong with it as such, but it's just not great!Check in was great and the staff member was very friendly, but then the staff went downhill. I tried to get a cable for internet access and the attitude of the guy at the desk was terrible. Just come out to the lobby and use the free wireless was his attitude. Great, but I needed to be on a web conference and I didn't want the background noice of the lobby or others listening to the meeting. If it was just some general advice that there's free access in the lobby, that would have been fine, but the fact he kept insisting I use the wireless seemed to me that he just couldn't be bothered going through the paperwork. (Note there was no wireless access from the room, well there was a very low signal, and I was on the same floor as the lobby).The restautrant staff weren't much better. The first thing they did when I arrived was complained to me that I hadn't reserved, even though the restaurant was emptly. Seeminly the chef was busy catering for a party downstairs and didn't have time to cook me a meal. I said I'd be happy to wait and read my book but in the end the speed of service was fine, so why they felt the need to go on about not booking beats me.I'd say it's a good hotel if you're looking for a quiet break as it does seem to be very quiet even though it's next to ExCel. the room was clean and the shower was powerful, but not too warm. The curtains are paper thin!	
Apr 19 2007 	Interesting Change	Stayed here in March for 2 nights wanted to book something a bit different. The Friday night had a 'showcase' night on with lots of singers followed by a disco. No charge for this, worth calling the hotel to check when the next one is on. The trains are frequent and you feel a world away from the hustle and bustle. Rooms were large and service was great. Would recommend someone who wants a change and doesnt mind a 30 minute ride into the city.	
Apr 10 2007	It's not a proper boat!!	to be honest I wasn't that enamoured with the reception and facilities at this hotel. the staff were pretty short and their customer service skills weren't great. the room was OK, but i certainly wouldnt pay the full rate for it and the food was ridiculously overpriced. The hotel is near to a station which is a good point i guess, but if you're planning to stay at this hotel because you like ships or cruising then you might be disappointed as the resemblance to a real working ship was pretty shallow and didnt stretch much beyond a few decorative life buoys. Anyway, enough [--------------]. if you do chose to stay here then have a good one...and mind the gap in the 'double bed'!	
Apr 8 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Just returned from our second stay at the Sunborn Yacht Hotel, we previously stayed in December 2005 so we knew what to expect and were not disappointed. Although the hotel is situated in Docklands it is quite easy to reach the City and sights using the DLR. The hotel is excellent with spacious, well maintained bedrooms and this time we had a balcony which is an added bonus. The hotel has a great ambience and the staff are friendly and efficient. Breakfast is buffet style with plenty of options to choose from. All in all we think this hotel offers great value for money in a setting which is different from usual. Perhaps not the choice for families with young children but a fantastic hotel for couples. We will certainly stay on the yacht again.	
Apr 5 2007 	Nice quiet very comfortable...shame about the location	Arriving by train, the view from the station is daunting. The yacht is across a very large car park belonging to the Excel Exhibition Centre. (Trains are very regular, but the lifts were out of order and if you've got a big case or two and a dicky heart, this could well cause issues - it did for me!)Once in the hotel, things were great. The room was clean and large. The staff were efficient and, in the bar at least, friendly. We checked out the restaurant, but didn't eat there as no one else was and we like a little atmosphere to a meal. The bar was nice and, best of all there was no piped music...worth the stay on its own!! The bar food is ok, but over-priced and, unlike almost every other part of London, there are no small eating places close by.However, the lack of neighbours means that its very peaceful and you don't get woken up early in the morning through traffic. breakfast was good. Its buffet style and I'm not a fan of cooked meals buffet style, so stuck with the continental. Healthy and fresh.As you're on a yacht, everything is close by. No great long corridors to pass through on your way to you very comfortable bed. Overall, a good place to stay if you want a quiet time and are happy to travel in and out of the city by light train/tube (easy changes and regular trains) and we'd happliy stay there again as long as we could get a deal (we had 3 nights for two and a discount). Its certainly not 5* and probably just about scrapes a 4*. Given its location, a health spa would be helpful for added relaxation. However, get a good deal and its a nice place to be. (NOT a place to take the kids. They'd drive you crazy for things to do!!)	
Mar 28 2007 	An interesting change	Out of curiosity (being frequent cruise ship passengers), we stayed here for two nights over a weekend to try it out, while still being in London so that we weren't really &quot;away&quot;.The room and bathroom were surprisingly large, and compared favourably to some other shoreside London hotel rooms that we've seen. However, they gave the impression of being rather sparsely equipped. Nothing was missing, but there just seemed to be acres of blank space on desks, shelves, etc. The bathroom was very warm throughout the weekend, and we couldn't find any way of turning off what we presumed was underfloor heating. But otherwise, the room and bathroom were in good order and comfortable.There are few facilities onboard - fundamentally, an inside bar on deck three and a restaurant on deck five with an outside bar area. So in many ways we're glad that we ended up having relatively little time to spend at the hotel. The inside bar seemed quite pleasant, though, and we will bear it in mind for future times when we're in the area.The breakfast was pretty good, by hotel breakfast buffet standards, although the tea was a rather hit-and-miss affair depending on whether a cup was poured from a circulating pot, or whether a teapot was left with us (and, in that case, how long the teabag had been in the water).The only real problem was that on the first night, a private party was taking place on the top deck including a loud disco. The noise from this penetrated into our room and was rather intrusive. With that much sound penetration, it should not have been allowed to go on until 2 am. It was a relief not to have that the second night.And charging £10 a day for car parking was, I thought, rather steep considering the nature of the parking - part of the visitors' car park for the ExCeL exhibition centre - and the (lack of) demand for it at the times when most guests would be parking for longest, ie overnight.Finally, this is a great hotel for planespotters. The flight path for London City Airport is almost directly overhead, and landing aircraft are at a height of only about 150 feet. The airport itself is also within view of the hotel. So this could be quite an interesting place to stay for an enthusiast.	
Mar 26 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel in March - we thought it was great. The hotel is a custom built yacht in Royal Victoria Dock, not far from Canary Wharf and right next to the ExCel Exhibition Centre. It is a bit out of the way for central London and the West End - it took us about 20 minutes on the Docklands Light Railway from Tower Embankment, but trains are frequent.We booked the hotel last minute through a website called ratestogo and got a much better deal than we would have directly with the hotel. We paid £90.00 per night for 2 of us and our 3 year old son. Breakfast was extra - £13.50 per person - our son was free of charge.The hotel is very close to the City Airport. We were a bit concerned about this as the planes taking off and landing were very close to our balcony. In the room however the noise was not a problem and there is no plane activity between about 9 pm and 7:30 am.The hotel has 102 yacht suites and 2 luxury suites. The rooms are air-conditioned and have network connections. Check-in was efficient and we were pleased with our room. It was on the second floor with a balcony overlooking the water. One side of the yacht overlooks the car-park - obviously not ideal so do ask for a water view. From our balcony you could see Canary Wharf in the distance and the top of the Thames barrier.The room was very spacious - one of the biggest I've ever had in London. It had a huge double bed and a big sofa bed. There was a mini-bar, hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities and a trouser press. The bathroom was smallish but very modern with a power shower.We loved the novelty of staying in a yacht in Docklands. Also being that bit further out of the centre of London, you get more &quot;room&quot; for your money. The slight drawback is the longer journey in and out of the centre.The hotel has a restaurant - we did not eat there as it seemed very pricey, also it did not seem to have much atmosphere. We ate out in a great Carribean restaurant about 10 minutes walk from the hotel. Go past the ExCel exhibition centre, walk along the waterfront and you can't miss it. It has a lovely interior, laid back and friendly atmosphere, great service and delicious food. Also the walk along the waterfront is very pleasant with the lights of Canary Wharf in the distance. We also felt very safe out walking in this area at night.I would recommend this hotel - it is good value for money for London - use the bargain websites to get a reduced rate, also it is a little bit different staying in a yacht. Just be aware it is not centrally located and if you want to sightsee or go out in the West End you will have a bit more travelling to do.	
Mar 26 2007 	Ok for short-stay	We stayed only one night &amp; chose this hotel for its proximity to Excel center and the in-room broadband access inclusive rate (125 gbp). During our 3 week trip to London, we also stayed at the Sumner and Riverbank Park Plaza. The Park was the cheapest @ 69 GBP, wonderful location, with internet &amp; breakfast included, but internet was down for 3 days &amp; service was sloppy. The Sumner was the most expensive (199 GBP), but had the best service, reliable internet &amp; decent breakfast, included in rate. The Sunborn had reliable internet, ok service and the worst breakfast (not included in rate &amp; way expensive).Location: between Custom House (12 minutes) &amp; Prince Regent (5 min) tubes. If you have luggage, get off at Prince Regent so you only have to walk across a small parking lot. From LHR T4, we took the Picadilly line to Green Park and transferred to Jubilee Line and then onto the DLR line to get to our final stop, Prince Regent. Do not attempt this with bulky luggage, as we did. We were lucky our flight arrived on a Friday 7am and by the time we got thru immigration, it was after the morning commute rush. Tubes were relatively uncrowded and we had space for luggage.Check-in: went smooth, nothing to complain about or compliment. I would rate the hotel, furnishings, service, ambiance and rooms at 3-star. Room: very spacious, traditionally appointed in the usual poly-blend materials. Room had nice wood floors and a port-hole window that looked out onto the water. View was nothing to admire- old Mill building across the way, high way ramps further off. During the London Boat show we were able to watch the boat races, which was great as the boats came by very close to the 'yacht'. Heat was too high though and we had to turn it off for the night. Bed was not the greatest - springy, motel quality, with poly-cotton, thin sheets and blanket. But after our flight from Maui, this could not prevent us from sleep. We appreciated having the reliable high-speed Internet access, fax &amp; modem points and large working desk. Maybe we slept too deeply, but there were no discernible noises from the other rooms. It wasn't windy either and there were no functions in the hotel - so it was a quiet night during our stay.Bathroom: small, economical, very clean. Shower had suprisingly good water pressure. Breakfast: mediocre. They would not accomodate request for egg-whites only. Consisted: tea bag, canned beans, runny egg beaters, boiled mushrooms and supermarket pastries. Not terrible, but at 16 GBP/person, NOT worth it. Take the tube to the nearest Pret, instead.We are returning to London in April for the Guitar show and have booked the Sunborn again. Proximity to Excel &amp; in-room internet access is the reason, again. Ok, reallY it's because spouse loves the 'yacht' concept. I am sure the Ramada or Novotel or Travelodge would suffice for a short stay while visiting Excel, but I cannot comment on or compare those establishments.	
Feb 26 2007 	Not all plain sailing!	Reception staff good and genuinely set a good example and standard, which was my first impression of the Hotel. Housekeeping...I would go so far as to say....excellent. Now that is rare for me. Nothing and I mean nothing was too much trouble, more teabags..coffee...pillows..towels...milk etc...little things that when you are away from home...just make your stay that much more comfortable...when these are provided to you in addition to what already has been placed in the room and all done quickly and with a smile and good attitude!..Shame then, that the catering side lets the Hotel down. We ate in the 5th floor restaurant...they were understaffed and the food was not reflective of the prices charged, if anything you could tell it was all pre prepared, they seemed to have a problem if you order your steak other than well done..I don't blame some Hotels for doing this but some, no doubt, are better than others at disguising this trait!...for my sins..I had breakfast in the restaurant the following morning...and the waitresses could'nt even serve a drinkable cup of tea...cooked breakfast I will leave to your imagination...even the cold buffet they could'nt get right. Training for chef , kitchen staff and waitresses and to also work as a team and to be just as proud of the restaurant as the housekeeping staff are of the rooms and reception staff are, of the Hotel and all will be okay.	
Feb 23 2007 	Good but not a 5-star hotel	The room was big (comparing to other hotels in London) and the boothrom new and clean. Bargain room rate over the weekend. Check-in was rather a cool acceptance than a warm response. Never a 5-star hotel!Good location if you are there for business (Exel, Canary Wharf). In walking distance from London City Airport. Near a DLR station. Avoid to walk there in the evenings (-&gt; scallywags).	
Feb 19 2007 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here for valnetines weekend, Hotel is lovely as was the room. But if your not into the fancy food in the resturant your a bit buggered and there's nothing near and unless your driving and know your way around your fine otherwise probs best off ordering room service.I would stay here again but the management is not the best i've ever seen and am still trying to work out how the manager is appointed manager.	
Jan 19 2007 	A good alternative to central london	I stayed here with my partner last August for 1 night. It is slightly out of the way of central London, i think this is a selling point for the hotel, its nice and relaxed this way. On arrival to the yacht i was shown to a &quot;car park view&quot; room...please please please make sure you dont get one of these rooms. I politly asked to be changed over to the other side and luckily enough, it was not a problem for the friendly staff. Rooms are very spacious, decor is a little tired but not terrible by any standards. Food in the restaurant is a la carte and pricey. I would recommend the carribbean scene restaurant which is a 10 minute stroll down the docks, with a lovely view of canary wharf. The noise from the airport is noticable in daylight, but quiet at night. The breakfast is absolutly lovely, its the best ive ever had in any hotel! The staff do watch you like hawks and seem to linger around you though, which irritates me. Altogether, we really enjoyed our stay, i would definatly stay here again.	
Nov 17 2006 	Very Good but don't pay full price!	I have stayed here twice and this is a very nice 3 star hotel that also happens to be a yacht, staff are ok and both the bar and restaurant are spacious, comfortable and pleasant.A warning to those people using Sat Nav system to find it, it probably won't show up at all on your systems, instead point your Sat Nav at the centre of Prince Reagent street and then follow the signs for hotels.The rooms a nice, clean, quite large and decorated nicely and the beds are comfortable without being luxurious. I recommend being on the 3rd or 4th floor as the rooms are slightly larger, and the view better.I do think this hotel is massively overpriced at it's standard rate however, at the time of writing their standard rate is £205 for a single room! The good news is that if you shop around and book ahead you can find yourslef a double room (sleeping 2 people) for less than £90 almost any day of the month (excluding special holidays etc).So overall very nice indeed but if I had paid full price I would have had much higher expectations and felt it was just average. As it was I felt it was excellent value for money and very pleasant stay whether as a business traveller or with a partner.	
Nov 8 2006 	Terrific stay at the Sunborn	Stayed at the Sunborn Yacht whilst attending the world travel market. We were absolutely delighted with our stay. Reception staff were lovely but efficient, the room (standard) was a lot larger than we thought it would be, great bed ...Fantastic shower. We eat in the restaurant both nights, one night with a client who was most impressed as he was staying at another hotel costing quite a lot more than we were paying. Back to food - lovely - could not fault it. We will certainly stay there again for any excel travel functions.Could not recommend for people wanting to do the west of london, but for excel attendees totally fab!	
Sep 3 2006 	Great hotel	Great place to stay with stunning rooms and great decor. Certainly a change to stay on a yacht, and the price is in line with other similar accommodation in London. Was handy for me as I had a group of friends visiting me in London, they all enjoyed it too. Highly recommended.	
Aug 19 2006 	great expectations!	Just had wonderful 3 night stay at Sunborn yacht, courtesy of a &quot;[-------------]&quot; deal, as a 20th wedding anniversary celebration. We would probably not have selected this hotel at full price, but the deal of £99 each for 2 nights and 1 free was excellent. We chose to add a balcony supplement of £20 the room per night and received a wonderfully situated cabin 2/3 along on 3rd deck on the waterside. It was all magnificently private, and larger than expected, with the option of having balcony doors open just to sit in the lounge part of the cabin. Interest around the Docklands was enlightening, we felt the scenery was historic of the area and more interesting than a central London squatty dwelling with a view of next door's brick wall! City airport nearby added to this flavour, flights not disruptive at all after 10pm or before 8am. We would disagree with other reviews about the yacht being past it's sell by date and that Prince Regent DLR station was too far to walk! We parked our car literally just outside the front door of yacht entrance and picked it up on our departure, the walk to Prince Regent a stone's throw, with services to suit leaving central London after post-theatre supper, arriving back at 01.00h. The photos supplied by another review helped us to choose this hotel. Excel was quiet during our stay, we enjoyed exploring the area around on foot and discovered a wonderful restaurant called Caribbean Scene, further up the quay from the yacht in the direction of Canary Wharf only a few minutes walk from the yacht. Hotel restaurant a la carte is posted on the web so you know what you pay before you go, however we couldn't even manage desserts, so were well fed with our superbly tasting portions. Breakfasts were excellent. The whole culture of Canary Wharf was a new experience and very recommended, with excellent coffee houses and outdoor cafes. We reviewed everyone else's comments and did our research well, the reward being a superior sized London room at half the price and double the interest.	
Aug 11 2006 	Great stay on board yacht	We stayed at the Sunborn Yacht while visiting the Motorshow at the Excel centre in July. We couldn't have picked a more convenient place to stay as the yacht is moored alongside the conference centre. The yacht was very clean and the room surprisingly spacious and well furnished. The shower was very powerful and had nice accessories. The staff were very friendly and they stocked Amstel beer which was a great luxury for us! We would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and hope to stay again for the motorshow next time.	
Aug 4 2006	Great Hotel	This is something different from the norm. All you would ask from a 4* Hotel but with the difference of it being a Yacht. I stayed in May this year with a friend and got a fabulous price on Superbreak. The room was lovely, with two very comfortable twin beds and then a living area beyond. We didn't have the luxury of a balcony or terrace as we were on the lower ground floor and dockside, I would recommend the other side of the yacht as we overlooked the car park rather than the dock itself. The bathroom had a great shower and very nice toiletries. Breakfast was worth getting up for and as you eat you can watch the planes flying over as they take off from the city airport which is just across the road, although the noise is minimal. The decor is beautiful and the staff very helpful. Docklands LIght Railway is a few minutes walk away across the car park and the lights on the Yacht are helpful and welcoming when you come back late at night. Would highly recommend. Only downside is the 20 minute ride back on the railway from the city centre, although to be fair the hotel is advertised as being in the Docklands.	
Jul 24 2006	A Dream weddiing come true	I had my wedding at the sunborn hotel. It was magnificant. I hired the fifth deck and had the whol floor to myslef. I had the open deck laied with tables and chairs which the friendly staff placed for me.The fron deck they covered with glass just for me as prior to my wedding this was also an open deck. It consisted of a bar area which all my drinks were served by the staff. In the restaurant area it was exclusive to my wedding only. I had tables, chairs set and decorated with my wedding colour theme. I had cocktails on arrival and I remember how magical it felt going up the golden staircase whilst I was videoed.The staff there made my day so special and I was told that I was the first wedding they had done so for. I stayed on the fifth floor in a room which consisted of a sauna. I really had a great time and the food was cooked excellent.	
Jun 7 2006 	Sloppy seconds after a few good years at sea...	I'm sure there was a time when this was THE place to be. However, that time was probably about 10 or 15 years ago and in the middle of the Mediterranean. Currently, the yacht/hotel is now washed up on the not-so-appealing London docklands and there's a certain smell to the rooms that makes it seem that they haven't been occupied since their peak a decade ago. Nonetheless, if the only reason you're going to London is to be at Excel, it is only about 50 feet from the entrance and across the Excel parking lot from the tube (Canning Town). Overall, it's a decent deal; I paid 107 pounds/night for a double room (excluding breakfast), but I wouldn't pay anymore than that and would stay somewhere closer to London if the purpose of the trip was touring the main attractions.	
Jun 4 2006 	Best Value In London Today	As a refugee from the recent closure of the much loved Dolphin Square Hotel, Sunborne is a welcome, if very different alternative.This was my second stay and as usual the level of comfort and cleanliness was first class.Whilst the restaurant is not cheap £200 buys a good meal for two, the cuisine is absolutely superb.All in all a real Docklands gem. Thank you all!	
May 22 2006 	Yacht hotel gimmick not worth the money	The thought of staying on a yacht sounds luxurious, but the gimmick soon wears off after check-in. I stayed at this hotel because of its unbeatable proximity to the Excel conference center which was right next store. (Also, work was picking up the tab.)First, it is not a cruise ship (like it looks in the pictures). There are few amenities beyond the bar, modest restaurant and meeting rooms. No exercise room, hot tub or pool. This would be ok by me if I weren't spending 140 Pounds/night. To be fair, my room was spacious especially since I was expecting only a bottom line cruise ship cabin. This room was bigger than a typical Hilton room in the US, and definitely bigger than other hotel rooms I've had in Europe.I did not sleep well, though, because of this annoying groaning and creaking sounds from the gang plank attached to the yacht right outside my room. The sound was quite loud and seemed to resonate throughout, so I am sure I was not the only one affected. The sound got worse on the night the wind picked up causing the yacht to pitch more in the water. This was the biggest drawback in my opinion.Entering and exiting the hotel is difficult because the only way in or out is through these odd elevators in the center of the yacht which they said was a security feature. (I guess it met this objective.) The gang planks referred to earlier were emergency exits only. I also concur with the comments made by others regarding the walk from the rail station, so I won't elaborate.My room included breakfast which consisted of a traditional English Breakfast (a lot like the traditional American Breakfast) and a Continental breakfast bar. Coffee and tea are included. I found the food adequate for my needs, but definitely not luxurious like you might expect on a yacht (or a cruise ship).The crew (I mean staff) were helpful and accommodating and provided little extras (like a power adapter, iron and board, restaurant recommendations) when asked.This was my first time to London, so I don't have much to which to compare my stay. I just think one could do better for 140 Pounds/night plus tax, or pay less money for a hotel that sits on land instead of in the water.	
May 16 2006	Great for something different	Traveled to London for a theatre show at the weekend, even though we arrived two hours before check in, nothing was too much trouble and we were quickly found rooms to change in.The rooms were excellent and for the cost, exceptional value for London.We travelled by cab to and from the West end ( around £25.00 each way) and chilled in the bar when back in the evening.Good range of breakfast on Sunday Morning ( served til late too ) and left at 12.00 feeling thoroughly satisfied.Will travel there again soon, thoroughly recommend it.	
Apr 12 2006	Different and great value for London	We had a 3 night stay on the Sunborn Yacht from 25 March 06, and I cannot resist adding my own views and photos which may dispel some car park crossing/travelling myths.For £200 in total we had a spacious, spotless and very comfortable room with river view. Ok, not a great “view” with an old disused factory mill opposite, but this is London Docklands and not Green Park. The staff were polite, and yes the buffet breakfast was the same each day, but quite sufficient and acceptable, offering a choice of cereals, fruits, juices, breads, pastries, jams plus a hot counter and as much tea and coffee as you wanted.Accessible on the Docklands Light Railway, you can be from Prince Regent to Tower Bridge in 25 minutes maximum, and if travelling around London, the best option is the day ticket for £5.40 which allows 24 hour travel on the underground and the DLR. Make sure you have card/change for the machines each day.To get to the yacht from Prince Regent station, you do have to cross the Excel car parks and it takes about 5 minutes. Our experiences were very few cars in the car park, no one around, although a security guard was patrolling the area on two occasions as we crossed. After saying that, if travelling alone, I would not have felt comfortable or secure crossing by myself. I have attached photographs taken from the station and from the yacht, which might be helpful and reassuring that it isn’t very far (it just feels that way if it's raining!).We did not eat in the restaurant so cannot comment, but we did order room service when we returned about 9pm, which was absolutely fine. Just over £20 for fish &amp; chips, and beef in ciabatta bread with chips and salad. They did add a £2 service charge themselves. Maybe a little pricy, but aren’t all London hotels the same?After reading some reviews regarding disco noise, maybe we were very fortunate that there were no parties that weekend, hence no disco noise. Maybe this was due to the time of year, but it may be worth checking it out with the hotel before booking. Airport noise was very minimal but not apparent during the night.Considering the quality, room size, cost and something a little different, it proved a good choice for us. Central London hotels cannot compare to this, except for being “central”. If it is your intention to visit attractions all day, and evening shows or entertainment, then be aware of the journey time, or pay a premium to stay in central London. Alternatively, plan to combine the two and make only one journey.Not sure? – do your research before booking.We spent our time sightseeing, enjoyed the whole stay, and would recommend staying at this hotel, but just be aware of the location. I would stay here again, great value for money.	
Mar 30 2006	Worth the extra mile.	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights from 26/3/06. Having read the reviews and scrutinising several London hotels decided on this one as it seemed to be the best for our budget. I cannot understand people who have made comments on the distance from central london...this hotel is in Docklands NOT central london so yes, there is a 20 minute train journey to Tower hill, but I beleive that this hotel is worth the extra distance. The other reviewer who commented on a 10 minute walk across the car park has slightly over exaggarerated this, yes it is a bit of a pain if the weather is not nice but it takes 5 minutes at the most. My personal belief is that this hotel is on a par with any crown plaza, the rooms are very generous with a queen sized bed (very comfortable) and you have a seperate seating area with mini bar &amp; TV. The staff are very helpful and on our first night recommended the local thai resturant with whom they have an arrangement to transport you to and from, the food there was excellent. The only thing that let down our whole stay was on the last morning we were woken by the fire alarm, this was appalingly managed as there was no fire drill to speak of, we were all stood by the entrance there was nobody from the hotel checking that all the guests were out. And to top all of that the fire engine could not get through the barricades to the car park, eventually took 10 minutes at least to get in. But that aside this hotel is excellent, there is no noise to speak of from the nearby city airport overnight. And all in all I would definatly stay there again.	
Mar 29 2006 	The best in London	We stayed here for one night only and how disappointed we were... not with the Sunborn you understand! But because we couldn't stay longer!The hotel certainly is great value for money. We stayed in a Luxury Room on Deck C with a view of the Thames. With breakfast it cost just £99.The staff were very friendly, courteous and helpful.After check-in - the receptionists were very efficient - we had a drink and ordered a bite to eat from the bar menu. Although the food was a little pricey (£8.50 for a burger and chips), it couldn't be faulted. It was just like the treatment you would expect on a cruise ship where absolutely nothing is too much of a problem. We sat, ordered, ate, drank, paid, sat etc etc. The only thing missing was the Hot Tub to relax in!After our evening appointment we arrived back at the boat and drank in the bar and then retired to our rooms. The beds were very comfortable and the shower was powerful and roomy. The toiletries were also of a high standard and usable! Each room also has an iron, trouser press and hair drier and plenty of hanging space.Breakfast was adequate, the usual cereal, pastries and hot food. I asked for poached eggs and although cooked to order they were tinged with the taste of vinegar, so disappointing - but hey! Ninety nine pounds and vinegary poached egg with everything else magnificent wasn't so bad!There were plenty of magazines and newspapers to read that were free of charge and plenty of areas to relax. If it was sunny and warm then the terraces would have been ideal to enjoy a glass or two of Pimms!There is ONLY one downside to staying at the Sunborn and that is, if you are travelling on your own and using the Docklands Light Railway (purchase your ticket from the machine BEFORE you travel) - take care! Personally, I wouldn't. I would use a cab instead. Although the distance between Prince Regent station and the boat is minimal, at night and on your own you are vulnerable.But I do want to finish on a high note and so... the Sunborn is a great place to stay and I can't wait to book my next trip.	
Mar 15 2006	Looking for something different!	Went to the Sunborn Yacth Hotel for our anniversary. Had a fantastic room with river view. Hotel staff are very freindly and helpful.The cooked breakfast wasn't great but for £89 all in i wasn't complaining!Will be going back when it is a bit warmer.We went to the floating Lotus Leaf Chinese Resturant which is a 10 minute cab ride away (hotel cab service very good)or you can get there by DLR. Great food and very cheap considering where it is. We have also stayed at The Old Railway Station - have a look on the internet - fantastic!	
Feb 28 2006	Super rooms little else	Stayed 3 nights at the end of February. Probably the largest hotel rooms in London for the price. However the hotel has little else to offer. The desk is badly run, requests are written down on bits of paper and then not fulfilled as requested or forgotten all together. The food was the same for every one of the 3 mornings we were there. Although a large dining room not all area used so queues form at peak times. It is a 45 minute journey into central london , so if the reason for your visit is to see as many attractions as you can during the day and then come back to change for a night out in town you have to take 3 hours out of your day. In addition after a show and a meal in town you are racing across town for the last train at 12.44. On arrival at the boat you are faced with a 10 min walk across the Excel conference centre car park with cars cruising past you with not another soul in sight. Because of barriers you have to follow the footpaths you cannot walk as the crow flies to the boat. If you are attending the Excell centre an excellent location, however not the base for 3 or 4 days to sightsee london.	
Feb 12 2006	Sunborne Yacht Hotel	Just spent four days at the Sunborne Yacht Hotel, London. No problem finding the location. Using the underground and Dockland light railway was quite simple even for four pensioners. The room was clean and comfortable. Staff were very helpful and breakfast was very well presented and a good selection of hot and cold food. The hotel would be convenient if you were travelling by air using City Airport. If ever we are in London again we would not hesitate to book this hotel.	
Feb 6 2006	Spacious and friendly	Booked a standard (no balcony) double at an incredible rate of £69. Nothing &quot;standard&quot; about the room - very spacious, well furnished, with a separate seating area. The bathroom is shower only but you'd expect this for a yacht. Front desk service was excellent. When I mentioned we were meeting friends at the nearby Yi-Ban restaurant (a superb Chinese and good alternative to the pricey ships restaurant) the receptionist gave me a chit for two free drinks. The ship has a large bar but otherwise there is limited public space. Also, the yacht is hardly in the prettiest of settings;- large concrete car park on one side and not the best part of the Thames on the other. However, for value for money and a room at least twice the size of anything you would find in London at double the price, it is well worth it.	
Jan 24 2006	What a great find!	We were a bit aprehensive at going to this floating hotel after getting such a great price from the internet...something had to be wrong... How wrong was I! It was perfect! Although, a 30 minute tube ride to the &quot;West End&quot;, the difference in price allowed us to dine at restaurants we would have given a miss to,if we were staying in any of the dearer 4 star hotels in Central London. From the uniqueness - to the service, quality and the unbeleivably comfortable beds, this hotel made our short stay in London memorable and we cant wait to return.	
Jan 23 2006	know the score	I have read most of the reviews on this place and I think if you choose to stay here, you need to enquire as to the events taking place on your choice of date. You also need to request in advance the type of room you want and if a balcony room is your choice (which it should be) you must ask that you are put on the river side. Also ask if there is entertainment planned. Bad points are that there is not much of a view on the car park side (where excel sits), there is not much in the immediate area and the nearest general shop is a fifteen minute walk. But the balcony room that me and my girlfriend stayed in was excellent. Remember that there is no bath, just a spacious walk-in shower and if you want an iron, you have to request one. The river side view is nice in the evening and creates an atmosphere of privacy. This is why the yacht hotel is suited for a quiet, relaxing stay-hence why you need to make sure there are no parties planned! The hotel was not busy when we stayed but again, that is not bad if you are looking for quiet romance (the restaurant was empty and we had the best candlelit table and our own waiter, who was very good). The food is very pricey but if you want to spoil yourselves then give it a try. We were worried that the a la carte menu would leave us hungry so kept crisps in our room. However, the food was in good proportion and was one of the best meals I have ever had. A question that you may ask is, was that because we were the only diners? I would like to think not. We certainly did'nt need the crisps. We encountered no other problem. Hope this helps your decision-if you do your homework, I would recommend it.	
Dec 1 2005 	Tremendous	A real find, with First Class service nothing was too much trouble Front of House, and its very comfortable.Excellent value for the area.	
Nov 16 2005	good value!	We booked a 3 night weekend stay here with some trepidation as we'd seen some unfavorable reviews regarding noise at night from the funtion room they have at the hotel, but as we got a great deal at 'laterooms' (£89 per room per night including full english) and it looked so nice we decided to go for it, and we're glad we did! We asked for a quiet room with a river view and balcony, and thats exactly what we got. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The whole place was spotless and was better that in the pictures! Our room was so quiet that we almost thought we were the only ones in the hotel! Beds are the most comfy i've ever slept in. Having seen the function room, i can imagine the level of noise if it was being used - maybe check at booking with the hotel if there are any functions on...? The only downside is that it is quite a way from the city centre, and a little bit of a trek from the railway to the hotel if you had luggage (its about 5-10 minute walk at most) but you get much better value for money - to get rooms and service like we had in the city centre would cost at least 4 times that. The restaurant was expensive (althou it looked really good) so we didnt try it, but would recommend the short trip to canary wharf (we used to stop here on our way back from sightseeing in the centre) as there are some nice bars and restaurants - there's an amazing italian (cant remember the name) which was at a really good price (less than £10 for a main meal)	
Oct 3 2005	Something different	We loved staying on &quot;something different&quot; and the cost was good too.You must go for the balcony room facing the water. DO NOT except a car park view as you will be dissapointed.	
Sep 26 2005 	Excellent Value	We stayed here for one night and I must say the rooms are wonderful, very spacious, clean and nicely presented. The reception staff were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Although it is a bit out of the way its only a few minutes walk to the Docklands Light Railway and you can get anywhere around the tourist sites of London for £5.20 with an off peak ticket. We got bed and breakfast for £114 which I felt was very good value for money.We will definately be staying here again when we next come down to London.	
Sep 20 2005	Loved Every Minute	I was a little bit dubious about staying at this hotel as I had read the reviews on here beforehand. I need not have worried! It was great! Myself and my partner stayed here for a romantic weekend with a difference and that was exactly what we got!I have got nothing to complain about and neither had he. The staff were extremely helpful and the rooms were lovely. The food on the yacht was overpriced but with the DLR just outside it takes less than 15 mins to get into London. We booked our room through late rooms and they were also the best on price by far. We will definately be staying at this hotel anytime we want to stay in London.	
Aug 30 2005	A Fantastic Treat!	We stayed at the Sunborn on the 27th August 2005, just for a bit of a treat over the bank holiday weekend. We paid £149.00, this included a three course meal and full english breakfast. I have to say that this place was fantastic. The suite was very luxurious, room service 24 hours a day, pay movies, broadband access-it was lovely. We were lucky enough to get a balcony, views are nothing special from the boat though as one side overlooks a car park and the other is Docklands on the Thames! We were very well looked after, I am vegetarian so I pre warned when booking as the meal thrown in is from a set menu. I ended up with a beautfiul meal from the a la carte menu. My partner ate from the set menu and he really enjoyed his meal also. After dinner we went to the bar and had a drink, not much else to do on the boat apart from that really-so its great for couples who just want to spend some time together in a bit of luxury! We went back to the room and ordered a movie, a tad expensive at £8.45, but they do have latest offerings (and PS2 games but I do not know the cost of these). Breakfast was a buffet and had everything you could have wanted and some more! We went to breakfast at about 9.40 and had to wait a while (about half a hour) . This was ok though as we took advantage of the free papers while we were waiting.All in all I would totally reccomend this Hotel. It is unusual and I think the £149.00 (a special rate which lasts till June 2006 I think)is an absolute bargain!	
Jul 11 2005	don't try calling	I didn't actually stay at the Sunborn, but my son did for three days with a group of students. Each and every single time I tried to call (8 times total) the receptionist would give excuses as to why he couldn't take my call. I was told my son was in a meeting, sleeping, eating breakfast or his phone had been blocked because others in the hotel had been playing on the phone. Whatever the excuse was, it was clear that the staff didn't want to be bothered with phone calls. One time when I called I was placed on hold for 20 minutes (I was calling from the U.S.). I finally hung up and called back. When I called back, the desk clerk immediately got defensive with me when I explained that I had bee holding for so long. I'm not sure what it is like to stay at this hotel, but based on this experience, I don't want to find out.	
Jun 6 2005	Good Deal at Sunborn	My partner and I booked this online at 68% off the original price and felt that, with the discount, it was a very good deal. It's a little out of the way in the Docklands and the view isn't terrific (across the water you have the view of the now ancient and dilapidated Millennium Mills factory), but the rooms are very pleasant and well equipped. By the way, there's a nice Thai restaurant located at the very end of the docks, about a 10 min walk from the yacht, called Nakhon Thai Restaurant.	
May 16 2005	Splendid rooms	Stayed for one night - Scenery not fantastic but very impressed with Yacht. One problem on checking in established there was a private function taking place in the hotel restaurant that night- this meant we were unable to have a meal that evening other than in the bar. A Chinese restaurant about 10 mins walk was recommended and was booked on our behalf with a complimentary drink thrown in (nice gesture). On our arrival at the restaurant it was like having a meal with a 5 piece band playing in your ear we did not go in and went to the Ramada Hotel instead - had a fab meal there. The suite in the yacht was fantastic very comfortable, staff very friendly - no hangers, unsure if it was just our room. Overall had a wonderful time DLR connections right next to hotel so not a problem getting around. Would reccommend for that special occassion.	
Apr 26 2005	Huge rooms for London	We stayed for one night at the Sunborn Yacht hotel. Our reason for chosing the hotel was it's location as it was convenient for us. We got a good deal on lastminute and weren't expecting anything special. We only arrived at the hotel at 11pm and had to leave again at 7am so we didn't see much of the hotel, however, our room was fabulous...big and clean with a huge, very comfortable bed and separate lounge area. We very much enjoyed our short but sweet stay here and would recommend it to anyone looking to stay in this area.	
Mar 16 2005	Fantastic for a special occasion	Celebrated my husbands 40th birthday on the Sunborn, We had a great time the yacht was everything we imagined &quot;just like the pictures&quot;.When you book strongly request a river view or you will most likely get a carpark view. We also requested a quiet room and got it - through laterooms,the suites were of a very high standard and the beds were very comfortable.Only had breakfast but it was very good value for money.On the down side it is a little far out, but if you plan your days well, you can cope using the docklands light railway &amp; the tube( approx £6.00 for the day )We had a couple of special nights out and decided to use a cab, the yacht has its own car which is very reasonably priced( same if not cheaper than the black cabs).I think you could negotiate a little discount though.Glad we went for our special occasion, not sure I would stay there if we just went to sightsee, but for that little something special...try it you wont be dissapointed.	
Dec 22 2004	Rip off - Stay here at your peril	My girlfriend and I stayed here overnight in December 04 with 2 children, one of whom played on the TV games console, which seemed a little pricey at £5.75. At check out I was charged NINE TIMES OVER for this privilege, as he had paused the game when we went out sightseeing, and apparently the cost is per hour; this is a total scam, and I could probably have bought the entire games console for this price - NO WAY WERE THE MANAGEMENT GOING TO CONSIDER A REFUND. You will also note in the in-room Service Directory that Room Service Breakfast costs £14.95 pp, which you might perhaps think a little pricey. Go for it; we took the continental Buffet Breakfast in the 5th floor restaurant, and were charged £17.75 pp - this included no hot food whatsoever, and we explicitly turned down the &quot;Full English&quot; option despite being repeatedly pestered to accept it. Again, NO WAY WERE THE MANAGEMENT GOING TO CONSIDER A REDUCTION, although the selection on offer was no more than pastries, stewed fruit and cold meats; there was also cheese, but the Camembert was date-expired (as were some of the flower arrangements).I have stayed in hotels the world over and have never once been ripped off so blatantly; yes the rooms are good, the hotel is slightly exotic, and the Expedia pricing extremely attractive, but this is GOUGING AT IT'S WORST and I have now written to the London Evening Standard, Time Out and to the local Trading Standards Officer.The location is extremely inconvenient in December, but the kids thought it was fairly cool staying on a yacht. My own reaction to the final bill was not cool. I SUGGEST YOU AVOID THIS HOTEL OR RISK UNPLEASANT SURPRISES AT CHECKOUT.	
Nov 16 2004 	Different and enjoyable	My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at the Sunborn Yacht recently. We were over for WTM at Excel - location coudn't have been better, a 2 minute stroll from our room to the centre. Some distance from town though ! If you do intend to travel to city centre do not use the local minicab company the hotel use - call a London Taxi (black cab) much cheaper by far. Local mini cab driver tried to charge us the same fare to the city airport (5 minute drive) as a taxi cost us to Whitehall the night before ! Our room was very spacious but cold. Seems there was a problem with the heating in our room. A call to reception had the janitor quickly dispatched, very friendly but was unable to fix. He did arrange for a portable oil filled heater to be supplied, it was a pity the staff didn't think to plug it in and turn it on for us (small niggle).Overall very pleasant and friendly staff, nice ambience, ideal for Excel &amp; City Airport, far from city centre though.	
Nov 1 2004	Fantastic	I have just spent the most wonderful weekend on this yacht hotel. Our room was fantastic (and they gave us a balcony overlooking the river!), clean and excellent value for money (we booked through late rooms). The location is out of the way (easily accessible by the light railway - last train 12.30am ish) but well worth escaping the tourist mayhem of the city centre. I cannot comment on the restaurant as we came armed with snacks/red wine (note there are no shops close by)but the bar was very relaxing and prices reasonable for Amstel lager. I look forward to returning to this hotel again.	
Sep 6 2004	Certainly different	Booked a deluxe suite with balcony and river view as surprise for birthday beginning of September. Yes, it is difficult to get to and the view isn't exactly picturesque but inside the staircase and chandelier do try to create an atmosphere of yacht luxury and the suite was lovely. The staff were very pleasant and helpful but SO inexperienced, not what you'd expect from the world's only floating hotel. Food was very good but the singer and guitar was TOO loud. We'd come for a romantic meal and could hardly hear each other.. I asked for a glass of champagne and the staff were fighting about not being THE one to open the bottle! When it was opened at our table, the waiter did a great job, shame he let it spill down the bottle and on to the floor-he didn't have a glass ready. Then when I went to take a drink, there was something floating in it. There was no problem having it exchanged but I do wish a fresh glass had been brought to the table and the champagne poured into it instead of taking the glass away into the kitchen and emerging with a full glass...When a waitress poured some red wine into my glass she accidentally spilled it on my bag, the tablecloth and down the glass. The wines were horrendously expensive and the house Merlot was too warm. When we went to get a post dinner drink in the bar , the till wasn't working so nothing could be paid for by cah and non-residents could not be served as the drinks were allocated to rooms. There really should have been a back up to deal with this type of problem. The piano playing in the background was just right volume wise but the lighting made the bar look like a casino. Don't think I'd go again , not because of the little niggles but because of the location.	
Aug 29 2004	wonderful	what a wonderful break we had. the staff were so helpful. we were given a balcony suite which gave us lovely views of the dome; canary wharf; london city airport.all fixtures and fittings on the yacth are of the highest quality it is sheer luxury the breakfasts are divine and served by very friendly staff who cant do enough to make your stay a unforgettable one go midweek to avoid party noise.	
Jul 6 2004	Couldnt fault it.		
Jun 14 2004	Sparkling nightmare		
Feb 27 2004	The wow factor		
Feb 21 2004	Christmas Dinner		
Feb 16 2004	Highly recommended for something different!		
Feb 16 2004	Ideal for a romantic night for 2!		
Jun 16 2003	Nice stay but hard to get to!!		
Jun 2 2003	Floating nightmare		
Apr 22 2003	It was great until......		
Mar 10 2003	A forgettable experience		
