May 9 2009 	More of a Hostel than a Hotel:	Actually, we thought we were booked into the OTHER Central Park Hotel, and for what we paid, we should have been. I noticed a review that indicated payment of 25 pounds per night and we paid more than three times that! How were we to know that there are 2 Central Park Hotels!The elevator (lift) was not in working order and we had 2 full suitcases each, plus hand-luggage because we had just come off of a 15 day cruise. I feel sorry for anyone staying in the room beneath ours because the floor squeaked horribly with every step.The curtains on one window were coming down and did not close completely.The first day we had both hand towels and bath towels; after that we only got bath towels.The bed linens were clean and fresh, but consisted of only a bottom sheet and duvet with cover. The first night was quite warm, so we took the cover off the duvet and used the cover as a top sheet. The bathroom was tiny but clean - and sadly in need of an upgrade - but there was no place to put anything! No hair dryer, and I didn't realize that we could have borrowed one from the front office until I happened to see someone return one on the final day of our stay.There were no water glasses in the bathroom or room, but the night registration desk clerk got us 2 when requested. The next morning, when I asked for 1 more, the dining room attendant rudely addressed my request noting there are not enough for everyone to have a glass. Excuse me! If this location is going to advertise as a hotel, then water glasses in the room is a very minor amenity they should provide - along with hand towels.Desk clerks were very friendly and helpful and even loaned us a converter so we could charge our camera batteries.As with other reviewers, I agree that it is conveniently within minutes walking distance to bus or tube transportation. Free internet was nice.As for noise level at night, weekends were very noisy during the late hours; the week-day nights were quiet.Be aware that this location is more of a hostel than a hotel, and not worth what we paid for the accommodation.	
Nov 1 2008 	VERY cheap but cheerful enough	This hotel was basically picked as it is close to where my sister lives which was the reason for my visit....After reading the reviews i was worried and arriving int he dark- still not impressed.On reflection it is cheap. For my £25 a night i got to park my car in a safe area (very rare in London), i was 3 minutes from tube - which was 10 minutes from central London, breakfast and ensuite bathroom.Staff - especially lady who did breakfast were a bit lacking in charm but guys on reception always said hello. Curtains didnt fit window and drains smelt slightly but we had fresh towels everyday and as we were out sight seeing it was more than bareable for a long weekend.Dont expect the ritz!	
Sep 27 2008 	you've got to be kidding!	Clean enough....that's it for the positivesNeighborhood unbearableStaff- not much helpno amenities	
Sep 27 2008 	deçu!		
Nov 11 2009 	Bof !		
Nov 4 2009 	Unfreundlich und schlampig		
Aug 22 2008 	Bisogna sapersi accontentare!!		
Jun 2 2008	une pension plustôt qu'un hôtel		
May 22 2008 	NEW PEMBURY CENTRAL PARK:ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
