Aug 27 2009 	Well-located “home away from home” apts – but might be noisy for some!	We recently stayed at the Mansions in a two bedroom/one bathroom flat for eight nights during summer 2009. The apartments seemed just what we were after and, though we have a few quibbles, our view is that the apartments are a well-located cosy option for those wanting more space than available with a hotel room and who like to have kitchen facilities available. Location is one of the Mansions big selling points, and it doesn’t disappoint. You are only a short walk away from: the Earls Court tube station (District/Piccadilly); several bus stops; ATMS (Barclays, Nat West…next to bus stop, opposite side of road from tube); grocery stores (Somerfields, Sainsbury Local, MS Simply Food), takeaways, several pubs, a Boots, Post Office, and several not too expensive restaurant options (Wagamamas, Masala Zone). Tube travel time into the West End is about fifteen minutes. Arrival at the Mansions: Those staying longer than 5 nights are likely to have free door to door transfer (chauffeured car) from Heathrow included in their stay. A welcome service for those arriving off long-haul flights. The driver will not be able to park directly outside the door but we managed to park just around the corner on Bramham Gardens where it’s a very short walk to the Mansions. If you don’t have too many bags or children/elderly folk to worry about, take the tube to Earls Court from Heathrow (if coming from Victoria, take the District Line west). Out on Earls Court Road turn left and walk along Earls Court Road approx 150 metres. Cross Earls Court Road just before Earls Court Square, opposite the entrance to Bramham Gardens; The Mansions are the large red-brick Dutch Gabled buildings just in front on the corner with Earls Court Road.Check-in: Efficient – handing out keys, taking credit card imprint (although we had prepaid, this was for anticipating phone call charges) handing out a local map on where to find the large Sainsbury’s and Tescos on the Cromwell Road all took no more than a few minutes. As our arrival was outside standard office hours we called the day before to confirm we were expected (we were) but we’d recommend doing this just to ensure no problems on arrival. The apartment: Our comments reflect the experience of staying in Apt 12. This was a two bedroom, one bathroom apartment. Access was via the lift – which goes only to the 5th floor - and then a flight of stairs (receptionist took us up there and helped with taking bags up the flight of fairly narrow stairs). Those with small children or mobility issues should ask Mansions staff or their travel agent when booking for a flat with lift access; top floor apartments accessed by stairs would pose difficulties.  The apartment was located on Earls Court Road/Branham Gardens corner and overall it was spacious, comfy and casual though showing some signs of wear: full-sized kitchen; living/dining room with plenty of seating; two bedrooms and bathroom with shower over bath. Small quantities of coffee, tea, sugar, salt and pepper sachets are supplied. Having a washer/dryer was fantastic (there is an instruction booklet; though unfamiliar with this combo appliance, we found it easy to use. We couldn’t find a corresponding booklet for the oven, though we managed to work it).We loved the immediate home away from home feel – even down to the books left by former guests in the bookshelf and the unfashionable but friendly décor/furnishings (vases!). The bathroom was in need of a bit of refurbishment but still, given the volume of guests they get here, it was acceptable. But there were a few disappointments and things to note that may apply to, or concern, your stay: 1) The second bedroom was disappointingly small and not the best for an adult. This single/double combination of rooms would have been fine for a couple with a child. Make sure you book what best suits your needs as there are also double/double and double/twin beds two bedroom apts. 2) The top floor gets very hot in the summer (yes, London can get very hot at times; it doesn’t always rain!). Despite providing electric fans (there’s no aircon) it was hard to keep the place cool even with drawing the blinds during the day as we were advised to do. Several hot-water boilers in the kitchen and bathroom add to the warmth (though this would be a bonus in winter! And it helps dry clothes quickly limiting the need to use the dryer). 3) The apartments are not double-glazed…and Earls Court Road is busy. If noise is a factor, you may want to request an apt that doesn’t overlook Earls Court Rd or consider a quieter location. There is also some intra-apartment noise too – which just goes with the nature of a Mansion block building. 4) On the top floor we had difficulty with accessing the free wifi on offer. We could only sustain a connection by using our laptop whilst perched on the loo in the bathroom! Not the best. Perhaps the Mansions could consider installing a wifi connection booster for the top floor apts?? And finally, on check out: If, like us, you find the tube isn’t running to Heathrow due for engineering works, do not panic! Just take the District Line from Earls Court to Paddington for the Heathrow Express or Heathrow Connect as these trains accept Zones 1-6 inclusive tube tickets when the Heathrow Piccadilly line isn’t in service.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location value for money	My husband and I spent a week in the UK with another couple and needed a place to stay while in London. The Mansions accomodated our need for a two bedroom place with a kitchen and washing machine that we could use as a base. The apartment was excellent as it very close to the tube (brilliant for getting anywhere at anytime in London), a Marks and Spence store (fantastic for quick and easy microwave/oven dinners) and a couple of internet cafe's. We felt safe walking any time of the day and night and thoroughly enjoyed the charm of being in an old London apartment. Any issues or queries we had we dealt with promptly.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very convenient and affordable	The Mansions in Earls Court was in a great location that suited our needs - 5 min walk from a station serviced by trains running on several lines, London buses passing by every few minutes, heaps of cheap eateries 5- 10 min walk away, choice of supermarkets 3 to 15 mins away (including a Marks and Spencers only 3 mins away), several bakeries 5 mins away, a large range of fabulous restaurants 3-20 mins away, cheap internet 5 mins away, lots of takeaway chains within 5 - 15 mins, and a great coffee shop only 2 mins away. It was very handy for seeing London shows - only 3 or 4 stops from Billy Elliot - and we felt safe travelling home from the musicals even after 11 pm at night. Earls Court is also not far from several tourist haunts, such as the Victoria and Albert Museum and Harrods. It was extraordinarily easy to get to and from Heathrow airport, just hop on the tube and no need to change trains. Earls Court Station even has a lift, so there are no stairs to negotiate. We had a surprisingly quiet studio room on the top (5th) floor serviced by a reliable lift. The kitchen was large and also included a with a microwave and a washer/dryer. The oven worked well and the fridge was a good size. The bathroom also a good size with shower over the bath. The water was hot and strong. There were lots of windows, lots of storage and a good ceiling fan above the bed - which worked well for our stay at the end of May. There was also lots of heating for colder months. There were two bar stools and a breakfast bar in the kitchen. There was also a two seater sofa in the lounge/bedroom and a TV that could be seen from the sofa and the bed. There was plenty of lighting.The staff was professional, friendly and helpful, and the weekday maid service was terrific - they even washed up for you. We read complaints about the pull down bed being hard, but we found it fine and used the extra pillows that were supplied. The best thing was that they supplied an easy to access and very reliable free high speed wireless internet service. Our package also included a free airport transfer, which was great.We found our studio apartment at The Mansions very affordable at ?110 per night - and were happy to pay the full amount two weeks in advance to be able to attain this rate. It was a great location for our 9 night stay in London. We will be very happy to stay there again when we are next in London.	
Jul 7 2009 	This place is fantastic.	We were so pleased with our accommodations at The Mansions. The Earls Court area is a fantastic place to stay. Very busy and seemed very safe for families. There are restaurants, grocery stores, bakeries, Underground all within 2 minutes. Our family went to Wimbledon while we were there and we were only a few Tube stops away. We stayed in a 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment. It was so nice to have a place to relax and eat breakfast in the apartment each day. We didn't feel like we had to rush and that we could actually enjoy our vacation. The office staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Highly recommend.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent value for London and extremely comfortable	We stayed at the Mansions in a large 2 bedroom 1 bath apartment as we are a family of five including a 22 month old toddler. We could not have been more pleased with our accomodations. They had a cot and high chair for our son and he had lots of room to run around and play. the apartment was clean, bright and extremely comfortable. I have a cousin briefly working in London and we had her over one evening for a few classes of wine - we felt like we were enertaining in our own home. We found the shopping on Earls court road so close and convenient that we ate quite a few meals at &quot;home&quot; which suited us very well - especially travelling with a small child. Before we left we asked to see one of the larger apartments and it was excellent also. We will definately stay again on any future trips to London and will recommend to anyone travelling on business or leisure. Prior to this trip we have always stayed in hotels and BB's but the mansions has converted us to the comforts of having our own apartment. The Squires Family, Toronto, Canada	
Apr 25 2009 	Great location shame about the place	We booked the Mansions based on the good reviews it had. We spent 4 nights with our young family and it was by far the worst place we stayed during our 4 week holiday. There was only enough hot water for one of us to have a 5 minute warm shower each day. The rest of us had to make do with a cold one on some pretty cold and miserable London days. When we mentioned this to staff after the first night we were told it would be looked into but in fact nothing was done. Nothing could be done as the hot water tank was miniscule. Barely enough for one let alone 5-6 persons as is advertised for the apartment. Having prepaid our accommodation, only having 3 full days in London and with 3 young kids it was not a feasible option to try to find somewhere else to stay (although we would have liked to). There is a washer/dryer in the apartment which doesn't let you wash unless the machine is full but only dries if the machine is half full(and then you need to run it through twice to really dry well). The unit was cramped and old , the bathroom was mouldy, the whole place the musty smell of an old person's home. The only thing going for it was the location which was very central. There is a supermarket nearby and restaurants. Also there are many tube lines which run through Earls Courrt underground making it easy to get around. Having said that there are a multitude of other accommodation options available in the area many of which could only be better than No.1 The Mansions!	
Apr 14 2009 	Unbeatable in London	After reading such favorable Trip Advisor reviews, we decided to stay at the Mansions. The reviews are accurate: The Mansions are unbeatable for the price, especially in London. We had a 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment that was very, very spacious for our family of four. It was so relaxing to return to the comfort -- and cleanliness -- of our apartment after a busy day of sightseeing. We appreciated the renovated , ike-new kitchen and the convenience of making our own breakfasts in the morning. (I purchased coffee beans at a nearby Starbucks, which the clerk ground for me, and then brewed some nice cups back at the apartment which I enjoyed out on the balcony .) The baths also were renovated and on par with nicer European hotels. Our teenage son, who had brougth his laptop to keep in touch with friends and family, also appreciated having Internet access.Like someone else on Trip Advisor, we had a small problem understanding the clothes washer/dryer in our flat; however, the management was most gracious in getting us up to speed. The laundry capability was a real plus in our estimation since we were able to continue our trip with clean clothes!We also enjoyed the Earls Court area with its abundance of grocerers and restaurants. The apartments are only a city block or two from the Tube -- another big plus for us since our party included my husband's 76-year-old mother. On our last trip to London, we paid a similar price for another hotel -- we might even have paid more -- which had dilapidated, dirty rooms and complementary roaches. The other hotel also was a fairly long distance from Tube access. The Mansions are light years away from that experience. We definitely will be making the Mansions our home away from home on subsequent visits to London. What a way to begin our holiday to England and Ireland! I only wish we'd stayed another night ...	
Apr 8 2009 	You Absolutely Cannot Beat The Mansions Flats!	We loved our third floor, 3 BR 3 BA flat at The Mansions! The view down Earls Court Road from the dining room was absolutely smashing. Kitchen was all-new and included washing machine, which we did not use. The bathrooms were updated, and the size of the rooms was incredible for London. For a big group, there is no contest between The Mansions and a hotel in price and quality of stay. John in the office was most helpful, too, with touristy questions. Some of our party stayed at The Mansions on a prior stay and had a lovely first floor suite with fenced-in garden, but you couldn't quarrel with our arrangement, either. Short walk to the wonderful Earls Court station, which is a direct Tube line to Heathrow. Also, free WiFi included.We shall return.	
Feb 24 2009 	Excellent alternative for a hotel room!	Our group was of four adults and three children. We stayed in a 3 bedr + 3 bathr apartment in the Mansions for four days, in February. It was a huge flat to accomodate 7 persons, comfortably. The dining room and the living room being separate gave the grown ups a chance to sit around the dining table and chat in the evenings while the children watched TV in the living room. The location is perfect, being on the main sreet, close to the tube and with many markets and places to eat, nearby. We really enjoyed our stay there and would highly recommend it especially to the ones traveling as a group.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great spot	Our family of 4 stayed here in early January after friends had stayed here in September. The location was great, the only place on our trip we took public transport to the hotel and it was a breeze even with all our luggage! We were a little disappointed that we had to still do a flight of stairs once we got out of the lift ( that luggage again!) but once we were in the apartment it was delightful. More spacious than we could have ever expected, would definitely stay again	
Dec 29 2008	Loved The Mansions	My family of 5 had a lovely stay at The Mansions and would like to echo everything MarmaladeT of Sydney, Australia posted in May 2008. In fact we would echo most of all the nice comments other reviewers have posted on this site. The 2bed/2bath unit we had on the 5th floor was fabulous in every way and the building's location is perfect. Everything was an easy reach on foot and by tube. We could go for serious shopping in Oxford/Bond Street, come back for lunch, explore Camden Market, come back for a sumptious dinner at Dragon Palace on 207 Earls Court Road and still take in a great show at Victoria Theatre.. all in one day and it didn't feel like a mad rush at all.This was the first time my family have tried staying at an apartment in London and it has convinced us that it beats staying at hotels anytime since staying in this private, spacious well equipped unit made our family vacation seem like having a wonderful holiday right at home. We will certainly return to stay on future trips to London.	
Aug 29 2008 	Excellent location.	Our family of 5 adults stayed in the Mansions in June 2007. We had transfers arranged from Heathrow and were picked up in a minivan that had plenty of room for our luggage.We stayed in a 2 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment and found that it was perfectly suited to our needs for our 5 night stay. The Earls Court tube station is about a 2 minute walk down the street, as is a food store, internet cafes, pubs, restaurants and fast food. Although located on a main road, the noise did not disturb. We found it to be very reasonable value, especially as we could prepare our own food in the kitchen and do our own laundry to save money (particularly when the exchange rate from Australia is terrible!).We would recommend the Mansions to everyone. We really enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Place to Stay in London!	These apartments are an easy walk from Earl's Court Station, even with luggage. They are self-contained (both kitchen/laundry facilities included.) and linen supplied. Small supply of tea/coffee on arrival.We booked a one-bedroom apartment which sleeps up to 4 people (a double/2 singles &amp; 1 double sofa-bed). Located on a fairly busy road but beds were very comfortable and sleep came easily after a big day sightseeing. Shops across road for groceries, cafes/restaurants in next block for breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner.One consideration: if you are travelling with large/heavy bags-request a room on one of the first 4 floors because a lift is available only to the 4th floor. Access to 5th floor is by lift the a flight of narrow stairs! AAAGH!Otherwise a fantastic place to stay in London- easy access to all attractions.	
May 20 2008 	Absolutely loved The Mansions!	We (my sister, two friends and I) had the pleasure of staying at The Mansions for a week in March 2008. The experience was a complete delight, right from the chauffeur collection at Heathrow until we checked out. The apartment was perfect (5th floor, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms); it was extremely clean, lovely decor, very comfortable beds, great bathrooms (with truly wonderful showers - great pressure!). Everyone in the office was very helpful and went out of their way to assist us whenever asked. The location is excellent, being so close to Earl's Court tube and the bus stop is also just a short walk along Earl's Court road. M&amp;S Simply Food and Somerfield supermarket are very close (Sainsburys and Tesco are a bit further away, but walkable). Building security is also excellent, as the front door is locked at all times and you can only gain access to the building with a key. It's also a bonus that there's a lift. All in all, a wonderful place to stay in London and it will be my first choice on my next trip to beautiful London.	
Mar 25 2008 	What a surprise!	We have just returned from a week's stay in London. We booked a flat through Regent Suites for a 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom flat. There was a total of seven adults (all family) in our group. We flew into Gatwick and pick-up was arranged by the apartment. The cost of this service was 40 GBP per car which I felt was pretty reasonable from Gatwick. Our drivers were prompt, however, due to a delay in customs, we were charged for an additional half hour. The Mansions is located in a neighborhood full of shops and restaurants. It is very convenient to the Underground (if you are staying more than three days, get the Oyster!) When we arrived at the Mansions, we were promptly escorted to our flat which was located near the lift (it was pretty quiet.) We were pleasantly surprised at how nice the flat was. The furniture in the living area could have been a little newer, however, it was pretty comfortable. Bedrooms were very comfortable The 3 bathrooms were new and stocked with enough towels and a hair dryer. Bonus towel warmer was a surprise. The kitchen was updated with washer, dryer, and dishwasher. It was a little complicated to figure out appliances, but we figured it out with a little help from our housekeeper who was a lovely woman from Columbia. My family loved this flat. Very British! It was great to gather in the morning for breakfast and at night after dinner for card playing and a glass of wine. The downside was that our spacious flat was booked for our last night and we were moved to two, two-bedroom flats. The move was a little chaotic, as one flat wasn't ready. Wouldn't recommend that you do this, especially on your last night. However, both flats were fine. We requested a late check out, but was unable to be accommodated by a somewhat inflexible building manager. I understand that they were booked, however, an extra hour would not have been too much of an inconvenience. Several nice restaurants in the area, especially Wagamamma's. Supermarkets within walking distance. Our stay was very pleasant. I would return and book through Regent Suites as they were lovely to deal with.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great Flat!	We rented a 3-bedroom, 2-bath flat at No.1 The Mansions for the five of us. We were picked up at Heathrow--quite convenient, and free--in a nice mini-van which had room for all our luggage. The building is locked, which we appreciated, as the front door opens up to a somewhat busy street. Our flat was up the lift, down several hallways, then down half a flight of stairs, but it was tucked away and no one was walking past our door or talking in the hallways. Nice and quiet.The flat was spacious, with a large living area and good-sized bedrooms. Decor looked like someone had outfitted it with Granny's cast-offs--mismatched furniture that had seen better days--and the arrangement of the furniture took up too much room unnecessarily. The TV was quite small and no instructions how to find TV stations.The kitchen was clean and bright, with fridge, stove, dishwasher and both a washer AND a dryer--unusual to have one of each in the UK per our experience. Oven was impossible to figure out. UK appliances are so much different from American.Bathrooms were in good shape, if small. Daily maid service during our week stay provided clean towels and made beds every day. It was nice to come &quot;home&quot; after a day of sightseeing to fresh towels and a nicely-made bed. The beds were hard, by the way. A couple of them were rock-hard. Ouch!Short walk to Earls Court tube station was most convenient. Several nice pubs in the neighborhood, a Marks and Spencer Simply Food and a chemist (drugstore) are between the tube and the flat. Nice area--even though it was somewhat busy we always felt safe, even at night. The flat is about a block from the busiest area, so it's quiet at night. Shopkeepers were all friendly and helpful, especially when we were trying to buy some pay-as-you-go phones and had to go to several shops to find what we wanted.All in all, we had a nice place to go back to each day, the management at The Mansions was helpful and we liked the area. We'd all stay there again (hopefully the beds will be replaced by ones kinder to our poor backs by then!).Oh, and return transportation to Heathrow upon checkout is available with advance planning, but it is costly. We took advantage of it and didn't regret the price for the convenience.	
Jan 27 2008 	really good london accomodation	my family and i went for a christmas shopping and sightseeing trip to london last december. since it can get really expensive for 5 people staying in london and the quality of hotels often varies a lot we all for sudden decided to rent an apartment.and... we loved it! the area around earl´s court is just what you expect from going to london...nice area, nice houses, safe, 3 supermarkets around, pubs, restaurants...just decent.tube connections are also very good...we stayed in the 6th floor and had a really nice view over london since there aren´t a lot of high rise buildings in this area. the apartment was very cosy, nicely furnished and also bathrom and kitchen just like home. only the beds and the mattress were not so good and the duvets a bit old. but nevertheless we really really enjoyed going there and i am very happy to have now a place where to go and stay in london at a reasonable price.for us as a family it was much more cheaper and also more convenient staying at the mansions than going to a hotel.	
Jan 9 2008 	Just like Home	Our family of 5 adults stayed in The Mansions Apartments for a week in early December. The 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment was wonderfully appointed with everything you need eg washing machine, dishwasher. Internet access is included. The apartment was spacious. It was located near 2 tube stations and a great variety of food shops are within easy walking distance. The tube stations gave you access to all the sights. After a big day exploring London coming back to this apartment was like coming home.	
Sep 5 2007 	Good location so-so apartment	My husband, myself and our two children stayed at the Mansions for 9 days in July. They had arranged a complimentary driver service to pick us up from Heathrow which was very nice and convenient. The building is on a very busy street (Earls Court Road) and close to many restaurants, cafes and two supermarkets. It's a 2 minute walk from Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Foods (a smaller version of the regular Marks and Spencers) which has excellent food. It is also within a few minutes walk from Earls Court Tube. It is quite easy to get to most of the London attractions by tube or bus. Kensington is about 10 minutes by tube or bus. We had a two bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment on the 6th floor. We were quite disappointed with the apartment at first because it was not as modern and well furnished as I had seen in the photos on the internet. The kitchen was a little dated and not remodeled as nicely as some of the other apartments in the same building. We saw a few other apartments with very nicely remodeled kitchens with granite counter tops and new cabinets (some other guests showed us theirs). So I would recommend asking for a newer remodeled apartment when you book, if that is important to you. The reception desk was quite helpful and helped us book tours and theatre tickets etc. They also took messages because the phone in the apartment did not have an answering machine, which was inconvenient because we often came home after the reception office had closed and couldn't get our messages until the next day. Our living room was nicely decorated and had a small TV and a dining table. If you need a DVD player, you have to ask and they will bring one to you. The size of the apartment was good for our family. Our two kids shared a bedroom with 2 twin beds (you have to request this otherwise I think that you get one double bed in each bedroom). We had a washing machine in the kitchen which was extremely complicated to use. It was a combination washer/dryer. The man from the front desk had to come up twice to help me with it. Overall, we had a good stay and I would recommend the Mansions. If you can't walk up stairs, or you have a fear of small elevators (like me), request a low floor. I forgot to ask and our apartment was on the top floor (6th). I lost several pounds walking up and down those stairs.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great Location - Great for families	We have just returned (with our two teenage sons) from our first trip to the UK staying a week at No. 1 The Mansions. Totally delighted with our two bedroom, two bathroom apartment.It was clean with a well equipped kitchen. Extra bedding and heaps of fluffy pillows were provided. (No such thing as a flat pillow at The Mansions) Although not air conditioned we were able to open our windows as apartment faced onto cute court yard with very little traffic noise. Fans were provided for bedrooms.Felt it was in a great location as only a short walk to Underground. From apartment via Underground to central London took only 20 minutes. Several small supermarkets were close by but Tescos was a fairly long walk but worth walking as a lot cheaper. Staff were friendly and helpful. If we ever return to London would definitely stay there again. Thanks The Mansions for a great stay in London.M Wethey	
May 31 2007 	Grandchildren Loved The Apartment (and London)	From the moment we walked in to the apartment we were happily surprised. So many times the pictures you see on line are not what you get. The flat was exactly as pictured - even better. I was not thrilled that it was Flat 13 - but now 13 is my favorite number. Took my two teenaged grandchildren for their first trip to London and couldn't have found a better place to stay. Immaculately clean, comfortable, roomy and very convenient.I would recommend No. 2 the Mansions to anyone who HATES hotels and loves London.	
Jan 22 2007	Great for Families	We are a family of 6 (7yrs,5yrs,2yrs and 10 months) and stayed at the Mansion in mid December 2006. We highly recommend The Mansions for any large families staying in London. We were more than impressed with the standard of the apartments for the price we paid. We were upgraded to a 3 bedroom on arrival (although the third bedroom was not needed) at no extra charge. (one double bed in the main, 3 single beds and a baby portacot in the large 2nd room, and 2 single beds in the 3rd).. We loved the new kitchen with washing machine,dryer, dishwasher,toaster,electric kettle,microwave,oven,fridge/freezer and cooktop,wine glasses,plates,bowls and all the cutlery and cookwear you need. We had a small but nicely decorated en-suite with toilet, sink, bath and shower.The lounge/dining room was furnished to a high standard including a T.V and hi-fi system. The apartments are central heated.The service was friendly and the staff were very helpful. You are able to book tours and transfers in thier office.Our room was cleaned everyday, beds made and dishes put in dishwasher for us etc) which was great as always nice to come back to a tidy apartment after a long day sightseeing!The only down side is it is a VERY LONG walk from Hyde Park area (as we found out - those maps can be deceiving!) but the nearest tube station is only a 5 min walk.If you are not up for cooking on holiday there are plenty of fast food place on your doorstep (Burger King, KFC etc) and also a few supermarkets and a chemist. (no more than 3 mins walk)Really loved the Mansions and would be sure to stay there next time! BOOK IT...You will love it!	
Jul 8 2006	Much better than hotels!	My GF and i stayed at the mansions late march through early april in a 2 br top floor apt., as said before, it is an old building, well kept and attentive staff. The cleaning people could not be more helpful and respective. We did experience the lift being down twice during the stay but we are two healthy adults and the stairs were actually interesting in the decoration. Everything you need is right around the corner, groceries in small shops, 2 major food stores a short walk away, a great little french bakery with coffee that would please an American taste. Just a very short walk to the Earls Court Tube, Don't bother with renting a car, no parking spaces and the tubes will get you anywhere. They do not provide coffee makers but have heating water pitchers, i brought a percolator from the US (stove type) and never regretted it.the rest was supplied and plenty, the kitchens are fully equipped less a few things one can work around. For two people and since I like to cook, it was a delight. Beds were comfy. Plenty of hot water, 2 bathrooms, one with tub/shower. I agree, the area was safe, fun, and convenient. My bill was exactly as stated, no shocks(8 nights- 1500 us). All in all a very pleasant stay and would gladly stay there again.	
Jan 30 2006	Love London/Mansions decent	I love London. My family of 8 just got back from a trip where we rented a flat at The Mansions #1 apartments at 219 Earl's Court Rd. from 1/11 through 1/22. The flat was very nice and spacious, for the most part. We were able to rent a 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom flat with a complete kitchen, dining room and living room. Two rooms had twin beds and the other 2 had double beds. There was plenty of closet and drawer space. Only one room, which was a double-bed room off the back of the kitchen with a bathroom across the hall, was rather small. But it was bearable. We were a 5 minute walk from the Earl's Court underground. There was a Mark Spencer's Simply Foods just across the street and down a couple of blocks. There was also an Internet lab nearby. And there is a bus stop right in front of the building. My complaints are very minor &amp; things we were obviously able to live with. First, we could not get the washer/dryer unit to work. It was one machine and was supposed to go directly into &quot;dry&quot; mode once it finished washing. It took over a day to wash a small load of clothes. We even asked our maid for assistance and it still took forever. Second, our maid never vacuumed. I think our flat was vacuumed one day out of the 10 days we were there--two days before we left. Not that we are messy people, but it would have been nice to have the place vacuumed more often. We also had to ask the maid to leave us some bars of soap for the sinks, as well as toilet paper. Towels were usually pretty well stocked though. We had issues with the heater not working the first night and we had some problems with the water as well, but we reported it to the office &amp; they got it fixed pretty quickly.The Mansions sent a car to pick us up from Heathrow for free, and they arranged taxis to take us back to Heathrow at the end of our stay. That was a little frustrating too because The Mansions quoted us one price for the taxis, but once we got to the airport, the drivers charged us a few pounds more. I don't know if they were including their own tip, but it was frustrating as well because all 3 drivers said they did not have change. So we ended up &quot;tipping&quot; even more. I regret not going through one of the rental agencies on londontown.Over all, our stay was very nice and comfortable. I would stay at The Mansions again and would recommend it to others.	
May 20 2005	The Mansions Apartments @ Earl's Court were great!	In August 2001, we stayed 4 nights on the top floor in a corner 2-bedroom apartment. The apartment was clean and well kept. Located a two minute walk from the Earl's Court Tube, it was ideally situated for trips into London. The local pubs were a lot of fun with a wide range of friendly patrons. Highly recommended!	
May 29 2004	Spent 2 months at the Mansions	We rented a 3 br flat at No. 2, The Mansions on Earls Ct. Road for 2 months (Feb &amp; March 2004) as my husband was on business in London. The flat was quite roomy and very clean. Since the building is quite old, there were many things that did not work quite right - a cabinet door fell on my head, we were without heat 3x, the washer did not work, etc....but the maintenance staff was very prompt and worked hard to fix the problem as soon as they could. They are in the process of refurbishing the units, so this should take care of the problems. The cleaning staff was excellent also. We had a different experience as we homeschool our children, so spent quite a bit more time in the flat than most tourists. The neighborhood seems quite safe. I walked alone after dark and never felt uncomfortable. The tube station is a 5 minute walk (VERY important in the winter) and there are several small groceries nearby. The library was right around the corner so we made good use of it. We especially enjoyed all the restaurants nearby - especially Kings Kebob House just around the cornerI would definately stay here again. Be sure to ask for a flat on the ground floor as the stairs are quite steep and there is no lift in No. 2	
