Sep 10 2009 	Fantastic start to 'Baby Abode'	I do a lot of travelling with my work as a web designer, meeting clients, going to conferences etc, and finding somewhere that you can trust to deliver so you can forget about the aggravation of potential dissapoint is paramount to any successful trip, at least in my opinion.For the last 18 months I have been usng Abode Hotels ( http://www.abodehotels.co.uk ) as they have never failed to deliver, so when needed for a recent seminar in London i checked their website above as i always do (should probably save those numbers by now right!?) and discovered that they now in fact have a new 'range' of hotels, if you can call it that, i guess its just a re-brand of some description, and Sydeney House in Chelsea is the first in this line for them.I'm pleased to say that the hotel was beautiful, the staff very helpful and courteous (i hate bad manners above anything else) and in general i enjoyed my stay greatly.I think the point of the 'Baby Abode' is to provide hotels in less congested areas, the side roads that people dont generally bother, and personally, for me, it worked, and i would happily visit there again.I'm a Somerset man, so when i visit London i'm pleased that i now have a refuge from the chaos!But on a serious note, a very pleasant stay was had, and i recommend to those that can afford it, as, although not aimed at the lower-end market, they do deliveron value for that money.	
Sep 6 2009 	Small but perfectly formed	Spent 2 nights at hotel as birthday treat.... and it was! Loved everything about it, room, bathroom, gorgeous big comfy bed, big opening windows and balcony overlooking street.The staff were lovely and the room service quick, friendly and efficient. The public rooms were chic and stylish. The only problem now is that I don't want to try anywhere else....!	
Aug 29 2009	A real gem in a great location	What you see on the website is what you get! This is a really lovely small hotel in a great location. A stone's throw to South Kensington tube on one side and King's Road, Chelsea on the other. Lots of cafes, shops and restaurants in close proximity.OK, our room wasn't huge but this was more than made up by the comfort factor. Beautifully decorated with fine quality fixtures and fittings...including luxurious bed and linen. Also, the staff were friendly and unfailingly helpful.I have stayed in places in London costing more and offering far less. We got a great rate by booking ahead online, and were not disappointed in any way.This is a stylish abode without the price tag or formality that often goes with it. A rarity in London! Any time I am in London again I wouldn't hesitate to rebook.	
Jul 18 2009 	Clean 	A compact hotel. Staff were welcoming and helpful. Hotel easy walking to the Kings Rd, the Royal Brompton Hospital and five minutes to South Kensington underground station. The negatives: The complimentary map was inadequate with advertising obscuring areas close to the hotel which was located at the edge of the map. A complimentary PC in the public area was useful and necessary for finding information regarding the underground train drivers strike, weather, theatre etc; this substituted for a concierge service. Our double room was very cramped, (there was barely room for the empty suitcases) but clean and fresh. Bed and pillows, duna good quality and very comfortable. Bathroom shower over the bath, inadequate surfaces for personal toiletries. We thought expensive compared to 4 star hotels in Singapore, Australia but probably fair for London.	
Jun 17 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Great Neighborhood	This was a perfect base for our 2 week trip around London. It was outside the city but it was SO easy to get downtown. A quick walk a block away to the tube station and your there. The neighborhood was fantastic, safe and clean. We strolled down the street at 1 am with no problems. There are also several fantastic restraunts only a few steps away. A great pub, an Italian place, and a Thai place. The room itself was good sized for London and the bedding was very plush and comfortable. We have reservations again for this year!	
Apr 19 2009 	bit of a find	Stayed one night here when we had to come to London for a friends birthday party. Location is great - just a short walk from South Kensington tube; close to restaurants, shops and bars. Our room had secondary glazing and black out blinds so room was quiet, and lovely and dark so no trouble sleeping during night. Bed was really comfortable with lovely crisp white sheets and bedding. Ok so room was quite small but we weren't spending a lot of time in the room and everything we did want was there. Bathroom is also compact but stylish. Breakfast in basement room was really nice - great coffee and fast and efficient service. The absolute selling point however is the fantastic room rate. I think you would be hard-pushed to get a room in a more comfortable, better-located hotel anywhere in London for this price. We have already booked for our next visit to London next month	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice place to stay.	We stied 5 days at this charming hotel in Chelsea. This hotel is your 'house' during London stay: the room are very confortable with an essential bath, all with a good minimal design; the location is very good, near central line metro station in fashion quarter like chelsea; the staff is very kind and helpful. We reccomend this place for a romantic escape in London.	
Mar 29 2009 	A relaxing place to get away from the city	Sydney House is a short walk from the South Kensington Station, giving you easy access to the city. The hotel staff are wonderful; very helpful with bags and room service. Rooms at Sydney House are small, even by London standards. If you are a sensible traveler you will not have a problem adjusting to the size. The rooms have a modern, minimalist look and feel. The duvet-covered beds are wonderful to come home to after a long day in the city. Sydney House is a fabulous place to stay when visiting London. It is clean, modern, fresh and most importantly, relaxing.	
Feb 25 2009 	pleasant hotel	Stayed in this hotel recently and quite enjoyed it. The location is excellent - an easy walk to the tube station - a very pleasant street near Kings Road and Fulham Road. The hotel is modern inside and nicely decorated. I would have a liked a little more space and I think the rooms are just a little cramped - every inch is used up and you really don't have much room to move around. The hotel is spotless and the staff friendly and pleasant. One gripe - I was woken up by noise overhead at 7.30 - I realised the room above me was being cleaned and I felt it was a little early to start hoovering.	
Feb 8 2009 	Can't beat it!	The perfect base from which to enjoy Kings Road, Chelsea, South Kensington, museums (V&amp;A, Natural History, Science) etc etc. Hotel is charming, rooms modern and spotless (I can recommend number 11), nothing's too much trouble for the staff, the location's excellent ... and all at a fantastic price! We'll definitely be back!!!	
Dec 6 2008 	Great Place to stay	Sydney House was recommended by a girlfriend of mine as a perfect little hotel. She loved the comfort, the security and friendliness of the staff. I found it exactly as such. Very convenient for a single lady traveller - no big lobbies crowded with strangers.Wonderfully appointed room, very comfortable bed, nice clean modern bathroom- everything a girl needs.Staff were very helpful yet not intrusive over attentive. Not to mention perfect location and great neighbourhood.Will go back there for sure.	
Oct 19 2008 	Just brilliant!	I loved that place.The room was spotless and had internet access, the breakfast was very nice (real french croissant and bread!) , and the bed was SO confortable! The design of the bar and lobby area creates a peacefull atmosphere.The place is globaly perfect for corporates, but if I plan to come with my family, I wouldn't chose another place. I have been really touched by the devotion of the staff. I stayed almost two weeks there and I felt like coming back home every nights. The Reception team was very attentive and helped me finding the right places for diner among the multitude of restaurants you can find in the area. They had answers to any of my requests.Vojin and Pierre, the two hotel managers are both very charming and smart. I am looking forward to visiting them again very soon!I also found the rooms maids very friendly and discreet.I have nothing negative to say about this place. Chelsea remains my favorite area in London (safe and nice) and Sydney House Chelsea Hotel is definitely my best.	
Sep 1 2008	Disappointed in the end	I was thinking a while whether I should submit this review, but I thought I would let the community know.As most of the previous reviews stated, this is a nice little hotel in a comfortable location in Chelsea. Lots of nice shops and restaurants (don't miss the Bibendum for the lunch -excellent value for a superb lunch!) nearby.The room is small but nice and the bed excellent. As colours are bright, wear and tear shows slightly, but it is not an issue yet. As we were staying on vacation, we skipped breakfast and opted for the various cafes instead- always much more atmospheric. Overall, I would say the price is OK for the quality.And here comes the dissapointing part. After we departed, we realized on the airport express train that we have left our fairly valuable photo equipment in the lobby. Fairly relaxed, we phoned the hotel where they said they have not seen it. (The lobby is cca 20sqm in front of the reception desk.) They said they have not seen it, and I asked to check again. When phoning back to check, the receptionist again stated they have not found anything. When pressed that we were sure it was left there, he said &quot;if something is lost, the staff is always the first to blame&quot;. When I said we did not blame anyone he apoligised and promised to call us back after they have checked it. That never happened.I am not saying anything wasstolen (Someone might hav esnatched it without the receptionist seeing it) I am saying that we did not get back what we have left there and staff were not very helpful.I am said also because otherwise I probably would have returned on our next trip.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great chic hotel	Stayed in this hotel just the one night, what a great wee spot to stay. It's a real boutique hotel, small and squeezed into a large town house type building in the middle of Chelsea. Everything about the hotel is small and dinky from the reception to the bar to the rooms but all is a super standard.Rooms are extremely modern with great decor and plasma TV etc, very small room but who spends much time in their room when visiting London. A great base to sightsee London from. One small drawback is the distance from the tube, it is a 10 or 15 minute walk, which is not too bad I guess.We got a really good deal on a Sunday night for £99, which is great for a London hotel of this standard. Normally the rooms are around £200.NOTE : For anyone visiting or attending the Royal Bromptom Hospital this could not be more convenient, 2 minute walk down the road. Also visit the farmers market nearby for handy meals.	
Jun 29 2008 	Small but Suave	First impressions are very good, chic and elegant but comfortable. Overall a very pleasant stay and highlights are: beds, bathrooms fittings, breakfast (ours was light continental included in price) was excellent. Could be improved by not scrimping on toiletries (we had one soap for both sink and shower and they did not replinish shampoo over a 2 night stay) and providing tea/coffee making facilities in rooms. We stayed in Premier Deluxe Room and it was VERY small - shower was like being in a tiny box. The one thing we were very disappointed in was the reception staff - didn't have any idea how we could get to Wimbledon Tennis tournament, in fact completely unaware it was on even though this was the biggest event that weekend! When we checked in didn't give any information about breakfast, etc and we had to ask. They were pleasant but obviously not from the area and had no idea of how to get anywhere!	
Jun 11 2008 	great hotelgreat location	Very low key hotel, all the staff are very friendly and helpful, never in your face, its like staying in your own home in London.It is only small , if you read the detail it is a proper London townhouse so don't be suprised and whinge on. Go uptown to Park Lane and pay £500 per night and be a nobody if require a table in your room.Rooms are good sized, not massive , but larger than your average New York cupboard.Great walks all around the hotel, great restaurants, Tom Aikens kitchen on Cale St is our favorite. My wife and I have stayed at the Sydney house on business and leisure numerous times over the last 2 years and will keep going back.	
Jun 2 2008 	Excellent and Modern	Really lovely hotel hidden away in ChelseaThis is an ultra-modern boutique hotel - lots of white and muted tones, my room had a huge bed and glass bathroom with power shower. The rooms really cannot be faulted for their fitments and decor, and are in really excellent order. My room did look like the picture on the website. I booked a premier double - which was still fairly small - some of the other standard doubles must be really small if this is the case!The hotel is really quiet for London which is also a bonus. My only drawback would be the lack of public areas - sometimes it's nice to unwind in a bar or lounge and although there are areas in reception, there's no dedicated space and therefore no atmosphere for this. There are, however, internet terminals and wifi which is useful and just three pounds for an hourAlso the lift is the smallest I have ever been in! I guess if you suffered from claustrophobia in lifts you would never get in it!The staff, however were very helpful - bags arrived very promptly as did room service. A really good find for central London and much better value than some of the worldwide chains which you can find in the area and often have really tired bedrooms and endless corridoors. Definitely will be staying again - lovely	
Apr 21 2008 	A wonderful find in busy Lon don	We stayed in the Sydney Chelsea Hotel over the easter weekend and it was a perfect find. The staff were very friendly, helpful and chatty from the moment we arrived. Our room was spacious (more so than I thought it would be from previous reviews) and light with a pristine appearance. The bed was the comfiest I ever stayed in and very hard to get of in the morning.Breakfast was also very tasty and worth the extra charge. I would recommend this place to anyone but bring an eye mask as the drapes are light and white for those sensitive to a bright early start.	
Apr 9 2008 	so so	We decided to stay at the Sydney House Hotel after having read the reviews on tripadvisor.Overall, our stay was fine, but defiently totally overpriced.When reading the comments saying that the rooms were small, we actually thought that it cannot be that bad. However, they are extremely tiny, in particular when using the room as a double rather than a single - then it might be tolarable. There wasn't even enough space to place 2 washbags in the bathroom.The other aspect was, that we did not find our room particularly clean and it wasn't cleaned very well during our four-day stay. If we had not paid such a huge amount of money for such a tiny room, it would have been fine if it had been classified as a three star hotel, however, it is classified as a four star hotel which we found a bit irritating...Anyway, if you like the Chelsea / South Ken area, and are maybe able to get a good rate, the Hotel is perfectly situated and suits a younger crowed.	
Apr 1 2008 	A pleasurable stay	This was a great hotel. The rooms are quite small but didn't bother us as we were hardly there! The bed was very big, and the pillows were really comfortable. Sydney House is located only 10mins walk away from the nearest tube station (South Kensington) and has several restaurants around the area. Our favourite was Carluccios, an italian cafe, which we went for breakfast a couple of times! It is located opposite the tube station.	
Mar 6 2008 	All Good Things Come in Small Packages	If all good things genuinely do come in small packages then Sydney House is one of them. The hotel is a charming bijou residence on an elegant road nestled between Kings Road and Fulham Road right in the heart of The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. The owners have renovated it to a very high standard and it is contemporary but very comfortable and very unpretentious. I stayed here for one night while on a business trip and felt very safe and relaxed. My room was bigger than I expected, expecially after reading a couple of reviews complaining the hotel was small. Yes the lift is tiny and the corridors narrow but the hotel is a converted house, if you are disabled this would be a problem but otherwise, how much time do you spend in a lift in a hotel? Personally I would prefer to relax in one of Sydney House's bright and spacious rooms which really are very well equipped with fabulous beds, a desk and chair, sofa and armchair, ample wardrobe space, bathrobes etc etc and a super shower room with powerful shower. My only complaint about the room was that there were no tea or coffee making facilites which I do like when I am away on business, if you are in the middle of writing a report you don't want to call down for room service.The reception area is small but comfortable but perhaps a little stark in decor but that is my personal taste. Breakfast was excellent, freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice, super toast and perfect scrambled eggs, crips bacon and plum tomato. On the night I stayed I had a late meeting and went back to the hotel. Some friends called me very late and asked me to meet up with them in Annabels. I left the hotel and didn't get back until around 2am. Even before I buzzed the door the night porter opened it and asked me if I would like a nightcap or anything. To contrast this with The Ritz where I have also stayed and returned after bieng out with friends, my husband and I were left standing locked out of the hotel for several minutes until the consierge let us in. Sydney House wins hands down for comfort and service but also for being incredible value for money. I paid £145 inc tax for my room and in this location that is a real bargin. I will definately stay here again and if I stay in the summer or for longer with my husband I will book The Room at The Top which has its own private roof terrace.	
Feb 28 2008 	The WOW Factor!	This hotel has the WOW factor! Myself and my partner stayed in the &quot;Room At The Top&quot; for a romantic weekend. Since staying at the hotel we have simply raved about this place to anyone that will listen. The hotel ... A classic clean chic look and occupying a townhouse means that you really feel that this boutique hotel is your home for the time you stay. The room ... The Room At The Top is stunning with views out over Chelsea. The large balcony has seating so that you can relax outdoors. One final thing to mention is the mattress, without doubt the most comfortable I've ever slept on! Service - Again, top-notch. The answer is &quot;yes&quot; - Ask for whatever you need and the staff will go out of their way to help. There just wasn't a downside to this place. If you can afford it and want to treat yourself look no further!	
Dec 5 2007 	Small room big bed	It's so difficult to find a hotel in London that ticks all the boxes. I can get so much more for £175 a night in any other city in England than I can in London, so I wasn't expecting the usual 4 star service. Sydney House scores pretty highly though. It's a good 3 star hotel. What lets it down is that everything (except the bed) is small in this hotel. The reception desk is barely a shelf; the lift only holds two people (and they have to be on pretty good terms with each other); the toilet in the bathroom was low enough to be a school toilet and the actual hotel room was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in.None of the hotel staff wear a uniform, or a namebadge, so it was tricky to work out who worked there and who was a guest. We were shown to our room, but no-one offered to carry our luggage, so we carried our own. No tip there then! There were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room, which was a shame as even the most basic of B&amp;B's provide this as standard. The very comfortable bed almost filled the entire room and only one of us could walk around it at any one time. Nice 'White Company' toiletries were provided as were bathrobes. Six pillows were provided, which was a nice touch so we could sit up in bed and watch tv. The tv reception was poor. The power shower was only powerful on the 'cold' setting. It was extremely difficult to maintain a constant temperature with the shower as it kept going hot and cold, and lost water pressure the hotter it got. The hairdryer wasn't powerful enough and got seriously hot. The soundproofing in the hotel seemed to be virtually non-existant, as I was woken in the night by someone in another room having a shower, and the noisy air conditioning seemed to be right next to our room. The breakfast system is not clear. Cereals, croissants, juice and coffee are included in the bill, although we didn't receive any cereal or croissants. We had the very good cooked breakfasts (which were freshly prepared and arrived within a few minutes of ordering).This hotel is nice and my stay was pleasant, but I probably won't stay here again. I can stay at a branded hotel for the same price that is nearer to a tube station, has a bigger room, a bath and tea-making facilities.	
Nov 14 2007	Lovely!	We spent three nights at Sydney House and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was small but well designed and very comfortable. The staff without exception were excellent in a relaxed, informal sort of way. It felt a bit like staying in a friends lovely home. Breakfast is not to be missed....it was delicious! Do not be tempted by the restaurant opposite the hotel. It was grim..	
Nov 5 2007 	Charming little hotel	We arrived on a short weekend/shopping trip expecting a bit more than your average hotel reading about it on the net. Boy, were we lucky. Very friendly, relaxed, somehow cool reception staff (did not know who's who there) received us in a most welcoming manner. Our room was a pure heaven - clean, slik, very comforable. Top quality finishings as expected.We spent most of our time shopping and walking around - convenient for Harrods, King's Road. Some very fancy - read expensive restaurants are in the vicinity of the hotel.After a very comfortable night, we had one of the most delicious breakfasts ever - I guess one can say it was a bit pricey, but then this was not a Greasy Joe's. Everything was fresh, just prepaired and 100% organic. We did not try the room service menu as we were busy all day and decided to eat out.Check out was just as smooth and taxi arrived on time. Very, very comfortable stay. This place is not for those in search of busy cocktail hotel bars, fitness clubs or crowds of people - we actually thought there were not too many guests around, but informed that the weekend was in fact a sell out. It appeared very calm there. We will always go back to Sydney House or search for similar hotel. Highly recommended.	
Oct 19 2007 	Town house boutique hotel in Chelsea	Sydney House is a small boutique hotel, originally a series of row townhouses, in the Chelsea district of London. It's centrally located and quite convenient to Harrod's and Harvey Nichols (about 10 minutes away by foot), and the tube (South Kensington station) which is five minutes away. The neighborhood is quite nice with upper middle class families. We stayed in a upgraded suite on the second floor consisting of a queen/king bedroom, a small business desk, an amoire/closet, and a small bathroom with a combination tub/shower and single sink. London hotel rooms are quite small compared to many cities, and I think what we had would be considered standard. Everything was very clean and modern, and the linens were topnotch Frette. The service we received was quite good, and the staff were very helpful and friendly. There is a free internet computer in the small lobby area in addition to wireless wifi. The room rates all include breakfast in the basement restaurant/dining area, and we had our choice of fresh baked breads/croissants, muffins, yogurt, fresh fruit/juices, and pancakes. The only problem we had was the noise generated by our neighbors above us--stilleto heels make a racket on wood floors at any time of the day. Next time we're in Londong we're going to book the top floor suite so we don't hear the giraffes again. Overall we had a pretty nice stay in the hotel and would recommend it for anyone looking for a very pleasant place at a reasonable price.	
Aug 25 2007 	Nice boutique hotel	Part of my quest for an ideal Chelsea hotel for my frequent London visits. The facade was being repainted and due to scaffolding was offered a rate of £150 per night so was worth a try. Rooms and bathroom on the small side but perfectly adequate and nicely furnished. Annoying squeaky floorboards. Very comfy bed. Location was ideal although be warned as this is a totally non smoking hotel. Worth a repeat? Maybe but still on the lookout for this ideal Chelsea hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	Classy and comfortable	We spent 3 nights at the Sydney House Chelsea and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. This is best described as a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel with just 23 rooms. There were 5 rooms per floor, although the floors were split-level (see below for more details). We paid $274 per night.The hotel is located just a block from the South Kensington Tube station. There are several pubs and restaurants within a block of the hotel. Not sure if it was just the poor exchange rate but it seems that Chelsea is on the more expensive side so restaurant costs are excessive: $50 for a small meal for two at the pub and $100 for a more fancy meal at the Italian restaurant directly across the street.The outside of the hotel is undergoing renovation. However it seemed to be quiet. Our room was on the other side of the hotel and was relatively quiet, although the windows were by no means soundproof and there were occasional car alarms and trucks that were quite loud.We stayed in room 23. When we arrived, the porter offered to take our luggage and escorted us to the elevator. This was truly the smallest elevator we've ever seen; no more than 3' on a side. We'll describe it as charming. Getting off the elevator, there were still steps up to the room. If you are staying here and don't like steps, make sure you inquire whether you are on a floor served directly by the elevator.The room was relatively small but very comfortable. There was a good size closet as well as a safe. The bathroom was clean and had a combined tub and shower. The shower was against an outside window, but there was privacy glass in between (although you may want to avoid late-night showers with the light on unless you want to give people outside a &quot;shadow show&quot;).The staff was very friendly and helpful. We didn't try the breakfast nor the room service, but the menu looked reasonable. The staff also offered to get any item requested if at all possible.We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Fantastic	The hotel is in a wonderful position for shopping and exploring, the staff were friendly and helpful and the room, although not huge was very well equipped. We spent 2 nights here in Feb 07as my husband had to have a biopsy at the Brompton hospital and this hotel was perfectly positioned within a couple of minutes walk. The room service was very good and the breakfast, although expensive for the amount you got, was excellent.There is a wonderful Thai restaurant on the corner of Sydney Street and Fulham Road - highly recommended.Would definitely go back.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Location Beautiful Space Excellent Overall	What a tremendous place to stay. We spent a long time searching for a small hotel with character, quality furnishings, a good location, and a comparatively moderate price…in London that's a huge task. In any case, this place was fabulous. The house the hotel is situatedin, the common area, the rooms – all perfectly maintained and attractive. The furnishings throughout are modern, incredibly clean. There's also free internet in the lounge area and posh bar.Reception was a bit awkward and occasionally left something to be desired. Our room, however, was like a dream. Seriously. One of the best hotelbeds I’ve ever slept in. Comfortable isn’t a strong enough adjective – we didn’t want to get up in the morning as the mattress and bedding combination was so spot on. There was a new flat screen TV inthe room, a safe, a hairdryer. and stellar room service (including well-crafted cappuccinos, btw), and the bathroom…ahh. Very, very nice. Heated towel rack, a beautiful, full bath –with a modern, frosted window in it that you can open and peak out of. Beautiful sink and glass countertop- all very high quality. Overall, this place really provides an obscene amount of quality and style for the rates (which of course, are still high). When you’ve been out all day (and as it turns out, often for much of the night) exploring the city, it’s a delight to come back to such an awesome place. I highly recommend it.	
Jun 11 2007 	We have found our London base!	My husband and I stayed at Syney House Hotel for our first London get-away after the birth of our son.We stayed only for one night, but the hotel delivered everything we expected and more.We had a 4th floor bedroom which was a little on the small side, but beautifully decorated/styled and very clean and presentable.Our room had twin beds pushed together so be sure to stipulate doubles if this bothers you. The bathroom was great and finished in glass/chrome, but with only a shower be sure to ask for a room with a bath if this is also important to you.The staff could not be faulted and the 'personal' feel of the place would mean we will be back for sure.The location is prime and in the middle of Chelsea, just off the fulham road, 5 mins walk from South Kensington tube station and the Kings Road.Breakfast was excellent, freshly cooked and delicious which coupled with the quiet dining room and Sunday papers finshed our weekend off perfectly.Forget the chains and give Sydney House a go!	
Dec 14 2006 	above and beyond	the sydney house is clean, well equipped, and staffed with attentive, dare i say lovely people. staying there is not your typical hotel experience. it's more like staying with friends. inga, in particular was extremely kind.when my family and i were there in october, we had a sick toddler. inga arranged for us to see a doctor, she hailed us cabs in the rain and when my husband realized we didn't have any cash, she lent him 10 pounds for the cab. later that night, inga brought my little girl a dvd to watch.my husband and i were a couple of stress cases. inga went above and beyond for us and we will never forget it.	
Dec 1 2006 	The Perfect Place to Stay in Today's London	Situated in two adjacent town houses on a quiet side street in Chelsea, the Sydney House seems to me the perfect place to stay in London. You are far enough from the tourist hordes to feel a part of the real city. At the same time, the South Kensington tube station (with its direct line to/from Heathrow) is just a short walk away and then all of London is within reach. The hotel itself is stylish and smart. My partner and I have stayed in both the standard and deluxe rooms. The standard is small and the deluxe not much larger, but both are so beautifully designed as to not feel cramped. The décor is starkly modern, while the original features of the rooms have been retained. I especially like the bleached, wide-plank floors and the luxurious bedding. Someone gave much thought to the remodel of these townhouses and it all works perfectly.My one caveat for North American tourists is that this is not “jolly old England.” A stay at the Sydney House puts you in the middle of the dynamic, up to date and fully European city that London is today. And that is just where I want to be. Needless to say, we are looking forward to return visits.	
Sep 14 2006	Nice to see Russians getting ahead	We really enjoyed this cute hotel. Beautiful sheets, TV, bathroom, appointments. Breakfast was a little confusing.An oasis in a beautiful part of the West End. Close to terrific food and drink.	
Aug 1 2006 	Wonderful small hotel great location	My partner and I stayed at the SH for 5 nights and overall it was a great experience. As it is a townhouse, it is predictably small but clean and stylish. The beds are very comfortable and the flat screen tv (with an available dvd library) were nice touches. The rooms were small, but we expected this in London. I did not get room service or eat in the breakfast room, so I can't speak to thier quality. We were there during a heatwave and I can attest to the fact that the a/c works well. One of our favorite aspects was the location. Chelsea is lovely and though it is residential, there are a fair number of shops, bars, and restaurants in the immediate area (Kings Road is the primary location for this). Another key factor is that the hotel is a 2 min walk from the tube station that connects to 3 different lines, which is incredibly convenient. The only negative was the fact that some of the staff acted like they were doing us a favor by working there. When we arrived we were greeted by blank stares as if they were somehow shocked that (aghast) guests were actually going to interrupt whatever it is they were doing. To be fair - there were some staff members who were very helpful and pleasant. It just depended on who was working that shift. All in all though, the postives outweigh the negatives and I would reccommend the hotel. One last note...check the hotel website for discounts that could be better than anything else you'll find on the web.	
Jun 29 2006	Contemporary boutique hotel with excellent location	Sydney House is a great boutique hotel with an excellent location and personalised service. The staff was very friendly and made dinner and theater reservations for us, as well as arrange transport pick up from Heathrow (for 65 GBP). The rooms are quite small, but I think that is the norm in London. I stayed at room #11, which has 2 balconies. Breakfast is expensive, but internet is far cheaper than any other hotels I have stayed at in London. I definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jun 26 2006	Not so special	Booked the Sydney House for a our twice yearly one night theatre stay based on previous reviews.The hotel is pleasant enough having been converted from a large Victorian Town House and has a modern, contemporary feel. Our room was on the 3rd floor at the rear and was VERY small with an even smaller bathroom (so small, the door had to be closed to move within it!) The two of us getting ready rfequired a lot of coordination to ensure we could both move around freely! Apart from the size issue, the rooms were well fitted out, quiet (at least at the rear of the property.....the frontage is onto a fairly busy road) and the beds very comfy. Because it is a converted house the floors also creak and the lift has been added as an afer thought....again so small that the two us crammed inside it whilst the porter ran and carried our luggage up the stairs to meet us! The service was, in hindsight, typical of a small, independant, boutique hotel.....very stuffy and not particularly freindly. Upon our arrival the reception clerk (who I later learnt to be the manager) looked down his nose at us and made us feel extremely unwelcome. When it was established that we did in fact have a reservation, he proceeded to treat me as if it was the first time I had ever been in a hotel, explaining in very terse terms that he required my credit card as a deposit for any charges. I am a young but extremely well travelled individual and although we may have booked via a discount agency and been looking &quot;casual&quot; for the trendy streets of Chelsea I did not appreciate being treated like a third class citizen! We did not sample the food/bar due to there seemingly being a small scale conference going on in there although we were not informed of this. Having said that, the room service menu did look quite appertising and reasonably priced.In summary, not a good experience for us and I hope it was just an off day for the staff. If you live with extremely confined spaces then it's fine but personally I will not be visiting again. In keeping with the location the hotel seems to be living off it's contemporary styling rather than its service and practicality and in my opinion there are far more superior rooms and staff within London	
Jun 26 2006	Nice hotel pleasant spot	Just got back from a three night stay in London at the Sydney House Chelsea Hotel. Tend to agree with everything that the reviewer said on 1 April. We had a similar room - the king deluxe on the first floor with the little balconies for £165 per night (booked via the hotel's website). Haven't stayed at other London hotel's so not sure if this is good value or not. The room was not large though well arranged. About 3 feet on one side of the king bed and about 6 feet on the other side. Flat screen tv on the wall, desk area and inbuilt couch. Nicely decorated - very subtle tones of creams and browns. Both my husband and I had laptops, so we appreciated the inroom safe big enough to fit the laptops. Managed to get unsecured wireless from a neighbouring office which was good. The bathroom was lovely but the shower head was so high I could not reach it and the water only came out in torrents. The area is fairly residential - definitely not in the heart of things. But, a gorgeous area to be in with some nice restaurants and shops nearby. We found we spent a lot of time on the tube getting to places we wanted to be. Overall, a very pleasant stay, but we didn't actually spend much time at the hotel other than sleeping.	
Apr 20 2006	Great boutique hotel - downside room noise	Modern boutique hotel. Perfectly presented rooms, good quality if expensive breakfast (£15 each incl. coffee, good, quiet (road noise wise) and convenient location. Friendly and helpful staff.Downside, showers that fluctuate from cold to scalding in a second and noise from rooms above (4th floor) as it seems they have wood floors and every chair movement and bed movement is amplified to rooms on the 3rd floor.	
Apr 1 2006	Subtlety Service Superb Location	I was very pleased to have stayed at Sydney House for two nights, March 28 - 30. My room was #11, a Premier Deluxe with a king bed. I paid 165 pounds per night, taxes included, which I reserved from the hotel's Web site.The room was on the first floor and featured twin Juliet balconies overlooking Sydney Street. It was one of only a very few that have external space. I'm not a smoker, but as this is a non-smoking hotel, these might come in useful for tobacco users!Service is unobtrusive and polite. Check-in and check-out were handled quickly and without complications, and the staff had arranged for me to go to the Aquila gym, with whom they have a partnership. All wake-up calls were executed precisely at the agreed time -- the wake-up call consists of classical music played over the phone. I did not dine at the hotel, nor visit their lobby bar.The room is well-insulated from the outside, but I could hear doors closing in the hall and voices in the room next to me. Given that all rooms have hardwood floors, I was lucky not to have heard footsteps above.There is no iron or ironing board in the room, however they will deliver them to the room upon request.The bath in room #11 is rather tight...one must squeeze around to door to access the commode. The shower is all you get -- no bath in this room, althought other rooms have both. Request ahead if you need to soak. Bath products are by The White Company. The design of the bathroom is, aside from its size, quite strikingly all-glass, and impeccably clean. In fact, the room as a whole was clean and in fresh condition.The location of the hotel is exceptional...walking- distance close to South Kensington tube station, Kings Road and Sloan Square shops and the V&amp;A/Natural History museum complex.I would stay here again without any hesitation.	
Jan 11 2006	Sleek sheik modern boutique	My partner and I stayed in the SYDNEY HOUSE for four nights in January of 2006. We booked the least expensive room, which was small yet comfortable. Accompanying photos are from rooms 40 and 41 on the fourth floor.This little hotel is ideal for those who enjoy modern design botique hotels. Every detail of the modern Euro-style design is methodically planned, and the attention to lighting makes small spaces seem larger. The hotel's online photos and marketing materials give a remarkably accurate picture of the feel of the hotel (see also my &quot;candid&quot; shots).Located adjacent to the sheik neighborhood of Chelsea (nearest &quot;tube&quot; stop is South Kensignton), the hotel is wonderfully situated for those who want to be outside of tourist-hell, yet in a neighborhood with an abundance of good restaurants and shops.Service is professional and friendly.I would like to award the hotel a perfect rating of 5, but the following imperfections make this a 4.5 rating:* Water temperature in shower fluctuates rapidly between cold and hot (be nimble or run the risk of getting scalded).* Housekeeping service fails to replinish soap bottles, even when they are empty.* The two bedside reading lamps are connected to same switch. If you're accustomed to stay up reading while your partner sleeps, you don't have your own light switch (we solved this problem simply by unscrewing one of the bedside light bulbs, but a flaw in design, nonetheless).Despite these imperfections, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 16 2005	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last week and it was such a pleasure - the staff were always smiling and willing to help. They managed to get us bookings at all the restaurants we wanted to eat, got us on the guest list to a club and even booked the theatre in advance for us - with amazing seats! Always friendly and aiming to please which made our stay even more comfortable - I'd recommend this place to anyone!	
Nov 22 2005	Many thanks to Tripadvisor	I spent hours reading reviews about hotels in London and discovered that the Sydney House was the perfect place for us. It is the kind of place that I could stay for several weeks. The accommodations were luxurious compared to some of the places we have stayed in London. The furnishings in the room as well as the public spaces were very tastefully done. The neighborhood is a little off the beaten path but in walking distance to the tube station. The shopping and restaurants in the area are upscale. All I can say is that I did not want to leave except that the prices in London are outrageous. We will definitely stay there again next time.	
Nov 19 2005 	Well Conceived	You'd be forgiven if you fail to notice the hotel at first glance. Set on a residential street a 5 minute walk from th South Kensington station, the hotel occupies 2 townhouses and blends seamlessly with the rest of the homes on Sydney street.Step inside and prepare to be surprised. The stark furnishings are more modern Scandinavian than Victorian British. Rooms are small as to be expected from hotels converted from townhouses, but the ingenious layout and minimalist decor keeps the rooms from appearing cluttered.Staff are generally friendly and helpful, especially with dining options in the area. An very pleasant and well run hotel. Will be back.	
May 31 2005	Very pleasant stay	Stayed at Sydney House for a whole week over Easter and had a lovely time. The room was on the small side but the bed was wonderful, so comfy. The only complaint was that I was woken up one night at 3am by other guests coming back to the hotel drunk. I called up the concierge and the person on duty quickly sorted it out. The staff were lovely and breakfast was good.	
May 24 2005	Sydney House - Great location good value	I just returned from a one night stay at the Sydney House. The location is perfect, both for spending time in Chelsea/South Ken (a very charming area in its own right, great for shopping and dining) and for commuting into the West End or the City via tube (Piccadilly &amp; Circle lines are a 3 minute walk away) or bus. I arrived at 9am from a transatlantic flight &amp; was immediately shown to the room, which was immaculate, very bright &amp; scandinavian in feel - all white linens and blonde wood, on the small side but it did have a king-sized bed. The front desk staff was very helpful &amp; friendly; the lobby was extremely quiet - I didn't see another guest during our entire stay, it really felt like we had the run of the place. We did hear a few people moving around in the morning, but other than that it was blissfully silent. We had a standard room overlooking the street, I was worried it would be noisy but it wasn't at all. Our bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in anywhere in Europe (five star hotels included)...very much in the spirit of the Westin Heavenly Bed if you're familiar - lots of fluffy pillows, divinely smooth sheets. The bathroom was tiny but very modern &amp; clean, the shower had excellent pressure though the temperature was a bit finnicky. The hotel's DVD library is small but a nice touch.We paid 140 GBP for our one-night stay, which I thought was very reasonable. Highly recommended if you are looking for an intimate hotel in a perfect London neighborhood!	
Apr 23 2005 	Great night's sleep!	The bed at the Sydney House was probably my favorite feature, crisp linens, fluffy pillows, and a warm down comforter make for an excellent night's sleep. Though the rooms are typically European (small) the modern decor and extras make the room quite cozy and comfortable. Our room was at the back of the building and fairly quiet. The location is excellent, just a 2 minute walk to South Kensington tube station with plenty of restaurants and shops within walking distance. Across the street from the tube station, Carluccio's restaurant is a decent food option. The staff was quite friendly and accommodating. The only complaint was that we quite clearly heard the guest in the room directly above us pacing around his room - around midnight, and the noisy toddler in the room next door. I would however stay there again, it's a nice alternative to the larger chain hotels.	
Apr 9 2005	A compact hotel in a great location.	Handy and well run hotel in a great location.Rooms are small but the decor is fresh and modern.Staff helpful.Great value for London(we booked through lastminute).ps. Superb Thai meal to be had within 100yds at Patara's on Fulham Road!.	
Mar 23 2005 	One of my favorites	I Love Sydney House.I travel very often for business and this is one of my favorites in the world.The best thing about the hotel is the service.I think their staff is one of the best prepared I've ever seen.Highly recommended and as long as you're in London have a dinner at Carpaccio just across the street.	
Mar 17 2005 	Neat and Tidy	Recently had a short 3 night stay here as attending conference nearby. The location is very good. However the rooms are rather small and overheated. A lack of storage space in the room also led to difficulities. However I amanged to get a very good rate so overall if I was going to stay in the same area again I would definitely look it up again. Check out its own website for good prices.	
Feb 2 2005	Lovely but watch out for parking	I have no complaints whatsoever with the hotel itself and all the other reviews have summed it up perfectly by saying it's charming, friendly and comfortable. No-one else seems to have mentioned the flat screen TV or DVD player which I found to be extremely fun and something different to the big chains of hotel. One thing I would say is that with the warm, family atmosphere comes the problem of hearing &quot;the family&quot; coming back into their rooms at night and leaving in the morning - but this isn't really a big issue. My main problem with this hotel was the lack of reasonably priced parking in walking distance - there's one car park which costs £50 for 24 hours, which I could not believe! The rest of the parking in the vicinity is for residents, so unless you only want to park between 10pm and 7am, I'd leave these spaces well alone. All in all, a lovely place to stay, but would travel down on the train next time!	
Jan 26 2005 	Finally! A perfect little hotel in London!	What a lovely surprise! I stayed at this very discreet hotel in a posh area of London hoping for the best, but knowing that London hotels don't always live up to their expectations. A brand new, spanking clean, cool hotel in an English towntouse. Beds are firm and fluffy (4 pillows!) and tastefully decorated. The massage shower was delightful after a late night on the town! The staff was wonderful, especially the very professional manager Vojin Mandic. Breakfast in the cosy breakfast room was beautifully served complete with newspaper to read. The best thing is that it's also reasonably priced. I can only sing high praise for this hotel, and advise readers to reserve early as it's very often fully booked.	
Jan 13 2005 	Very comfortable excellent location	I have just returned from 4 nights and felt very at home here. The rooms are very comfortable with excellent beds and stylish bathrooms. The room was also immaculately clean. There are no tea &amp; coffee making facilities and I paid £7 for each cup of tea (incl. room service charge)! The room service food is not too badly priced, but the healthy options are limited, examples are fish &amp; chips, spaghetti carbonara, chilli con carne etc. The standard double rooms are pretty small but fine for one person. The location is excellent, near the best London shopping areas of the Kings Rd, Fulham Rd &amp; Knightsbridge. Most of the staff were helpful &amp; pleasant, however unfortunately the lady on reception when I checked in was very offhand and unfriendly. I expect to return here when I'm in London in the future if I can get another discounted rate online.	
Oct 10 2004	Stylish hotel in stylish neigborhood - will definitely return!		
Sep 30 2004	fabulous stay at Sydney House		
Sep 17 2004	Cute little boutique hotel		
Jul 25 2004	Great little find		
Mar 28 2004	Small but Perfectly Formed		
Mar 20 2004	Almost Perfect		
Feb 17 2004	Love for the first side !		
Feb 5 2004	Little Gem		
Jul 19 2009 	????????????????		
Jun 3 2009 	super		
