Oct 3 2009 	Good hotel but for the premium you pay they need to try harder	Arrived expecting the very best experience and frankly I didn뭪 receive it.Summary Excellent location Well decorated Good ambience generally Comfortable beds Small rooms Even smaller wardrobes Hotel bar full of non-residents who work locally Excellent breakfast Concierge is excellent At times unpredictable serviceI checked in just after 5pm and the receptionist took me up to my room, wow was I under whelmed, small, dark and worst of all window looked into back of the building with builders rubbish right outside my window. At 400 a night, not what I expected.The receptionist still standing at the door could tell I wasn뭪 happy and tried to placate me by frankly lying and apologised suggesting the builders had just arrived, clearly they had not and clearly she knew I wasn뭪 going to be happy. Only until I told her in no uncertain terms that I wasn뭪 happy that the penny finally dropped and she offered to find me another room.We went back to reception, as I was keen to get changed to go out to dinner that night, I went with her to reception to get a another key, she kindly offered me a complementary coffee but all I wanted was a room. They clearly knew people would object to that room, so why try and palm it off on guests. Anyway after another 10min wait finally we went up to another room, which was better (see picture). By this time I was really late and had a rush to get ready. As I started to unpack my bag, she started saying if there was anything else the hotel could do etc꿬t suddenly dawned on me she was literally standing looking for a tip! I couldn뭪 believe it. In most good hotels I don뭪 mind particularly if the receptionist shows you how various things in the room work etc. None of that and after having wasted almost 30 mins and a lot of inconvenience she was looking for a tip, which I ignored. I asked her to send the butler up to press a shirt for that evening as I now had little time. About 5 mins past and no butler, I phoned the operator and they sent one, who did a brilliant job and brought the shirt back after about 10mins.As I was changing I realised there was no glass or tumbler in the bathroom, yet again phoned down and asked for someone to put a glass in the bathroom when I went to dinner. Throughout getting changed I had a couple hotel staff knocking on my door thinking it was someone else뭩 room, again not good.Finally I was ready and went to the bar to meet a colleague, it was 6.15pm and both bars were very busy, I literally managed to get the last seat in one of the bars, but I suspect that around70% of those people were actually non-residents as there was a door straight outside, again after spending a reasonable room rate leaving it to pure luck to get a seat didn뭪 impress me.After dinner at a nearby restaurant I got back to my room to find the duty manager had left me a very nice Lauren Perrier bottle of champagne on ice to apologise for the inconvenience when I arrived, which was a good gesture in the circumstances and a glass had also been placed into the bathroom.I used the overnight show shine service which they nicely box up when the return it in the morning. However I don뭪 think they actually cleaned the shoes, they made it look as if they had but I don뭪 think they did. When I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in London a couple of years ago I did the same thing and the shoes came back as if they were new. This time it was different; they looked exactly the same as I had remembered them the night before.Breakfast was excellent the next dayOverall I expect much better, the rooms are seriously small and one of the previous reviewers mentioned the lack of wardrobe space so I was aware. However it was only me and only for one night. My king room effectively only had one side of small cupboard for hanging space which isn뭪 much but doesn뭪 worry me but it might others who are staying longer. The location and breakfast were excellent and the hotel itself in terms of decoration is excellent as it뭩 newly renovated. I liked the hotel I just think the service and that뭩 what your paying a premium for here was at best unpredictable at times. I will stay here again once more in the next few months but if it뭩 not improved I won뭪 be back after that.	
Sep 19 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	I stayed at the Connaught twice last week, once when I arrived from the US and once before I left. I have stayed at some of Europe's finest hotels and I have to say that the Connaught is right up there at the top. I cannot think of one negative thing. From the doorman to the front desk, perfect. My room was not quite ready so delightful Monica set me up with some complimentary glasses of champagne in the bar while it was readied. I am in the restaurant business and the Coburg Bar is truly inspirational, every drink made with such precision! Mark Jenner the bar manager and his staff are superb. Room service, steak frites was delivered by butler, no signing of tabs, no pressure, excellent. When I arrived back 5 days later, I was greeted by name as I got out of the cab. The neighborhood was very nice, but I decided not to even leave the hotel, just perfect. I cannot wait to return.	
Sep 16 2009 	One of the best	stayed here a couple of times in 2009; both on business and with my wife.the connaught is definitely one of the best hotels in London.friendly staff + warm welcome (with chocolate, fruits etc. up to a butler)comfortable rooms, offering enough space and very quietlocation is toprestaurant and bars: excellent food/drinks, service and atmospherethe only minus: small bathrooms, even in a deluxe room you'll get one sink and a bath/shower in one...to make it a real 5* + hotel experience, it lacks a spa and gym...but they are constructing a new wing with a spa etc. For now, the illuminata spa (5 minute walk) is a great alternative.	
Sep 15 2009 	Always meets and exceeds expectations	This is our &quot;family hotel&quot; and we have been staying here for three generations. The service is excellent throughout. We wondered if the refurbished Connaught would be the same and I have to say that for the most part, it is. The rooms are small - smaller than I recall, but the beds are still some of the most comfortable of any hotel in the world. I have to say I think the bathroom vanity is too large and the space between it and the shower is a tad narrow.The public rooms are really lovely. The Connaught Bar (which used to be the family's ground floor suite back in the day) is nicely done and Helene Darroze has simply outdone herself - if you get the opportunity, I would highly recommend the restaurant.I would go back in an instant.	
Sep 9 2009 	The best service you will ever receive	The Connaught was the perfect London experience. From the concierge that would arrange anything for you 24/7 (&quot;Andrew at the Connaught&quot;), to walking outside the hotel strolling in Mayfair and Oxford and Bond streets, to having your shoes shined or trousers pressed (and taken up without asking!), or enjoying high tea. Breakfast was also very fresh and personal.Service here is the key stand out - they even packed our bags when we left! However, it is expensive (albeit on par with other hotels in the area) and the rooms are small.Ask for the John Lobb shoe shine.	
Aug 27 2009 	Loved the public areas but bedrooms are too small	This hotel has a perfect location, wonderful bars and restaurants, very helpful staff and good bathrooms but the bedrooms really let it down. We had a &quot;deluxe King&quot; bedroom which was unbelieveably small. It was extremely cramped, had no easy chair, no hanging space to hang anything more than about 4 shirts, and none of the sense of style that you would expect from a hotel of this calibre. For the same price you'd get a room in Claridge's which is twice the size and with much better soundproofing. I think if you are going to stay here, you'd be best opting for a junior suite which is about the size of a standard room in Claridge's. It's a great pity that the rooms are so small because the hotel itself is very attractive and the service is very personal.	
Jul 3 2009 	Superb!	Following its recent renovations gave the Connaught a try. Very pleasantly surprised. The renovated guest rooms are of high quality, albeit tiny by any standard. Still, the size of the guest room, and the requirement to stand in the bath tub to take a shower are not the reasons to choose this hotel. There are other London hotels that do the rooms better. Rather, its the service and location one pays for at the Connaught. And its worth every penny. Not the best Front Desk staff. But, Concierge, Butlers and Restaurant staff cannot be beat. Breakfast is the best ever. Anywhere. At any price. The Concierge, Andrew, has got to be one of the top Concierge's anywhere. They just get it right. Rates represent good value for arguably London's top hotel.	
May 6 2009 	Utter British perfection 	November 2008 stay was magnificent. The refurbishment has done wonders. So chic, so elegant. The mahogany staircase is breathtaking. The room was large and so tastefully decorated. Matter of opinion of course, but in my mind the location in the heart of Mayfair can't be beat. Hotel staff couldn't be more lovely. We had a ton of special requests/needs and every single one was executed on flawlessly. We weren't disturbed at all by construction noise nor did we see any evidence of construction?? but it was a weekend, so perhaps they weren't working.	
May 2 2009 	Fabulous Service and beautiful renovations	Just stayed at the Connaught for 3 weeks - service was extrordinarily attentive, courteous, helpful and gracious.Lunch and dinner reservations were arranged at Michelin starred restaurants, an excellent black Mercedes 600 and British born driver named Charles from Grosvenor Chauffeurs was put at my disposal for any sightseeing trips I wanted to make outside of the City, the butler unpacked and put away all my clothes for me, as well as ironing anything that had gotten wrinkled, went to the drugstore when I had a cold and got me cough syrup, etc., etc.The hotel itself, if you like traditional crown moldings, baseboards, gorgeous flowers and a beautiful wood staircases fit for royalty - is a delight. All white marble bathrooms with heated towel racks, high thread count linens on the comfortable beds, twice daily housekeeping service, a coffemaker in the room with every possible amenity, bottled water by the bedside at night, your choice of morning newspapers, it all really is a treat.It almost feels as if you are in someone's country home rather than a 90 room, 6 story hotel.The hotel has not finished its remodel entirely yet - and I suspect it will not all be done until the end of the year, depsite their rather optimistic (and already once revised) projections now of being finished in the fall.Ask for a room or suite on the first or second floor where the ceilings are the highest -- and facing Carlos Place, where you have a tiny bit of a view of the triangular courtyard in front of the hotel.Expect to pay BIG money for a good suite, which are the better sized of the accomodations, about 450 square feet for a deluxe junior suite which is one big room - or slightly larger for a Carlos suite which is a small bedroom and small living room, buit both havinbg lovely furniture.... Grosvenor Suite may be your best bet, if you can afford it.The rooms themselves are SMALL, so if you arer bargain hunting, and the if the room is one of the less expensive ones - you may get the tinest one you've ever seen with a very low ceiling and a view of the building next door.It is worth it to stay here if you are willing to spend the money. Better than any of the other 5 star hotels around, which are older hotels direly in need of major renovations - and that mans more than new carpet and paint. Don't be fooled by names like The Dorchester or The Lanesborough or Claridge's. You'll be much happier here at The Connaught if quality is what you are looking for, rather than just a big impersonal lobby.Food for breakfast, lunch and afternoon tea was excellent, as was the service that accompanied each meal in the gloriously window-filled, linen-table clad, orchid decorated Espellete.	
Apr 21 2009 	Puts the Great Back in to Great Britain	Everything Cool Brittania should stand for in the 21st Century. The best of British history brought bang up to date with taste. Supeb staff offering atention to detail. I visited prior to the refit and the perfect personal serive and impecable attention to detail remain. Not all rooms are large, but all have the highest quality of craftsman finish. Meet in the conservatory for a stylish breakfast.	
Apr 20 2009 	Shame about the scaffolding 	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Connaught Hotel, in the lovely district of Mayfair, W1. At 295 plus VAT per night it isn't cheap - and my expectations were high. Unfortunately, we had problems. The room (we were in room 420) was ok, but not what I would call 5 star - it might make a 4 star. I had read that the Hotel had been recently refurbished, but could not be sure that ours had been! The small window to our room looked out onto scaffolding, but we didn't comment on that at the time. On reflection, I wish that we had, as we might have been moved. Service in the hotel is fast very good, although the personal butler is little more than a gimmick. She visited us once when we arrived and we never heard from her again. Food in the hotel is excellent - the breakfast will last you the whole day. We booked dinner in the hotel for Sunday evening, and this too was excellent (expensive, but that was expected.. it is after all 5 star Michelin rated cuisine!). What we had not expected following our late night on Sunday was being woken at 8am on Monday morning by builders directly outside of our window. When I say directly outside of, I mean exactly that. I looked out of the window in my nightwear to see what the noise was, and a builder looked directly back at me - less than 4 feet away. We called reception to complain, and the duty manager apologised and offered 50% off our 2nd night rate - and told us that she would request the builders work elsewhere, and guaranteed that the noise would stop. The noise continued, loud hammering and banging, and when we called back to report this again at 8.50 am the duty manager was unavailable (apparently in a meeting). We gave up, got up, and went to reception. I have to say they were very fair and apologetic, and they deducted a night's stay from the final bill. This, however, was not really the point. Far preferable for them to warn guests that there would be building noise when a booking is made for a room that is affected by it - rather than to wait for a complaint before acting upon it. I was very disappointed that a 5 star hotel would take bookings in this manner, without prior warning.Overall, a nice hotel - and the food is excellent. However, I think the awarded 5 stars are for the cuisine, and not for the rooms. I've stayed in better 4 stars, I have travelled extensively, and never before experienced builders outside of my window in the early hours of the morning! OK, we had one night refunded which was a fair gesture, but I'd have preferred the whole experience to have lived up to my expectations. Being refunded was not the issue. Disappointed, and would not recomment - except for the food.Overally - Disappointing for a 5 star. But great cuisine.	
Mar 19 2009 	Loved the Connaught	The Connaught is the ultimate of London luxury! A beautiful small hotel that has been recently rennoed and located on a quiet Mayfair square. We had a one bedroom suite with connecting room. Very spacious for London hotel rooms and such a nice staff!!!!!! The restaurants are first class both the formal and more informal dining rooms are extremely comfertable and worth going to. Concierge was so helpful in finding hard to get theatre tickets and dining reservations. Regulars to London and have our fav restaurants, Guinea Grill and Green's within close proximity. Loved this hotel! Would definatly go back again and again!	
Mar 10 2009 	Great location wonderful service	My husband always stays at the Connaught when he's in London and lucky for me my trips there sometimes coincide. I've stayed there a few times, most recently in January and each time I appreciate it more.The welcome is very warm and service excellent - they will fuss around you if you want it, but are perfectly happy not to hang around if you just want to kick off your shoes - just as it should be, but not everyone gets it right.Aside from the business angle, this is a great location for shopping and sightseeing in London, a few steps from Selfridges and Marks &amp; Spencer in one direction, and the Royal Academy in the other. Nature lovers have Hyde Park too.The restaurants are great, two of the best in London, but I want to put in a special mention for room service as we've worked our way around the menu. It is great! In most places, I usually stay safe with a burger or a club sandwich as more delicate food can get slaughtered on the way up from the kitchen, but order grilled fish here and it will be perfect - for me that's the ideal way to relax after a hard day, not on parade in a restaurant.Oh and one last word for the toiletries - Purple Water from Asprey. Need I say more?	
Jan 30 2009 	expected better	I am writing this review in the middle of my 3 night stay at the connaught. So far my stay is not exceptional. The Dorchester, my regular hotel is so far winning despite my real wish to start fresh with another hotel (i come quite often to London). i will make a few pointers:1.Gym and spa are at the Claridges. It뭩 a little difficult in winter to make the trip.But i understand it should open this year.2. Room is TINY. i mean, really tiny. it says superior king is about 30 sqm. but it look and feel like 20sqm. we are at room 603.I mean, we just cant get (me and my wife) our clothes out of our luggage. There is not a single drawer. There is a little storage place at our office dest, look like they expect us to put our underwear and tshirts there.3. Butler- where are you? 4. Newspapaer - asked for one , brought me another - details !.5. We booked a weekend indulgence with champagne - never got it.bottom line - i dont feel that special at the Connaught.	
Dec 31 2008 	Exceptionally comfortable	We've wanted to stay here for quite some time as my husband worked here (albeit a very very long time ago). So I was surprised for my birthday with an &quot;Indulgent Weekend&quot; package just prior to Christmas. The welcome received was genuine and although the rooms weren't ready (we arrived around 1 p.m.), we were offered coffee sitting by the fire which was very welcomed. We were escorted to the room when it was ready and told that the butler would be with us shortly. Also asked what time we'd like our turn down service. We said 8 p.m. would be fine as we'd be out. Well, butler never did show up and the turndown ladies came at about 6.30 p.m. BUT apart from that, The Connaught truly is sumptious. The champagne, included in the room rate was good quality and very much enjoyed. The room wasn't the largest we've had and we were surprised that the carpets were stained in places, but the bathroom was glorious with fabulous shower. Breakfast the following morning was an elegant experience. The hotel is in such a beautiful and peaceful location but well within walking distance of Regent Street (we ate at Bentleys and had a wonderful walk home). It was indeed and &quot;Indulgent Weekend&quot;.	
Dec 14 2008 	The Cosseting Connaught	We first stayed at the Connaught several years ago, before the massive renovation the hotel is now finishing. We enjoyed our stay and have always talked about going back. For two nights in November 2008, we did. We뭨e glad we made a return trip. First, the renovation. Much of the hotel is the same with the amazing grand wooden staircase intact along with the high ceilings and club-like feel of the hallways. The rooms have been refreshed and the bathrooms are more modern and packed with even more amenities (including really lovely Asprey Purple Water toiletries). The bars and restaurants have been re-done as well, to good effect (these spaces are much more modern, however). Second, the service. It뭩 still top-notch, but it doesn뭪 quite measure up to the standard of a Four Seasons hotel (one of which we had just checked out of the morning of our arrival at the Connaught). Our check-in experience was marred by an overly long wait that meant we weren뭪 in our room until nearly 6pm (despite having arrived at the hotel hours earlier). We were also checked in to the wrong room, despite having confirmed our reservation with the hotel before our arrival. The hotel staff was gracious in responding to the situation when we politely pointed it out and more than compensated by upgrading us to a Carlos Suite. Not that we뭨e complaining: it was an amazing set of rooms and one of the highlights of our recent hotel experiences. Our Carlos Suite had a full living room with (non-working) fireplace, a full bar (in a beautiful Chinese armoire), a flat-screen television and a full complement of comfortable furniture. The bedroom featured built-in wood closets and dressing areas with another flat screen television and desk. The white marble bathroom had a tub and separate shower (and another flat screen TV) and despite its small size it was beautifully done and well thought out. We had drinks in the Connaught Bar and enjoyed the new decor and extensive drink menu (you even get a menu listing the ingredients in your drink when you leave). We also had dinner at Helene Darroze, the hotel뭩 new restaurant. The restaurant decor was a bit simple, but the service and food were anything but: extravagant would be the best description (perhaps that뭩 intentional, so that the focus is on the food and the service). Every course of our dinner was preceded by an amuse bouche or palate cleanser and we had so many people attending to our table that we lost count. The meal was delicious and we enjoyed the experience, but it was also a bit fussy. This is not the type of place that you stay if you뭨e going to be a hard-core tourist in London because it뭩 the type of hotel that you want to have time to experience. It뭩 beautiful and cosseting and an experience all to itself. We뭨e very glad we visited again and recommend the Connaught to anyone who is open to the fantastic experience that comes with the high price tag.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nothing to dislike	I visited The Connaught Hotel 10/31/08. We were able to take advantage of the two rooms for the price of one promotion. I had an absolutely wonderful deluxe junior suite. The decor was updated yet still British. The private butler is a great idea. Everyone was friendly and professional. Food terrific. There is the feel of a brand new hotel. Everyone was enthusiastic and proud. I cannot think of anything to complain about. The hotel is large enough to have lots of activity yet small enough to feel cozy. I felt that I had my own private home in London.	
Oct 31 2008 	London Favourite	Immaculate since refurb. Has gone back to the traditional.	
Oct 24 2008 	Some Problems	For years I used to stay at Claridge's, but thought their new decor was too flashy/trashy, so I decided to finally try the Connaught, which is nearby in lovely Mayfair. The hotel is tucked away in one of the best neighborhoods in London and overally, my experiece at the hotel was positve. This is a very genteel place where the staff is friendly but discreet. Lots of beautiful woodwork in the lobby where everything seems very polished.Sadly, I must agree with other reviewers that there was virtually no space for clothes and such. There was not enough room even though I was travelling alone and had one bag and just a few suits. I honestly wondered how many arguements couples have had over this lack of space at The Connaught. This is a real shame since the hotel is being redecorated and at least the style of the rooms is beautiful.I also was placed in a room the first night that was very comfortable, but then was woken up very early in the morning by heavy, booming construction from the floor above me. A TON of construction was going on at the hotel while I was there, so if you book, ask for a room that is away from all the hammering (AND DUST). It took the front desk a very long time to move me to a new room and no one apologized for the inconvenience.The much-lauded &quot;butlers&quot; on each floor struck me as either overworked or slow-moving. A request for a new hairdryer (mine was blowing out sparks) came at the pace of a turtle, and I was pressed for time. The concierge had trouble booking a table at a restaurant for me, which definitely is part of the reason a person splurges on a hotel like the Connaught.These all must sound like minot little glitches, but at the prices this hotel is charging (very expensive), the flaws stand out. Since my old favorite, Claridge's, has gone downhill, I came to the Connaught hoping to find a new hotel I could conistantly use while I am in London, where I visit family several times a year. I don't think I would return to the Connaught, but instead try yet a new place the next time.	
Oct 3 2008 	Perfect Old Charm	The fabulous makeover has made sure that the Old Charm of this exceptional building has remained, and has actually been enhanced. I love the staff, I loved the room and I loved Helene Darroze for her unbeatable restaurant. Nothing is too much trouble for this hotel. A wonderful taste of pure Britishness.	
Sep 15 2008 	Lost some character; but still nice	We've stayed at the Connaught a couple of times before, and also used it as a quiet and relaxing place to meet up with friends and business associates - and I must say I always loved the place. That having been said, it was getting a bit creaky and although we liked the feel of staying in a mad rich old relative's house, we can see how that might not be everyone's cup of tea.This is the first time we've stayed since the renovation, and just a quick overnight stay, not wanting to have to travel home after a great dinner at Umu.The whole place is much slicker than before - some of the interventions are quite subtle, others less so. Our room was great, not overly large but with the benefit of a 'corridor' connecting the bedroom and bathroom which means you can keep a lot of your stuff out of the way. I vaguely recall some of the rooms were always configured this way, to allow interconnecting.We also had a beautiful view across Carlos Place toward Mount Street, very light and open - rare to see so much sky from a London hotel - and very quiet despite the ongoing renovations (A crane appeared outside our window in the morning, but we didn't hear it get there).The bathrooms are the real success of the refurb. At first glance similar (plenty of white marble and natural daylight with 'trad' chrome fittings) to before but much more 'luxe' and of course now everything works. Nice big bathtub (but you need to set it running at 5pm if you want a bath at 6pm) and a small LCD TV much more tastefully integrated than most.The public rooms have been completely revamped. The Connaught bar (as was) is now called Coburg and is (in design terms) rather embarrassing IMHO. It's trying to be a bit young and trendy (Opie prints on the walls etc) but looks a bit like your uncle wearing a track suit. The American bar (now confusingly the Connaught bar) is beautiful - stunning and luxurious with a strong 30s look... although I'll miss the American bar.The conservatory is a great success, lovely for lunch (as we enjoyed) but if your going for tea I'd recommend staying 'indoors' in the bit that was always there, as it's much cosier - but not as cramped as it was before the refurb/extension.OK, the negatives:- A lot of the character of the rooms has been lost. Our room had all new custom furniture which was nice enough but a bit generic and 'flat-pack' feeling (although good quality). Previously we've enjoyed antique furniture and 1930s chrome seashell light fittings, etc.- The new lighting system seems a tad problematic - ours seemed to turn off by themselves and the control panels with LED status lights seem flaky and visually incongruous. - Breakfast was spectacularly poor for a hotel at this price, and at more than GBP 70 for two, not terrific value either (we're not too badly off, but we're not so wealthy as to not notice spending GBP 70 on a not very good breakfast). Firstly, there was no option on the request form to choose Tea with your breakfast, only to choose from two types of Coffee. No tea? In an English hotel? I kid you not. I drew an extra box, marked it 'Tea' and this was accommodated.When the breakfast arrived it was cold, the poached eggs had runny whites (I hate that), the sausage wasn't cooked and the mushrooms were very nasty, sweaty things such as you mind find in a tin. The pastries were mostly burned, but a generous selection. And the positives:- it's a unique place and has retained some of its character despite everything. It's very homely and relaxing but sophisticated as well, in a very quiet, relaxing and luxurious part of London that's nevertheless very close to great shopping, dining and so on.- The 'butler' - an idea I didn't like at all - was in fact very helpful and indeed the service overall was great - if surprisingly informal.- The bathroom's great (once the tub has filled).- The beds are very comfortable, and it's quiet - which are the most important things after all.So, all in all, it's a shame to lose some of the character but things change and it's better that everything works. Still love the place and will doubtless be back but hope the breakfast is better...	
Sep 1 2008 	Superb hotel	We stayed for one night at The Connaught to celebrate our anniversary.The hotel upgraded us to a suite. It was a perfect room beautifully decorated. The bed the best i have ever slept in.We ate lunch in The Gallery restaurant - lovely well cooked food - beautiful decor. Charming staff.We had a drink in The Connaught Bar that evening (we liked the look of it more than the Coburg Bar) &amp; we weren't disappointed. It was great fun. The staff were very good.There is nothing to fault - we had a perfect 24hours - the hotel is extremely good. The happy anniversary cake in our room with the turn down service was delicious &amp; a great touch.	
Aug 4 2008 	Return to the Connaught	Writing a second review of the Connaught as, after my last stay, the hotel very generoulsy offered me a free night to make up for the fact that my room did not have a view because of the continuing building work at the back of the hotel.So, I took the free night and added a extra to make a pleasant weekend in London. In addition I wanted to try out the new Helene Darroze restuarant which had not opened at the time of my first visit.My experience was amazing - not only a free night but an upgrade to a full suite. These are quite magnificent with huge bedrooms, a sitting room, complete with antiques and all the high tech stuff you could desire. This time a view of Carlos Place.Service was impeccable as previously, with all my special requests met. They even made me Kedgeree for breakfast, when asked for in advance, the Swiss chef finding a recipe on the Internet. Now that's what I call five star service. Shoes returned not only brilliantly shined but in a tissue lined box with shoe trees. Does it get any better than this? The Connaught seems to think of everything.Helene Darroze a triumph. Had the tasting menu which was quite a lot to manage even after starving myself for the day. It was pure theatre, a bit over the top but then sometimes a bit over the top is what you want. Brilliant for a really special occasion with lots of little touches like a gift of an armagnac soaked caked as you left - definitely to be eaten the next day.In my opinion, the Connaught in London cannot be beaten - a true home from home, assuming that home is of the stately variety, that is!	
Jul 18 2008 	Bad strat great finish	This was my second visit to the Connaught since it re-opened from its major makeover. The first visit was nice but I booked through Amex Centurion and none of the deal was included such as room upgrade or breakfast taken off etc. Still despite a small room the hotel is really of a stunning quality; the bar, conservatory and common areas magnificent. So I returned again given I am looking for a hotel to make my base for my monthly visits (previously it was Claridges). Great staff again but also again I got a terribly small room. It was the smallest I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world, even Tokyo. So I did something I have never done, I wrote to the GM. The next day I had a lovely message that seemed heartfelt and responsive. The front of house manager was also very very nice and I moved rooms after two nights to a much better room. The hotel is not finished yet, there is still a lot of noise from workers outside etc but the rooms are so beautifully done I want to know the designer. They are small but the quality is everywhere. I will return and try a final time before I decide where is longer term hotel in London. The staff are certainly terrific.	
Jul 8 2008 	Giving birth is often painful !	As someone who has stayed at The Connaught a number of times in the past l wanted to put down my thoughts after a recent visit. I have also had the good fortune to stay at one of the group's sister properties Claridge's in London.The Connaught brings back many fond memories. The bad points.1. The hotel remains under construction with the restaurant not yet open (expected in the next month).2. On arrival we were showed into a brand new room (the floor was opened that day). Workman where everywhere and the there was considerable noise.3. The room I reserved (Deluxe King) felt very small. There is limited storage (enough really for 1 person only). They ended up bringing in a chest of drawers.4. On the first day I was greeted by a hotel employee escorting a guest into my room. No knock, only me in my underwear! More a shock to the 70 year old lady than to me.5. Second day the power keep surging and the fire doors keep opening and closing. (at least 4 times) this caused myself and my neighbor a great deal of stress.6. The air conditioning need adjusting as on the first day the room temp was 23c. Far too hot!The good points.1. Staff again very good in handling a guest that was getting more upset by the minute.2. Wait staff the best I have encountered at a hotel3. Bathrooms to die for. With the most beautiful white marble and some of the nicest toiletries.4. The best hotel breakfast that I have ever had. The smoked salmon was beautiful.5. The carpets,fabrics and overall conditions of the hotel superb!6. I love the bar! Wonderful Martini's7. The concierge staff is wonderful! Very helpful.They offered 1 night to be used on my next visit for my inconvienence. I chose to use it towards my bill. Everything considered I will definately come back to stay. A soft opening is always hard. I think the hotel might have been able to handle things a bit better but I did go away satisfied that they had helped. This hotel has the ability to become the best in London. I look forward to my next visit.	
Jun 20 2008	Looking forward to Helene Darroze	The Connaught was just a home-from-home when I stayed there last year. The service was impeccable and the restaurant lived up to expectations. Under the watchful eye of Angela Hartnett, the food was exquisite and the service discreet. I'm very much looking forward to returning when celebrated French chef Helene Darroze takes over at the helm this month.There's some good articles on her cooking and history around, specifically:http://www.foodeu.com/articles/Helene+Darroze+At+The+Connaught.aspx	
Mar 31 2008 	Superb Luxury and Service in a Traditional Setting	The Connaught Hotel is a charmingly curved, 5 story, red brick building. It is going though a complete renovation, and the first 2 floors are available for guests to stay in already.A top hatted, cashmere coated doorman immediately came over to open the car door, take my luggage, and usher me into the hotel. Victoria at the reception desk was both welcoming and polite. She and Ramona cordially and professionally answered each of my incessant questions during my stay. Although there was a lovely small elevator, I chose to walk up the broad staircase with its beautiful carpeting, and heavily carved gleaming wooden banister. Gilded appliques shone on rich wood panels. Portraits of landscapes, dogs, horses and someone's ancestors were softly lit on the walls. Eleven bowls of varying sizes of fresh yellow flowers (forsythia, calla lillies and ranaunculas) graced every level at the top of the stairs, resting on antique, marble topped chests. A grandfather clock, paintings, and wall sconces with pleated shades provided a luxurious country house feel, totally unlike the usual sterile hotel corridors. Each floor also has its own butler ! Mario came to introduce himself, and asked if I would like him to unpack my luggage, and put everything away. He also inquired if anything needed pressing before I went out to dinner.  The room was tiny but delightful. A divided light glass door opens onto a small private vestibule. A key card is held up to the wall, and the solid wood bedroom door with its silver door knob clicks open. The room is soundproofed fairly well. Even though there is some traffic noise during the day, at night it is relatively quiet. A welcome gift of fresh fruit awaited in an oval crystal bowl. Grapes, plum, pear, orange and banana were all of the highest quality. Complimentary hot tea followed (or you could have coffee if you prefer) on beautiful white-and-cream bone china. The sugar caddy and petite milk pitcher were silver, and there was an additional thermos of hot water provided for a refill. 4 biscuits came with this, but they were rather dry and tasteless, so one bite was enough. All of this came presented on a round silver tray with a scalloped edge, white linen doily. A single red rose in a bud vase completed the picture. It might have well have been a movie set, it was so exquisitely done. One of the head butlers, Paul, brought me a laptop and a mouse, which are free of charge of you use them for less than 2 hours each day of your stay. On top of all this magnificence, complimentary treats are brought at 5:00 p.m. each evening. The first night's was fresh squeezed carrot or beet or melon juice in crystal shot glasses. The next night Mario and another butler, Gus, brought gin &amp; tonic ingredients with fresh lemon and lime, if you wanted a freshly made drink. The third night a flute of chilled Laurent-Perrier Champagne was offered. The bedroom has thick crown molding and high baseboards, with a light brown micro thin striped carper underfoot. Walls are done in what looks like camel colored silk or grasscloth, but it is really just cleverly papered. It is beautifully furnished in wood, with nightstands and a desk. and a painted curving window seat. Heavy damask draperies are held back during the day, and pulled closed at evening turn-down to shut out the light and keep out any drafts. Touch button lights control everything, from the light to the air conditioning/heating. A Samsung flat screen is above the desk opposite the hugely comfortable bed. There is also a music system, and an elaborate mini bar tucked discreetly within a glass fronted armoire. The comfortable king sized bed has a curving carved headboard, and Frette white-on-white striped sheets with 4 huge pillows. There is a cashmere blanket draped neatly at the foot of the bed. A single white rose in a vase rests on each nightstand. The white marble bathroom has two thick, soft white robes. The generously sized towels are on heated racks. The Asprey 'purple water' amenities smell really good, and rest on a silver tray. The shower has two heads, one high up, and one flexible one, both with good water pressure. Mirrored medicine cabinets flank both sides of the sink. There is a live orchid on the surround by the bathtub. A flat screen television is built discreetly into the wall if you want to watch something while you are relaxing in the large tub. I desperately needed a nap after the long flight, and my wake-up call came precisely on time. As did my morning wake-up call. (Really, the service here defines excellence at every step of the process.) Concierges Andrew and Corrado were quite helpful, and as well as being founts of savvy local knowledge, had tickets for The Tower of London and St. Paul's Cathedral, which made queuing unnecessary. After coming back from dinner, the doorman again leaped to open the front door of the hotel and welcome me back, inquiring if I had a good evening. I slept incredibly well. Who wouldn't with a pampering environment like this ? The following morning, after reading the two complimentary newspapers that were left at my door (I asked for the two of the gossip tabloids, The Sun and The Mirror) and drinking a wake-up cup of hot tea, I made my leisurely way downstairs for breakfast. There is a beautiful sunny, window walled room at the front of the hotel called The Gallery. Huge baskets of orchids are everywhere, and candles are scattered around in profusion on side tables at night. George greets me with a smile, and ushers me into the room, offering me my choice of tables. There is a moss plant on each in a square pot. Linen and sheer drapes decorate the windows. There are white tablecloths, and comfortable upholstered chairs. Genuine silverplate silver by Arthur Price is on the tables, and there are silver salt &amp; pepper shakers, as well as a silver pepper grinder. On a glass tray, there are seven different sealed miniature preserves. Honey, strawberry, raspberry, apricot, gooseberry and orange marmalade, with tiny silver spoons. A silver basket lined with a napkin holds two delicious, warm and perfectly flaky large, freshly baked croissants. There is a small glass pitcher of freshly squeezed orange juice, although it doesn't really taste like the orange juice does at home when I cut and squeeze it. Pats of butter come in a lovely Wedgewood, white cream-and-gold china dish. The two eggs over easy are perfectly cooked, as is the side of crispy bacon, and the plate is garnished with a pair of cooked cherry tomatoes. Breakfast each morning is excellent, and the waiter remembers what I like. I did not have an opportunity to try the hotel for lunch. The Afternoon tea tray looked quite good. I did try a Caesar salad one night after dinner elsewhere. Don't. Both the lettuce and the dressing were sub-par. Sascha, the hostess manager, was very charming on my last night. Everyone working here at the hotel has really been incredibly kind.Overall, the Connaught Hotel is a superb choice for a place to stay in London if what you enjoy is beauty in your surroundings and unmatched personal service. The cost is only slightly above that of the other 5 star American Express Platinum and Conde Nast Gold List hotels recommended in town, and I think offers more value for the dollar. The Connaught Hotel Carlos Place Mayfair, London W1K 2AL Telephone 20 - 7499-7070 Fax 20 - 7495-3262	
Oct 22 2007	Loved it...	Luxurious hotel, very quintessential mayfair elegance. Some may find it lacking in modern ammenities, but many will find it charming and unpretentious.We stayed in the suite which was wonderful.Service was spot on, and I hear the Angela Hartnett restaurant is excellent. I absolutelty cannot wait to visit the hotel post refurbishment!	
Sep 24 2007 	A home from home in London	We stayed at the Connaught in June 2006, whilst getting married at the Danish Church in London.We were given a suite on the third floor; very comfortable and very spacious and with a superb bathroom with top-of the range goodies.The mini-bar was no such thing, rather a fully stocked drinks cupboard with ice etc being frequently replenished by the floor butler.The sitting room was enhanced by a lovely arrangement of fresh flowers and we were welcomed with a complimentary bottle of champagne on ice.The evening prior to the wedding, we had dinner at Angela Hartnett, where we had dined before. We had an excellent dinner.The concierge and management at the Connaught had made all the arrangements for our wedding day, including a luxury coach to the church, then closing off the part normally used for serving afternoon tea, for a champagne reception prior to a dinner for 36 friends &amp; family in the Grill Room. The dinner was superb and the wines chosen were excellent and good value. Angela Hartnett created a pudding to die for, using 40 lbs of home-grown strawberries that we had brought with us!The attention to detail was outstanding and all the staff, from the General Manager, Alan Lee, downwards ensured that everything was 100% perfect.On return to our room, we found a bottle of quality Rose champagne in our romm as a gift.On departure, our car was brought to the front door, our bags loaded for us and we set off in great shape for a motoring holiday on the continent.We have already been back since and look forward to returning again after the current renovations are complete -it will be great to have reliable air-conditioning!This is five star luxury at its very best.	
Mar 18 2007 	English Charm	I stay at The Connaught several times a year for business. It has the typical challenges of many London hotels - rooms are small and the bathrooms antiquated. There is quite a bit of furniture crammed into the room such as a desk and chair, the bed, armoire, etc., which means that there is only enough room to carefully navigate around the bed to get to the bathroom. The furniture is always nicely cared for and the beds are always very comfortable. The bathrooms are antiquated but nice and each usually have an oversize tub with a half-glass barrier for showers and a removable shower head. The rooms are always very clean. The lobby is a bit stuffy, but the bars are more relaxed. I like to take the stairs that are in the center of the hotel, even when I am a few floors up - the elevator works well but is small even for three. The service is very good and the staff very polite. I also love the location. Expect to pay high-end London prices.	
Feb 4 2007 	A lovely hotel	Quiet, peaceful night in very comfortable bed. Staff very welcoming, nothing asked for was too much trouble.The Connaught is tucked away and provides a quiet havenin central location. Agree that rooms need refurbishment which I gather means closure from April for a period.Highly recommended.	
Nov 15 2006 	desperately needs a renovation	Was here weekend of November 10 for 3 nights. The hotel is lovely English country house style with generally very nice and caring staff. However there are some oddities for people who are accustomed to modern amenities. The keys are tradtional keys attached to a fob which you hand over to the concierge upon departure and pick up on return. Not once in three days did the staff at concierge ask me to identify myself. I asked for the key and it was handed over to me with no questions asked. Rather odd in one of the world's largest cities? This hotel has no non smoking rooms. The prior occupant to me was a smoker and housekeeping brought some contraption to scent over the smoke odor. The shower is odd and sprays over the bathroom sort of the showers I remember in London on my first visit in the 1970's. Price for a 5 minute call to a friend's cell phone in London was 15.00 GBP, about 28 bucks. Outrageous and when I protested the front office fellow shrugged his shoulders . Hotel is closing in February/March for major renos including a new swimming pool. Rooms desperately need a redo.	
Nov 14 2006 	Fab Hotel In Excellent Location	Here for one night on business -- staff was incredibly friendly and helpful arranging to hold my luggage, provide map &amp; guidance when I wasn't able to check into my room straight away (arrived 11.30am). Fantastic gym that was empty during both days I was there. Gorgeous &quot;old England&quot; feel to the hotel without being frumpy or over chintz-oriented. Lovely amenities, firm mattress, luxury bedding and very unobtrusive but helpful butler. Highly recommend a stay here for any reason at all.	
Oct 28 2006 	A Hidden Treasure	Working in the hospitality industry I stay in a lot of hotels! Travelling the London on business isn't uncommon and I usually decide to stay in a different hotel each time I visit as not to get bored!Booking directly with the hotel was easy and after a hard days work in London, not being able to find the hotel on foot wasn't a great start. I called the hotel from outside the Tube Station and the concierge directed me from the station, to the door! A great start! Although no one appeared to be behind reception the door man summoned a Receptioist who appologised and was already awaiting my arrival. My details were taken quickly and easily and a summary of the hotels facilities were give.Staying just for one night and working late into the night meant that I didn't have time to dine or check out the fitness room, however the restaurant looking busy and the fitness room adequate.The receptionist took my directly to my suite on the third floor where the room size and quality was fantastic.The bathroom was fully equipped with gowns, towels, toiletries and ammeneties, the mini bar fully stocked and a welcome note from the Executive Head House Keeper.I requested internet access on booking and the receptionist kindly pointed out the high speed internet point and outlined the charges.Two call buttons in the room enabled me to contact housekeeping to cancel my turn down and room service to order dinner at the touch of a button. Room service took approx 30 mins and my food was hot and tasty and my tray was collected promptly after I had finished.After a good nights sleep check out was delayed as the team were unfamilar with Maestro Card and instructed me that my card had declined. After asking for a second attempt a supervisor helped and my card was charged but with little fuss. Both reception and conceriege wished me a good day and gave me directions to my next appointment.Fantastic Service! Fantastic Room! Fantastic Stay!	
Oct 10 2006 	A fine English Hotel in a great location	The Connaught was a pleasure. The service, location and amenity were first rate. The room was exceedingly comfortable (a great nights sleep with no external noise intruding) and well equipped. The bathroom and toiletries provided were above the standard of other properties in London.The property is not 'inexpensive' - but one needs to retain the perspective that it is in London, where nothing of any value is inexpensive. Relative to the cost for some of some other 'Chain' Hotels in London, the Connaught can be seen as relatively good value for money.The location, in Mayfair, is extremely convenient. The breakfast service is great. The Bar gets quite crowded in the evening with diners from the restaurant, but is a pleasant place to spend time if you can put up with the fug of smoke created by the mass of Brits that insist on inflicting their smoking habits on other patrons (though to be fair, this is not unique to the Connaught).I would highly recommend the Connaught to anyone wishing to experience &quot;British&quot; style in a quality property, as opposed to the universally manufactured ubiquitous 'style' of International Chain Hotels	
Aug 1 2006 	Fine for London	All in all a good experience. Keep in mind, London has denominations similar to NYC, but it's in pounds currently at $1.85. So our L305 rate was $565/ night. Also, London hotel rooms are similar to NYC - old. Nice, but old, with few modern ammenities.That said, the Connaught was very nice. The staff was excellent. And the rooms were clean and well maintained but were small and lacking modern features. Due to all the mixed reviews, we did not eat at Angela Hartnett but did have a nice (L50 for two!) breakfast there.We liked the quiet location in Mayfair, close to Hyde Park and away from the hustle and bustle of Piccadilly, Regent, Oxford and the like.	
Jun 21 2006	A fantastic stay!	I was realy dreading my reservations for the Connaught after reading the mediocre reviews on the website. It seemed as if this hotel was going to be terible. Imagine by suprise when I arived at the hotel and found it to be one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at. The connaught is housed in an old classic building with a large oken staircase and beatifull small lobby. It was around the holiday time was so a large tree was hanging in the lobby. The side rooms were art deco in style and had just been redone. Our room was great. We were taken to a large room with two conecting rooms with king beds each withs it own bathrooom. We were traveling as a large family so this was realy helpfull. The furnshiings were classic antiques, the beds were unbelivably comforble, and the whole feel of the room was classic english. The service everywhare was superb. From being greeted by the doorman to having tea broght to our room each morning we felt like royalty. The conciarge was wonderfull. They helped get us into popular shows and great resturants on little notice. They aranged many activties for us and knew exactly who we were. What suprised me the most was Angala Harnet. This resturant was great. We went for lunch. Each dish we had was done expertly from a plum soufle to a tasty soup. The prices were high but we felt it was clearly worth it. Many of the more recomended resturants such as Gorden Ramseys were not nearly as good. Overall I urge you to skip the bad hype and go the connaght. It is a quiet and discreet expirencne located in a quiet residential area that about a 10 minute walk at most to the all the major atractions. It is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in and is a real english expirence.	
Jun 5 2006	Angela Hartnett at The Connaught	Tried this restaurant for my husbands birthday as we wanted to see if it deserved its Michelin star (and Claridge뭩 was fully booked!).The service was brilliant very attentive but not breathing down your neck or OTT. Felt really looked after by everyone there. Were taken into the kitchen to meet the chef unfortunately not Angela as we ate there on a Saturday night.The food was good but not really any better than most so not quite the extra special dining experience we were expecting. Also, they brought the wrong main and said they would take the cost off the bill as an apology. They took off 10, which is hardly the cost! Didn뭪 mind though as I still ate everything!We were spoilt with lots of extra food sent by the chef to try and the little touches made an enjoyable evening.The overall experience was a good night out and treated really well but the food was only good not extra special.	
Apr 24 2006 	Adequate	I got a cheap ($238) rate on expedia, so I thought I would try it for a night while I was in transit. For those purposes, the broom closet they gave me was perfectly acceptable. The room was pretty much taken up completely by a queen (or was it a full size?) bed and a beat up desk. The marble bathroom and amenities were nice. One piece of advice, do not use the phone in your room for making international calls. My four minute phone call home cost me $40! I was flabbergasted at prices in London in general, so I guess this should be considered &quot;a deal&quot;.	
Mar 24 2006 	Better than the Savoy	Stayed at the Connaught for one night on business lastt week. I usually stay at the Savoy but it was full. The Connaught was cheaper and better. Great service, charming staff, good business facilities (the broadband worked first time) and the room service very prompt and nice. Getting a shirt pressed in 30 mins at short notice was no problem. Didn't eat in the restaurant so can't comment on that aspect.	
Feb 21 2006	Best place we've stayed!	We stayed at The Connaught for one night and I wish we could have stayed longer! Although it is expensive, you definitely get what you pay for.When I made my reservation, I requested the 밊amily Package with interconnecting rooms for my two small children. Upon arriving, this was not the case, but the problem was corrected immediately and we ended up with a room that far exceeded my expectations. There was someone that was awaiting us to make sure that we had what we needed for the children (eg. robes, toys, etc.), and even tracked down a butler for us.The service we received by all of the staff, as well as the amenities of the establishment was the best I have ever experienced. The food in the main dining room was superb as well.The concierge service is excellent, and apart from being directed to two restaurants that were closed, they provided a great service to us. If you have the funds, this is the place!	
Dec 31 2005	Lost its glamour	Dropped in for tea having visited before its makeover. Oh dear! Lots of staff but not very well trained. Lounge cold (we've had the engineer in but he couldn't help). Average scones, poor jam, outrageous prices, dull decor. Go to the Goring for the proper English experience, this is just no longer one of London's best.	
Oct 3 2005	View from a wheelchair in September 2005	If you are planning a visit there, even for a meal, as we did, - don't. The ramp collapseod entering the front door and I nearly had a major accident as the staff were not trained to use it, the side door is too small for a regular wheelchair and if you need to use the toilet - well, forget it as there is not a properly equipped and spacious one for disabled guests. Not yet anyway.  To add insult to injury, we waited 30 minutes for our table and another hour for our first course. Just as we got up to leave in disgust at 10.15 p.m., our fod finally arrived.	
Sep 13 2005	Simply awful	After having dined at Angela Hartnett (because of its affiliation with Mr. Ramsey) and having told friends of its complete and utter inadequacy, I was shocked to be informed that there were positive reviews of the restaurant on trip advisor. Not only was it poor, I simply can't believe it is even worthy of review, or to be placed in the same category with other high end restos in London eg Gordon Ramsey at Claridge's, The River Cafe, or La Familia. AH at the Connaught is simply not in the same league. While servers were pleasant enough, the timing of the meal was horrendous i.e. asked for our food order while having a cocktail in the bar, appetizers delivered before a wine list was presented. These things can be overlooked; the poor quality of the food can not. Cold and dry lobster ravioli, tough and unswallowable duck swimming in salty sauce. I didn't bother with dessert even though it was included in the price. For those who understand what high-end dining actually is, do not bother with Ms. Hartnett. Mr. Ramsey has some work to do if he wishes to fix the Connaught.	
Aug 19 2005	Luxury	Pure luxury from the moment you arrive to the moment you will leave.	
Jul 30 2005	Angela Hartnett at the Connaught-A joke	The Menu Retaurant at the Connaught,where Angela Hartnett issupposed to cook,is actually a tourist trap.We had lunch several times this and last year,and althoughthe room is great,and the staff do their best,the actual foodis mediocre at best,and overpriced.The previous reviewer is absolutely right!	
Jul 27 2005	Terrible Food at Angela Hartnett	We stayed at Claridge's which was superb but ventured to the Connaught to try its Gordon Ramsay-owned restaurant 'Angela Hartnett.' The meal was a disaster from start to finish. The food was appallingly terrible and we were stunned and disappointed that the hotel and Angela Hartnett did not live up to its reputation. We were doubly sorry as we had cancelled a reservation at Gordon Ramsay at Claridge's to try Ms. Hartnett's acclaimed cooking. She cannot be held entirely accountable as we did find out she wasn't working that evening (she works Monday to Friday), but I believe if she had seen what we were served (and how it differed from what was stated on the menu) she would agree that it was a veritable kitchen nightmare.Highlights included an appetizer of two flavourless pieces of langoustine served with piles of cold sliced green apples - bizarre in itself but more so when the menu promised fresh artichoke hearts - this was removed from the bill when I commented on it; tough, overcooked tuna (which I ordered rare and the menu described as medium rare) served with what seemed to be ketchup, a heavy sweet tomato 'sauce'; tough duck breast with chewy bits that were impossible to breakdown; as well as details such as dinner menus being presented in the bar, appetizers served before we were presented with a wine list, etc. etc.The servers were friendly and pleasant but were let down by the food.The meal was beyond terrible and was a very unfortunate follow up to our other meals at such fine restaurants as Gordon Ramsay at Claridge's and River Cafe. It was the last night of our trip and one that, for all the wrong reasons, we will never forget.	
May 3 2005	Cozy Hotel	I just got back from a weekend stay at the Connaught and I loved it. I booked the smallest room so frankly I was expecting to be in a broom closet. While no one would say that the room was large, it was a decent size for one person and the bathroom was well-appointed. I loved the Floris toiletries.The service was impeccable. All of the staff went above and beyond the call of duty to make my short stay wonderful. The location is very convenient to the tube and shopping, but is on a quiet street.And the best part was that it was relatively inexpensive when booked online (154 pounds).	
Apr 24 2005	Wonderful Experience!	I recently had the good fortune to stay for a long weekend at the Connaught Hotel. From the moment I entered the hotel, it was like magic. Every member of the staff was genuinely friendly and helpful. I arrived earlier than expected so it was no problem that the room was not yet ready. I left my luggage and went out for brunch. When I returned, I was escorted to my upgraded room where my luggage had already been delivered! My room was the cleanest, well appointed room I have ever stayed in while in London. The maid service (during the day and evening) was superb. The amenites are great, Floris toiletries. The food ordered from room service arrived piping hot and in a timely manner. I have stayed at a few five-star hotels (disappointed last year at the &quot;butler&quot; service at the Lanesborough) but this is the absolute best. Worth every penny. This is my new favorite hotel in London!	
Mar 8 2005	An excellent 'Grande Dame' of a hotel	I stayed overnight in February 2005, getting a very good deal from their website. Initially I was taken to the wrong room - slightly larger than mine, so I was naturally a bit disappointed when they took me to a smaller room - it was more than made up though by a bottle of complimentary Tattinger champagne!The rooms are very well appointed, with luxurious fittings, a big comfy bed &amp; beautiful bathrooms. The rooms have an excellent entertainment system, you can either pay one off fees to access the internet through your TV or via your laptop, as well as listening to music &amp; watching films. Alternatively, you can pay a one off 30 fee and access unlimited broadband internet &amp; all the films &amp; music for 24hrs - well worth it.The rooms have a control pad which summons the valet, i pressed it &amp; within 30secs (no exaggeration) the valet appeared! They will clean your shoes, take laundry and provide room service. I ordered from the room service, and received it within 15mins - served on the finest china, cutlery &amp; the food was sublime. Reasonably priced, although a pot of tea for 4.50 did seem a little expensive. I didn't try Angela Hartnett's restaurant, but the menu &amp; ambience looked first class.I would have no hesitation in returning, and recommending it to others. The staff are very attentive &amp; I had no problems during my stay.	
Feb 8 2005	I love the Connaught!	I've stayed at the Connaught two times (about to stay a third next week). The first trip was August 2004 and the last was jus before Christmas 2004. The service was wonderful - they brought a fruit basket to the room to welcome me back the last time. The rooms are not huge, but have everything you need. I love the bathtub - very deep and fills up fast! The sheets were so soft that I wound up buying a set the last time - at a price much less than in the states for the same brand.  My trips to London have been for business and The Connaught has served me well. They have promptly delivered faxes, made copies and the high-speed internet is trouble-free. 	
Jan 17 2005	Wonderful but expensive	In August 2004, we stayed in the hotel at the end of our 15 day trip. I was also the second hotel we stayed in in London. We were there for three days and the last day and a half we spent in in the hotel room ordering room service while relaxing in the beautiful tub and ordering movies. You should plan on bringing you nicer clothes, as in most european countries they dress alot nicer and most hotels have a dress code. The concierge was wonderful and got us a great reservation at Nobu. It was the first hotel room on that trip that was a nice size after about 6 small rooms at various hotels. There also was a very good Italtian restaurant that was just down the street within walking distant that I am sure that they recommend to everyone.	
Dec 7 2004	Absolutely Perfect..Quiet and Luxurious		
Oct 14 2004	Great hotel in Mayfair		
Oct 5 2004	Really great quiet hotel:		
Jun 8 2004	Winter in London		
Apr 24 2004	Loved it yeah yeah yeah		
Jan 12 2004	We called it the 'can not'		
Nov 1 2003	A Refuge In London		
Sep 24 2003	Aging rather ungracefully I'd say		
Sep 18 2003	Great quiet hotel		
Oct 20 2002	Incredible experience!!!!!		
Nov 2 2009 	magnifique		
Aug 20 2008	Tombs des toiles ...		
