Oct 14 2008 	Cracked toilet seat and breakfast troubles	If you want to see London on a budget, then this is a fantastic location. It is within walking distance to South Kensington underground and virtually on top of Kensington Olympia station. If you can sleep through the sound of trains and police sirens then you will love the comfortable beds.The rooms have been decorated in a tasteful fashion and the bathrooms are clean and modern. The toilet seat in my room was cracked which was an obvious concern. The rooms are all situated above a pub, which has a function room. If there is an event on, it could be pretty noisy. To get to the rooms, you have to climb lots of stairs, so travel light.If you are there on business and want an early breakfast e.g. before eight o'clock then you will go hungry. You can get cereal and milk, but nothing cooked until the chef arrives.	
Jul 6 2008 	Comfy and convenient	A couple ofminutes walk from the Kensington Olympia tube station, the b&amp;b is next door to the pub of the same name. There are quite a few stairs so definitely wouldn't recommend it for people who will have trouble climbing them/have pushchairs.A maid outside our room stroppily informed us she hadn't finished cleaning our room, but didn't return to attend to anything in room. However, the room was large, had a lovely en suite with fab shower and clean towels, a gorgeous comfy bed with lots of cushions and a wall mounted lcd tv. Little bottles of water and ear plugs were also laid out. We were staying in the very top room and didn't experience any noise.Breakfast was lovely but as we are veggie and couldn't eat the bacon/sausages, we felt larger portions of the non meat food could've been provided. Most of the buffet items weren't available.Overall, a convenient location and modern well equipped rooms. Staff were polite enough but I can see how some customers may feel they were not heklpful/friendly enough.	
May 25 2008	Excellent Friendly Service	I stayed in the hand and flower and found the staff very friendly and helpful. The room was at the top of the building which was a bit of a climb but the room's were very clean and comfy. there was no noise from any trains or functions. the breakfast was good value for the money and would definitely stay there again. It is a great pub which serves good meals and it's in a good location if you are visiting london.	
Apr 3 2007 	Vibrating Bed shame about the breakfast	This hotel is very convenient and cheap for the London Olympia Conference Centre. It is very close to the Kensington (Olympia) tube stop and mainline station. Perhaps a bit too close - my bed vibrated alarmingly every time a train went past! This did not make for a good night sleep...The rooms are newly refurbished and very good for the money and location. The en suite was lovely, and the free soaps and so on were plentiful and high quality.Unfortunately the Assistant Manager let me down - I needed breakfast half an hour earlier than the prescribed times (7pm instead of 7:30pm) as I was working at a conference. No can do - the chef wouldn't be there. I asked if I could have a croissant or toast - no, the Chef won't be here until half seven. Perhaps I could take up some cereal in a bowl now (the night before), and some milk? No, impossible. I said this was a bit unsatisfactory - I stay at a lot of hotels and it has never been a problem before. The Assistant Manager explained, &quot;you see, what you have to understand is; we're not really a hotel, we're more like a B&amp;B&quot;. I pointed out they have 'Hotel' painted in foot high letters on all sides of the building, and I deliberately chose a hotel for it's better service and flexibility. She looked helpless. I asked for a refund on the breakfast I had already paid for - nope. I asked for a discount on my stay, and was eventually offered a half price dinner. The pub was so smoky and loud, and I was so annoyed with the manager at this point that I thanked her but declined. She came out later with an apple wrapped in a tissue - this was to be my breakfast.There is no disabled access, and many, many stairs...So - there is no 24hr service, no phone in the room, no flexibility on breakfast and no refunds. A lovely room (and free wifi, although it was slow) was ruined by this experience. No doubt if you wanted breakfast at the normal time it would have been fine, but I expect better service from a hotel, or is that B&amp;B?	
