Sep 23 2009 	Appalling	We were promised a luxury apartment- it was filthy with chipped doors and furniture, dirty carpets,greying towels and threadbare bedding. The bathroom was caked in limescale and the kitchen table was a piece of chipped formica with the edging strip missing and folding garden chairs. We had asked them to dismantle the bunk beds before our arrival so our twins could sleep in single beds-thhis was not done and the receptionist who was going off duty showed no interest in helping us. The 3rd bedroom fitted in the beds and no more-there wasn't even room for the children to sleep on the floor.There is NOTHING luxurious about Allen House and to say so is at best optimistic and at worst fraudulent. We had to pay 3 weeks in advance and I can see why- if we'd had to pay on leaving we would not have stayed- it was the worst room I have ever stayed in anywhere, and had no redeeming features whatsoever.	
Mar 18 2009 	well located excellent management	I needed an apartment for our first days in London due to traveling with a family of five, but was skeptical of those companies who wanted all of our payment upfront. So, I found this apartment via London friends. They wanted a deposit but then accepted payment upon arrival. The apt was in an excellent location off of Kensington High street, very close to Tube, great restaurants and shopping. Managment was very attentive to any needs we had,and was very prompt in responding to a plumbing crisis while we were there. The apt itself was clean, somewhat dated in furniture and TV, but ample room sizes. Kitchen fully equiped, including laundry facilities. For a family, this really was a perfect situation in terms of room size, location, and excellent management. Even though the furniture, etc was somewhat dated, we hardly spent time there anyway.. Beds were totally comfortable and baths included heated towel racks..The benefits outweighed the lack of posh appearance..	
Oct 16 2008 	First but not last visit	The Allen House met all my expectations during a four day stay this past week. We own a time share for a one bedroom unit but I was assigned a two bedroom unit (#22) on the Fourth (British Third) floor in the front of the building.The main bedroom was very spacious with two twin beds pushed together to make a king sized sleeping area. A small dresser and a chair along with another chair with a dressing table made up the rest of the bedroom furniture. The second bedroom had two twin sized beds and another dressing table and chair. The living room was very spacious as well with a small TV, two easy chairs and a small couch. At the end of the room was a dining table with six chairs. All of this fit well within the room.Furnishing appeared relatively new but not of absolute top quality, more like a “Super Ikea” variety. All of the seating along with the bedding were comfortable and on the firm side as typical for the UK, in my experience.Both the main bedroom and the living room were on the street side of the building and one could clearly hear street sounds if the windows were open. Closing the windows only provided a slight reduction in volume. The sounds were not intrusive but light sleepers might prefer the rear bedroom or one of the units not facing Allen Street.The kitchen was also well equipped for any level of cooking or eating in and had a small breakfast table with two chairs. There was also a washer (and dryer?) unit as well. The bath was also large for Europe with a tub and hand held shower.As there is no wireless system there due to the difficulty of transmission through the substantial construction, the staff provided a wireless USB modem which connected to the Vodafone 3D network. This worked extremely well. Location was excellent with a short walk to shops, restaurants, a large Tesco Grocery and the High Street Kensington Tube Station. The staff is top notch and certainly responsive to any requests. They were most helpful with answers to my questions and a real asset to the facility.I am very happy with this first visit to our small piece of London and definitely will use The Allen House at every opportunity available to us.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Location...	My husband and I booked our week stay through RCI - feeling very fortunate to have scored a highly coveted week in central London. The few reviews I read about the Allen House left me feeling secure in our choice of accommodations. We had great communication with the staff before our arrival, Julie arranged for a hired car to pick us up at Heathrow and it was lovely. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon, the drive from Heathrow took about 25 minutes. Our driver was nice, wanting to talk about US politics (we arrived the day after Obama chose Biden as his VP). He told us the neighborhood we were staying in was very expensive, which I knew, but didn’t realize a typical two bedroom flat in that area goes for ~$2mil USD! There was a kind gentleman to welcome us and give us our keys. Our two bedroom/two bathroom flat was on the second floor, #14…there is no way I would have paid $2mil for it! The whole flat was compartmentalized – there was a main hallway and all the rooms were off of that. The walls were in desperate need of a washing and the carpet was very dirty. For the most part though the furniture and appliances were new looking and in decent shape. The first bathroom had a very small shower, toilet and sink, while the second bathroom was a little roomier and had a nice tub, toilet and sink/vanity. The second bedroom was tiny with bunk beds shoved in there (luckily we didn’t need the room). The master bedroom was decent sized with a king bed (two twins pushed together), a desk, bureau and armoire. The bed was painfully awful. We firmly believe what we slept on was the boxspring and not the mattress. You honestly could feel the wooden slats and at one point my husband heard a spring give. I kid you not, I had a bruise on my hip from sleeping on my side in that bed. We took the blankets from the bunk beds and put them down for cushioning, but it did not help at all. The living room/dining room was decent sized and overlooked the garden. Our television was small, about 15in, which was fine, but since we weren’t sleeping much, we watched a lot of late night tv! The kitchen was nice as well, it too overlooked the garden. The dishwasher, a Bosch (a great brand, we have one in our home), didn’t clean our dishes at all and we had to hand wash them as soon as we took them out of the machine. Also, you have to make sure the fridge door actually does close – it is designed to look like a cabinet and it didn’t close one morning and when we got back that afternoon we had to throw out some our food because it spoiled.The neighborhood and location are perfect. We were a five minute walk away from the Kensington High Street Tube stop on the Circle Line. We purchased a 7 day Oyster Card and we highly recommend that if you are staying more than five days – well worth it. We shopped at the Tesco across the street and also at Whole Foods, which was about two blocks further up from the Tube stop. So to sum up, location great. Flat not so great, but with just a little bit of elbow grease, warm water and soap to the walls and carpets and a pillowtop mattress, the place would get a five star rating from me! I really am not hard to please!	
Jul 25 2008 	Not as Expected	I hate to write a negative review as the office staff were really very friendly and did what they could to make our stay comfortable.We went to a lot of trouble looking into our accommodation options prior to our stay in London as the standard was very important to us.We even went as far as to have a local friend view a couple of apartments at Allen House and elsewhere.Here is the catch - she viewed a 2 bedroom, renovated apartment. We booked a three bedroom apartment, unaware of the fact that some remained unrenovated.The postives - The location is fabulous. The apartment itself is spacious (apart from the 3rd bedroom which literally fits a bunk bed with no room to move). Having a washer and dryer.The negatives- as the apartment was unrenovated the carpet was soiled, the apartment was generally dingy and the bedding, towels had seen better days. It made us feel quite uncomfortable for the duration of our stay. Don't get excited about the third bedroom if your children are older than 5.As they were fully booked we could not change apartments and were offered a small discount - which was generous as we had no option to cancel.I think I may have been a little optimistic about what you can get for your money in July in London.Just a warning to ask ALL the necessary questions before you go.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great place	We stayed at the Allen House for over a week in June 2008. Fantastic location just off Kensington High Street, very close to the Underground Stn and Bus Stops. Large number of eateries and a Tesco nearby.The apartment itself was very comfortable, though not modern. The housekeeping, security, etc, is of the highest standard though some of the apts are smaller than others. We stayed in one of the smaller apts and a family who we were travelling with were lucky to get a larger one. They offered to shift us to a larger one subsequently but we were settled in by then.The lift is small and takes a very long time and the TV is small but you will feel absolutely at home. The Office and House staff is very helpful and accomodating. We would definitely back but ask for a larger apartment.	
May 18 2008 	Delightful comfortable worth the very high price	Overall our experience was great. Minuses:- Doorstops were old and hard to use, and all the doors in the apartment fall shut without them.- Kitchen window of a ground floor apartment didn't lock, which made us nervous from a safety point of view.- Although there's a cool videophone for the front door, the feature allowing us to be heard by the person outside didn't work.- We were charged 12 GBP for making a few local calls - beware, you might want to find another solution for making your local calls.- One onsite staffperson was a little chilly and officious, though the other two were super friendly and sweet.- The king-size bed was actually two twin beds pushed together, but the seam wasn't too noticeable. We did sleep well on it anyway.- Really expensive for us, though it felt worth it. We spent more on a week at Allen House than we do for a month's rent on our apartment.- We thought that the High St Kensington tube stop being on both the Circle and District lines would be really helpful for transportation, but the District line didn't seem to run very often (and had many branch lines, so when it did come, it usually wasn't our train), so it was like having only one tube line.Pluses:- We loved it overall. It was roomy, comfy, pleasant, convenient to the tube (High St Kensington stop about 3 blocks away) and tons of grocery shopping. (Google maps makes it look like a substantial walk to the tube, but it really wasn't difficult -- maybe half a mile.)- We liked the decor, though nobody would call it gorgeous -- sturdy and nice quality furnishings, nothing super-deluxe, but good condition and a very home-like feeling. - Our apartment had a living/dining room, a kitchen, and a bedroom. Great appliances. Good size fridge and freezer; dishwasher, washing machine (not every unit has those last 2)- Nice kitchen furnishings and dishes/cutlery. Plenty of towels. Good hot water supply. The kitchen was best equipped for breakfast - dinner was a little hard to cook (no large pots).- Dining room has a table with 4 chairs, sofa and 2 armchairs, so you could definitely have people over for dinner.- Kitchen table with 2 chairs. Oven, stove, microwave all worked well.- Quiet at night. Great safe neighborhood near great grocery shopping - big Whole Foods about 5 blocks away, Marks &amp; Spencer at the tube station, Tesco 2 blocks away, Waitrose about a block away. Post office a block away. ATMs were close at hand, as were several Boots pharmacies.- The &quot;shower booster&quot; extra heater meant we never ran out of hot water, even after long showers. Towels were nice, and there were plenty. The bathroom was pleasant and had plenty of space (on a little shelf-cabinet) for all our many toiletries.- Maid service M-F is included in the rental. They'll do your dishes for an extra fee. All was sparkling clean.- They didn't require any deposit before our arrival (although they did charge us for our full stay on our second day there).- We stayed in mid-February and we were warm and comfortable in the apartment the entire time.- The fact that it was staffed during the day was a plus for us.One more tip: you have to flip the on/off switches for each outlet in order to use them. So don't despair if you think the outlet isn't working.Thumbs up -- strongly recommended overall.	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved the Allen House	People were extremely helpful. Access to the internet available and made easy by the staff.Location was great--easy metro access . . . about 2 blocks...near shops and busy area. Close to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. We walked, but it is a long walk--nice on a nice day.Groceries available nearby. Starbucks across the street.Busy area, so there is some street noise... we were jetlagged, so slept through it all.Beds were comfortable.Read on one review that people had cold water. This was NOT a problem for us. There are actually switches outside the bathroom for the electric towel heater...think one was for the water heater as well. Check with management if there is any problem with heat or hot water and I'm sure they would fix it for you.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excelente situacion		
