Nov 11 2009 	Nice hotel good location bad breakfast	The hotel was nice and clean. Our room (3 person) was big enough and had a view towards the street. Rooms were very well equipped.I didn't like the breakfast. It was basic, it's true, but even the most basic stuff was the cheeapest on the market...	
Oct 30 2009 	Very clean basic hotel	We stayed at Viking hotel (a part of it looks like a motel actually) for a couple of nights. I could recommend the hotel to all who don't need anything else but a clean room to take a hot shower and to spend the night :) The hotel prices in london are ridiculous, so 60 pounds per night is a fair rate (including the simple breakfast). Strange thing is that there aren't blankets in the room so we used the bed covers. Plenty of small shops in the area which is not the best one in London but is OK. Staff was OK but not very competent and polite. In one word - budget hotel, good value for money.	
Oct 25 2009 	Cheap clean convenient	My girlfriend and I stayed here for one night. The manager and staff were helpful and polite, the room was clean and the free secure parking was a boon. The shower in our bathroom was powerful and clean, though we didn't get a bathmat. Breakfast was basic but sustaining.You can take the 86 or 25 bus to the Underground station. It take around 45 minutes in total to get from the hotel to Westminster, say.The only downside was that the room we had was facing the street, and wasn't very well noise insulated - traffic was quite loud during the night. The only downsides were the	
Jul 7 2009 	If only this place had internet it would be perfect	Although this place is a bit far from central London, the transport links are fine. The Central Line tube goes to Stratford; the walk from the tube stop is maybe 20 minutes, or it is a few stops on the local bus. The 86 and 25 buses both stop directly across the street. The 25 bus operates 24 hours a day, so that is great for coming home late.I was quite happy with the room - the bed was very comfortable, the shower was hot and had great pressure, and the room was quiet. The decor kind of resembled a mid-range hotel in the US. Although the rooms were not air-conditioned, there is a fan in the rooms. For the price, it is an excellent value in London.I did not have the breakfast - the hours of breakfast are very limited - 7:30am to 9:00am - which makes it a bit difficult. My only significant problem with the hotel is the lack of any internet service. I find that very difficult to handle when I travel, and so I will likely not be returning to this hotel. It is kind of a shame, since I really found it to be extremely comfortable and a very good value in London.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great value for money	Value: I booked my stay via TravelRepublic for around £23 per night, which was amazingly good value; and was even cheaper than a few of the youth hostels in the city centre. I think the standard price for rooms per night is around £60, which isn't bad for London Prices.Location: The hotel itself is a 10-15 minute walk to Stratford Underground station, which provides easy access into central London via the Central or Jubilee lines. Nearby, are various shops, takeaways, two supermarkets, a few cheap to mid-range restaurants and a cinema complex. The immediate area surrounding the hotel never got too loud; for the three nights we stayed there, I managed to sleep well and felt safe throughout. The rooms: The rooms were small but cosy. The bathroom was narrow but long, and the shower was fantastic, I never wanted to get out! I was impressed by the cleanliness of the rooms, the maids cleaned it every day, usually only when we were out, so we were never woken up or disturbed by them. The bed was reasonably comfy, although an additional pillow would have been nice. The tea and coffee making facilities were good, and were replenished daily. The electricity in each room is switched on via a card which is attached to the room key. All of the facilities were operational except for the fan, which would have been useful during the warmer evenings. Breakfast: The breakfast was rather basic, and consisted of watered down orange juice, water, tea, coffee a choice of two cereals (rice crispies and corn flakes), slices of bread (which could be toasted) and slices of cheap cooked meats and cheese. For the price we paid, it wasn't that bad, but after staying in similarly priced hotels in France and Germany, the choice and quality could be improved. In summary, the hotel was good value for money, and I'd definitely recommend it for anyone looking for a basic and modern hotel away (but not too far from) the hustle and bustle of central London.	
Apr 16 2009 	Good price bad service and location	I booked this hotel for the price and proximity to London. It's in a suburb called Stratford, which is good for finding cheap local food and supermarkets, but it takes a while to get into the city if you're there to see the sights. It's a 15-20 minute walk to the Stratford tube stop, in zone 3 of the tube network, and from there it takes 25-40 minutes to get into the center, depending partially on whether service on any of the lines was interrupted (which seemed to happen pretty often). Also, be aware that over half the rooms are motel-style, and they're currently doing renovations, so if you end up with an outside room you're likely to be woken at 7 or 8 am every morning like we were. The rooms were clean and comfortable, but small; the bathroom was tiny (the door nearly hit the sink when it was opened). Breakfast isn't bad; typical continental European - cereals, milk, tea, coffee, bread, meats and cheeses.The man who seemed to be the manager was awful. The first morning at breakfast, he yelled at one of the maids and threatened to fire her. They were in the kitchen, but both clearly visible to me and just a few feet away, since I was getting cereal at the time. He definitely knew I was there. The following days showed that was characteristic of how he treats his staff.	
Nov 14 2008 	Good room breakfast a joke	This hotel is good value for money, but the fact that breakfast is included is neither here nor there and they shouldn't use it as a selling point. Watered down orange juice, cheap bread, awful looking processed cold meats and cheese and cheap coffee. True, you could eat as much as you want, but would anyone want to?!!The room was OK - very nice bathroom although only cheap bars of soap provided. Decent furnishings with enough space to do work on a laptop.	
Nov 2 2008 	Best value for fair price	I can just say that we were suprised by overall service in Viking hotel. We immidiatelly noticed that hotel was recentlly refurbished, and that was very clean. Room was very nice and bathroom very clean. The only remark goes to bed which is litlle narrower as we are used to, but I can also say, that we are litlle spoiled by our king size bed at home. Breakfast was nice, nothing special, but you could eat as much as you like.So if somebody wants to go to London and sleep in hotel for fair price - I recomend Viking hotel.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fantastic value!!!!!!!	Fantastic hotel in the east end of london - stayed here as went to a festival in Victoria Park (E3) - brand new place with rooms outside the back - chalet style. Paid £54 for a double room including breakfast AND secure car parking!! Spotless room-ended up with a triple! tea and coffee facilities, tv, fan, shower etc all brand new and spotless. 10 minutes to Stratford tube station by foot.	
Oct 31 2009 	Consigliabile un po fuori mano ma meglio probilmente di molti altri!		
Oct 28 2009 	sobre propre		
Jul 27 2009 	Semplice pulito carino e comodo		
Jun 29 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jun 7 2009 	consigliatissimo		
Apr 15 2009 	Buen hotel para ser Londres		
Mar 13 2009 	pulito tranquillo comodo da raggiungere con i mezzi		
Mar 5 2009 	consigliatissimo!!!		
Nov 12 2008 	Ordine e pulizia ma....		
Nov 12 2008 	Ottimo hotel super consigliato		
Oct 26 2008 	correct entre potes		
