Nov 20 2009 	Not Bad but quite expensive	The Location of this hotel is excellent &amp; I found it to be more than adequate for my 1 night central London stay. The west-end is a comfortable 5-10 minute walk.Ok IT IS expensive, there is no doubt about that &amp; the rooms are quite small But then I guess thats what you get for this kind of excellent location...(Breakfast was quoted as being £17.50!!!!!!) - I declinedThat said, my room was clean &amp; comfortable whilst I found the staff to be friendly &amp; helpful throughout. The hotel has a nice cosy bar area.I've stayed in worse.	
Nov 15 2009 	Better than expected	After booking a theatre package I happened on poor reviews for this hotel. Four of us in two double rooms were expecting the worst but were pleasantly surprised. Despite needing an overall lick of paint inside at least the rooms were clean and comfortable. The shower room was small but also very clean and functional. Every item we expected in the room was in working order and intact. We did arrive at a busy time for breakfast but were forewarned this would happen. Despite this the table linen was changed between sittings, the choice of food was good and frequently topped up.More coffee and toast was offerred despite the fact there were not many staff. I dont think one member of staff in the hotel was English yet they were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Maybe an overall three star rating would be better yet take off the price of our theatre ticket we only paid £70 per head bed and breakfast. We cannot complain for central London.	
Sep 21 2009 	Biggest rip-off hotel I have ever stayed in.	I booked this hotel for an anniversary trip into London with my wife based on their glowing descriptions of being &quot;London's leading independent luxury hotels&quot;. This it certainly is not. If I decide to book a budget hotel anywhere in the world, at a budget price, I am prepared to make allowances. If I am paying £161 per night for an executive double room,on the promise of luxury, that is what I will be expecting. The first room we were given was minute and had the smallest toilet and shower cubicle I have ever seen. When I queried it with the reception, I was assured that this was an executive room but they would change it for one with a bath. The second room was just as small but contained a tiny bath no longer than 4 feet. It was almost impossible to walk around the bed, which looked remarkably like the bed in their publicity photograph except smaller, It was covered in cushions, which then had to be piled up in the corner next to the wardrobe, leaving nowhere for a suitcase.  I was aware that our rate only included a continental breakfast and that a full english breakfast would be extra. What I did not expect was, on arrival at the breakfast room, (I would not call it a restaurant as it was a dark dingy room in the basement) to see a queue of disgruntled people sitting on a line of chairs as though they were waiting for the dentist to be told that we were all waiting for tables for breakfast. This small room held only around 12 tables, there were already 9 people in front of us in the queue. The very pleasant but clueless Eastern European waitress came to the first couple to apologise that she only had a table for 4 people and that she could not let them have it unless they were prepared to negotiate a sharing arrangement with the next 2 people in the queue behind them. Being English and polite they, of course, agreed as they did not want to make a fuss, unlike me!. When I protested to this girl that this was yet another failing of this hotel to meet the standard that it boasted about in it's marketing, her english failed her.  As other guests have pointed out, the staff were for the most part Eastern European and as polite and helpful as they can be, but, they are clearly working under the constraints of a penny pinching management who are running this operation on a shoestring. My advice is do not go anywhere near this place. I cannot say it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in as I have spent more than 40 years travelling the world on business and I have stayed in some horrors but it is probably the worst value I have ever experienced.	
Aug 4 2009 	Expensive for what it is.	Four of us stayed here for two nights on business. My room was small and very cramped in what was once evidently the basement. It was also stiflingly hot and there was no air conditioning anywhere in the hotel. One of my colleagues also had a tiny room. The other two rooms were reasonable.On the first night the four of us ate in the hotel and it was ominous when there was no-one else dining at all and we were in the dining room from 6:30 - 8:15pm!!The food was ok, but very small portions. After meal coffee was cold and the beer was warm!! all for £25 per head. The staff throughout the hotel were pleasant and courteous and worked hard, which was the redeeming factor for the hotelI would not stay there again, Premier Inns are much better. If you do stay there eat out at the italian across the road, good value, fantastic service and fabulous food!	
Jul 18 2009 	Horrible Hotel	I booked this room as the Grange Langham Court is supposedly a 4 star hotel. If it is categorised as a 4 star, my room was 2 star at best. On the lower ground floor it had bars on the window and a view of a generator which was on and off every 60 seconds throughout the night. Situated next to a building site the noise started early and complimented the noise from the breakfast room which was virtually opposite my room. There were also a pile of chairs outside the room and staff lugging them around periodically. I was told there was wireless but it didn't work in my room, too far underground I think. The cherry on the cake was the fact that the room smelt of urine. All that for a bargain £129. On Friday morning I could not wait to get away from the Grange Langham Court and I definitely won't be going back!	
Jul 3 2009 	friendly helpful staff lovely room would stay again	Booked through ticket tree with tickets for show for my 50th Birthday weekend together with 8 friends. Read reviews before we went and was a little concerned as to what we would find as some where far from complimentary. We were aware we could not book in until 2pm but on arrival at 10.00 am we were booked in and were allowed to book in our cases so we did not have to drag them around London and on the Sunday when we booked out after a lovely breakfast they were happy for us to leave our cases there and collect them at the end of the day before catching train home. Taxis were called for us throughout the weekend. I even requested an iron when we got back to our hotel at 1 am in the morning so I could use it in the morning and it was brought up to my room within 10 minutes together with ironing board in tow. Couldnt ask for more. We booked 2 double rooms and one triple. The triple was a little small but all rooms were clean, nicely decorated and adequate for the weekend. I was well chuffed with my room as it was the biggest of the 4. Nice small friendly hotel, adequate for an overnight stay, would book again.	
Jun 26 2009 	Avoid at all costs	I stay at the Grange Langham on businessregularly and it gets worse everytime, my gripes are as follows:1. Small, dirty rooms. Bathrooms particularly filthy.2. Unfriendly and rude staff who do not speak good English.3. Check in/out times take forever.4. Food/room service is appalling.The only thing going for this hotel is the location, there are plenty better choices close by. A colleague of mine stayedat the nearby Holiday Inn and said it is cheaper and cleaner.In summary, avoid at all costs. Seriously.	
Apr 29 2009 	A complete joke - but we see the funny side ...... Just	We stayed at this hotel as it was in with a theatre ticket that we won so was effectively free. As a result, we were able to laugh at the appalling quality of this hotel. Had we paid ANYTHING AT ALL, it would have been a different matter.For starters, on arrival there was no-one around he seemed bothered that we were looking lost and not knowing what to do or where to go. Then when someone finally showed any interest, they were of some background which does not appear to understand any form of english language.Then, the laughs started when we got to our room.This was billed as 4 star accomodation.Our room had a double bed that was one of those &quot;folds into the wall&quot; type that you usually get in a caravan !!!!The leg that propped the bed up was not fitted and with a slight tap of the foot as I walked past, the bed came crashing onto the ground.The &quot;double bed&quot; had 2 x single quilts supplied.Our room was on the ground floor, right next to the street. The bathroom window looked straight out onto the street and the bath was positioned directly under the window. This window had no blind or curtain whatsoever. The window was frosted but to anyone walking down the street, a free &quot;peepshow&quot; might as well be on offer. To overcome this, I used one of the single quilts and stuck it up at the window.We went with the intention of having a good weekend and did not let this mediocre hotel dampen our spirits so just laughed it all off.A day or so after getting home, I thought it would be interesting to see what the hotel had to say about our weekend so I sent an email of complaint.The reply ........ a special reduction for a future stay at the same hotel.Thanks, but a big NO THANKS.Would I recommend this hotel to anyone ? Well, it depends.If you are paying for your accomodation : absolutely no way would I recommend it.If your accomodation is free ......... you could probably still find better elsewhere !!!!!!	
Apr 14 2009 	very nice hotel would go back again	The hotel rooms we had were comfortable clean and modern,there was no bath but the rooms had a lovely shower room.The staff at reception and the bar area were very pleasant and could not do enough for you.I have stayed in 4 star in london many times and yes it does not have loads of facilities but it was small and friendly and in a very good location.I would stay at this hotel again anytime.	
Feb 26 2009 	Don't stay here	We booked for a theatre break for my husbands special birthday. The room was below stairs, dreadful, not even a 2 ** rating. We were very disapointed. We stuck in the lift which was very scary only to be told that it is always happening. Reception was poor, the staff were too busy answering the phone to deal with guests properly.	
Nov 4 2008 	Extremely disappointing	This is not a 3 star hotel. It must barely be a 2 star in reality. We booked our room on the day and weren't told that the Bistro was closed. We were given a choice of a dingy room on the lower ground floor which smelled of smoke or one the size of a shoe box. The room was sold as double room but the bed was in fact a 3/4 bed and there was no room to even put our bags down and still walk round the bed! As the Bistro was closed, we had to have dinner in the poky room and the food was truly awful. I sent my sandwich back twice as the first time the bread was stale and the second time what was supposed to be toasted sandwich turned our to be cold toast with ham and cheese on it rather then being all toasted together. As if that wasn't bad enough to ruin our night in London, at 7.30 the fire alarm went off and once awake we were told that this happens often when a customer smokes when they shouldn't do in their room. I have travelled and stayed in many hotels in my life and I honestly think this is one of the worst. I'm now kicking myself I didn't check trip advisor first! The only redeeming feature was the staff, who were, despite all the problems, really lovely people, very professional and as helpful as they could be in the circumstances.	
Oct 20 2008 	4* - Very shabby	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Grange Langham Court in a party of 5, we were all left feeling far from happy or comfortable with our stay. Rooms were small, worn and not that clean with the exception to the linens which were lovely and fresh. Fixtures, fittings and furniture were all of poor cleanliness standard it was as hough the whole of rthe room needed a good deep clean, this tarit was through out the hotel including the restaraunt, breakfast room and lounge were the same. Reception and concierge staff were very polite and helpful altough waitress staff having a slight language barrier came across as rude and their appearance was poor.If you are looking to stay for a bit of comfort and pampering this is not the place for you. if you are looking for a quick saty and no frills then this is ok. I wouldn't sytay again.Good location for shopping and theatre all within strolling distance nd short cab ride.I think the ratings are a bit out.	
Oct 16 2008 	Well Placed but see the room before you stay	This is a good looking hotel with a good location within walking distance of Oxford Circus. The reception area and lounge are fine but once you get below stairs the picture changes. The rooms are tiny and the double I was given had the bed pushed against the wall, The window looked onto an outside stairway to the restaurant so could not be used for ventilation without heavy curtaining and the bathroom was miniscule with a poorly draining shower. A caravaner would have coped better than me with the kettle, TV and trouser press provided in the cramped working space.Breakfast was served in another subterranean room and was a generous buffet, not inexpensive and with no choice of a cheaper continental version.There are lots of staff who are invariably cheerful and helpful but they have to defend the indefensible.	
Dec 16 2007 	Nothing special	A 4 star it certainly isn't!The rooms are particularly small and not at all like the photos they portray on the web site. I showed the receptionist the room on their website and told them that this is why I booked their hotel. My original allocated room was then changed to a much brighter and slightly larger room - happy days.The hotel itself is a five minute walk from Oxford Circus tube and the London Palladium. Its situated off Great Portland Street. However, its in rather a dark area and the walk from Oxford Street at night isn't particularly enjoyable - it'd be fine in summertime! To make us feel even less safe, the bookmakers on the corner of the road that the hotel was on was robbed during broad daylight - cops everywhere!!!The staff are wonderful though - faultless. They cannot do enough for you and are a great advert for the hotel.	
Nov 5 2007 	Claustrophobic at the Grange Langham Court	We booked at a different Grange Hotel which had more facilities (baths in rooms, mini bar, iron and board in room, draught beer in the bars) but were transferred to this one and told it was the same. - thank god it was in a similar location 5 minutes down the road because this is the hotels only good point. We were told we were being transferred becasue someone had not checked out of the room we had originally booked and there was nothing they could do about it. Very disappointed - room was tiny - smallest hotel room I've ever been in and for the price it was disgraceful. We were only staying for 1 night so just had overnight bags. Had we have suitcases I don't know what we would have done since there was nowhere to put them.Bed comfortable and clean but very small - not a double size. No bath, only tiny shower, no mini bar, we had to ask for an iron and board and then return it to reception ourselves. No discount or apology for a basement room with a window that looked staight onto a wall.When we complained they seemed confused as to what was the problem and offered a free breakfast (which involved a 40 minute wait and was not good). We said it wasn't acceptable since facilities we had booked were not available and were offered a free dinner in the restaurant (we already had dinnerereservations though), then offered a taxi to our restaurant but we had specifically chosen the hotel so we could walk to it, then a voucher off a future stay but since we have no intention of staying again this was useless. We eventually took a free bottle of wine and a complaint form to send to management. The problem with this hotel is that for the prices charged and the description of itself as 4 star you have certain expectations which are nowhere near met. It was clean and in a good location but room facilities, food and staff service are all 2/3 star at the most.	
Oct 22 2007 	had a great time	we booked 2 rooms one a twin and one a triple, the rooms were clean and newly decorated. The hotel staff were fantastic especially the porters who took the time to go and flag a black cab for us, no easy task as the rugby was about to start. The breakfast was continental, although it would have been nice to have the option to pay for a 'full english'.the location was ideal and even though it was a 5 minute walk to Oxford street the surrounding area was quiet.we would stay here again it was excellent value for money	
Oct 15 2007 	Nightmare Room - Barely room to swing the cat !!	This hotel has to have been the most disappointing I have ever stayed in !! Myself and my wife booked this hotel on the basis of location and the pictures we saw on the hotels website. It was not cheap by any standard but represented reasonable value for where it was. What a surprise when we got there. The room we got was barely big enough for a single. A four foot six inch bed hardly fit in the room and the wardrobe was a joke. As we arrived late, the person on the desk was as helpful as he could be but his English was poor and he was wearing a shirt that looked like it had not been washed in a month. He literally looked like he had just got off a boat from some foreign port. Being so late, we just used the room to sleep in and checked out the next morning. It was intersting to meet a fellow traveller at the reception desk who had checked in at the same time as us, also checking out and having a row with the hotel recception as they wanted him to pay for the second night event though has was leaving. Unbelievable!! Our weekend was saved by getting a junior suite in the amazing Millenium Hotel in Knightsbridge for the remaining two nights in London. They facilitated us checking in at 9.30 am on the morning of our arrival and could not have been more helpful in everyway. It was more expensive but it was worth every penny. A great weekend from there on in.	
Oct 13 2007	pretty poor	When I arrived was very disappionted. A very small hotel, small room. A long way to the third floor with only a tiny 2 person lift!! barely 3 star. Poor value. Avoid if at all possible.By contrast the Grange Holborn is very good, but then again that is not a 5* but a 4*. I think they have got their ratings wrong!	
Jun 16 2007 	Where is the management?	After a tiring day at work and a long journey, we arrived at the Grange at 10.45pm, looking forward to a comfortable bed, drink and something to eat. We were informed by the man on reception that we were being transfered to a sister hotel at the other side of Hyde Park: he would order a car to take us there. No further explaination was forthcoming and his poor English made further investigation difficult. We arrived at the sister hotel at 11.55, a £20 taxi ride away from the area of London we had arranged to stay in. Negotiations for compensation were difficult, due to the lack of management available throughout our stay there - we were promised certain things, then agreements were renaged upon. Each time we arrived at reception, other residents were complaining about being overbooked or lack of service. We will certainly read reviews more thoroughly before we book a London hotel again!	
May 28 2007 	Only 4* thing is the location!	Just back from a weekend trip in London, stayed at the Grange Langham Hotel, on arrriving we were very disappointed, we had booked a twin room, it was absolutely tiny, after making a complaint they took their time in offering us another room which was in the basement next to the wine bar, needless to say we didn't take that room, eventually after lenthgy discussions they gave us an executive suite which was better but just about similar to standard rooms in most hotels, what really annoyed us was that the staff were far from friendly and looked at us as if we were from outer space when we explained why we were not pleased with the room, it took 2 hours to rectify!!! In saying all that the location is superb, the beds themselves were comfortable and the breakfast was fantastic which we ordered to the room both mornings for only a charge of £2. I wouldn't go back though.....oh and no air conditioning!	
Mar 14 2007 	Sorry to say not 4 Star	The hotel was OK (Just) but the rooms were very very small, could not take the cat as it would not have any room for exercise.Good location for the sights and theatres and has a few restaurants and pubs near. But would not recommend it other than for its location. There are far better hotels in the area that really are 4 star. If you only want a place to sleep and shower then it,s ok but not cheap.	
Feb 7 2007	Awesome!	Absolutely disappointing- smoking room although not booked- disturbing noises from the staff 6 am and 12pm- had to wait for breakfast 20 min although room half empty- uncoordinated, unfriendly staff- dirty room which needs refurbishment- broken radiatiors - not possible to turn off- broken window - not possible to open	
Feb 4 2007 	2 star acting as 4 star	Did not think too much of this hotel and thought it was overpriced for what it was. Staff are ok, particularly the poter but hotel seems a little shabby and could do with a refurb. Room was ok but small, as expected. I am surprised this is a 4 star as it seemed more like a 2 star. I paid GBP 100 which included breakfast, thank goodness, as it was over GBP 20.00. Breakfast is taken in a small basement room and was nothing special. Location is ideal as it is a 5 minute walk from Oxford Street. Fairly quiet area but with pubs, restaurants and shops right beside it. The rates seem to differ so shop around.	
Feb 2 2007 	Not worth it.	A horrible smokey atmosphere greeted me at this hotel. The reception is next to the bar/lounge area and the smoke just drifts through. Whilst I was checking in the assistant kept anwering the phone and kept apologising for the delay. It took over 10 minutes to check in despite being the only person there. I confirmed at check in that my company had paid for the room and the cost of breakfast the next morning. The room was on the fourth floor at the back of the hotel. It wasn't as clean as it could of been, and the bathroom had an unpleasent damp smell. The towel rail was half hanging off the wall. I soon found out why. The showeroom is very small, and when sitting on the loo my nose was only a inch from the tiled wall. The only way to sit down on the loo was to hang on to the towel rail!!After going out for dinner my card would not open the room, and it took two trips to reception for them to finally send someone to reset the electronic lock.The walls are pretty thin and I could easily hear someone's TV well into the night.The breakfast is terrible. At breakfast they informed me that breakfast hadn't been paid for by my company - I had to sort this out later at the reception by showing them a copy of their own invoice. The food at breakfast was disgusting. Little fresh fruit, soggy toast, and coffee that I can best decribe as 'smoked'. All in all a horrible breakfast room in the basement with rude unfriendly staff.	
Dec 15 2006 	Great Location Good Hotel	I travel to London on business each week and regularly stay at this hotel. At first, I wasn't sure about it, but here's some facts1. The rooms vary greatly - try and go for one at the back as it'll be quieter.2. The fittings are all of good quality - they are currently re-carpeting some rooms and putting in new curtains/bed furnishings etc The beds are comfortable.3. You will not find a big room here - either average or smaller than average. There's no aircon, so the hotel will be cheaper in the summer months.4. The bar area is lovely - big cosy sofas and very reasonably priced drinks. 5. The location is fab - good for Oxford Street/Regent Street, not to mention a lovely pub called the Yorkshire Grey and a good pizza place - Sergios just across the road. Plus 2 late night shops within 1-2 mins walk6. The rooms are spotlessly clean and the staff helpful and friendly.7. From personal experience - you could do a LOT worse!	
Dec 8 2006 	Overpriced underdelivered	* Room was not ready at 3pm. Receptionist said that checkin after 2pm did not guarantee the room would be ready at 2pm and expected us to walk the streets until room ready at 4pm* Three sleeper room was very small. One single bed and a small double bed - the double bed had two single quilt covers* Bright neon lights outside shone through the curtains and was on all night* Most staff were eastern european and couldnt speak much english* Internet access was extortionate at £2 for 15 minutes* Ordered coffee in the bar which was cold* Ordered an iron to the room which did not workAll in all, a disappointing stay for what is an overpriced hotel.	
Nov 26 2006 	Good but not great	Booked directly through the hotel for a good price - avg $200/night for this excellent location and thoroughly enjoyable hotel.Everything in London is expensive. Langhan Court, while not cheap, was a good value for a great location and convenient hotel. Near Oxford Circus tube stop which is very central to most things in London.It is not a luxury hotel but not a tourist class hotel either. The star rating system is very arbitrary in my opinion. I would rate this as a 3.5 star. Nice comfy beds, clean crispy sheets, marble baths, adequate size rooms for London. Major drawback with the Langham Court is lack of management on site. Mostly Eastern European staff with limited English language skills. Seemed like they dreaded seeing you coming because they knew you'd ask something that they wouldn't be able to answer. Every transaction was difficult and drawn out with the little English that all the staff seemed to know. Definitely not a place to stay if you depend on a concierge to make recommendations, reservations, etc.All in all, a more than adequate place to stay and a good value for the price. Skip the breakfast - expensive and not good. Go around the corner to one of the several little delis nearby for a good cup of cappucino and a nice bacon and egg breakfast for $10.	
Nov 20 2006	Tremendous location for walking everywhere - great breakfast!	After an initial problem with a tiny, ground floor room facing onto the street, we were accommodated on level three in a great room which met all of our requirements. This is a hotel fantastically located within walking distance of just about every part of London, and the staff could not have been more helpful. Would definitely stay here again - and may do so on September 2008 - God willing.	
Oct 25 2006 	Terrible place-Don't waste your money !!	We have stayed in this hotel a few times over the last couple of years and each stay has been increasingly worse. We checked in at 2 pm with the unfriendly receptionist ( had someone died just before we turned up ?) only to be given keys to a room in the basement that wasn't made up, and when I complained we were given another miniscule room on the mezzanine level of the 1st floor with sloping walls with a slightly larger than single bed which was passed off as a double. In addition the room stunk of smoke. (We had specifically asked for a Non Smoking double).Unfortunately, as we were running late I didn't have time to complain about the 2nd room as well..I would suggest that the Grange Langham Court could do worse than spend some money on curtains that actually cover the windows and that do not look like swiss cheese due to moths. At breakfast the extremely stressed waitresses were struggling to cope with the amount of tables crammed into a dining room the size of a postage stamp.All in all, I would rather sleep rough in London than pay for another nights stay at this so called &quot;hotel&quot;.	
Aug 26 2006 	Would stay here again	This hotel is in a lovely area with little cafes, restaurants and pubs outside the door. The staff were immediately friendly and we felt quite welcome. Looks like a large hotel from outside but its actually quite small. We were shocked when we got into our room as we could barely turn around in it. The bathroom was unbelievably small and we were disappointed. However in the end it was fine, we made do and it didnt seem so bad. White bed clothes are not good when two girls are slapping on fake tan (we do apologise). The hotel is maybe a 15 minute walk to Oxford Street/Regent Street etc. It is also within walking distance of Leicester Square, Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square. I would recommend this hotel as it is quiet, fairly central and the staff are extremely helpful. The nearest tube station is Oxford Circus.	
Jul 4 2006	Great location excellent staff	The hotel is an Edwardian building whose last renovation took place about ten years ago, its chief distinguishing feature being an exterior totally clad in black and white tiles. Although self-rated as four-star, it’s really about three. Rooms are average size for London, with faded but serviceable décor, and the standard Grange Hotels marble-tiled bathroom. Reception is efficient and friendly, and support staff are excellent. Because of the age of the building, the overall feel is ‘compact’, especially the lift. Best rates are to be gained by late booking (we paid GBP60 for a double with continental breakfast at the weekend). No air-conditioning, but we stayed in a heatwave and managed with an open window. Location is excellent – just north of Oxford Circus in a tree-lined street, and surrounded by restaurants and pubs. Overall, excellent value for money if you get the right rate (book on the Grange website within two weeks of arrival)	
May 27 2006	Happy with stay	We just stayed here for 5 nights. Booked on-line with HotelDoorman for a quad with breakfast included. Dates booked for were mixed up but reception resolved them. Room given was a triple with cot bed added. Room was small, faced inner courtyard and was quiet, no air-con. However room and toilet were clean, beds soft. Great buffet breakfast with sausage, scrambled eggs - don't be late as goodies run out. Staff was polite and helpful. A convenient 5 mins walk to Oxford St and Tube. In-house Vino Restaurant offered great 2 course dinner menu for 7GBP, MacDonalds and Starbucks a short walk away. In all no complaints for the price.	
May 14 2006	It's quite good!	I stayed at this hotel with my partner for 1 night on 13th May. We got a room for £80 as a late room deal and I think we got a bargain, as breakfast (all you can eat continental buffet), was included. The staff were friendly (and smartly dressed) and check in was quick and efficient. Our room was on the first floor at the back of the hotel and although it was small, it was very clean and well presented. The bed was extremely soft with a big duvet, a bit like sleeping on a huge marshmallow but it was really comfortable. The TV had Sky Sports 1 and 2 as well as terrestrial channels. There was no mini bar (but not sure whether there should be in a 4 star hotel) and no air con. Some of the decor needs attention and there were some minor repairs that were required - eg the bathroom door knob was broken, the bathroom sink tap needed mending but, on balance it was a quiet room in a nice hotel on a lovely back street away from the noise and bustle of Regent St. The hotel is very close to the BBC building and also opposite the Yorkshire Grey pub where BBC radio presenters apparantly drink! If I had the choice I'd rather stay at Jurys Russell Hotel which has slightly better rooms and a slightly better location but this one is smaller, cheaper and a good base to hit Oxford/ Regent Street. I'd certainly stay here again because if you get a deal with breakfast it's a bargain being so close to the shops. All in all we had a good stay and would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 12 2006	I liked it!	My husband and I stayed at the Langham Court Hotel last March and we enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel is very well located, only five minutes walk from Oxford Circus. It is true that the rooms are a little bit small, but they are also comfortable and clean. Bathroom was also small but the shower was fantastic!The staff were very friendly and we had no problems at all. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 26 2006 	Honest its not THAT bad!	I stayed here on business for one night on March 17th. The hotel is situated up a small street which is not too noisy and is only a 5-10 minute walk from Oxford Street and the underground at Oxford Circus. The hotel looks lovely from the outside and has a lot of character on the inside. On arrival, the reception staff were extremely efficient and very helpful regarding directions and the surrounding area.I was booked in to a twin room on the first floor, and my room was to the front of the hotel. The room was very much on the small side, and probably could do with some new decor but it was absolutely immaculate. I had a tiny en-suite bathroom with shower only but this was not a problem for me.The room had the usual amenities, trouser press, hairdryer, tea and coffee tray. Satellite television also included the movie channels which was a bonus. There is a 24 hour room service menu which after 21.30 only really offers drinks and sandwiches but if you want more, Oxford Street has an abundance of places to eat. The food which was served in the Langhams Brasserie was served extremely quickly by waitresses who were fabulous! Very polite and extremely pleasant. I could not fault the service or food at all.The beds are verrrrryyyyyy soft and yes, they do creak every time they move and, I would recommend trying to get a room at the back of the hotel if possible as there is a small pub across the road, and, whilst it wasn't noisy at night, I was awoken at 7 am to the sound of a lorry delivering to the pub.The only real problem I had was that my window was extremely draughty. I had to turn my radiator up in my room to combat this, and luckily there were extra blankets in the wardrobe that I used, I didn't feel it was enough for me to complain about however. As someone mentioned in another review, there is no adjustable climate control in the rooms and this could be a problem in the summer.Also if you are looking for wi-fi internet access this does not have any, but, the pub across the road is a hot-spot!All in all, I liked this hotel, I would probably stay here again, to be honest I have stayed in far worse 4 or 5 star hotels with no character. This had loads.Its a great little Central London budget hotel!!!!!	
Jan 17 2006	Getting shabby OK as a last resort	Have stayed here on and off for about three years. It's OK , but starting to look a bit shabby - eg blotters on reception have small clocks showing world time and these are torn and marked ith a couple of the clocks missing. It's like the manager is walking round looking and not caring, which is a bit sad.Room was OK, clean, but again looking a bit shabby as if the management is determined not spend a single penny on maintenance.Staff generally polite and helpful.Breakfast acceptable, but with cold plates for the hot breakfast.All in all, I wouldn't stay here if I could get in somewhere else, but if you have to stay here it's a faintly depressing experience but not a disaster.	
Nov 8 2005	Pleasant enough good location.	I've stayed here twice this year and on both occasions I found it pleasant enough. The first time was for a friend's stag-do in April and the second was when my wife and I has a weekend in London in the summer.The hotel is in a fairly decent easy to find location close to Oxford Street. The rooms clean but are quite small, however on both occasions we didn't spend a great deal of time in the room so it didn't matter that much.Both times we had a room at the front of the hotel which was okay - but extremely noisy early in the morning when the bottles and stuff are being collected from the nearby bars.The continental breakfast was decent enough but the dining room was in a very strange place - almost in the basement. The bar is very small and does not serve draught beers - only bottled, and there doesn't appear to be a restaurant in the hotel strangely. However neither of those mattered because there are plenty of pubs, bars and restaurants close by.The staff could have been a bit more friendly, I think out of all the staff we encountered on both visits there was only one receptionist who spoke more than a couple of words to us.I did get a very good deal on this hotel through an internet hotel reservations site - and I have based my review on that - had I paid full price I would probably have been disappointed.	
Jul 28 2005	How is this 4star?	On arrival at this hotel we were told we no longer had a room due to a technical problem and had been moved to another hotel. Despite providing home and mobile phone numbers on reservation no attempt was made to warn me prior to arrival. As we had also requested an early check in so we could get changed because we were attending a wedding early that afternoon, this proved to be a major inconvenience. Eventually they bumped some other poor souls and gave us a room. I say a room; it was smaller than most cupboards and hadn't been cleaned. The complementary breakfast was horrible too, served in a dining room with no windows that felt like a cellar or boiler room. Recently we stayed in two 3star accommodations in USA that were so far superior in all aspects to this hotel, especially service, that I feel embarrased for American visitors to our country. When will we learn to stop putting up with this rubbish? A two star hotel at best.	
Jul 11 2005	Good location but oh! those beds - yuk!!	We stayed for 2 nights (2 adults, 2 children) - location was excellent, just a short walk to Oxford Street etc - but sadly, the hotel did have some fairly serious failings. The room size was small - that is often the case in London, especially for family rooms - but the beds were really awful. I have stayed in hotels all around the world and have never before come across such truly appalling beds – they were so very uncomfortable and very noisy as soon as anyone moved. We only stayed for the second night as we’d effectively paid in advance. The hotel itself was clean and the breakfast adequate (although no more than that). The restaurant was closed in the evening, although no-one seemed to know why, so I can’t comment further on the food. Further on Friday night, noise from one of the nearby pubs went on until quite late &amp; certainly kept the adults awake. I thought other reviewers may have over-played this bed issue, but sadly not. Overall I couldn’t recommend this to anyone simply because of the awful beds.	
Jun 22 2005	great location good value	This was our second stay at this hotel and we were not disappointed. We booked an executive room and while it was small, as is typical in London, we had all the amenities and a great breakfast thrown in as well. This hotel is situated near Oxford Circus and is easily accessible to all theatres and attractions. One of the highlights of our trip was a visit to Windsor Castle. We took the train (about one hour) and would certainly recommend this attraction, especially to those who may be on their second or third trip to London and have seen the major attractions.	
Mar 18 2005	Still the best little hotel we have stayed in	After booking a one night stay four years after our last visit, we then found your review page and were somewhat alarmed at some of the criticisms.Our arrival did nothing to quell our fears as we were allocated a room already occpied by a sleeping client. However, the staff quickly and efficiently put this right with a profusion of appologies and embarrasment.After that things settled down and to our relief we found the place much unchanged. The room was as we remembered, small but spotless and well furnished, OUR bed was perfectly acceptable, and it was nice to have proper pillows. The brasserie which is open to 11pm is a perfect little haven and ideal for a late night glass after a visit to the theatre. We ate here also and the food was of a good standard, evidenced by its popularity with the locals at lunch time. The staff may be largely non-English but they could not be more pleasant and helpful. Our one warning would be NOT to use cabs booked by the hotel, the one were supplied with was twice as expensive as a black cab; take the short walk to Gt. Portland street and hail one for yourself.	
Mar 17 2005	clean centrally located		
Dec 29 2004	Home from Home		
Aug 23 2004	VERY CENTRAL BUT ROOMS SMALL		
Apr 1 2004	Oh that uncomfortable bed!		
Jan 31 2004	Excellent value clean and comfortable great breakfast		
Jan 18 2004	What happened to this hotel?		
Nov 3 2003	Nice hotel but not to be trusted with your credit card		
Oct 27 2003	I was very pleased		
Aug 15 2003 	no air conditioning or water coolers		
Jun 12 2003	Home away from home on the Grange		
Jan 8 2009 	Piccolo ma in posizione strategica.		
Jan 1 2009 	??????????????????		
Feb 27 2008 	Muy bien situado pero habitación MUY pequeña		
Feb 26 2008 	lovely place to stay!hotel incantevole centralissimo.		
