Nov 17 2009 	Small rooms; awful beds; tini bathrooms... bad experience	The location is perfect, 1m walking from sloane square tube station. The rooms, bed, toilets and breakfast are very poor. It's bad value for the money. I won't comeback!	
Oct 16 2009 	Great hotel	Location is fantastic. Walk to anything, tube right next door. Stayed in a quiet room at the back of the hotel, the room was not ready per my arrangements on arrival, but this was fixed promptly. An incorrect charge on my bill later on was also reverted instantly. Helpful staff, chic rooms, restaurant not recommended.	
Oct 12 2009 	best location and wonderful hotel	cant be beat on location. step out of tube station and cross road, that easy. taxis out side hotel if thats what you want. shops on kings road will keep you busy. much night life around and the botanist bar/restaurant a hive of activity. be sure to have the tea in there, the tray of goodies is very english and a delight to eat.hotel service not to fault in any way. staff let me into room early when i arrived. rooms small but still having all needed, space in this part of london not cheap!	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Service 	From the moment I arrived at the Sloane Square Hotel I was made to feel very welcome. All members of Staff provided excellent and friendly service. Nothing was too much trouble. The bed provided and excellent night's sleep and the bathroom was to die for! The Chelsea Brasserie provided a first class dinner and breakfast. I stay away on business frequently, often in 'chain' Hotels. The Sloane Square Hotel, as far as I could see, an independently owned Hotel, provided a fantastic overall experience. I would definitely return to this Hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fashionable convenient. Tiny bathroom Yikes!	I was on holiday in London for eight days recently and selected the Sloane Square Hotel because of its location, the lovely photographs shown on its website, and the reviews about it on Trip Advisor. The hotel is located in a very safe, quiet, and fashionably upscale area of London. There are lots of designer boutiques and department stores nearby, plus some great french eateries such as Oriel and Chelsea Brasserie. The Botanist next door seemed to be very popular with the afterwork drinking set, but the crowd was always well-dressed, well-heeled, and well-behaved. The tube station is just a few steps away from the hotel and taxi cabs queue up on the south side of the square, so available transportation was never an obstacle. Although I was traveling solo, I requested a double room upon the advice of several London tour books. Plus, from the pictures of the single rooms, I didn’t fancy sleeping on what looked essentially like a day bed or chaise lounge. But my double room was freshly decorated, cleverly designed, and quite comfortable. Yes, it was extremely small compared to four-star accommodations in the US, but just slightly less so than comparable rooms in New York or San Francisco. I was assigned to room 119, with an adorable window seat overlooking a lovely view of the square. I did not find the room to be noisy whatsoever, although I had read that might be a possibility. All of the standard amenities were present, although it was apparent that the room had been very painstakingly designed to incorporate the expected features into such limited square footage.But then there was the bathroom, which transported the word 'small' to an entirely new universe. The entire bathroom was maybe 7 feet long x 30 inches wide wall to wall. That's about 2-1/4 meters by 0-3/4 meters for you ‘metric minds’. I am not exaggerating; the bathroom door opened inwardly just far enough to allow one to slip inside before the door swing was arrested by the toilet. It would be simple enough to re-hinge the door so that it would open outwardly into the bedroom, but well, that would be a logical solution to this design enigma. There was an 8” deep shelf which ran the length of the bath, sans shower space, on which to place ones toiletries. Caution: pack toilet items sparingly. The space allotted for the shower was approximately the interior of a Port-o-let, maybe 24 inches (60 cm) square. Expect to bump elbows and knees while sudsing up. Contemplate packing snorkeling apparatus for adequate breathing during the showering experience.For those who would prefer not to wash one's hair during each shower, I would suggest the use of multiple shower caps (as many as one can fit onto one's pate). Yet if a clean scalp and bouncy fresh hair is desired and you intend to rely on using the hairdryer supplied by the hotel, prepare yourself for yet another unique adventure in human hygiene. Don't wait until exiting the Port-o-let, er, shower to locate the appliance; you'll only waste valuable drying time. The bibelot can be found in the desk drawer next to the bed, naturally, so no need to call the front desk as I did. Upon discovery of the palm-sized device, take a few moments to be amazed by the genius of German engineering. Consider how hard they must have worked to create a gadget for the sole use of drying the pelt of one's pet guinea pig. Once your astonishment has subsided, access the calculator function on your iPhone to determine how many hours you will need to spend using this unique and diminutive tool to dry human hair. I'm no expert in quantum mechanics, but I would suggest factoring an equation that includes hair length, strand thickness, and follicle density, wind velocity and heat (well, warmth) generated by the unit. My dense, chin-length, baby-fine hair took about an hour to dry, so if your hair’s much longer and thicker, you won’t want to rule out flagging a taxi to take you round the square a few times with your head stuck out the window. Or just hop over to nearby Peter Jones and buy a human hairdryer.The youth who managed the front desk were polite, yet I don’t believe I met but one British employee in my eight days there, other than the housekeeping staff. Evidently the hotel management believes non-English speaking Europeans teenagers as the ‘face’ of the hotel conveys just the right degree of sophistication they’re aiming for. As for the Concierge, well I did spot an area allocated for one; I just never spotted an actual Concierge during my entire stay. Helpful hint: familiarize yourself with every square inch of London before booking your accommodation here.Laptop computers are provided in each room, as is an electric kettle for the making of instant coffee each morning. Yum. I found the kettle more useful than the computer since the hotel charges £7.50 per hour to use the internet. When one’s accustomed to free Wi-Fi at virtually all US hotels nowadays, even at two and three star motels, it brings a whole new reality to Britain’s current economic crisis. Overall, the Sloane Square was a beautiful little boutique hotel with some minor drawbacks. It fell a little short on conforts de la salle de bains, but excelled on points of location, security, and glamour (eyelashes batting furiously). My recommendation: great for a romantic weekend or for a couple of nights of business travel; less so for a stay of extended duration.	
Aug 31 2009 	Best Location in London	I just returned to study in UK and while in London, I stayed at the Sloane Square Hotel. This hotel is fantastic! Although, the rooms are small, as one reviewer indicated, they were clean and well maintained. The hotel is in a great location. The staff were extremely attentive, courteous and helpful. My hat's off to the staff at the front desk. If I needed something right away -- it was there within a few minutes.This hotel may have a 4-star rating, but it has 5-star service. I stayed in room 225.	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent London Base	Such a fab location !!coming from heathrow on the tube it's just a minute from the station.A great place for a weekend base for shopping and from which to explore London. Rooms and beds are tiny but decorated beautifully and have everything to hand. The staff were efficient and friendly. There's a lovely pub called the Botanist next door which serves fantastic food all day. Will be back but would book a bigger bed!	
Jul 20 2009 	Perfect for a London City Break	My husband and I recently enjoyed a two night stay at the Sloane Square Hotel. We took advantage of their 'Summer Special' package which included dinner for two in the Chelsea Brasserie, the restaurant attached to the hotel, continental Breakfast for two and a complimentary NewspaperFrom the warm reception received as we checked in through to our departure, we really enjoyed our stay. Our room was compact but really nicely decorated and very clean; it overlooked Sloane Square and the comfortable window seat provided an excellent vantage point for people watching (or in my husband's case, luxury car watching!)Our complimentary 3 course dinner at the Chelsea Brasserie was excellent. The food was delicious and the service attentive and efficient. We were tempted to eat there the next night as well but had already arranged to meet friends elsewhere.Just be aware that Sloane Square is a busy square so there is some traffic noise if you have a room that overlooks the square. I believe there are rooms away from the Square so if this is an issue it would be worth mentioning it when you book.	
Jul 8 2009	Perfect location. Very good service!	I recently booked for a group of 23 people to stay at the Sloane Square as part of my daughters wedding celebrations. All went to plan at the hotel and the staff were very good in making the stay a pleasant one! Booking the rooms was made easy through the help of the reservations manager, Josephine, and check-in was fast and efficient with staff willing to help us to our rooms which were were well equipped and immaculately clean. Overall, this hotel is in an excellent location (ask for a room with a view of the square) and the service was very good, I will stay again! MJ	
Jun 9 2009 	Fantastic Location Treated like a VIP!	I stayed at the Sloane Square Hotel with my partner to celebrate our wedding anniversary and would thoroughly recommend this Hotel.I regularly stay away on business but the Hotel receptionist blew me away with such a polite and friendly welcome! Nothing was too much trouble thorought the stay and we even received some flowers in the room as a special anniversary gift from Mr. Portic the General Manager, a very thoughful and appreciated gesture.The Chelsea Brasserie delivered a meal of the freshest and highest quality.There are a few other Hotels to choose from on Sloane Square but save yourself the hassle of looking anywhere else, The Sloane Square will not disappoint! Will definitely stay again.	
May 24 2009 	Sloane Square Hotel...two years in a row	We stayed for one night on our way from Spain back to San Francisco. This year we had the choice room with the window seat looking out on Sloane Square...such great entertainment, a great people- watching place. It is comforting to have a place that you like to return to and feel happy with the service, the surroundings, the restaurant/bar. I love their decor, it's modern English, not Mumsy. Last year, we were coming back from Italy and tried to do alot of sight-seeing in London in one afternoon and night. Our room faced a brick wall, but had a mirror in part of the window (which was a clever touch) and it had a bigger bathroom. This year, we decided to just enjoy Sloane Square and relax for one day...it was great. I had a relaxing soak in the tub with a glass of champagne. I had always wanted to go to the brasserie on the corner, the Oriel. So, we got dressed and took some photos in the Square and then had a really great meal together. It was a warm and glowing evening...one that I will always remember. I would like to return to Sloane Square Hotel again and again.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent location shame about the traffic noise	I've stayed here twice now. The rooms are very well done, but they are small - I think compact and bijoux is the term. The decor is great. The noise from Sloane Square is enough to drive you demented - even with the earplugs, so get ready for an early start - say 5.30am. The showers are tiny - not a chance of a shower without washing your hair - so no quick wash before dinner for us ladies. Excellent location amongst the wine bars of Kensington, and just around the corner from the designer boutiques of Sloane Street. The Royal Court Theatre is just across the road too.	
Mar 30 2009 	Lovely hotel fantastic location great staff!!	Me and my boyfriend stayed here when we went down to London for the weekend. Its a really lovely hotel in a perfect location. Amazing shops right on the doorstep, most out of my price range but lovely to look in! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The Chelsea Bar in the hotel serves the most amazing cocktails - one called Elise tastes just like a sherbet fountain!!! One thing I will say, the hotel restaurant's menu looked lovely but was very quiet even for a Saturday night. It doesn't matter though as there are plenty of other great restaurants very close by - we went to the Boxwood Cafe and had a fantastic meal. We will definately be staying at Sloane Square again, hopefully very soon!	
Mar 29 2009 	Fantastic location great staff and service and great value	We were going to an event on the King's Road and had heard about the Sloane Square through a friend who had reccommended it. When we arrived we were greeted by friendly faces behind the reception desk and generally great service. Our room was much bigger than we'd expected (this being a hotel in central London) with all the expected amenities, and we got the impression that if anything had been wrong the staff would have bent over backwards to rectify it. We came back from our event pretty late and there was a night team of receptionists waiting to greet us and say goodnight. We were both amazed at how well we slept as well, it was a lot quieter than expected. Obviously the location speaks for itself as well, great bus routes and near Sloane Square tube. All in all we were very impressed and have already reccommended the Sloane Square to several friends.	
Mar 24 2009 	Dirty!!! Sloane Square Hotel does NOT live up to expectations!!!	I spent three nights in London last week with a friend, and we had chosen the Sloane Square over several competing hotels -- namely the Firmdale hotels, The Rockwell, The Pelham, etc. We liked the location, the proximity to restaurants and bars, and the hotel's apparent charm. We booked a superior double and were very excited about our upcoming stay.Suffice to say, we were immediately disappointed upon entering our room, number 326. It may have been charming or even well-designed a few years back, but it was in terrible shape: stained and uneven/bunched-up carpets, scuffed and scraped paint on the walls, and a DIRTY bathroom. At one point, I looked up from washing my face and thought to myself, &quot;I wonder if they just chose dingy paint colors?&quot; I took a tissue and wiped along the door frame and wall, and it came back BROWN with dirt. When I complained to the front desk about our disappointment over the condition of the room, they did not act concerned or even apologetic. They mentioned that we could look at another room, but made it apparent that doing so was highly inconvenient for them and they did not offer to make amends or place us somewhere better. We had already paid for our entire stay, so couldn't leave for another hotel. We spoke to another manager at the end of our stay, and while he was very embarrassed, it didn't do much to make our stay any better.Bottom line: the Sloane Square Hotel has been very poorly maintained and does not stand up to its reputation. I won't stay here again or recommend it. Choose The Pelham, Number Sixteen or The Charlotte Street over the Sloane Square any day. Hugely disappointing.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great place to stay!	This hotel offers everything for a great stay in Chelsea.Very friendly and helpful staff and a room that provided all you need for a couple of days in London.The Brasserie restaurant is a lively and warm place for dinner with an excellent menu.	
Dec 1 2008 	Week to remember	It was my first trip to England and the Sloane Square Hotel had been recomended by a friend. I called and made a reservation and the kindly reservation staff took me step by step in helping plan my stay . They suggested a king size bed after i told them it was my first trip away from home with my girlfriend. Upon arriving I was pleasantly surprised by the modern decor and closeness to all the shops on Kings Road. A great a thing about the Hotel is its' proximity to all the shops, resaturants, museums and theaters. By check in the friendly reception staff offered to book theater tickets and a reservation at the hotel Brasserie. The food was tasty and my girlfriend was pleased because they had a choice of vegetarian dishes. The room we stayed in was cosy and warm and offered internet and flat screen T.V. We really enjoyed our stay. The only downside to the trip was the constant rain outside, otherwise a pleasant stay.	
Nov 21 2008	Brilliant Stay	We had a brilliant stay at the Sloane Square Hotel.My mum and I went there for a shopping weekend. The location is just great, just a few minutes and you can be anywhere. Although the twin room where we stayed in was a bit small, but we had everything we needed in the room, even a laptop. The staff was exeptional, helped us when ever we needed them.You have to try the Chelsea brasserie, the food is so delecious.We cetainly come back next year!	
Nov 19 2008 	Love this hotel but shame about the un-comfy bed!	I have stayed at this hotel before, last time in a single room on the second floor, overlooking the square which was lovely. This time I was on the fourth floor in room 421 which was at the back of the hotel I think (the window was mirrored so I couldnt see out). The room was well appointed and nicely furnished and the bathroom was clean. The only downside to my stay this time was that the single bed was very lumpy and seemed to slope towards the middle of the room so the duvet kept falling off and I flet as though I was falling out of the bed. The room was very quiet but I did not get a good nights sleep because of the bed but otherwise a great little hotel, only next time I will ask to be facing the square again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Best kept secret	This was my first stay at the Sloane Square Hotel. One of the best locations in London, heart of Chelsea, one minut away from tube station,ten minute away from Victoria, new open Saatchi Galerry across the square. My wife was spoiled with choice of shops, from Peter Jones to Harrods. We stayed in room 418 overlooking the Square, good size room for London standards with Toshiba laptop and espresso machine.	
Oct 10 2008 	Will go back	I stayed at the Sloan Square for 5 nights in September on business. My room (#314) was cozy and I had a great view of the square. Although the view came with a price, it was a bit noisy in the morning which was no good for my jet lag, but I think I would still choose the view over sleep if given the opportunity. The hotel is in a great location and VERY close to the Underground which made it very convenient. The bar next door, The Botanist, was packed every night with businessman spilling out onto the street. I never ate breakfast at the hotel and was perfectly happy with a protein bar home and in-room coffee. However, I did try the Chelsea Brasserie one night for dinner with a friend - the food and service was good. I thought the staff, especially the gentleman that worked the front desk at night (I am sorry I did not catch his name) was very kind. I enjoyed the video rental and having a laptop in the room.The negatives would be: small shower...I read a previous review where someone described it as not suitable for anyone over the age of 12. That description was not so far off. I am lucky that I am a size 4, anyone much larger would have a hard time. I did not find any &quot;fast food&quot; at night in the area. Being that I was there on business and alone most nights, I did not necessarily want to eat at a restaurant and have a full meal. I much rather would have preferred to grab something and head back to my room and put on a movie while I ate from bed! I had trouble with my toilet, but perhaps it was just me not flushing it correctly, I called the front desk and they immediately sent someone up who was able to flush it without an issue (I felt silly but continued to have trouble - I suppose I don't have the right touch). I would have preferred an on-site gym. The hotel has it worked out where you could use a gym in a neighboring hotel for 10 GBP ($20 US) which is a bit pricey if you ask me. Speaking of pricey, the internet is something like $35US if you choose the 24hr option (not so business friendly).All in all, I enjoyed my 5 nights at Sloane Square and plan on staying there again in November. I will let you know if I master the toilet flushing in my next visit.	
Sep 24 2008 	We Go Back AND Back	Once upon a time this was THE ROYAL COURT HOTEL and my parents used to stay there. Now as senior country bumpkins ourselves we have renewed our acquaintance with the SLOANE SQUARE HOTEL. It is welcoming, well decorated and comfortable. The house service is exemplary.However, the breakfast is not up to scratch with the following complaints. The breakfast area is clinically depressing. The coffee is served from a thermos flask and not hot. There is no means of warming the cold and slightly soggy croissants. The wrapped butter portions were melted. The price of £13.50 for a continental breakfast is rotten value.We will certainly stay there again, but maybe take our breakfast elsewhere	
Jul 10 2008 	Perfect Stay	The Sloane Square Hotel is undoubtedly special.I book this hotel as a birthday gift for my girlfriend.We love every minute of our stay.On the arrival we were greeted by very friendly concierge,we stayed in room 225 which overlooks Sloane street,Tiffany and Cartier. The room was specious and very clean. Although hotel was recently refurbished I was bit disappointed with the state of corridors.Defenetly I will stay here again. Good value for money	
Jul 4 2008	Great hotel in a great location.	We are originally from London and always stay in the Sloane Square Hotel when we are back in London.The hotel is located in Chelsea, one of London’s most desirable areas, situated on the corner of Sloane Square (a famous London square) and Sloane Street, where the designer shops and the world famous Harvey Nichols department store can be found. Harrods is just around the corner.The Sloane Square Hotel is decorated in a contemporary style, modern luxury with a touch of traditional. The rooms are very clean and comfortable with flat screen TV’s and lap tops providing internet access.Sloane Square tube station is directly opposite the hotel. One stop on the tube is Victoria, providing easy access to Gatwick Airport and National Express’s national coach network. The hotel staff are extremely helpful and friendly and always remember who you are, which is one of the many reasons why The Sloane Square Hotel is our home away from home and we would never stay anywhere else whilst In London!	
May 13 2008 	a nice hotel on a perfect spot	After reading the reviews on tripadvisor.com, we did not know what to expect of this hotel; according to the reviews, not everybody had a great stay so we kept our expectations low. We choose the hotel because of the location (shopping, Kensington garden, going out) and the price. We found this hotel really good value for money. The rooms are small but nice and clean, the staff is very friendly and helpfull, f.i. when they saw us looking for a cab, they immediately came out of the front lobby to help us. We really had a nice late-night supper. I have stayed in a few hotels in this price-range in Londen. Compared to the other hotels, I can really recommend this hotel.	
Apr 2 2008 	Pampered through out!	My partner &amp; I booked a room for a Saturday's night treat and that is exactly what we received...The property's design already gave me the felling that I was going to love this place. The check-in was a welcoming, giving a nice atmosphere for the relaxing evening we were looking for.We had booked a superior room and it was spacious with a king size bed. One of the most comfortable ones I've tried. The bathroom was modern, clean and had all those little perks you like to see in a hotel. The only down side was that my partner discovered the playstation and of course being a big hobby of his: he had to try it out but I was happy with my delux snacks provided in the minibar. So I guess we both gained at the end.We checked out by 11 and went straight into the Brasserie to have Brunch. I did not eat anything for the rest of the day..The seleccion was huge. And good quality.	
Feb 29 2008 	Very Lovely Town Hotel	Stayed there twice over the last year, will definitely stay again. Rooms smallish but adequate (some of the singles a bit on the extreme side, though). The entire property is brand new, and they really go a long way to make you feel at home in the best sense of the word. Suffice it to say that apart from all the usual amenities there are laptop computers in the rooms for the guests to use, and a collection of nicely bound English and international classics for bedtime reading! The decor is modern and pleasing. Sloane street tends to be busier than it looks, so it might be advisable to forego the lovely views of the square and ask for a back-facing room. Standard price for a single room was 168 pounds.	
Feb 17 2008 	Ambivalent	Let's put it this way: based on previous, er, input on Trip Advisor, re the Sloane Square Hotel, my expectations were fairly minimal. Mind you, I have a hazy memory of a top-floor dormer room during my very first London visit some 20 years ago (it was excellent) when the hotel was a bit fusty-musty. I was nervous that its recent reincarnation would ruin the memory. Would the &quot;new&quot; Sloane Square Hotel be satisfying? Especially at a pretty high price point?Yes and no. First the no's. For 168 pounds, which to this American meant a $300-plus per night stay, the single room I got was claustrophobically small. I was there for four nights and I don't mind saying that, despite a lovely welcome and the fact that the room was ready after my transatlantic flight (excellent hospitality on the part of the hotel), my first reaction to seeing the room was horror. In fact, during my four-night stay, I actually got to appreciate its coziness (and it was extremely well laid out, with a sort of divan-style bed, flat screen TV with DVD, and excellent bathroom with tub, though no view whatsoever from the windows). A fan of the neighborhood, the hotel is pretty much the only, er, value-oriented choice. But I never slept well. The twin divan was comfortable enough but I haven't slept in a twin bed for 20 years and so…not comfortable. I liked the Sloane Square despite the too-cozy accommodations. Still I will offer a &quot;beware&quot; to other business travelers: the Internet was bizarre (I couldn't get email to work after several hours spent with in- and out-of house people and so had to venture five blocks to the nearest Starbucks to conduct business, a big, big, negative). The biggest thing in the hotel's favor is its staff. Everyone I met tried really hard (even the accursed Internet issue, which at one point had the hotel manager at my laptop, trying, albeit ineffectually to resolve). Great staff….Down side? The hotel's kind of chintzy. By that I mean skinflint. When I'm paying $300 or more, I think a bathrobe is an expected touch (they featured some kind of menu of stuff you could purchase and a bathrobe was mentioned but not provided in my room). The towels, glasses, etc. were all geared to a solitary one-use type of guest. I'm not really fine with drinking … soda, wine, whatever … from the sole glass I've already used to house my toothbrush. There's a cheap Champagne glass as part of the in-room fridge set up but nothing for anyone wanting red or white wine. What, they figure that a sad, lonely, solo traveler will drink bubbly but not vino?One additional caveat: the one time I asked the concierge for advice (on restaurants), he was astonishingly inept. Typically, when I'm on business for weeklong periods or longer, I have gotten to know this part of Chelsea (I prefer renting a flat) and I love good restaurants. I'd assumed that the concierge would have the knowledge to introduce me to new places. No! He'd never even heard of places I'd already discovered!Which I will tell you: for great traditional pub food, excellent wine list (by the glass), perfect Sunday roast lunches (get there early) and lovely staff, try the Cooper's Arms. It's the pub where I had the first real date with my hubby and so of course it's special but they've been very sweet when I'm dining on my own. I also love Ziani, a charming Italian (Venetian Italian) place a block off the Kings Road. Another fun place is the café at Bluebird's, great burgers, chicken pie and fish and chips. Would I stay at Sloane Square Hotel again? I'm up in the air on this…. I come to London on business and being able to send email is sort of a prerequisite and the fact that they couldn't fix whatever it was that wasn't working, despite earnest efforts, is a real problem. Also the room was just too small…as charming as it was. So I'm ambivalent. I like the neighborhood. I know how to get around. If I'm in town for less than a week…(and so can't rent a flat) it's an option. I wish it could be a better option. I may try places in nearby Knightsbridge (more choices) next time.	
Jan 30 2008 	A few complaints	Spent this weekend at the hotel. We had 3 rooms - 2 twin and 1 family. Twin rooms very small, but family room spacious. Rooms were clean. Bathrooms were ridiculously small - each one was different but badly designed. One had a shower cubicle that was very small; anybody over size 12 would not have fitted. We also had trouble turning on and off the showers - and overhearing the receptionists calling maintenance we weren't the only ones.There are lap tops in the rooms, but you are charged for WIFI - even more if you use your own laptop - most hotels I have stayed in recently offer free WIFI - they offer free use of a computer in the &quot;residents lounge&quot; on the first floor - we tried to find it, but only found a conference room which was in use.Continental breakfast was included in the price - if not, don't bother - choice of cereals and yoghurts, croissant and pan au chocolat which ran out very quickly and the service in the brasserie in the mornings was dreadful. One of the party asked for scrambled eggs and sausage. 10 minutes later was brought poached egg and bacon. The waiter was extremely rude and insinuated that we were lying about the order. Coffee and butter (no jam, only marmalade) took ages to arrive and had to be requested various times.However, the beds were comfortable, the hotel is in an excellent position and the staff at reception were professional. I would stay there again if I got a good price!	
Jan 29 2008 	Perfect place for shoping	I stayed at Sloane Square Hotel and I loved every minute of our stay. I spent all day chasing sales bargains down the Sloane Street and Kings Road,while my husband went to see Chelsea match down the road. On arrival we have received complimentary glass of champagne and staff was more than helpful. Our room 225 was overlooking Sloane Square and was very spacious with huge bad. This is a first hotel we stayed, were every room is equipped with laptop.	
Jan 20 2008 	Don't stay here	We booked for 2 nights expecting a nice hotel for a romantic weekend break. In short the room was tiny and shabby and we were literally falling over each other trying to get ready. There was rat poison in the bathroom. The bathroom was more than tiny. I couldn't stand up in the shower and there was no cold water (my wife had a bath in water from the cold tap before realising it wasn't quite hot enough). The cost was extortionate for what we got. We checked out after one night and went and stayed in a Travelodge. We wrote a letter of complaint and did not even get an acknowledgement.	
Jan 11 2008 	Save your money and stay elsewhere	Booked for a long weekend meeting a friend visiting from overseas, so we wanted a good location with the option of a bit of comfort if we stayed in. On arrival we were given a room on the first floor, immediately above the restaurant which was closed for building work (to add a bar area), next to the lift and opposite the (in use) meeting rooms. Paint was chipped and skirting boards badly scuffed, and the flat screen TV was on a flat wall opposite the bed but several feet across, making it impossible to watch in bed (and no room to sit and watch it any way else). None of this was as immediately apparent, on a cold day in January, as the fact that the room wasn't heated. We tried switching on the air con/heating control in the room...waited...nothing happened. We called reception who told us that the heating for that room was centrally controlled and that they would turn it on(!). After about ten minutes nothing had happened so I went down to reception, listed the issues we had with the room and asked to be moved. I also said that we should have been alerted at time of booking to the lack of restaurant facilities during our stay. One of the receptionists(/manager? he didn't identify himself) told me sneeringly that breakfast was still available in the restaurant and that otherwise the restaurant is not part of the hotel. I guess this makes it London's most expensive bed and breakfast (although the hotel information folder seemed to lay claim to the restaurant, and there was a card in our room that said 'Between Dec 22nd and Jan 18th we are installing a brand new bar. We reopen for dinner on 19th January', and the Expedia listing for the hotel says Property amenities: Guests can enjoy a range of traditional French and classic British food at the informal Chelsea Brasserie). I was unhappy about this, as we specifically booked somewhere knowing we could eat there in the evening if we chose. So, with much fanfare about a free upgrade we were moved to a fractionally larger room that was already heated. When I questioned why the allocated room was not heated and the empty room was, the receptionist told me that they had been having problems with the heating/air conditioning since it was installed, less than a year ago. The bathroom in this room was smaller than the bathroom in our original room and so tiny that going to the loo meant limboing under the towel rail, with a distance of about maybe 13&quot; between the front of the seat and the wall opposite. Both taps in the basin produced warm water - we never did work out which was supposed to be cold. The bathroom was not heated and had cold air whistling through under the door. The hotel advertises special beds for taller guests, but it turns out this is only available at an upgrade and the standard rooms have standard beds. I am 6', travel frequently for business, and find that most hotels that aspire to be 4* have king size beds as standard. The bed in our 'superior' room was standard. The hotel also advertises the free-access computer in the 'first floor drawing room'. This is actually the conference room used for business meetings, with a notice permanently on the door claiming the room is in use for a meeting (which it wasn't, over the weekend, but you had to push on the door to establish that). This hotel has a great location, and comfortable if short beds, but if you want luxury then spend your budget elsewhere, otherwise stay in a standard business hotel that isn't pretending to be something it isn't.	
Dec 25 2007 	The Best Birthday	I was fortunate enough to spend my 18th birthday with a couple of friends at the Sloane square hotel in room 402. The location of the hotel is fantastic! The shops of the Kings Road, Knightsbridge within easy access, and within less than 30 minutes of the hotel you will find the Royal Albert Hall and the Tate Gallery.My room included a private bathroom which was equipped with modern amenities, including flat screen television and broadband.Staff was wonderful,general manager has put us on the VIP list for Kitt's night club.Shame breakfast wasn't up to the standards	
Nov 29 2007 	Recommended!	Stayed here for one night. Very helpful staff sorted out our problem after being re-directed from the ROYAL PARK hotel who let us down BIG TIME! Magical view in room that fronted onto Sloane Square. Very impressed by Brasserie. Fab food! Friendly service. Breakfast great value. SUBERBLY comfy beds. Bathroom slighly on the bijou side but very clean. Handy for Harrods and Harvey Nicks!	
Nov 9 2007 	You can do *much* better ...	Pretty bad hotel --- even by London standards. Quite dirty throughout. Not well maintained (except the lobby). I had a rat trap in my bathroom.The neighborhood is okay for shopping --- but very bad for eating.Come shop on King's Road --- but stay elsewhere.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great location but.......	We stayed here for one night on business and so had a variety of rooms. The single room was small as was the standard room. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a superior family room which was considerably bigger. On the plus side, the beds are big and extremely comfortable. Lovely bathrooms and products. The location is perfect for Kings Road and Knightsbridge. Main problem is that we returned back around 11.30pm and wanted a drink in the bar but it wasn't possible. Nor is there any room service after 10.30pm - a big disappointment for a hotel of this standard. Overall, a nice boutique style hotel but pay a bit extra for the bigger room.	
Oct 2 2007	Amazing Location	Stayed in the Sloane on and off during the beginning of the year for a few nights each time &amp; really loved it. The hotel is very nicely decorated, rooms are styled in a contemporary, fresh look and decently sized. This hotel has the best location if you are coming to London for shopping, King's Road is right outside the lobby &amp; Harrods is just around the corner. Have a coffee in the Brasserie &amp; watch the Chelsea crowd go by outside. I would recommend asking for a room on the 3rd floor facing the back (the church). For some reason I found these to be the largest &amp; quietest rooms. Sloane Square can be very busy &amp; even through the double glazing in some of the front rooms you can hear car noise. Kitts nightclub attached to the hotel is a good place for celeb spotting.	
Sep 8 2007	Pretty good	I got a good deal here, so moved over from another hotel in the same class. This hotel is pretty high-priced compared to what else you can get for the money if you look in London, but being on Sloane Square is very nice.The hotel has also been recently done up, the room decor is modern chic, and is generally flawless. The bathroom amenities are gilchrist and soames, very nice, and apart from the inconvenience of manipulating &quot;high design&quot; bathroom fittings, its all very nice.The sheets and pillows, bedcovers, etc were all very high quality.I had a room with King Bed, and here is where the place falls down. First, the bed was not a king, but two twins pushed together, a trick that many hotels do I know, and can understand why they do it, but it unfailingly makes a bed uncomfortable, and I think it is a bit of a cheat to call such a bed a king bed. More importantly, the room was tiny. I wasn't in their most basic room, but what they call a superior king, which I believe is three up from the bottom, and one down from the top--but there was barely room on either side of the bed to stand, and the room was just really, really small. The television was a small flat screen mounted on the wall, but it was mounted in such a way that you could only turn it slightly towards the bed, so it was impossible to watch the TV in bed unless you were on the farthest corner--otherwise the view of the screen was that off tint view you get when you look at a computer screen from the side.I would stay here again if the price were right, but temper your expectations...the rooms should be about 30% bigger for the price.	
Aug 15 2007 	Would stay there again	Stayed here on business for a couple of nights (had a single room). I wouldn't say this place is particularly trendy although I did really like it and would stay again. Tube station is very close and Kings Rd is perfect for shopping. Good Points:Room size is decent for LondonComfortable bedsSome of the neighbouring areas are gorgeousAircon worksRooms have a good, solid feel to them - don't hear much noiseRoom was clean, decent minibar, toiletries etcBad Points:The bathroom was 3 star quality, shower not greatThe hallways/corridors are a bit grotty	
Jul 15 2007 	Loved our stay perfect location!	We just returned from a week stay at The Sloane Square Hotel, July 4-10, located on the square in the posh Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, bordering Belgravia. You can not find a better location. Owned by the Draycott partnership and recently refurbished, the hotel has a boutique feel. It is clean floor to ceiling, and the beds were luxuriously comfortable with loads of pillows. The rooms vary in size depending on category and location, although tend to be small. Our double room had a king size bed of 2 attached twins, a large desk with electric kettle for tea and coffee, mini-bar, a small closet with safe, flat-screen TV with complimentary DVDs, basic tiled bathroom with tub/shower, broadband internet connection, and room for 2 large suitcases. Our second room, a twin double, was much larger with a nicer bath. Amenities remained the same, except for a larger TV. The one major drawback is there was no drawer space in the rooms, and since closets are small, you live out of your suitcase.Hotel offers business services with a conference room, lounge with free broadband access and printer. Access to these areas is permitted for hotel quests, if not booked for corporate use. If occupied, the front desk will print your etickets or vouchers when needed.The entire staff was very friendly &amp; accommodating from check-in to check-out. Our experience with reservations, front desk, and housekeeping were all positive. Bellman Andre could not do enough! The attached Chelsea Brasserie, with room service menu, is open for all meals and has a small outdoor area facing the square. The food is wonderful and reasonable, and you can charge to your room. Other excellent dining options are close by.The residential areas are lovely, very safe for walking through with restaurants and pubs scattered along the side streets. The Tube station across street is attended, with the Circle &amp; Districtlines making for easy transportation to most major attractions with usually no more than a single connection needed (if any). Taxi rank and bus stops also onsite. Knightsbridge with Harrods and Harvey Nichols are just a short walk. Peter Jones department store, Sloane St, and King’s Rd intersect at the square, making for convenient shopping from basic needs to designer fashions. This hotel is perfect for a short trip if you don’t rely on frills such as spas and in-house gyms. Offering good value for money and location, we plan to return, The Sloane is an undiscovered gem!	
Jul 12 2007 	great location food and service	The hotel is located in one of the best shopping areas of london and with on-the-doorstep access to bus, tube and taxi services. Major museums and tourist attractions can be accessed on foot in 20-30 minutes (easy walking pace). The rooms are adequate in size, modern decoration and with comfortable beds and pillows. The food is of a high standard and reasonably priced for Londn and the location. A good business hotel and one that would suit couples on short-stay trips. The staff are pleasant and some are fairly new to their jobs. What is lacking in skill levels is more than made up by willingness and friendliness. Local people use it for business related breakfasts. lunches and dinners. Overall a very good 5 day stay with no particular complaints or problems.	
Jul 9 2007 	Nicely decorated small rooms	The rooms in this hotel are realy nice, the only thing is: they are small! I had a real single bed. Bathroom is also nice, but only shower, no bath. Location is also good, tube is on otherside of road. Not really much bars/restaurants in the neighbourhood.	
Jul 1 2007	Glorifies travelodge	I had great expectations for this hotel, the website looks fab and the location is great. Sadly, the hotel is not great. We booked a twin and the room disappointed, looking like a glorified travel lodge. For the money, the attention to detail was lacking. The tap in the sink had been clearly broken for a long time and the shower fell to bits while we were there. We complained about this and other issues to the staff, who had been singulalrly inattentive from check in to check out, and we were given a standard letter that is given to all guests offering us a cheaper price for staying at weekends. No thanks, there are better hotels in this location and in London.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great location lovely room	We stayed for 2 nights on the weekend special rate in a superior 'corner' room - looked exactly as the hotel website photos.All in all a lovely room; pretty feature wallpaper, huge windows, lovely soft tartan throw, very comfortable bed,great bathroom with little window seat to have breakfast at. Plenty of wardrobe space, comfy chair at the desk, room wasn't enormous (bathroom bigger than bedroom) but we were expecting this. The 'door' between the bedroom and bathroom is a curtain of beads, which gives a great boudoir feel but might be a bit revealing for some people!Breakfast in the hotel brasserie was reasonably priced if a little uninspired (buffet of cereal, fruit etc). We had room service on the second day and it arrived quickly with the coffee still piping hot, toast still crisp.The main attraction was obviously the location; a moment's walk from the tube station, great for shopping/ museums/ theatre/ parks. The street noise did carry up into the room so it wasn't silent, and the square is pretty busy with traffic most of the night, but there weren't many noisy groups of people so it's easy to ignore.If I'm extremely picky there were two things about the room that were a bit odd; there was no full length mirror (I had to walk halfway down the corridor to get a view of my outfit as there were mirrors on the wall) and the light from the hallway came under the door as there was a big gap - but we put the throw under and all was fine.On leaving we were given a special rate for any subsequent weekend visits which will make it a complete bargain - so we'll definitely be back!	
May 22 2007 	Wonderful Newly Renovated Hotel	We booked a hidden hotel on the Otel website and were a little disconcerted when it turned out to be the Hesperia London Victoria as the reviews were not necessarily the best, however the location was good and at 160 euro per night for a 4 star with breakfast included we thought we would be ok for two nights.When we got to the Hesperia around 6:30 pm, they had given away our room for the first night. They moved us to Sloane Square instead and picked up the tab. We chose to stay both nights as moving back to the Hesperia would cut into our exploring time. We only saw the lobby of the Hesperia but were immediately impressed by comparison with the Sloane. Even the taxi driver who moved us over said we were better off at the Sloane. It was wonderful. It has been newly renovated. The hallways have uneven floors but the carpet is clean and the walls painted white. The bed was wonderful, one of the most comfortable on our entire trip. It was a king and had 6 pillows and a wonderful down comforter. It had a well-stocked mini bar, which we didn't use but there was even a disposable camera in it. The towels were huge and soft and there was even a bathrobe for your use. I had to search for the blow dryer but found it in the desk drawer. There were several mirrors including a full length one on the bathroom door. It was spacious by European standards. Everything was very clean. The air conditioning worked great and was very quiet. The bathroom was smaller but new and very clean. The only negative comment I have is that the water didn't drain very quickly in either the tub or sink. In the sink I pulled up the stopper and then it drained fine so I am sure it the problem is only with how the stopper is set not with the plumbing.We choose a room in the back instead of overlooking the square as it was quieter but it had no view at all which was fine with us. The Sloane tube station is less than half a block away so was very convenient. They also offered internet access with a printer free of charge so we were able to get our boarding pass and avoid the lines at Heathrow. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly.We ate both breakfasts and one dinner at the hotel. I didn't pay attention to the price at breakfast because it was included in our arrangement with Hesperia. Dinner was very expensive by our standards but was equivalent to any 4 star hotel dining experience I have had in North America.	
Mar 7 2007 	Great locationbest value for moneyGreat	The hotel is well located providing excellent, caring service to its clientele. My room overlooked Sloane Square. Staff was excellent, Hotel is brand new. Great design. Our room had a flat screen tv, broadband, safe, mini bar and most comfortable bad. 2 min from famous Kings Rd, 10 min form Harrods. Definitely best value for money. For ?165 you can't ask for more.	
Feb 10 2007 	Very good service	I stayed for a weekend brake, I loved every minute of it. The Service was excellent, bed very comfortable. Best location in London	
Jan 5 2007 	A Self Serve Hotel	Tons of potential, excellent location, charming new decor but totally lacking in service. I visit London 5-6 times per year and have never stayed in a hotel so lacking of service. No one to carry your bags to or from the cab, a totally clueless front desk staff that were not even aware they offer free access to the business center computer or it's location and nearly impossible for them to take a message as the phone voice mail was not working. The single rooms are some of the smallest I've encountered in London. I'd been looking forward to staying in this newly renovated hotel because of it's perfect location over looking Sloane Sq. but would never go back. Hopefully, stronge management will arrive before it's too late.Linda VanderMarliereSF, CA	
Dec 13 2006 	Lacked atmosphere	Having previously stayed here before the major refurbishment this year, which it desperately needed, the whole Hotel now has a totally new atmosphere. I personally felt it lacked any warmth for such a small Hotel. I paid £180 room only but felt the rooms were cold and clinical. The bathroom had a fixed overhead shower head only, that couldn`t be maneuovred and was already showing signs of a bad fitting. There was no hospitality tray in the bedroom which nearly all Hotels in London now offer. The Brasserie Menu was a little adventurous for me and I struggled for find something to tempt me for dinner and I`m used to fine dining. The location of course is the main atttraction for this Hotel. Would I stay here again. Only if my usual Hotel in Chelsea was fully booked.	
Dec 2 2006 	Disappointing for the amount of money	I had a poor overall experience, considering this is a newly refurbished hotel they fail on some hotel basis such as a complimentary hospitality tray. On the 2nd day of the stay they didn't service the room, even though I'd been out all day. When they eventually turned up to do so at 6pm I was changing to go out, they then said it would be serviced whilst I was out - I was out until midnight and was disgusted to find it still hadn't been done upon my return. This hotel is overpriced for the services it offers although the refurbishment haa done the building the world of good.	
Nov 28 2006 	An impressed regular	Wow! What happened to this place. Just been refurbed. Amazing compared to when I was there November last year. Apparently they had just spent over £7m on the makeover. Classic modern feel, flat screens also offered extra longs beds particually if you are vertically challanged like me. Prices have only gone up slightly but well worth it. Paid £220 for a double which I thought was very reasonable, eventhough the rooms are still slightly small. Had a small problem with the toliet which they managed to fix. Staff very friendly and helpful despite the teething problem. Great value definately come back again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Bon hotel mais...		
May 7 2009 	Semplicemente fantastico		
Jul 4 2008	Draycoot H?tel 5 ?toiles		
May 14 2008 	Tra King's Road e Sloane Street		
Mar 31 2008 	hübsche Zimmer und gute Lage		
