Oct 25 2009 	Not What It Used to Be	My husband had stayed at Blakes many times over 30 years and in the last 10 years I accompanied him and loved it. So we booked again and oh my things had changed. The first room they gave us - a so-called &quot;deluxe double&quot; was terrible. Far too cramped and dark for two people and NOTHING like the charming rooms we always had. We upgraded and the room we got was just plain ODD but bigger so we kept it. We were dismayed at how frayed the hotel is looking - maintenance is not being done, floor coverings are frayed, plumbing is antiquated and not maintained and it's sad. Unless Blakes makes changes, sadly we will not be booking there again. It could be that its time has past and no one cares anymore.	
Oct 15 2009 	Hugely over-rated	As a frequent traveller to London we usually stay at the Berkeley or the Park Lane but I thought this time we would try Blakes as I had always hearrd good things about it and the rate was much the same. What a disappointment. Our room was dark, small and tired. It was also in the basement with bars on the windows and an air conditioning vent sticking out the window. The small courtyard area was pleasant enough but when we requested a drink on returning from dinner we were refused. I just couldn't recommend this hotel to anyone given our experience. Maybe in it's heyday it was something special but sadly we found it lacking.	
Oct 12 2009 	Overpriced over decorated under serviced	I stayed 2 nights at this hotel at the back end of a European business trip. I have stayed at many hotels in London, and chose this hotel because of a special offer from Virgin Atlantic, through Tablet Hotels. The location is ok, not far from 2 tube stations. The lobby is attractive, but that's it. I saw 2 rooms, rejected the first, stayed in the 2d. My 2d room was impossible to work in - it had lots of windows (good), but the sashes were loose, so cool air blew through constantly, unless one had the heavy, floor-trailing drapes closed, which made the room dark and somewhat claustrophobic. (I live in a big city and city noise doesn't bother me, but it might some folks, but then London is a very big city). There was only 1 electrical outlet which was usable, and it was located on a wall near the bed, so there was nowhere on which to put my laptop, etc., nor plug in the usual array of devices everyone has - mobile phone, etc. Each of the several standard lamps was plugged in, and one had a spare outlet, but it was located in a really awkward place as well. There was a big sofa, which was quite uncomfortable to sit on, but no table in front of it, or on the side, so I ended up snatching one from the corridor outside my room. While the linens were nice, I'm accustomed to a duvet on the bed; this had a woolen blanket plus sheets - not my preference. The walk-in wardrobe had a wide and low shelf in front of the chest of drawers (which had rickety drawers), so that I bumped my head a number of times before learning that I had to approach the chest of drawers very cautiously. Also, there were no drawers on the bedside tables, and barely any room for anything. The bathroom was adequate, except that it had the peculiarly English tap arrangement in the sink - one hot, one cold, and never the twain shall meet - which fortunately they did in the tub. Tissues were in several places, and consisted of a wadge of tissues tied up with a ribbon - most strange, and impractical to my mind. There was no holder for the toilet paper, so it resided on a shelf, or the floor. On a positive note, the soap smelled really good. I had to ask for a newspaper on day 1, although they had asked my preference, but didn't deliver it; they did on day 2. The television was extremely small and situated on top of a table at the far end of the room; reception on most of the stations was very poor also. There was a minibar, and although I didn't use it, I was charged for something, which I protested on checkout, and after they first didn't believe me, they did take it off the bill.Breakfast was included in my (exorbitant and not worth it) room rate, but they added a service charge to the bill - again, I had to protest to get them to remove it. I have no objection to paying for service, but this isn't the way to do it. Also, I don't mind paying a lot for a hotel room, etc., but I expect value for money, as I'm sure everyone does.As to the decoration style of the hotel, it didn't appeal to me at all, but I'm sure many people like it. That's a personal preference. I like my hotel rooms spare, large and light, but with a super comfortable bed. I like to try different hotels, and usually pick well, but not this time.	
Oct 11 2009 	Sadly I have to agree...	...Blakes is looking tired...Had not been to Blakes for 28 years. I was a little shocked to see it looking so tired:(. But, honestly it did not take away from any charm this hotel has. Absolutely, would recommend this hotel to friends. I love it. Worth every penny in my book. The staff are with without a doubt, friendly, helpful and quite charming. Looove this hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	A sumptious place to stay	We used Blakes as an easy point of access for the Chelsea flower show and Central London, as soon as we arrived we knew we had made the right choice, expensive but plush.	
Mar 26 2009 	Why ???	I hate those places ; staff makes you feel uneasy and uncomfortable, everything is bloody expensive, design is old now...Went there for dinner and drinks...And it was just bad.Waste of time, money, energy...waste of everything.I guess by now they've been hit by the financial crisis a bit and they are eating their humble pie...Good !	
Mar 20 2009 	Wonderful unforgetable experience	Fantastic HotelStaff, and service immpecible.When I need to stay in London Blakes will be top of my list.Can not praise highly enoughWonderful unforgetable experience	
Feb 9 2009	up itself	A great place to stay if you're a celebrity or friend of the proprietor, but otherwise you will be treated as a pleb. The literature in the rooms about the 'concept' of the place is however fairly amusing and leaves you in no doubt about the high regard in which all those connected with the establishment hold themselves.	
Jan 16 2009	Crispy London	Took my lovely wife for a surprise weekend in London for the sales, show and get away from the kidsWe found the hotel with ease, with our car, which the hotel arranged to be safely parked for the weekend near by, without any fuss.The room was fantastic, large, warm, well lit and comfortable.We didn't use the restaurant, but the breakfast on room service was spectatular and kept us well fuelled for the day. On the afternoon we requested a some sandwiches prior to and evening out and were supplied with a bounty of delights and good coffee.We found the staff very help and friendly, the location is great and very good for getting to the major places in London.If the stars go there then they were well hidden, but then perhaps that's why?great place , will be going again	
Oct 3 2008 	Not worth the money	I stayed here for 6 nights for business. This hotel is so overpriced, and it doesn't help that the US dollar is worth half the pound. Just to get a small carafe of coffee to your room is $14.00 US. Just coffee. An English breakfast at their restaurant downstairs is $50.00 US dollars. For bacon and eggs. The rooms are individually decorated. Mine was all black walls everywhere with Asian furniture. It was a dark room that the maids continually turned all the lights on all day while I was not in the room. I left notes for them to not turn all the lights on (a waste of energy) and to please leave my windows open (they wanted to keep shutting them) and they liked to reorganize my things on the nightstand, moving them to different shelves. They did read the notes and did as I asked.. The maids also took my personal bar of soap I had brought. The hotel staff quickly went out and replaced it for me as the soap the hotel provides is way too smelly. The desk staff is extremely helpful, as I think they have had people complain before. They were so nice and quick to take care of anything. The location is quiet, Hugh Grant was spotted several times skulking about the neighborhood, I guess he lives in the area. There are no coffeemakers in your room, so you are forced to room service or go down to their restaurant in the morning. THe nearest cafe is a good 10-15 min walk, They do have wetbar that you can get your own things and put in the fridge. Another in our party stayed in their biggest suite, 007, that has a kitchen with a stove but there was not one plate, pan, dish or cutlery in the kitchen. When we brought lunch in, we had to call and have them send up plates and cutlery and glasses. The restaurant staff were not nice and had an attitude. When asking a waitress what their special eggs were, she gave us definite attitude because she didn't know and that meant she had to ask the chef, &quot;only the chef knows&quot;. So we asked her to please ask him at which point she rolled her eyes and her anger was evident as she left. She did not speak English well either. Her attitude didn't change over the 6 days. We went to the bar one night, and my 3 drinks (2 margaritas and 1 vodka tonic) came to $75.00 US dollars. And the elevator in this hotel is the smallest thing you've ever seen. Barely room for 2 people. Your luggage will not fit, they bring it up in a different elevator. I will not stay at this place again.	
Sep 6 2008	Beautiful but tired	This old lady is still elegant, quirky, luxurious and expensive all at the same time, but, for the money, she's starting to look a little [--]!I think Blake's is due a refurb in the next year, which will, no doubt, update some of the quirks (slow, small lifts, crap TV, dodgy bathrooms) which shouldn't be an issue with a hotel of this quality.Staff still ooze charm and the hotel is very comfortable, all in all a lovely place.	
Jun 4 2008 	Lovely Blakes	My wife and I booked a room at Blakes for our anniversary on recommendation of a friend and wasn’t disappointed. The hotel is tucked away, on a quiet square and the rooms are luxurious, very stylish with really comfortable beds. Do remember though that this is Kensington and not Kissimmee ( Florida) so don’t expect a room as big as your house. That said I did like the little design touches that set this hotel apart from a boring hotel like a Marriot and really gives this hotel in my opinion a personality but in my wife’s opinion “a really nice tone of voice”. I know, love is blind right! Anyway, we didn’t spend too much time in the room as it was great weather so decided to get out and due to the hotels location next to Hyde park and all the museums (Natural History, V&amp;A, Serpentine etc etc). The front desk staff were happy to point us in the direction of all these great attractions which they assured us were a very short walk from the hotel, but still were happy to arrange a cab to take us to the sites. We kept the cab on for the whole day who also took us to the British museum and the National Gallery. On our return to the hotel my wife was very distressed to find her purse was missing, with all her cards and even house keys. Again the front desk staff jumped into action and called round all the sites we have visited that day to see if anything had been handed in. No joy until they called the taxi company and the driver checked his car to find the purse in the back of the car. Relief all round and the purse was returned to a happy wife and the earlier tears were soon dried and we decided to get ready for dinner. After all the drama of the day we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant and had a lovely meal. My wife had squid ink risotto and I had the rack of lamb, both were great but my only criticism would be that my lamb was a little more rare than medium. Still great food with excellent presentation and service.  Overall the place was great, i understand that it is something of a celeb hang out. I certainly has grace and style but none of the poor service and stuffiness that you normally find in places associated with the supposed jet set.	
May 22 2008 	in Desperate Need of an Update	As usual, there is more than a grain of truth to the majority opinon on Tripadvisor. I was sent to the Blakes after the Pelham could not honor my reservation. I was &quot;upgraded&quot; to a luxury preferred room, but it was quite in need of refurbishing.There may be many people who appreicate old world charms in a hotel. I am not one of them, and prefer my hotel rooms to be tastefully furnished and with modern amenities. Neither applied here. On the only positive notes, the room was quiet and large. The decoration looked like a cross between an 80's disco, with themes of battleship grey and mirros, Raffles style singapore with tattered rattan, and old english manorhouse with portraits,etc. If this sounds like it clashes, it does. But worse was that it was in desperate need of a remodel. Much of the bathroom was peeling apart, and the faucets and showers may have been the 19th century originals. There were holes in the walls and the rattan was tattered. The bed was hard as a rock. The TV was an early 90's 15&quot; sony with a remote control the size of a tennis raquet. And I found a used band aid on the couch under the throw. Staff were both efficeint and polite, but I will not return.	
May 1 2008	Worst hotel experience ever!	Had heard from a coupe of people that this was a good hotel to stay in the Chelsea area...I think though that was in the 1980's..It needs a major refurbishment. The lift even had graffiti and the air conditioning wasn't working. My room was so hot that even after opening all the windows i was still hot. The hotel manager's solution was to turn off the entire hotel heating but i was told it would take about an hour to cool down. Is this good enough....especially at these prices....NOI complained and checked out after just 2 hours there...and checked into the very good Number 16 just down the road...I will never go back to Blakes unless they refurbish.	
Apr 1 2008	Unsurpassed Luxury at Blakes	Tucked away down a quite residential street in South Kensington is the exclusive boutique hotel, Blakes. With my elderly parents coming to visit me from South Africa for the first time in ten years I needed a hotel a little bit special. From the moment you walk into reception the attention to detail really catches the eye. The staff were courteous and efficient, check in was quick and we were soon wisked upstairs by the bell-boy carrying both my parents suitcases like there was nothing in them. As for the room, what can I say. Huge, soft four poster bed, Bose sound system, original fittings and an ensuite bathroom with marble throughout. You might say it was almost too nice for my country bumpkin parents but anyone not afraid of a little luxury could do a lot worse.Roger Reid	
Dec 9 2007 	Simply not good enough....	Firstly, let me say that I live very close to Blake's Hotel in South Kensington. I have builders working in my house, so it was easiest to check into a hotel whilst the work was being completed.I had heard a lot of good things about Blake's- it was small, quiet and dedicated to providing unprecedented levels of service. Sadly, I got a major shock when I arrived... I was allocated a room in the basement- it was cold (no heating except for an electric heater!), noisy and had no shower. I tried several times to order room service, and when the kitchen did answer I was shouted at down the phone &quot;I'll have to call you back&quot;. Whilst the decor is spectacular and arresting, it is very impractical and now looking very tired. I checked out the following night (they were fully booked and could not accomodate me) but was due to check in again for the remaining few weeks of my stay. When I looked at my new room, it was pretty much the same state of affairs. How do they expect to retain 5 star status and not even be able to provide a shower for guests? A huge disappointment, espically given the price.That said, I have checked into an excellant hotel very nearby- Number Sixteen. It is again a small hotel, but the rooms are bigger, fresher and have showers!!!	
Oct 9 2007 	Wonderful - loved it!	I stayed at Blakes over the summer for 6 days and had an incredible time. Each room is unique. The staff is attentive and knowledgeable. I felt like i was staying in a private residence. It's very close to Kings Road which made it great for long walks and window shopping. This is the quintessential &quot;boutique&quot; hotel and I much prefer it to the larger chain type properties. Highly recommended.	
Jun 6 2007 	Massive disappointment!	What a let down this was.Our daughters booked this hotel for us as an anniversary gift. I feel they were robbed, they really thought they were doing something nice for us.They booked a luxury double at £265.00 + 17.5% vat room only.I was horrified at the state of the room we were allocated, it was on the fourth floor. We used the lift and after what seemed to take a life time we reached the fourth. The hallway was narrow but tastefully decorated.....that's where it ended.Our sitting room was awful, the carpets were stained, it had an overall grubby appearance. To turn off one of the lamps we had to pull out the mini bar....how convenient!!!! We couldn't open the blinds as they were broken.The bathroom was miniscule, it didn't have a window and as far as we could tell there wasn't an extractor (and if there was it wasn't working) it was so small they couldn't put a toilet roll holder on the wall, the loo roll was perched on the side of the sink. The bath had dead flies in it and the plug didn't fit so the water trickled out constantly. You could barely turn round in there let alone dry yourself.The bedroom...well...you wouldn't believe it, you could barely walk round the bed, there was about 6 inches from the side of the bed to the patio doors which wouldn't open so it was stifling, and about 8 inches on the other side to the wall. We couldn't get dressed/undressed in there as it was too small and again the carpet was stained, most unpleasant.We were hoping for a relaxing evening and unfortunately the champagne that our daughters had delivered to the room for when we were returned from a lovely evening at the ballet had to be brought home, the ambiance just wasn't there and by this time the room was unbearably hot (no a/c).We spent as little time as possible in the hotel which was not the point of the trip.I know the website says that their description of the rooms can vary, but this room was a million miles away from anything on the web site or in their brochure. On checking out my husband noticed that they had added an 'optional' £9.00 service charge for bringing the champagne to the room and also we had been charged for drinks from the mini bar which we hadn't had. The receptionist did remove these items without any fuss.I will add that the reception area is quite impressive and the staff were pleasant and polite but apart from that I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all.	
May 19 2007	Overpriced!	This hotel is very overpriced as it looks like the decor hasn't been touched since the mid 90`s. However, the staff, food &amp; location are excellent.	
May 15 2007	Don`t do it!	I only wish I had read the other reviews before we booked this pretentious, out dated and decidedly naff, so-called &quot;boutique hotel&quot;, what-ever that much quoted phrase is supposed to mean.A broken heating system and no air conditioning,[ so no chance of controlling the temperature in your room then!] combined with all night partying in other rooms [till 7.00a.m.!] ,with no great measure of concern from the management ,ensured an allmost total lack of sleep ,capped by knocking on our door at 9.00 a.m. and 10.45a.m , from the cleaners whom wanted to enquire ,what time we would be checking out? Five Stars ... you have to be joking!!!!	
May 8 2007 	My favourite London hotel	I have been staying at Blakes for many years, including a year I spent essentially living there back in 1999. This past weekend I spent two days staying in a &quot;luxury double&quot; in the mews. If anything this hotel has improved. The service was better and the atmosphere even more pleasant than in the past. The room is not large, but it is extremely comfortable and cleverly designed to maximise the space. The bath was very large (although baths in the main building do tend to be small) and of course I stole a bar of the famous grapefruit soap to bring home. Room service was excellent both in service and in taste. They have recently upgraded to flat screen TVs and expanded their channel selection, which was nice when I arrived late at night still on NY time. The bed was a little less comfortable than I remembered - I think they may have removed the featherbeds. The room is heavily curtained and can be made completely dark, which is great for the jet lag impaired.I have read the othe reviews on this site and was really surprised to see that a lot of people did not enjoy their stay at Blakes. For people who are trying to decide whether to stay here or not, some things to consider:1. This is a very European style hotel - it is not Americanized to cater to US tastes at all. Most rooms are fairly small and most baths are just that - baths, not showers.2. It is expensive. Not just the room rates, but also the cost of meals, etc. It is not a &quot;good value&quot; kind of place.3. The style and atmosphere is idiosyncratic and will not be to everyone's taste. Velvet walls, layered fabrics, dark moody rooms, that sort of thing. I personally love it, but anyone who favours a more modern style will probably not find it to their liking.	
Mar 31 2007	An Experience not to be looked over	We stayed here for our anniversary. Wanting something different from the regular style hotels you come across all too often, Blakes had everything we could have hoped for. From the staff who did all they could to make our stay worthy of it's reputation, to the suite we stayed in was beyond all expectations. This place is fun, I can't say enough about it. It is expensive, but then you pay for what you get, style, charm, excitement and sense of being well away from London and in some exquisite world only for those with an open mind and eagerness to experience a hotel rather than just sleep in one. All we can say is, 'I dare you, try something different and don't miss the bar and restaurant...'.	
Jan 17 2007 	Small dark and depressing	I stayed at Blakes for two nights during a London trip. I was on my own so had a small double. The room was dark and depressing. The decor was at least 12 years out of date with huge swaths of curtaining covering most of the windows. I felt it needed a complete redecoration (as did everywhere), Paintwork was chipped, paper peeling off at the corners! However, I did eat in the restaurant downstairs (thai) and I thoroughly enjoyed both meals. The staff were very friendly and helpful.I wouldn't go back because it really is too expensive for what you get!	
Jan 13 2007	Tourist rip-off - avoid	Went to Blakes for an anniversary with the girlfriend, and rarely have i been so unimpressed by the value for money factor: - booked a room, about £330 or something. it was in the eves on one of the top floors, so the amount of room you stand up in was minimal. it was a small, dark room and worth about £100, not £330. so we decide to move. - we then are shown a very bright red room with a dramatic 4 poster bed, a snip at £450. perhaps we are out of our league financially, but this room seemed expensive, although it was dramatic and very, very red, as if you were suspended in a Moulin Rouge dancer's womb. - i made the mistake of drinking half a bottle of champagne from the mini bar: £45. the staff were highly professional and incredibly well trained, but the downstairs bar seemed very naff and tacky, the sort of black faux asian chairs that Pizzaland made famous in the 80's. the atmosphere in the bar reeked of lined old men and ladies who either charge by the hour or were the early adoptors of plastic surgery circa 1983. you might say this is unfair, and it might be if you have any sense of wanting value for money, and you're not loaded, you shouldn't stay something this expensive. i disagree: Blakes is overhyped, too expensive and i strongly encourage you to seek other boutique hotels when in London. p.s. we ate at Racine nearby; very good.	
Dec 15 2006	Not Sure	I took my wife for her bday and to be honest for £450 per night I was a little shocked.The bar and rest was closed as it appeared someone had came in and bought them out....&quot; I booked it 2-3 months prior to date&quot; the strange thing was though I was told 2 weeks before though that they had double booked us.....I have my thoughts there....anyway nice room if a little worn but and I am sure if you wanted one romatic night away this might be the place ( if you did not know anywhere else).....concierge was wrong on a few occasions and the staff were not as I woud have liked for £450 per night.Would I go back.....If only someone else were paying...	
Nov 2 2006 	Magical stay	I recently had the most magical stay at Blakes Hotel in London.From the moment I arrived until my departure the staff could not do enough for me without being intrusive.The Bar and Restaurant Staff were very professional and welcoming and the Food was a wonderful 'mouth-watering' experience from start to finish throughout my stay.The hotel itself was very luxurious and private and although there were obviously some 'famous faces' around they were treated with respect and the hotel staff were very discreet.I will certainly make sure I stay at this wonderful hotel in the future.	
Sep 26 2006 	Not worth the money	We should have realised when trying to book this hotel that it was masquerading as a 5* property. Having been cut off once, then told someone would phone me back, I finally managed to make a booking on the third attempt. This did not bode well.Check-in was fine on arrival, but the lift is like a coffin. Dark, and you can only get two people in it, it is so tiny. The porter had to go up the stairs and meet us on our floor.We booked a Directors Double, which cost £417 for the night, excluding breakfast, which was another £25. Having read reviews here, I was relieved that the room was not as small as I had expected. However, there were other problems.There was a mobile air conditioning unit placed in our bedroom. A large venting pipe went out of the window, meaning that we were unable to close the window for the duration of our stay. This caused us some anxiety when we had to leave the room for the evening, as we were unsure about security. In addition, this air conditioning unit leaked profusely, meaning that for an area of about 2 metres around it, the carpet was absolutely soaking. This was positioned where my partner had no choice but to walk through this puddle when getting in or out of bed, hence he spent most of our stay with wet feet! As noted by previous reviewers, we also had peeling wallpaper, drawers and cupboards that didn't open or shut properly etc. And whatever you do, be very careful if you want to buy souvenirs of your stay. There is a price list in the closet - candles are £34.50, soaps are £47.50, robes (not very luxurious) £125! Needless to say, we didn't bother.I feel that the hotel desperately needs upgrading and no longer deserves its 5* rating. It has clearly been designed (a long time ago) with style over substance. The day bed in our room was impossible to relax on due to the strange design, and our mattress was incredibly hard and uncomfortable. The tv is placed behind a curtain under a table so is impossible to watch from any position except laying on your front on the bed! I found this room very uncomfortable, not a luxurious joy to be in at all.With breakfast another £25 (again, we didn't bother), I feel that this is an expensive night away, and this hotel certainly didn't justify the price. Next time I would go somewhere else where I would feel I was getting value for money. There are much better hotels in London than Blakes.	
Aug 16 2006 	Low Grade - Stay Away	My partner and I stayed here, and now reading the reviews below - see others have shared the same experience. Upon check in to a rather tatty reception area quite late at night, we were transported through the gloom to a room that had us in hysterical laughter and not the happy type (we had travelled far and by this time was exhausted) the bed was crammed behind a wall - that must have been a load bearing wall otherwise there is no way any designer worth their salt would have put one in. Either side of the bed was around 10 cm of space just enough to inch down sidewards. The silver grimy blinds over the window were all bent out of shape and would not open - no doubtless smashed by some poor soul who forgot to edge sideways to get into bed.I could not get over the greyness and general &quot;gloom&quot;. The lighting design is the poorest I have ever encountered and to be honest the decor must have been done in the 1980s after listening to one too many Madonna tracks with lace gloves on.We also called the duty manager and begged to have another room - they duly let us at 2am in the morning (we had arrived late due to travelling) and charged us a fantastic GBP 300 odd extra the new morning!Anyhow, the garden bit is quite nice in the morning but this hotel is past it best - in the day and age of chic boutique hotels like Number 16, or opulent designed hotel where maintenance and care has been taken.Don't stay here unless you are plumping for the best suites, the rest is a rip off and for the same rate I have stayed at some of the best hotels around the world - and yes I could walk normally down the side of the bed!	
Aug 7 2006	could be better for the price charged	I adore the Colonial style of this Boutique hotel, decored in style with expensive and gorgeous furniture. You can tell it is a woman who did it ,she think about all little details. The room is great, may be a bit dark, the bathroom however need a serious update. The restaurant is excellent and the loung bar also. The service at the reception is average for this type of hotel. And it was freasing cold in the reception.	
Jul 19 2006 	A great Design Hotle with a passionless service	The Problem may be is about expectations....anyway, would you arrive at the Blakes by black cab and no one come to help you with the bag and say welcome bla bla bla..?would you step in carring your heavy luggage by yourself and see at the desk a blond busy receptionist dressed with a plain black t - shirt checking you in with a visible &quot;in hurry&quot; acting with no explenation of the Restaurant, the Court Yard, the Location, The hotel facilities...?would you be taken onto your room by a nice concierge and discover you room is very small with a portable and not working air conditioning with the pipe that you must keep open?Would you extra pay all the items from your minibar which is place on the floor and it is dated 10 years ago?I do belive that Hanuske Hemple is a really great stylist with amazing ideas and she is divine, unfortunately the people from the blakes to me don't have a vibe as Mrs Hemple style has.By the way the restaurant is amazing with a great style and such good stlish food.	
Apr 3 2006	Do not stay here!!	Unless you are willing to fork out £700 a night for a room here then expect a dark, depressing, claustrophobic room with a tiny fuzzy tv last furnished in the mid 80's with a bathroom to match.My girlfriend and I planned to stay here for 4 nights but could not wait to get out of there by the second night.We checked in at 8pm on the Saturday into a 'director’s double' at a rate of £420 a night. By midnight we were suicidal. Any energy or life we had in us was sapped up by the dark red walls and carpets, the black furniture and the small uncomfortable bed. You could not walk around the room with bumping into a wall, table, chair or lamp.We called the useless night manager at midnight and explained to him our discomfort. He advised us that he had 3 other rooms into which we can move. 2 of the rooms were, although designed differently to ours, equally dark, dingy and unimpressive. The other room was a much larger suite costing £700 per night.We therefore had no choice but to take the suite however we were told that had to pay an extra £280 even though it was midnight and the manager could see our discomfort and annoyance. The following day, we asked for a 1pm check out but were told that that was not possible as they needed the room.Blakes has had its time and is in desperate need for a refurb. With so many other beautiful, comfortable 5 star boutique hotels in London this should be last on your list of choices. Do not make the same mistake I did.	
Feb 18 2005	An expensive but decadent haven perfect for couples.	We could only afford to stay for 1 night for my birthday, but are very glad we did! This is a hotel to STAY in!On arrival, the smoky glass doors open and you step into a lobby filled with the scent of grapefruit (candles), bowls of oranges, warm wood floors &amp; soft candle lighting. Even the reception area seems mysterious, hidden away behind a set of key cubbyholes. The concierge, an enthusiastic young New Zealander, showed us to our room, around our room &amp; organised tea in the Chinese room.Having got their early, we were given an outside lower level room - part of the section of Victorian terrace that the hotel takes over. It was accessed by going outside of the hotel, had its own front door and kitchenette - but I was concerned about potential noise on the road on a Saturday night &amp; it didn't quite have that 'decadent' feeling. Also - not being famous(!) - we didn't feel we needed to be so secluded from the rest of the hotel! So, we asked if we could move to a room within the main body of the hotel itself facing inwards.That was the best move. Our room was luscious - reds, blacks &amp; golds. Could never get away with those colours in our own home but it worked. Orchids adorn the rooms, the sofas are sinkable, the bathrooms luxurious and the beds sumptuous. Dupion silk lined the walls - who needs boring old wallpaper!?The concierge was wonderful - i've never had such service - he offered to go and rent us DVDs from the shop to watch, and to go out to the local pharmacy to get us bath salts we wanted. The tea served in the Chinese room was laid out in moroccan-style silver pots with a plate of homemade lemon, chocolate and vanilla shortbread biscuits. The hotel is so cosy that you fail to see any other occupants - even when full. When we ventured down to breakfast at 10am on Sunday, there was no-one there! But why would there be? The room service menu was the best i've ever seen by far - chinese dim sum, delectable cocktails, sumptuous desserts - and breakfast in bed is an option.The downsides.It was very expensive. We got a good deal on a director's double but it is still somewhat overpriced - probably because of the celebrity guests. For such expense, I would expect bath salts and nicer bathroom 'condiments' instead of typical hotel-style bottles of shampoo. It's a 10 minute walk from the tube station - so with heavy baggage that's a bit of a pain. I would ask them to pick you up from the station. Overall though a great place to hide away in for a few days!	
Dec 21 2004	Nice...but beware of WiFi	I stayed at the Blakes between Dec 19th and 22nd with my wife and we liked the atmosphere, location and decor. Unfortunately if you have to access the Internet be prepared to pay 20 pounds per day ($40!), which is a little bit too much...Overall though a positive experience.	
Nov 15 2004	Could not get out of there fast enough!	I went to Blakes after reading the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor and because the hotel where I usually stay in South Kensington, the excellent Sydney House, was full. Blakes is quite a bit of a walk from the tube station (either South Kensington or Gloucester Road) if you have luggage to carry and I was a bit exhausted by the time I got there.Reception staff was very pleasant, the decor busy but interesting. Main problem was my £200-night room (inc tax) was so tiny I could not even have both the bathroom door and the wardrobe door open at the same time. The mini-bar, hidden under a small round table, did not function (Who would want warm Coke or champagne?!). The TV was a cheap looking, tiny portable set tucked away in the wardrobe, and placed on top of a really cheap and nasty plastic set of drawers. The safe, non-electronic, needed supposedly my asking the reception for key. I did not bother. When I sat on the toilet, my knees were pressed agains the wall. I took a shower -the water was just lukewarm. Given the tiny size of the room, one might question the wisdom of the decorator when he decided to paint it .... dark green! This really made for a claustrophobic, buried-alive feel. The bed was really high - you had to climb onto it rather than fall into it, which made sitting on it eg to put on your shoes not very practical. There was no duvet on the bed, but an old-style thin blanket. There was also some sort of damage on the ceiling, which looked a little caved in at one corner.All in all I detested Blakes. I am assuming the good reviews on this site come from people who stayed in large rooms, only I was not prepared to pay more than £200 a night (and for that price I would expect a spacious, modern room), so I checked out as early as I could do so without incurring penalty and went to another hotel for the remainder of my stay.	
Mar 25 2004	Style	I loved my stay at the blakes, from the Louis Vuitton trunks in the reception, to the articulately decorated rooms, there is no way that anybody could not enjoy their stay at one of the most magnificant hotels in town. The rooms are all very original, and have either a color or pattern theme. The room I stayed in was covered in miniture venisien mirrors, there were about 50 in total, it was gorgeous and on my highly proped and comfertable bed, you could only feel like a king. The restaurant right below the reception is also exeptional	
Feb 27 2004	A Proposal Dream!	I was taken to Blakes by my fiance on January 25th 2003. On arriving at the exclusive venue we were shown up to our room by the porter through corridors filled with character and style. The room was stunning throughout and a perfect location for my fiance to propose to me. It was a memorable occasion and the hotel service and decor only added to our experience. Highly recommended all round and looking forward to our next visit!!	
Oct 19 2003	It's great staying at Blakes	Excellent. Service beyond the call etc. An Experience. Staff sincere and willing. Guests treated like celebs. which is what I want at any hotel, but sadly not always achieved. Central for amenities , theatre, shops. Calm and peaceful in the city bustle. Exquisite gardens. Stylish but not over substance. Intriging design. Fresh white orchids in rooms. Feels like they really care that you have a good stay	
Jun 3 2003	Beautiful Suites	I stayed at Blakes several years ago, however it is still memorable to me. The suite was exceptionally beautiful, and the service was excellent. This is a small hotel and has the ability to cater to each guests needs, they also remember you when you return. C. Hendrix	
May 28 2003	Just Perfect	Blakes is performance art at it's best - guests are provided every comfort and courtesy with the eye of an artist and the hand of a conjurer. The hotel is a unique delight staffed and designed to the highest standards - without ceremony or affectation - but style and imagination.	
Mar 26 2009 	Décevant		
Jun 18 2008 	Bel hotel		
Dec 29 2007	Schönes Design aber das reicht leider nicht		
