Nov 19 2009 	A VERY HAPPY HOTEL TO STAY IN	My wife and I stayed her for two nights 16/17 November 2009. This is a really nice hotel to stay in.The staff here are top class, particularly reception and at breakfast;Our room on the third floor was very relaxing, spacious and clean. It was also very quiet.The food at breakfast was varied and tasty. We did not take dinner but would recommend the North Pole just down the road (but book through Top Table 50%off food).The location is just away from the bustle of the centre but only a five minute walk and Greenwich Park is a similar distance.We would go back tomorrow.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location for Greenwich and getting into central London	Stayed at Novotel on special lastminute.com rate of £85/night (&quot;top secret hotel&quot;), and at that price, found this an excellent base for exploring Greenwich and getting into central London (right next to DLR and overground station - so very easy to get to Canary Wharf/Tower Hill and London Bridge respectively). Nice modern rooms, reasonable size, clean, sofa bed for kids was good. Didn't eat there. Greenwich Market - 10 mins walk - is excellent for good-value hot food stalls (everything from Mexican to West African, Thai to Spanish) and there's a posh baker/patisserie round there as well. Thought Mogul Indian restaurant near Market was very, very good. Think I'd have been disappointed with size of room if I'd been paying substantially more.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not Great Value	I stayed here 2 nights Wednesday 14th and Saturday 17th October 2009.Firstly I arrived from London City Airport at 8:30 am. I got a taxi from the airport and we hit rush hour. My advice is either get public transport or just wait until after 9.30 - 10.00.It cost over 25.00 pounds but I had too much luggage to carry on the DLR.When I arrived it was quite early in the morning 9:15 am and I was told the hotel had full occupancy and I would have to wait until a room became available. I had been travelling all night, not the hotel's problem, but I couldn't face waiting several hours until check-out at 12. They found me a room after half an hour and it was on the second floor at the back of the hotel right over the train station. The noise was dreadful and I couldn't sleep so I went back down and asked for another room. It took over 2 hours before one became available and I was exhausted waiting.The staff on that morning were very rude in particular one older/middle-aged man who seemed to think it was hilarious and just wouldn't stop laughing. I have complained to the hotel but have heard nothing back.One good thing is they have a ticket system for leaving your luggage in a storage room and do seem to check if you are collecting your luggage and not someone elses.I was given a room on the 4th floor at the front which was fine. It was above the road but high up so I didn't hear the traffic. The same for Saturday night but I had to insist on it this time.If you must stay there and I don't recommend it at least insist on a room at 4th floor or higher.Disadvantages:There were holes in the plastic curtains (in 2 rooms) which was irritating if you are trying to sleep in daylight. The smoke alarm is right above the bed and constantly flashes a red light all the time which is very annoying day or night.Very dear hotel I paid 125 GBP for the first night.If on lower floors (1/2/3) rail and road traffic is too loud.No view but in fairness it is in a built up suburb.Breakfast is very dear at 15 GBP. Go to Baba's accross the road it's such good value and the staff are lovely. They gave me free tea with my breakfast at 2.50!There is no sheet on the bed only a duvet and it's cover was quite rough.The minibar is very dear don't use it at all. Buy in the local super market down the road and if you want to keep stuff cool then just empty out the fridge and put in your own stuff.The internet is only available in the lobby by the main entrance door and there is usually a queue.There is an extra charge for room service of 3 pounds so if you must eat there eat in the restaurant.While the bus stop is outside there is only 1 bus that services that road. On Sunday I was waiting nearly half an hour for the no. 177. Quite stingy with milk and tea bags so bring a few of your own!I found a hair in the bath when I arrived on Saturday night. Bath had not been cleaned.Advantages:Bus stop and rail station right outside the door.New hotel, quite clean.Safe.Fridge.Good-sized ensuite.The layout of the room is a little strange. The wardrobe is very small and was ok for me as I was travelling on my own but would be very small for 2. The toilet is in a separate room to the main ensuite bathroom but no sink in the toilet room. The main ensuite is a good size however and the bath is separate to the shower.If you get a good discount for this hotel may as well give it a shot but NOT AT THE PRICE I PAID.For the O2 Arena:There is no direct bus or rail from this hotel. If getting public transport get the bus no. 177 to Greenwich Romney Road (outside the college and opposite Devonport House hotel and transfer to bus no. 129 or 188. It's a very short distance to walk but I don't recommend it late at night. The traffic was quite bad so leave in plenty of time.One Word Of Warning:Train Station closes before the trains stop running and it was a little confusing coming out of Greenwich DLR station late at night. You exit a different way than when you enter when the main station is open. Took me a while to find my bearings and get back to the hotel little scary at night.	
Oct 21 2009 	Wow - Everything they say is true - excellent	Travelled to London as a family (two small children) and found Novotel to be everything we had hoped for, the staff were very attentive and loved the kids, rooms modern, clean and very comfortable, the breakfasts to die for and room service not expensive if like us you arrive late at the hotel , rail station is right next door and only 15 or so minutes into centre of London, Greenwich itself is lovely, very clean and has lots of great cafe's, Davies wineshop and restaurant is also a must. Stayed 3 nights and would definately stay again.	
Oct 6 2009 	wonderful	Lovely hotel,really helpful and very pleasant staff.Wonderfully comfortable bed spotlessly clean room,great bar snacks and truly the best breakfast we've ever had in an hotel. only in london for a concert at the O2. hotel arranged minicab but you could use trains, station is next to hotel.car parking spaces are limited, quite small underground car park(£12 per night) not too bad for london	
Sep 28 2009	everything about this hotel is excellent	I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for somewhere to stay whilst in london especialy if they are going to the o2 arena.The staff could not do enough for you,the rooms were clean and in good condition and the food was exellent and plenty of it.my daughter and I were so impressed we are going to book again for next year.	
Sep 19 2009	Sacary...	I used this hotel when my mum came over from Japan. I had a breakfast in the hotel with her, and paid my breakfast cost separately. As I don't eat very much, I ordered a 'continental breakfast', and they perfectly understand that. When I went to the bathroom, the waiter let my mum to sign the tab. In following day, I realized that actually they charged her a 'full breakfast'. My mum can't speak English and didn't know the price difference either, so obviously hotel cheated her. I think they are not honest at all. So be careful what you are charged in the hotel.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Location	We travelled to London all the way from Portsmouth for a weekend away. And after a very long trip arrived at the hotel. When we arrived, we were asked if it was a smoking room we wanted as they were the only ones available. Once they knew we preferred a non-smoking room things went smoothely.The staff were really helpful and friendly - even when our key cards decided to stop working.The breakfast staff are super friendly. Which could be a little offensive to those who arent really morning people but my mum and I found it quite amusing.The breakfast buffet was good too. Quite a choice for so early in the morning but we managed it.A wonderful weekend away and a wonderful stay.The room was lovely with a view over the small courtyard in front of the hotel. It was clean and well serviced both days that we were there. And housekeeping and reception were both on top of their game when we requested more shampoo and shower gel.	
Sep 10 2009 	A good quality comfortable hotel	The hotel is clean and very comfortable. My room overlooked the station but I was on the 5th floor, so there was little noise. If I stayed there again, I would make sure the room was on another side of the hotel. I have stayed in other hotels in the area and this is definately the best so far.	
Sep 6 2009 	family trip to London great hotel excellent location	First family visit to London (as the kids are now teenagers I thought it was time we should venture south to our capital !). I picked this hotel because of the excellent deal via superbreak (3 nights for the price of 2, including breakfast, £200, bargain). We decided to drive due to the horrific price of virgin trains and arrived ~1pm (easy to find once you come out Blackwall tunnel...even without a satnav). Parking was easy in the underground carpark at the hotel (£12 a night so not bad) and the room was ready for us. Room was good, slight lack of space with two growing teenagers but expected that. Staff were friendly and efficient especially at breakfast time, as commented on by others. The best thing about this for me was the location. It was away from hustle and bustle of central London (where hotels are often way overpriced and run down in my experience) yet travelling was so easy. You don't need to travel by DLR, in fact that was closed on one of the dayswe were there - the train takes you right into Charing Cross or Canon St where you can either walk to attractions (get your trainers on... you see so much more walking) or grab a tube...so easy the kids could have done it on their own. Oh and yes, the station literally is right next door (travelling was so cheap too - £5.60 for adults and £1.00, yes £1.00, for kids to travel all day, well after 9.30am but who's up that early anyway). In summary would highy recommend this hotel as a base and will definitely go back when we next visit.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great base to explore London!	We have stayed at the Novotel several times when visiting the O2 plus just to enjoy Greenwich and other parts of London.This time we caught the Thames Clipper to the London Eye and walked back by the Thames Path. It was a fascinating way to spend the day. We had an excellent curry at Mogul and lunch at The Yacht - great river views. Novotel staff excellent as always and the usual great breakfast to start the day!	
Aug 25 2009 	Poor design and multiple issues with bookings never corrected	In summary, not bad for O2 concerts, but still expensive for what you get and the booking system seems to have some serious problems.Mixed bag this place, the location isn't bad, as it's quite handy for the O2, but outside of that, you have to get the DLR first to get into tourist London proper. This is a blessing and a curse - if you're staying here for an O2 event and the Jubillee line goes down, you're one of the few event goers that won't be bothered, as you'll be walking, or getting a bus or taxi anyway. On this subject, be aware there are road works ongoing throughough summer 2009 in Greenwich, so plan your journey accordingly. If the DLR connection goes down, you're looking at transport traumas to get into the rest of London for tourist attractions.The hotel seems fairly new, but the room we had had many niggles regarding design - In trying to be stylish, functionality was lost. Separate toilet and bathroom, great - except that the bathroom door knocks into the bed when you open it and there's no handbasin in the separate toilet. The toilet has a suspended ceiling that bangs when you open or close the door - if you get up to use it in the night, if you shut the door, you're waking your other half, especially if you want to wash your hands. Even though the room was fairly large, it seemed poorly laid out with little hanging space or drawers. I took a vid clip to illustrate this and will link it in at a later stage if possible.Breakfast was pretty standard for a chain hotel in a city, nothing exceptional, but OK. Room service was slightly above average and came on time (just.) We only had a quick drink in the bar and experienced poorly prepared overpriced coffee, we also didn't eat any main meals in the restaurant, but if it's anything like the rest of the bar service, I wouldn't bother given the pricing, there are much better places to eat in Central London and Greenwich.The largest problems we experienced were with the service. Room was kept nicely clean and staff were polite, but promises were made and not kept. Taxis not ordered, queries re charges given different answers, minor repairs not carried out etc. The worst issue was with the booking itself - there was great confusion over an amendment that was made directly with the hotel and confirmed several weeks prior to our arrival. After many assurances that everything had been sorted out, they still attempted to charge us the incorrect rate on checkout (about £80 more) and we needed to show hard copies of the various email confirmations regarding the amendment for a fourth time! To make matters worse, my card was charged the whole balance for the original booking because they had failed to replace it and I had to make several calls to obtain a refund. If you do decide to stay (and I can't recommend it) make sure you have hard copies of your booking details and scrutinise your card charges when the bill comes through. To be honest, I don't want to do business with a company that overcharge you, regardless of the reason. When we checked out we didn't even get a &quot;was your stay OK?&quot; or offered a feedback card. We ended up in a bit of a hurry to make a transport connection, and left without making a formal complaint, but when I contacted them through the website, I didn't receive any reply, which says a lot in itself.So in summary, nice looking rooms that have a great many annoyances, and some serious service issues with the staff, but it is fairly well placed for the O2 if that's your sole reason for your stay. Boils down to do you want to put your faith in the Jubillee line or the riverboats - if not, stay on the Greenwich peninsula, but I'd recommend doing so somewhere else if at all possible.Have fun in London, and consider an Oyster card if you're staying a while, just makes life so much easier. Unrelated to the hotel itself, if you're doing a West end theatre show, try eating at Arbutus as a treat - truly a hidden gem - I'll have to pop a separate review up at some point.Feel free to get in touch about this place, but please be aware, I've got a couple of business trips and a main holiday coming up, so apologies in advance if I don't get back immediately.CheersMagic_Bryan	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent accommodation	We booked this hotel through laterooms so got it for a reasonable price. The room was a little too small for a couple with a child as the sofa bed was permanently extended. However the room was very clean and quiet. Staff were excellent and helpful. We were so impressed by the hotel we made arrangements to stay in another novotel in Manchester which we were equally impressed with.	
Aug 20 2009 	Car Park 	Charging £1 per hour for overnight parking and £12.99 for internet access boosted my bill considerably - these greedy hotels should recognise that in a credit crunch, people don't appreciate these rip-offs.The room was only basic, with a cheap bed and pillows and utilitarian bathroom.Nothing special here I'm afraid. Not one for a return visit.	
Aug 18 2009 	Family friendly hotel with wonderful staff	We stayed for 3 days whilst attending an sporting event at Crystal Palace. Had two adjoining rooms at a very good rate with Superbreak for us and our three children and grandma. Cannot fault it - the staff particularly were very helpful and friendly (especially at breakfast!) and the rooms and bathrooms were great. We choose Greenwich because it has lots of good restaurants, a decent swimming pool and Greenwich park. Would definitely stay here again - much better than a travelodge and the breakfast was included. Easy access to central London.	
Aug 7 2009 	Nice stay	Very nice Hotel. Very good value for money. Nice choise and quality food at the breakfast buffet. Personel had a good knowledge of languages. Very friendly and helpfull personel.Will recommand hotel at other persons.	
Aug 6 2009 	Modernclean and very comfortable	This hotel looks very average from outside but is very clean and modern within. The rooms are spacious and very modern including an excellent aircon system. Very handy for central London and the breakfast was the best I have had in the world. You get what you pay for. Bar is pricey but hey Its London! Staff excellent, friendly and attentive.Parking is secure and at 12.00 per day its not that bad. Did not have dinner at Hotel but loads of places nearby to try. I would highly, highly reccomend this place.	
Jul 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here for two nights for my daughters 14th birthday. Location perfect for getting into city centre. Room had everything we needed for a pleasant stay. No noise from the nearby train station. Breakfast was buffet style with plenty of choice. Staff were very helpful and friendly especially Cornelius (in the bar). When he realised it was my daughters birthday he brought her a muffin with a candle in. Very nice touch! Would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	brilliant!!	stayed here with my daughter for 6 nights from 13-16 July. Cannot find anything to fault. Easy,quick check in, comfortable room,pleasant friendly staff,nothing too much trouble. will certainly re-visit	
Jul 20 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I have just returned from an excellent stay in London. We booked the Novotel due to its close proximity to the O2 Arena as I had booked this hotel last time I went to a concert there. The second visit was certainly not a disappointment. Unfortunately the concert was cancelled (MJ :-( ) and I was tempted to move my accomodation closer to the city centre but I am glad that I didn't. The staff were fantastic, friendly and nothing was too much trouble, even when we came back late at night and the restaurant was closed they sorted out a really nice meal for us. The rooms were a decent size and the breakfast was amazing. I would certainly stay here again and I would have no problem in recommending this hotel to a friend especially if they are going to the O2, as taxis are only allowed to charge a set price per trip.	
Jul 13 2009 	Well placed hotel to see London sights	My wife and I stayed for two nights in a superior twin room with half board. The hotel is new and is well sited for ease of access from London City airport via Dockland Light Railway. The DLR station is a four minute walk from the hotel. The mainline railway station at Greenwich is next door to the hotel and the bus stop is outside. The room was most acceptable with a bath and shower and a seperate toilet. The buffet breakfastwas exceptional with the cooked items nicely displayed. The range of items available would meet every wish. The dinner and lunch menus were interesting and we enjoyed two excellent dinners and one lunch. The fresh fruit dessert was the best we have everbeen offered. We would wish to highly commend the staff for their efficiency, pleasant manners and sincere endeavours to meet the needs of the guests. The hotel is well placed for those wishing to visit the many sights in the Greenwich area and we would recommend the Old Royal Naval College (the Chapel and the painted Hall must not be missed), the Queens house and the Maritime musuem and, of course the Meridian line.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good Hotel	Stayed here 12th June for one night. Check in efficient and friendly. Hotel was modern and very clean. Our room very comfortable, double bed ,sofa bed ,flat screen tv new carpets and curtains. Everything modern and fresh. Proper hairdryer in room not one of those silly ones in the bathroom that burn your hand !! Tea and coffee tray, small fridge with soft drinks and snacks. Wardrobe had full size ironing board and iron ! The bathroom had a shower cubicle and small bath with shower head. The toilet was in another room beside the door as you entered the hotel room. The hotel is next to Greenwich train station(no noise from trains ) which was handy to get into London city. We booked this hotel to visit Greenwhich maritime museum (which was a fabulous day out ) It is also very handy for the O2 venue a bus ride away.We booked the room with breakfast and we were so glad we did as it was really good value and so much choice !!!! It really is worth shopping around for deals on this hotel as we saw the room rate displayed and the price for breakfast !! We saved so much by booking this way....Overall this hotel is Really very good and we will definately be using again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Nothing to write home about	Stayed for about 10 days while on work in London.Expensive location - usually they bundle the breakfast at about 16 pounds (GBP) - so check Decent conncetivity if you are working at Canary wharf (the new central business district) - Docklands Light Railway takes about 10-12 mins to get from Greenwich (location of hotel) to Canary Wharf.Stay only if you have to be there for a few days and have not been able to manage anything else. If you are a tourist, cheaper and much better value for money options available - avoid this overrated 4 star Novotel.Cheers	
Apr 19 2009 	Modern hotel with very friendly staff famnily rooms available	We were looking for a hotel with a family room and found Novotel Greenwich. This hotel is near rail and DLR to London. Town center of London by rail within 15 min.Room was clean by very small for 4 persons. In fact it was a normal room with the sofa opend for a bed. So there was hardly any room to put your belongings.The hotel looks new with an elegant foyer and restaurant. Breakfast was very good with everything you would like to have as a contintal or a full cooked breakfast.Most important: the staff was very friendly. Interesting: staff came from many countries such as Poland, Germany, Hungary, France, UK... We had two complaints with the fridge and a lamp and they were quickly fixed.Greenich is worth a visit, too.For another stay in London I would not hesitate to book it again.	
Apr 15 2009 	HArd to fault- excellent no frills accomodation in a great location	Family of 4 stayed over Easter in a family room - hotel very clean and staff v helpful. Good breakfast included with a great veriety including cooked and continental buffet. Location is excellent right beside trains and DLR's and is a good base for getting into London - mainline train to charing cross about 20 min journey. Area is family/tourist freindly with wide variety of restraunts nearby. Family room had all we needed but was tight for space - only a small complaint with this as we were not in the room for long anyway. Staff freindly and helpful including chasing down coach transfer information for us when needed.	
Apr 11 2009 	The family rooms are particularly good value	Like most other recent reviewers I was very impressed by this hotel. The building is smart and modern and it’s in an attractive, convenient location. The bedroom was anonymous but pleasant and had a good bathroom with a bath and a separate shower cubicle. We were a family of four and the room price - £109.00 including breakfast – seemed very good value indeed. (There are only a limited number of family rooms with a sofa bed.) The breakfast was excellent with a wide range of both continental and cooked choices – also lots of different fruits and delicious rice pudding. The facilities (such as the gym and sauna) seemed impressive although we didn’t have time to take advantage of these. The staff were particularly warm, efficient and helpful. I’ve stayed in several similar hotels (mostly on business trips) and thought this was one of the best hotels of its type/price range I’ve come across.	
Apr 7 2009 	Excellent	Nice hotel in the heart of Greenwich. Walking distance to the markets and everything at your doorstep. Good facilities and clean comfortable rooms.	
Feb 21 2009 	Stay at this hotel	Simple review. Good price, great service, very clean, spacious room (have stayed in many London hotels and been able to touch both walls with arms spread out!) good location, good facilities such as being able to plug my ipod into TV. Great breakfast. Would stay again tomorrow.	
Feb 17 2009 	Lovely stay	We stayed at the Novotel in Greenwich for 2 nights and had a lovely time. The hotel is ideally situated for the museums and the observatory, all in easy walking distance. It is also right next door to Greenwich station and a couple of minutes walk from the DLR.It is a modern build and therefore lacks &quot;character&quot; but everything is clean &amp; shiny. We have stayed in London many times and (unless we go for 5*) have come to prefer new hotels rather than the old ones &quot;full of character&quot; where everything is dirty and nothing works. And they still charge a premium...anyway, different story.What makes this hotel special is the staff, nothing is too much trouble. Service of a high standard delivered with a smile, fantastic.The rooms are modern &amp; functional, the restaurant &amp; bar are pleasant with a good selection of drinks &amp; dishes.We would stay there again anytime.	
Feb 6 2009 	The best breakfast in London........ first class!	We booked Novotel Greenwich primarily because we had booked to see Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour at the O2 Arena.In terms of location, the hotel fitted the bill perfectly. A tube ride from Waterloo (change at Canary Wharf - this area is certainly worth seeing - like Tokyo meets New York with huge skyscrapers and underground shopping with everything from sushi to hand made shirts......) The hotel is right next to the station at Greenwich and this famous maritime area is the complete antithesis of Canary Wharf. The building is modern, which would normally make me think of mundane, faceless and impersonal but the receptionist was very friendly and was extremely helpful about advising us on how to get to the O2 (188 or 129 bus from a little further up the road) even giving us a map. Excellent!Our room was perfect, spotlessly clean and well equipped. You couldn't fault anything.Breakfast was certainly the best offering I have ever seen in a chain hotel and easily the most memorable I have had in London. Good choice of cooked, cold, continental, juices etc and all of high quality. The menu even gave calorific content and I tucked into a piece of bacon in the smug knowledge it was less calories that a bowl of rice krispies!All in all a great hotel, offering superb accommodation at a very resaonable price, inclusive of breakfast. I highly recommend it.	
Jan 29 2009 	Good Value	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for five nights at the end of January on a pre paid no refund bed and breakfast package. The hotel is close to the centre of Greenwich, which has some nice shops and restaurants along with many places of historical interest. The hotel adjoins Greenwich railway station from where you take the DLR to Canary Wharf or London Bank station. Mainline trains, which run very frequently also take you to London Bridge station in about 10 minutes, the underground system then runs from both London Bridge and Bank.Although our room at the back of the hotel overlooked the station there were no problems with either privacy or noise.The hotel is modern and clean with daily room service. All staff were friendly and always greeted us with a friendly hello. Reception and dining room staff in particular were always most helpful and pleasant.Our room and bath room were adequate for our needs, facilities included an iron and ironing board, tea and coffee making facilities, a hair dryer, safe, mini-bar together with radio and TV, although the number of satellite stations was limited the main TV stations were available. The only complaint about the room was that air conditioning was poor even in January and this could be a problem in warmer weather unless the hotel provided a fan.Breakfast was the only meal we ate in the hotel, there was a wide choice of hot and cold items although a number of the hot items could have been a little warmer at times but this is a personal opinion.All in all the price paid for our accommodation was fair and good value for what we got. I feel that the hotel is above average for this type of hotel and would rate it three star plus in the category.	
Jan 26 2009 	A Great Base to See London	I stayed in this hotel with my husband and my parents for a weekend break. The main purpose of our break was to see Wicked in the Apollo Victoria Theatre. Overall I was very happy with the hotel.Liked: The location, the surrounding area, the hotel staff, breakfast, free internet access and printing facilities, the size of the roomThe hotel is located directly next door to the train station and there are trains to London Bridge (10 mins journey time) and Cannon Street (15 mins journey time) approx every 20 mins. From there you can join the Tube or the tourist buses for sightseeing.Disliked:The rooms were a little cold but clean and a standard size. I'm not sure the hotel merits 4 star status - we stayed two nights and our towels were not changed. Also there was no shower cap or body lotion and the shower cubicle was small enough. However for the amount we paid for the rooms these are only small complaints and I felt we got value for money.I would certainly stay in this hotel again. We flew in through Heathrow which took 2 hours transfer time on Friday evening so next time I would look at a closer airport.	
Dec 23 2008 	Superb - couldn't fault it.	Stayed 3 nights. Hotel literally next door to Greenwich railway station, offering direct access to the mainline rail network and the DLR (Dockland's Light Railway), giving quick access to Central London and beyond. Effective double glazing ensures noise isn't a problem. Our room was spacious and spotlessly clean. All staff were friendly and extremely helpful.Breakfast was excellent, offering a choice of cooked items or a range of fresh fruits and cereals. The restaurant staff were very pleasant and attentive.I regularly stay in hotels for both leisure and business (unfortunately!) purposes and have to say this is one of the best 'value or money' ones I have had the pleasure of staying in.	
Nov 14 2008 	Excellent efficient and enjoyable stay	Stayed in room 349 from 11 - 14 November 2008.Reservation was made through the Novotel website. I followed up by email to advise the hotel that I had changed my flight and would arrive late. Upon arriving the check in went smoothly and I was soon in my room. The room had a large bed with a reasonably hard mattress, ( I hate soft ones ), large size TV, ( though only half a dozen English and 2 French channels ), bathroom, ( seperate shower and bathtub ), seperate WC, minibar, coffee-tea making facilities, safe, hairdryer and nice, new fluffy towels.The room overlooks the main road and thus had a nice view but may be too noisy for others. The hotel is located right next to the DLR / railline station though I did not notice any noise. The area of the hotel is pleasant, and there are quite a few shops, restaurants and bars nearby and yet the feeling is of a small provincial town in the countryside. I went one night to a nice Spanish restaurant close by after going for a walk along small, quiet lanes that led up a hill with nice views.The hotel has a restaurant and bar and I had breakfast there only once. It was good but not brilliant. The bar and restaurant offer a nice menu for meals in the evening and I stayed in once to eat and watch the Spurs v LIverpool match. Service at the restaurant and bar is very good. Staff are friendly and attentive. The tall, slim French head waiter is excellent and his staff all follow from him. There is a dark-skinned small waiter who is very nice and the girl behind the bar, Ilena, is also very good and a real hard-worker.Check out went smoothly and the Polish gentleman on duty is very professional in his work.Excellent., well run hotel in a good location. walking along small lanes	
Nov 12 2008 	Ideal place to stay at	We -2 adults+2 teenagers-spent 3 nights at the hotel. The location is ideal, reasonably priced - £126/night including BB - with cheap and easy connexions to London. The hotel is modern, has a garage, and is run in a very professional way, with a caring and helpful staff. The rooms were functional and comfortable, whilst the meals were excellent. The breakfast was abundant with a choice of british and continental foods and the Elements restaurant served delicious meals, well recommended by a highly dedicated MC. It was an absolute pleasure to stay at Novotel Greenwich and we shall return there for any future visit to the area of London. We strongly recommend the hotel and are grateful to Mr.R.U., the MC, for making our stay all the more enjoyable. MAT, Glasgow.	
Oct 17 2008 	Very Enjoyable stay	This hotel is excellent for events at the o2 arena as it is just a short bus drive away or one stop on the Thames clipper. The reception staff are very competant and helpful and one in particular was very professional indeed. The rooms are modern and with plenty of space. The shower room seemed to be a bit close to the bed, but that is just being picky. Great buffet breakfast and probably worth the £14 if you have not booked B&amp;B. The underground parking is very secure and good value at £10 over night. We didnt even have to pay any extra even though we left the car there for half of the next day whilst we toured around Greenwich. All in all a very good hotel very close to the village, DLR, Greenwich overground and the Thames clipper. Very much recommended.	
Sep 28 2008	Best Hotel In London!!!	Last year we stayed in London at the Novotel Excel, which was Excellent but we wanted something different because the location of that was not good. This year we went to Novotel Greenwich, which is by far THE BEST HOTEL IN LONDON, the location is abseloutely phenomenal, Half a minute walk to the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) which will take you to the Greenwich attractions (planetarium is fab), Canary Wharf, and into central London. Also, at the same station, SouthEastern Trains services will take you into Central London, and also to Dartford, Rochester, Chatham and Gillingham. Breakfast was BRILLIANT, if you want cooked breakfasts, then this is your place. You get sausages, bacon, hash browns, eggs etc etc. The room couldn't be better, the bathrooms were 10 out of 10, bed was 10 out of 10. I was surprised that the room we got was exactly the same inside as the Excel Novotel! :-) Overall the best hotel in London EVER	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Hotel. Service and Location	Difficult to fault this hotel really. Right next to a DLR station making access across the capital easy. Situated near to Greenwich Village which is safe to walk around at night with loads of nice restaurants nearby My colleagues and I arrived on business and were pleasantly suprised by the cleanliness of the hotel and the pleasantness of the staff. The main plus point however, is the room spec. They are very large with flat screen TV (decent size) large bed, sofa, minibar, Internet, iron and ironing board. Breakfast was excellent quality and varied choice means there's something for everyone. Would throughly recommend this hotel to anyone for both business and pleasure as I loved it.	
Aug 5 2008 	Immaculate great value hotel!	We stayed here for one night in order to see a concert in the O2. Rooms were very reasonably priced and did not seem to be hiked up because of the event nearby (as some places are wont to do). We parked in the secure underground car park which was only £10 for 24 hours, so we were free to explore the city from there without worrying about security or finding other parking.Staff were extremely helpful with check-in and arranging taxis for us and any questions we had were answered immediately and with no confusion. The rooms were lovely, two huge beds and plenty of space and a lovely marble bathroom with a large shower, bath and huge sink. I couldn't tell you how well located it is for the shopping centre of London (Oxford Street etc) but it was very well located for the O2, about £8 by taxi, without being too near it. It was in a very quiet area and even though there were some pubs and restaurants around and it was Friday night, we didn't hear a thing.I would definitely recommend this hotel, not just for an overnight stay but for any length break to London.	
Jul 29 2008 	Fantastic in comparrison to other 4* hotels in London	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location.We stayed here in order to go to a concert at the 02 Arena,Hotel was clean, comfortable and modern. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Even the 24hr room service is pretty decent. Although the menu mentions very limited meals when you call up room service the'res actually quite a few things on offer.We loved it and would stay there again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Very average. Not very comfortable.	Very small, hard and uncomfortable beds. Breakfast expensive. Location good for London and Greenwich sightseeing.	
Jul 7 2008 	Still quite good still the same problems	I've stayed at this hotel a few years running now, all at roughly the same time of the year. It's a good hotel, in general, though there are a few problems.As previous reviewers have mentioned, it's very close to Greenwich railway and DLR station and in many ways this is one of the hotel's attractions - you have frequent, regular and quick connections to different parts of London, right on the doorstep, *without* noise being a problem. Great. The hotel is fairly modern, though as it ages things are beginning to get a little more worn, though I'm sure many people wouldn't spot this unless they'd been there when it was very new. Check in was fine, except the key card I was given didn't work, and having returned to reception and been given a different card, that didn't work either, so I was then moved to a different room. The rooms are, as ever, clean and comfortable.The one problem is that, as many other reviewers have pointed out, the air-conditioning, although giving you the impression you have some control over it - there's a regulator in the room - actually gives you no control at all and the rooms are quite simply too hot, and the windows don't open far. There are a few other touches which suggest the management have become a bit too relaxed - my remote control batteries were clearly on their last legs; there was no writing paper; very minor things they got right a few years ago...Breakfasts are great, though - a very good and diverse buffet, including a non-greasy English breakfast. It's expensive, but worth it, actually, esp if you can get a deal which includes breakfast.Overall, if you can put up with the heat, this is a reliable and clean, good hotel, well situated, and quiet, despite the location.	
Jul 6 2008 	hot rooms	This hotel needs to install air conditioning - I have stayed several times and the rooms are fine in winter and very comfortable but when it's warm the 'air cooling system' is useless. It's very noisy with the window open as there are trains one side and a clock that chimes every hour the other!	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice but not for me again!	Reception was almost non existant when my family and I arrived at the hotel at 10pm on a Saturday. Took almost 40 minutes to check in. No porter service provided, despite being laden with two suitcases and a baby.Room was well prepared and hotel had taken on board that we woudl be arriving with a baby and had provided a clean cot for her use. Room was very clean , so was the bathroom. One of the cleanest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. Plasma screen TV in hotel room with full entertainment service. Aircon was not working well, was quite warm in room. Service in hotel was excellent, apart from breakfast time when the staff did not seem to wear ironed clothes ! or even washed! The dishes used at breakfast were still dirty, seems like their dishwasher did not work. Breakfast food choice was good. But who would eat breakfast on dirty dishes?Hotel location is good, near BR railway and Docklands light railway. Lots of shops and restuarants near by, couldnt help feeling that Greenwich was nothing but a tourist trap. All the restuarants we visited servced sub standard food for the price being asked. Novotel is charging alot of money for a budget hotel service really. Rooms are clean and service is good, but the price does not warrant a future stay. Would rather stay at the Holiday Inn in Greenwich or one of the newer hotels in docklands where you get what you pay for. !! i.e pay less and get the same budget service !	
Jun 11 2008 	Hot Stuffy Rooma	Top marks for the hotel location, very convienient. BUT...I have stayed at this hotel twice on business trips. The first time was pleasant and was in the winter months and a very short stay. The second stay was just recently in the short brief summer that we had in June. The moment i stepped into the room the heat in the room hit my face, i turned the air conditioning system on and there was only a little murmuring noise emanating from the ventilation grill. I immediately went to the front desk girl and asked about why it wasn;t working properly, her immediate response was to correct me and tell me it was an &quot;air cooling system&quot; and that she apologised that all the rooms are set to the same temperature and cannot be changed expecting me to understand - and boy did she waffle. During that moment another customer came down and claimed his room was too hot and she gave the same answer. I'm not too sure how Novotel expect you to sleep at night -the windows only open a little for safety reasons and if you were unfortunate as me and your room was overlooking the DLR you can;t have them open until 1am when then trains stop for the night and get some peace and quiet. I had a horrible week in that hotel and i will be sure that i do not return expecially during teh summer. If you really have to stay in the hotel please ensure that you ask for a room NOT overlooking the DLR AND ask if they have sorted out the air cooling system! -trust me you wont be able to sleep!!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Hotel	After a terrible train journey from Leeds (never again), it was a relief to arrive at a lovely, calm hotel right outside the Greenwich station. Staff were very friendly and helpful both at reception and the restaurant at breakfast the following day. Whilst on the subject, breakfast included both continental and cooked and there was plenty of choice for both.Rooms are lovely and airy with sofa as well as a comfy bed. If visiting the O2, I would definitely recommend this hotel and Greenwich is a lovely area to explore.	
Mar 23 2008 	Take That O2	This hotel is one of the best i have stayed in! The staff were excellent, more than accommodating and willing to help with directing us to where we wanted to go, as we had no idea, really! The room was immaculate, and so much bigger than i had expected, really impressive. Beds were very comfortable and even though the hotel is beside the station, you do not hear any noise at all, so it's perfect, really. As for the food, we dined there for dinner on the evening we arrived and i could not fault it at all, it was absolutely lovely, we definately worked our way through the menu!!! And breakfast is outstanding, something for everyone, full english, continental....what more could you ask for! We travelled to London by train and getting to the hotel was quicker and easier than we had expected which was fantastic, i really recommend this if you are thinking of staying in London, lovely area too.	
Mar 4 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	Room was well appointed. Large tv, couch, comfortable bed and artsy bathroom. The toilet area was completely separate from the shower area but it wasn't too bothersome. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a large buffet with a wide variety of yummy foods. I've stayed at the Novotel in New York so was hesitant about staying here because my experience in NY was not the greatest, but this hotel is far nicer than the one in NY.	
Feb 25 2008 	Inexpensive Hotel-ideal for O2 arena.	Just got back from staying at this hotel over the weekend.We booked through the hotel website &amp; got a good deal.Clean,comfortable no frills hotel,ideal if you are visiting the O2 arena.We didnt eat in the hotel -so cant comment on that .However the service in the bar &amp; at the front desk was efficient &amp; pleasant.All in all it does what it says on the box !!!!	
Feb 15 2008 	Very impressed	We stayed in this hotel for one night on Valentines day, 2 adults and 1 child (unfortunately we had to take our son even though it was Valentines Day!!).We read the reviews and were looking forward to our stay. We arrived early (12 noon) and the check-in staff were polite and helpful and made arrangements which allowed us to check in early. This was a great help as we just dumped the car in the secure underground garage and it left us to get around London via public transport and not have to worry about the car.The room was immaculate, what we had booked (ie sleeps three and non-smoking). outside the window was the DLR and other rail line, but we could not hear it with the windows closed and so was not a problem.We had an afternoon sight-seeing and then out for a meal and then returned to the hotel in the late evening. The best way to get into the City was via the river, £18 for a family ticket using the Thames Clipper service which runs approx every 15mins from Greenwich Pier. This Pier is a short walk, only 10 mins, away from the hotel, and is easy to find. Greenwich town centre is on the way and has plenty of shops (normal high street shops) and the Greenwich market close by.The adult bed was at least a King-Size, maybe a Super-King-Size, andour son slept on the sofa, which was already set up for us by the hotel. Breakfast was included in our hotel package. Normal cost is £13.50 for continental and £16.50 for full english. This is very expense considering there are a handful of greasy-spoon cafe's 10 minutes walk down the road. Anyway, as it was included for us, we went the whole hog. Cooked breakfast was great, usual saus, bacon ,egg, hash browns, eggs, beans, tomato, mushrooms...... and then all of the other pastries, bread/toast, juices, cereals, yogurts....... more than a feast!We went to an exhibition at the O2 dome. The river was expensive for one stop, nearly as much as a full day-tripper ticket. There are buses that go past the front of the hotel that go to the O2, (number 188 i think), but apparantly you have to buy tickets before you board, and we weren't quite sure where to get these from. We chose to use the car to get to the dome. It's a 10minute drive (depending on London traffic - i think we were quite lucky). There was a sign stating Car Parking was £20, but then we chose Car Park number 2 which ended up costing just £5 for the whole day - BARGAIN!!Checkout was quick and efficient, we even had the option to leave the car in the garage and come back for it later so that you could go sight-seeing or whatever for a second day and only pay for one overnight stay which costs just £10. We have stayed at alot of hotels in our time, including the top brands Marriott, Hilton etc, and this easily compares to these in the areas of room quality, staff customer service and overall enjoyability of the stay.Well recommened, we would definately stay there again.	
Feb 11 2008 	Really good hotel	We stayed at the Novotel on the 9th Feb 2008. We were booked in very efficiently, our room was ready early and so we went up. The view on the sixth floor was really good as it was a very clear bright day. Room was immaculate. Breakfast the next morning was excellent loads to choose from. Booking out was efficient. Car park is a bonus and not a rip off. The only down side was the DLR (tube/railway), and this is nothing to do with the hotel. Workmen started drilling/cutting banging etc at 1.00am Sunday morning and continued up the line for what seemed an eternity. It is not the sort of hotel where you can nip back to drop off shopping, get changed etc if you have a time schedule . We found that we stayed out all day. We had planned to go back to shower and change, but it is a fair journey out to Greenwich, and if there is a power failure like we experienced yesterday, then it makes travelling quite difficult if you are a novice to the tube system. All that said I found it a really nice hotel. Please use traditional pillows though!!!! Would most definitely stay here again if I were to stay in and around Greenwich.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Location for O2 (Dome)	If you are going to the O2 and need a place to stay look no further.I stayed here for 2 nights, 4 people with ages from 6 to 75 and nothing could have been easier. We arrived at Charing Cross station, changed and had a short train journey to Greenwich. The hotel is situated right next to the station, lovely no walking with heavy bags or looking for a cab. We arrived early but they let us in to our room. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Hotel ultra clean. We planned to see a few sights, Greenwich is an interesting place with a lovely weekend market. But the big bonus of greenwich is the pier, not far from hotel. We got a family roamer ticket for the THAMES CLIPPER which you can buy on board the boat, at a cost of £18.00 it was a bargain. You could hop on and off all day. It goes as far as Waterloo to the west and stops right by the Eye and Big Ben, and to the East it goes to the Dome, many stops along the way, Tower of London, Canary Wharf to name a few.So after all day sightseeing after a small break back at the hotel we again went on the Clipper to the Dome, it was so EASY.The Dome is amazing we had our dinner therem but it can get vey busy, so be prepared to wait to eat. After an amazing show all we had was a short walk (very short) back to the pier and then a five min journey by boat back to Greenwich, that in itself was a treat as the Dome and Canary Wharf look wonderful lit at night.Breakfast at the hotel was £13.50 for each adult but kids eat free, the two travelling with us certainly eat there fair share and were full uo till the late afternoon. So if you want to see a few sights and Visit the Dome LOOK NO MORE THIS HOTEL IS FOR YOU.I HOPE YOU ENJOY YOUR TRIP AS MUCH AS WE DID.	
Dec 19 2007 	I love this Hotel.	I have stayed at this hotel 5 or so times in the last 2-3 years! The main reasons i like this hotel as are follows:Very courteous staff; excellent facilities - hair dryer, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, mini bar, flatscreen tv, very large room, very comfy bed, always very clean, lots of space - room has sofa and desk and still plenty of room, good shower, nice layout, right beside a wine bar (excellent) and a very reasonably priced pub (double excellent) and you are literally 1 minute from greenwich mainline and DLR station (triple excellent).You may worry that because the hotel is beside the railway you will be disturbed by noise, this is not the case, the sound-proofing is 100%, i have never heard a peep i didnt want to hear!On my first visit it was hight of summer and the air conditoning wasnt strong enough for my liking so i went downstairs and asked for an electric fan, the staff straight away fetched one and offered to carry it up for me, every time since i have asked for one and the staff have immediately gotten one for me.the bar staff are very pleasant and will take your drinks up to your room if you so wish. the staff are eager to please and it shows.if you are travelling from central london take the jubilee line to canary wharf, have a look around the brilliant shopping centre there then pick up the DLR straight to Greenwich, or alternatively trains run straight from Charing cross to Greenwich frequently also.if i had to say anything bad about the hotel i would say it is rather annoying that the toilet is actually seperate from the bathroom but really thats not such a big issue.Excellent hotel, excellent staff, i recommend.	
Nov 18 2007	Good short stay	Only spent a short night at the Novotel, but it exceeded my needs. I arrived early from the US, but was given an early check in, and they allowed me to have breakfast. Food was great! Room was fine, comfortable and clean. Staff were all friendly and helpful. I would definitely come here again when the need arises.	
Oct 2 2007	Avoid Breakfast!	We stayed at the Novotel for a night when going to the O2 Arena - the rooms were above average and the location for us was excellent with good transport links to where we wanted to go (it wouldn't be ideally situated however for anyone wanting to easily visit central London). However .... on our confirmation email it listed Breakfast under the room and on arrival we were told what times breakfast was served at. Putting both of these together we presumed that Breakfast was included in our room. When we went to check out we were informed that we owed £27 (about 1/3 of the price of the room!) for two breakfasts in which we simply had cereal and bread / toast!!! Had we known this we would obviously not have taken the breakfast and ate elsewhere at a fraction of the price. As I said the room was good, the location was good for Greenwich but this just soured our stay somewhat	
Sep 20 2007 	Very Conveniently Situated	We stayed at Novotel Greenwich over a weekend to attend a family wedding in nearby Blackheath. As other reviews note, this is a relatively new and to a degree functional hotel, but it is excellently situated right next to the Greenwich rail station- very easy to get into Central London, and also the DLR station to access the Tube sytem. We had a room at the back and we could just about hear the trains- no real bother at all. Of course they stop running overnight.We had a trainee check in clerk, who was very confused by the fact that I had reserved rooms with my card but for three separate couples. She had to get help from a more experienced person, for at one stage she indicated that there were no reservations for our friends! It did get sorted, though on the second day our magnetic door key stopped working so I suspect she only validated it for one day! After we settled in the room, we tried to contact one other couple who had already checked in, but the same girl couldn't find them in the room listing so we ended up calling them on the mobile phone! Not a great start but really the only thing that was at all negative about our stay.In fact, the next day, our taxi to the church did not show on time, and the front desk was very helpful in urgently whistling up a couple of black cabs for us.While we had an inclusive rate, the breakfast at 13.50 GBP is very expensive, and though there is plenty to eat, we have also seen more comprehensive spreads for less cost. Rooms were very comfortable- though a slightly hard bed- and the WC was in its own little broom cupboard size room! Tea/coffee facilities and iron and board in each room. Great to de-crease our wedding outfits!The hotel is less than five minutes walk from the centre of Greenwich, and so close to the numerous interesting elements of this impressive Maritime Heritage site. These could keep you occupied for most of a day in their own right. At weekends the central market is a lovely mix of food and craft stalls- well worth a mooch. Greenwich isn't blessed with good hotels, so the Novotel is a recommended option for a slightly out of City location that also has some very interesting tourist attractions in its own right.	
Aug 25 2007 	Excellent hotel for a moderate price	The Novotel Greewnwich is an excellent place to stay: close to the DLR station while still quiet (for London). The price for a room is moderate (for London). The hotel rooms are new, following the standard setup of the modern Novotel's. Breakfast is however quite expensive biut excellent with regard to choice and quality.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great hotel for the price - close to O2 Arena!	I stayed here for an overnight stay as was going to the O2 Arena and found it to be a great hotel. I managed to get a cheap night stay at £79 for a double room and it was well worth the money (think the normal double room rate is £160).The rooms are fresh and the hotel overall looks quite new. The bed is huge and there's a nice bathroom and flatscreen telly!We had no noise from other rooms which was great so quite good for soundproofing!The hotel has a fitness centre however we never used this. The hotel is right next to the local train station (North Greenwich I think it was called!). When I meant right next to, I eman right next to! We heard a slight noise from the trains but they stopped at night but wouldn't have kept us awake anyway. We were on the sixth floor so maybe if you were lower down there would be a little noise but again, nothing to keep you awake! There's loads of bars and restuarants near this hotel so we never ate in it however the restaurant looked lovely. We did have a drink in the bar and it was a bit more expensive than outside the hotel but it had a nice atmosphere so didn't mind too much!We passed on brekkie as at £13.50 per person we thought this was a bit steep!The hotel also has an ice-making machine and a show shine machine at the lifts which was fab!We got a taxi to the O2 Arena and paid a tenner which wasn't too bad.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for a stay as good transport links and if you can get it at a decent price then grab it!	
Jul 17 2007 	You won't be dissappointed!!	I have travelled to the UK several times over the last six months. This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at while travelling in the UK. It is also one of the best values for the money. I spent 120GBP and was treated to a modern comfortable room. The room had a flat screen TV, modern fixtures and one of the more comfortable beds I have found in the UK.The hotel is right off of the Greenwich train station which is extremely convienient. Its a distance from London but for that price you can't beat it. Will definitiely be visiting here again.	
Jul 12 2007 	Lovely hotel but hot!	Stayed at the Novotel for two nights in June 2007 with my husband and two children. Easy to find and great for parking as car park is under hotel and you feel your car is safe. Very clean, trendy and modern hotel. Staff were really nice and helpful. Didn't eat in hotel so cannot comment on restaurant. My only two criticisms are one the hotel was horribly hot and although air conditioned in room, this didn't seem to work. No 2 is that although rooms are lovely and spacious for two people, once you put the sofabed in for the children, the room becomes very small and also bathroom is very small with the door opening out into room. But overall a lovely hotel, but couldn't have stayed in that room for longer than two nights, but great as a base for London as right next door to railway. Would stay again but without the children or would book two rooms!	
Jun 15 2007 	Hot 	To start with the bad: bedroom much too warm despite 'air conditioning' being continuously on (and whilst warm outside it was hardly a heatwave). To make up for this the cooked breakfast was served at a tepid temperature and some of the fruit at breakfast was still frozen.The room was nice and large and of a 'trendy' design. My only criticisma are that the toilet door opened inwards and would be awkward for larger people or anyone with mobility issues. and an attractive relaxing bath oil was supplied but it would be difficult for anyone over 4ft in height to relax in such a short bath - good shower though.Insufficient staff at reception on both check in and check out though all the staff I dealt with were efficient and pleasant.The hotel is right next to Greenwich Station (rail &amp; DLR). Greenwich is pleasant and a bit different - village atmosphere and good range of (not very expensive) places to eat. Easy journey to central London but as hotel is not cheap &amp; Greenwich probably only rates a brief stay, I would only recommend it for those with a specific reason to stay in the town.	
Jun 12 2007 	Loved the Novotel Greenwich	We stayed at this hotel for three nights in May over a long weekend and were very impressed overall with the services and quality of the bedrooms. This hotel is a well hidden secret in a fantastic location in London. Greenwich was surprisingly very easy to get in and out of the centre of London and we did not have to pay Central London prices. Honestly we could not fault this hotel at all, if you are planning a trip to London and are looking for a place to stay I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 30 2007 	Nightmare at the Novotel London Greenwich	I booked two stays at the Novotel London Greenwich based on reviews on TripAdvisor. My mother and I arrived at the Novotel London Greenwich on April 19, 2007. The hotel is modern and fashionable and our first stay was relatively uneventful except for one minor annoyance. We had ordered continental breakfast to be delivered to our room between 7:00 a.m. and 7:15 a.m. At 7:15 a.m., a young lady came in with just a coffee service and left. Because we were checking out of the hotel 15 minutes later, I didn’t call to complain. When I checked out, I realized that they had charged us for 2 buffet breakfasts in their restaurant and 2 continental room service breakfasts for that morning. These charges were immediately removed from the bill and I wasn't really worried about it. Mistakes can happen sometimes.We returned to the hotel on the evening of April 24, 2007. Unfortunately, my mother had left her handbag with all of her identification, including her passport, in an inn in Devon, England. The innkeeper sent the handbag to the Novotel London Greenwich by overnight courier through the Royal Mail so that my mother would have her passport the next morning. This was crucial because this would be our last day in London before returning home to the States. The room was reserved under my name, so my mother introduced herself to the young lady at the desk of the Novotel and told her that she was expecting a very important package in the morning. The young lady acknowledged this information but I did not see her write it down. We spent the entire next day waiting for the package and placing calls from our hotel room to try and track the progress of it. Several times during the day we went to the front desk and my mother asked if the package had arrived but was told it had not. At around 5:30 p.m., we finally found out from the innkeeper in Devon that the package had been delivered to the Novotel London Greenwich at 8:00 a.m. but that someone at the front desk had rejected the package. Upon learning this, I was infuriated and demanded to talk to a manager. The young assistant manager I spoke with seemed sympathetic and said she would try to find out what happened. Shortly after that, the assistant manager came up to our room with the hotel’s manager. He was quite defensive and blamed the situation on the innkeeper in Devon who he claimed had put the wrong street # on the package and blamed Royal Mail, claiming that they had tried to deliver it to the wrong address and that the hotel was not responsible for this circumstance. He also said that he talked to his staff and that none of them had rejected a package. [We later called Royal Mail ourselves and they confirmed the fact that they had tried to deliver the package to the Novotel London Greenwich and it was rejected by someone at the front desk.] With much distain, he provided us with a telephone number for the American Embassy whose office was closed for the day. The next morning we were awoken at 6:00 a.m. by the front desk asking us if we needed a cab to the airport, a not-so-subtle hint that the hotel would appreciate it if we leave as soon as possible. When I checked out, I found that they had charged me again for 3 breakfasts that we had never ordered!!! This whole situation turned our last day of vacation into a nightmare and ended up costing us nearly $150 in unnecessary telephone calls as well as double delivery charges to send the handbag to the Novotel twice. Plus, my mother had a very difficult time trying to travel back to the U.S. without her passport or any other form of ID. The hotel received the handbag for the second time on April 26th after we had left the hotel for the airport. The assistant manager told my mother they would send it to her at her home but my mother is still waiting to receive it .My advice would be if you decide to stay at this hotel, please do not depend on the front desk for anything important and check your bill very carefully when you check out.	
Apr 22 2007	Excelent choice	London was by far the most expensive destination we had in this whole trip. Finding a nice and confortable place to stay with a reasonable rate was not an easy job, but we are glad we chose the Novotel Greenwich.Despite being far from the main atractions, it is located beside a railway station and London has one of the best public transportation I know. So, it wasn't very hard to reach any point of the city, except on the weekends when they usually close some lines for maintanance, crowding all the others left. To complicate even more the Greenwich station doesn't operate on Sundays, and you have to use the Greenwich DLR station which is right beside it, but makes longer trips to get to the center. It was a problem we had to manage but not a big issue.The hotel was a tipical Novotel standard which is perfect for me and my wife. Nice, modern, confortable, clean, good sized rooms. As I already said in a previous review, I have to remark the hotel's service charges here again. The breakfast for a couple would cost you around 58 dollars (29 pounds) per day, which is astronomically high even considering that we are talking about London. Obviously, since I am not burning money, we took our breakfast elsewhere everyday. Hotel's managers of the world... get reasonable!	
Feb 11 2007	Best Hotel in London	This is perhaps the best hotel for the money in London. Although it is fairly far from the city center, the location and price cannot be beat. The hotel is very well located for quick transport--right off the DLR and National Rail Station. The rooms are very clean with the exception of the smelly sofa-style throw pillows they put on the bed (in addition to the regular pillows) and a somewhat crusty light switch. One other problem concerned my Delta Skymiles card. I have stayed here before and the first time the Skymiles card was not an issue and I was properly awarded credit. This last time, I got a slight hassle from the abrupt recption upon checkout. I explained to them that I received credit before and they nodded their heads (but I was not convinced they were going to see it through). As of now, two months later I still do not have credit, nor do I expect it. Other than this incident, I still think this hotel is the best in London for the price.	
Feb 6 2007 	Excellent	Stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of February mainly because we needed to be in Greenwich. Hotel was very good - difficult to fault in any way. Decent sized room in very good condition, well equipped, well lit and excellent breakfast (didn't try the restaurant for dinner). Hotel is located right next to mainline rail station (10 mins to London Bridge) and the DLR for connections into central London. Greenwich itself is well worth a visit.Hotel is wheelchair accessible	
Jan 18 2007	A Perfect Hotel	This hotel was on a package list, after reading extensive reviews on hotels in and out of London, we decided to stay in Greenwich because hotel was important and this had great reviews, but was economical as well. We have to add our high ratings to these reviews. It is a new, immaculately clean hotel, in the fun college town of Greenwich. Staff knew us and was proactive in meeting our needs. Housekeeping was ahead of the game, and always responsive to requests. The English buffet breakfast was outstanding and one of our favorite things of the trip, and gave us a great start for the day. The hotel was quiet, right near all the transportation you would need, and located in an area we had no hesitation walking at all hours. A couple of specific points: TRAIN: The train station is located behind the hotel--we did not hear the noise of the train although we slept with our window wide open, but when we were ready to go, it was a matter of yards to the train station door. Super convenient. Two train options, with the main stops we needed. Rarely a wait more than 10-12 minutes. We debated the distance, but in the end loved the train ride, and found it no inconvenience. BATHROOM: The reviews I had read raised an issue about the location of the toilet. I thought this was a plus. The toilet was in a separate small room which was adequate sized, and its separate location made it possible for two people to be using bathroom at once. This was an efficiency for us. TECH: This was one area of problem for me because I have my own business and had planned carefully for staying in touch. This is not a fault of the hotel, but I was unable to 1) use my computer charger with the converter I had, 2) connect easily to the internet line provided with the remaining charge I had, or 3) make phone calls from my cell although my provider had assured me London was covered. The staff did what they could to help; there was a second internet option in the room, although it was difficult to type on; there was phone service through the hotel but it was not a fee I could have justified to my clients; staff was able to refer me to the internet service down the street, but all in all, this was the big dilema of my trip. Higher tech options at this hotel would have been a blessing. FOOD: Breakfast was absolutely fabulous--even though the buffet was the same, we enjoyed it equally every morning. We had one evening at the bar and ordered martinis that were sub par by our standards, and modestly recognizable as martinis. In fact the concept of using an olive was unheard of!! In retrospect, we would have passed on this for the pub a couple of yards past the train station. LOCATION: This is a quaint college town and pleasant and safe to walk around with multiple public train options. Our regret was not being able to fully explore Greenwich, and we'll plan to do on our next trip. Within easy walking distance was a full grocery, money exchange and post-office, internet cafe, dry cleaners, several pubs and really good restaurants, and on Saturday, a flea market. We thought the location, even considering the train requirement, to be a plus. We're pretty critical, but we considered this pretty close to a perfect hotel experience, and would pass the London hotels again to stay here. RECOMMENDATION: Buy a 7 day pass on public transportation for zones 1-2. Its $50.00 (25 pounds) per person, and gives you use of all trains (except Heathrow express), buses and undergrounds. This is all we needed for the entire week as tourists, except transport to and from airport. We learned the hard way that it is better to take train with luggage if you don't taxi from airport, because trains are all on one level, and undergrounds are at multiple levels which you can only reach by stairs and escalators--tricky if you are carrying luggage and work files for a week! It also crossed my mind many times that public transportation would have been a real challenge for someone with a disability.	
Jan 15 2007 	Splendid hotel 	The novotel excel is really excellent, although out of the city center, it is located in a nice area in the docklands, 5 minutes walk from DLR Custom House and from there a 25 minute ride to Tower or Bank. Very cleanand modern rooms, breakfast: all that you can want from(fresh) fruit, different sorts of bread, toast, muffins, salmon, cereals and cereal bars and cooked breakfast. The staff is very friendly and let you check in early when the room is free, also a free luggage room available. We will return to this hotel, that's for sure!	
Jan 7 2007 	lovely hotel but rooms too hot!!	stayed here whilst in london for the boat show at the excel centre as thought location was good. came with our 2 young children (children free) room was lovely but a bit crowded once sofa bed made up. only downside was that the room was really hot which made it uncomfortable. we needed to have window open at night but got disturbed by traffic noise!! breakfast was very good. secure parking for 30 cars - £10 per night, we wouldn't have stayed here if no parking available. overall very good just too hot!!!	
Jan 4 2007 	Nice stay!! Good location!! Fab suite!! Loved the bath!!	Suite is very nice, only one so book early!! nice seated area with table and flat screen, sliding doors to bedroom, large bed, dressing table and another flat screen!! Spacious bathrooom with a huge bath for two also massive shower and l'occtaine smellies. Fridge, hairdryer safe, loads of cupboard space!! Very modern and clean room!! Can purchase CDs and movies. Had breakfast in the room very nice english breakfast with pastries and toast, tea and orange juice!! Good location short stroll into the centre of town ideal for romantic weekend, night out in Greenwich or business!! Overall a good stay friendly staff and nice public/bar areas!! Nice idea to walk up though greenwich park in the morning sit up by the observatory with a park porker (best hotdog ever purchase from honest sausage van in park) looking out with a great view over the naval college over the river and into the isle of dogs!!!	
Jan 4 2007 	Good Location	Booked this as a special on their website, with breakfast included. Needed a room for 2 adults and a teenager. Worked well - not a lot of walk-around space when sofa bed made up but the public areas are nice enough for sitting and having coffee. (Agree would be better non-smoking though). Room and bathroom clean. Good having bath and shower seperately. Breakfast OK but would recommend getting an inclusive package - if you have to pay the full price then there are options in Greenwich that might be better. If you really must have childrens menus then there is a Cafe Rouge just down the road.Best thing is the location. Walking distance of a M&amp;S food shop, local restaurants, museums, tourist info etc for local sojourns and right next door to the mainline and DLR station. Whole hotel seems well soundproofed so no noise from this. DLR is great into London. We were at the Barbican - performance finished at 10:00 and we were back in the room at 10:45.	
Nov 15 2006 	Great - will use again	Stayed in Greenwich for work, but this hotel was so good I may return for pleasure. Not only is the building very comfortable to stay in, but the staff evidently enjoy working there, and it shows. The service is so good that it's hard to believe that this is in London; I could even forgive the chambermaid walking in to the room as I was getting dressed, since she apologised so profusely. The reception staff speak French as well as English. Very good wine merchants just next door, and a basement car-park. If they just got rid of the ashtrays from the bar this would be a five-star review.	
Oct 30 2006 	Excellent staff at the Novotel Greenwich	We were visting friends that live nearby and weren't certain when we'd arrive. So we wanted something close to the train station. To our surprise the Novotel was right next to the train platform, which initially worried me. Not an issue. Excellent soundproofing coupled with quiet A/C resulted in a no-noise visit.Our room had a slightly odd layout, but the bed was so comfortable it was a shame to leave it early in the morning.I'm afraid we had champagne at lunch. It would have been better to buy a bottle, but the impulse was easier since they have a nice selection by the glass.Recommended.	
Sep 28 2006 	Very Good Hotel	My children (aged 13 and 8) joined my partner for the weekend whilst he hosted an exhibition at ExCel. Reception was so friendly I almost forgot we were in London. The even gave my youngest a small gift because it was his birthday - this made him feel very special and important.The hotel itself is very modern, bright and clean. Our room was quite typical for a business trip. My only complaint about the room was the toilet which was seperate to the bathroom - it was very small and hard to get in and out of round the door, and i'm only 5ft and slim !!!The food was very good, especially breakfast, however it would be a good idea for them to offer a childrens menu in the evening.Excellent location for ExCel and the station is just round the corner for tubes to London.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great base for Greenwich and beyone	Wanted to stay somewhere outside of Central London for a change, and having friends in the area, we plumped on Greenwich. Great decision. We booked the Novotel at their advance web rate of £89 B&amp;B. Great service throughout; room service food menu wasn't exhorbitant compared to some, but they did send one meal wrong by mistake - a straightforward mishearing error I think. I opted not to have a replacement and received a phone call apologising and confirming our account had been corrected within 5 minutes.Decor in the public areas is lovely and modern. The rooms are smallish, clean and bright with a great shower cubicle. The stand-alone bath is tiny though. There's Pay Tv, Pay Movies and Pay Internet/Wi-fi in the rooms. £20 buys you access to the lot for 24 hours.You're in between the DLR and mainline train stations with great links into the city. The Cutty Sark is about 10 mins walk, with many bars and restaurants closer still - the wine bar next door has a great wine list and tasty and good value food. It's about 15 min to the Maritime Museum and then a steep climb to the observatory.If you're after a show in London, get off the DLR at Castle Wharf - there's a TKTS office selling half-price tickets and no queues like the one in Leicester Square.	
Sep 3 2006 	great hotel	Stayed here 2nd Sep for my boyfriends 25th b-day, on 1st looks it seemed to look like every other hotel but as soon as we entered it was very stylish and modern looking which we like. Reception was a bit slow with putting everything through the comp. The restaurant looked nice and the bar looked cosy. Our room was small, the bed was low but didnt mind. Very plain looking but it was suitable for a few nights stay. If staying longer would have liked to see more colour and pics. Loved the bathroom, spacious and bright. Thought the sink was funky. It had a seperate shower and bath and the toilet was by the door. The room also had a safe and mini bar which was nice to see. The rooms are a bit pricey but we managed to get it cheap. Would definately stay again as location was next to bars and restaurants and the train station.	
Jul 20 2006 	Excellent alternative to central London	Stayed here on the hottest day of the year - it was not my choice as I needed something near Victoria but everything else full. But am I glad that happened! The hotel is a typical new-style Novotel, decent rooms, good restaurant, modern public areas. And by the way, I actually like the fact that the toilet and bathroom are separate - it's hardly a long walk from one to the other. What makes this stand out is the service which is 5* star plus. It is welcoming, attentive but not obtrusive. The staff were polite to guests and EACH OTHER, which is something you rarely see. For example the head server at breakfast made a point of thanking other staff for dealing with routine requests for tea and coffee. This style, which so often people either deliberately or ignorantly fail to achieve, has the effect of making the staff happier and they in turn give better service. Simple really. I hope it lasts.The location is good, right next to DLR and rail, but quiet. A short trip to Canary Wharf and change to Jubilee Line (the most civilised of the tube lines) for the centre. Good area, with nice pubs and quiet at night.Really recommended if you want a pleasant change from the frantic atmposphere of similar standard hotels in the centre.	
Apr 9 2006 	great location great rooms great service!	This is a great hotel with in a nice quiet part of London with convinient access to the metro. It seems that Novotel has renovated most of their hotels and they are quite nice and modern. This hotel is only about one year old and you would not think that it even falls into a 3 star category. The bathrooms are very modern and super clean. The service is great and everything seems clean. As soon as you exit the metro you can see Novotel on your left which is very good for business travelers who are possibly working in Canary Wharf. I would highly recommenend it to any who wants to be easily connected to London and wants to stay in a nice hotel. I paid about 80 GBP which is a great price for a hotel in London.	
Apr 8 2006	Excellent hotel for a family visiting London		
Apr 1 2006	Good Deal 		
Mar 12 2006 	Very nice rooms		
Feb 26 2006	Restaurant is good too!		
Feb 16 2006	Will go Again!!!		
Nov 6 2005	Fantastic! Highly recommended!		
Oct 23 2005	Couldn't fault it. Excellent staff.		
Oct 14 2005	New 3-star hotel; Novotel's "New Generation"?		
Aug 7 2005	haven in an ideal location		
Apr 6 2005	Spacious Clean Comfortable		
Apr 6 2005	Londres		
Oct 25 2009 	mes meilleur vacances		
Oct 2 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualita' prezzo		
May 7 2009 	Estupenda opción		
Jul 28 2008 	Estupendo		
Oct 7 2007 	Chambre très bien équipée bonne situation		
Sep 4 2007 	Hôtel impeccable		
Aug 31 2006	Excellente prestation		
