	Beware of this Hotel!	I was utterly disappointed with this hotel property. Though the hotel facade tells of a different story, the room that was set aside for our 2-day stay left a lot to be desired. The corridor and the room had such a musty smell that at certain times were too over-powering. The room itself had no appeal with bed and beddings reminiscent of the 1960's. The bathroom was the size of a closet with the shower stall no bigger than a bread box - it was so small that the soap holders were outside the shower stall! I've had better accommodations in third world countries! Beware of this property!	
	Total Dump - Avoid Avoid Avoid	Booked the hotel on travel supermarket and was listed as a four star hotel. It wasn't all that cheap but I wouldn't give this hotel 1 star. The carpets and furniture in the room were filthy. There were damp patches on the walls. The bathroom was like a fridge and there was barely enough room to squeeze through to the loo. Was amazed when the shower had hot water. Burnt my hand on the lamp in the bedroom which was unsafe. Travelled with my partner and was amazed to be put in a twin room. I think all rooms are twin rooms. For one night was good comedy value but all in all remembered for the wrong reasons. Having said all that location was good shame about the hotel!!!	
Oct 24 2009 	Perfectly decent for the area	In other parts of the country, you'd probably expect more from a three star hotel and about £80 for the night. Around the Paddington hotel district, with easy access to Paddington station, bus and tube to take one around town, I've paid more for less. Compared to other hotels on Norfolk Square, this one is on the right side of the square - the side where the back of the hotel doesn't get all the noise from the tube and where you're not woken up in the morning as the trains on the Circle line start running. There's delivery traffic in the square, but not too heavy; the situation is as quite as it gets here. My room was in the back of the hotel, towards an alley, and I couldn't hear any traffic at all even with the window open, let alone people. The room (twin for single occupancy, on the ground floor) was surprisingly spacious (again, given the area; other hotel rooms I've seen around the square have all been smaller), it had a proper writing desk and a small easy chair, and a good-size wardrobe. The decor, bed spreads and carpets had seen some use but were clean and tidy. (Having seen some of the reviews here before checking in, I must admit to checking for bed bugs!) The bathroom (with a tub and blissfully hot water round the clock) was small but had been vigorously cleaned. My one issue with the room was that I had been placed in a smoker's room; not a problem for me as I smoke myself, but one that could have been highly problematic for an allergic or asthmatic traveller - do ask for a non-smoking room if you need it! My expectations were as limited as my budget, but I was pleasantly surprised by this one.	
Oct 20 2009 	What a FleaPit	I was terrified to walk around in the room with my shoes off. My husband, teenage son and myself stayed in a triple room. I get the miniscule size of the room but the cleanliness issue was scary. The bathroom in particular was very unclean and the basin plug was not in working order. The noise from the open window in the bathroom was atrocious and went on most of the time. The people upstairs creaked up and down the entire night until the early hours of the morning. All three of us experienced mysterious bites. Side reading lights didn't work. The bed coverlets had badly repaired tears and smelled used. We come from a third world country, where this hotel would not even compare to a 1 star in our country. The breakfast was also mediochre to say the least, even with a 3 pound upgrade to have a full english. Apalling.	
Sep 30 2009 	Very bad 'Hotel'	I was given room 211. The view is a brick wall. The bed cover was old, with a large frayed hole. The bathroom was dirty, mildew fungi covered all the silicone covered gaps. The matress was old rickety and made 'bong' sounds sitting on the edge of the bed. My room was changed to 111, this room had a broken washing machine for a view. The bathroom had the same mildew problem. Water leaked into the bathroom through the concrete celing. The room TV, must be the smalest on the market. The 'free' internet did not work. The passages smell badly of old cigarette smoke, are very narrow with fire doors banging, disturbing your sleep. Please stay away, avoid this very bad 'hotel', it is a disgusting smelly old dump. The Norfolk Plaza is not suitable for business or tourist visits. Stay away!	
Sep 8 2009 	Ok for one night	Good hotel for short stay Location good and right next to Paddington for connections to City Centre Room was a bit small and bathroom needed cleaned or an upgrade Breakfast was great and all staff were nice and helpful	
Aug 4 2009 	Very nice hotel - try it!	I visited Norfolk Plaza Hotel July 30. - August 2. in 2009. I had read many of the reviews at TripAdvisor, and had low expectations. But I was surprised. I got rom 508. I was quite a large room, clean and nice. It had all the facilities that I needed. You had to learn how to flush the toilet, but then it worked OK. The shower had hot water all the time. The bed was a bit uncomfortable, though, but that was not a big problem. The staff was polite and helpful.	
Jul 17 2009 	bugs galore	Stayed at this hotel with my young children and my elderly parents. Booked in for one night because the train was late home for my children . Had 2 rooms of three which were sub standard but it was only for one night so we put up with it. Come the morning my daughter had a lot of blood spots on her face, after inspection we found that two of the beds were infested with bed bugs. Not only masses of eggs underneath the 4 layers of fitted sheets but also large walking ones. This hotel is disgusting and should have been closed down years ago!!	
Feb 13 2009 	well....not impressed	I booked this hotel back in late november after seeing it listed as a central location for a good price. The internet price was close to £300 but when I mailed the hotel they offered me a suite room for me, my partner and two children at £95 per night which i thought was good. After checking trip advisor I saw some really bad reviews and the same problem was in a lot f them, rooms cold and bad showering facilities so i rag the hotel to cancel and the reservation girl called Melanie was very rude, she was abrupt and kept saying hold and if I said anything she said &quot; I said HOLD madam&quot; Then she said the cancellation reference number really fast so I said can she repest it and she hung up the phone. Really bad, in a time of recession you would imagine people would go that extra mile to guarantee business but clearly not. I then went on to book the travel lodge at london bridge, basic but really well priced at £77 per night for a quad room... :)	
Feb 2 2009 	No hot water no heating	Stayed at this hotel for one night - we were in a large triple roomon the top floor which was basic but clean. Our problem was that when we arrived at 6pm our room was freezing cold when werang reception they told us the heating was due to come on....it came on after 8 and went off 2 hours later and our room nevergot warm. We went to the bar for a couple of drinks and as wewe starting our second drink at 10.30pm they just closed the barand turned the tv off without a word!! The staff were not rude butthey all had a cant be bothered attitude and were matter of fact with us. When we got up next morning at 8.45am we had no hotwater so we left straight away without staying for breakfast. The hotel was cheap we stayed in a triple room for £65.00 and it was a couple of streets from Paddington which was great and itwas clean but we all felt that no matter what the price we shouldhave got basic comforts ie heat and hot water. We would not return.	
Jan 28 2009 	Not the best	Very, very basic hotel rooms are clean but very dated, beds not the most comfortable either. You can hear the person in the room next to you and people on the corridors at night time plus if anybody is outside your window you can hear them! It is in a terrific location only a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station. If you don't plan on spending much time in the room and are looking for something cheap and central this hotel is ok.	
Jan 25 2009 	Freezing	The hotel was very close to Paddington station and St. Mary's hospital, not more than 5 minutes walk.I stayed in freezing conditions in January. Walking into my room I felt that I hadn't even gone inside , there was no heating. I turned the radiator on to find it did not come on. I was told they have the heating on for two hours, then off for two hours so it would come on from 8 to 10. It did, but it wasn't nearly enough to warm the room (considering that my radiator had been turned off all day). They had no blow heater or anything to give me. The response at reception was sort of shrug the shoulders. However, the conceirge was quite apologetic.Generally hotels dont advertise heating as a perk, because I think its kind of assumed. I could not believe the AA sign outside - giving this hotel 4 stars. I no longer have faith in the AA ratings - I guess they must have stayed in the summer. Clearly all the money they saved on heating goes to decorating the reception area which looks very nice (great!)I dont really have any other complaints (I did only stay one night). The room was basic, but clean. I'm giving one star because I think being warm enough to take your coat off and relax is a fundemental in my opinion for a 4 star hotel( or guest house). If I'd walked in and they didn't have a bed in the room, or there was no roof I'd give it one star then as well.	
Oct 25 2008 	Try elsewhere first...	My wife and I stayed at this hotel on 21 and 22 October 2008, booking the hotel online because of its great location and reasonable price.When we arrived we were pleased to see that it really was only about a 2 minute walk around the corner from Paddington Underground Station.Upon our arrival the hotel seemed nice, and had a frontage nicer than the other hotels and hostels in the Norfolk Park. Reception is nicely decorated and seems newly renovated as does the bar with the nice big plasma near the reception; that is about as much praise as I can sing for this place.The lady on reception seemed very indifferent to our being at the hotel, we given Room 104 on the first floor.The only way up/down in the hotel, is a very old lift.Our room request was for a double/twin, we received a triple.The room was old, and didn't look like it had received any TLC in at least the last 20 years. The beds were terrible, they were old spring mattresses, the pillows were more like quarter filled sandbags, and the television was a generous 20 centimeter screen.Now I have stayed at many budget hotels, however at a rate of $230 a night I expected a little more.The bathroom was basic - toilet, shower, and basin, however....Our first morning we could not get hot water for 90 minutes because the boiler was on the brink. The second morning we didn't even need to use the cold water tap because the hot water was luke warm at best.The toilet was very average, I actually got excited when I could flush everything in one attempt. We were also lucky enough to have a nicely cracked toilet seat which had been there for some time. The tiles on the bath/shower were coming off, and the shower head was very, very old.The room was also quite noisy, just beware if you have early risers above you as you can hear them walking around.We did not eat at the hotel as it was a little pricey, there are loads of little cafe's within walking distance that offer a great breakfast for between 2 and 5 pounds nearby.The concierge desk was very helpful when we checked out and happily stowed our bags for the afternoon, the man working there at least had a personality...As far as this hotel goes, it had all the basic required amenities, however it was not very nice, I would seriously consider the 30 pound hostel 100 metres from this hotel which I am sure would offer no less of a room for a fraction of the price, whilst still in the same great location.This hotel would be perfect of the owners spent a little bit of money just updating the essentials in the room, until then I would recommend elsewhere.	
Oct 24 2008 	Good location but....	I stayed here for 1 night in october 2008.The room I stayed in was the cheapest but still it cost £100 (from internett) incl. breakfast. It was not worth it. I would pay £20 (incl. breakfast), not more.The room was terrible, old furniture and bad built. It HAS to be upgraded. The elevator was old, the hallway to the rooms was narrow. Some of the tiles on the bathroom were loose. The room in all was in bad shape. The floor in the room was not in good shape. The lobby and breakfastroom was OK. From the outside the hotel looks very nice... From the site I booked this room it was a 3 star hotel! NO way!But some good things about this hotel:good breakfastthe bed was good, I slept wellgood location not far from Paddington station (train, subway)friendly staffBut I will not be back!	
Oct 10 2008 	Stay away	As some other reviewers have stated, it looks great from the outside, but wait until you get to the rooms...my friend and I went to stay a night so we could see a few shows. The location is all that's great about this hotel. Both our rooms were like walking into a dorm...I thought it might be staff accommodation, but I feel sorry for the staff is that's true. Poorly furnished and the twin beds were VERY uncomfortable - made it difficult to sleep. I don't understand how they get such a high AA rating. And the rooms were in the 'basement', sub-ground floor. The windows were not secure (not much light either)...I could find no way of closing them completely. There were latches attached, but the screws had come out and they just hung against the window preventing one of them from closing properly. The pillows were horrible, but on opening the closet, I found some new ones that were adequate.I didn't want the Ritz but for the money, I've certainly had much better. I will say the Concierge was delightful about our bags.	
Oct 10 2008 	Never again	We arrived at the hotel late after having flown from our stay in Holland. The staff were not overly helpful and the keycard to open our room didn't work which meant another trip to reception. The floors creaked, the room was old and shabby well in need of a coat of paint. The view was of other hotels rears and not at all attractive. The bathroom was not very nice and it was very difficult getting the toilet to flush at all. The beds were awful and i'm sure quite old and in need of an upgrade. The only fairly good comment i can make is that of the breakfast which was okay.	
Oct 6 2008 	Poor hotel	I have stayed at this hotel in the past in 2003, it seems to do well due to being cheap and having a good location but it really is an awful hotel. This time we had a room in the basement, twin share. My bed had a very old spring mattress and I couldn't sleep. When we used the stairs and walked upstairs the 1st floor smelt of urine (I'm a Nurse so trust me I know the smell well). And they provide smoking rooms so the floors smell like smoke as well. We stayed in the Athena Hotel one street away the week before and it was the same price and a beautiful stay.The hotel porter was helpful but the Reception staff weren't very nice and were poorly presented.I don't recommend this hotel and won't stay there again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Don't be put off!!! It's fine basic but clean and nice.	Like most I read the reviews and thought &quot;What have I let myself in for??&quot;. I am not fussy and would sleep on a park bench, but my wife and child couldn't be more different... they like their luxuries! In short if you want a cheap, clean hotel in a great area you can’t go wrong. You get a decent bathroom, TV, Tea/coffee making facilities and a clean bedroom etc…. it’s not the Hilton, but it’s on par with a Travel Lodge type hotelThe hotel is in the best possible location (200m from Paddington Station, lot’s of restaurants, plus KFC, McD’s, Burger King etc….), the reception area is very nice, the room was clean and tidy but could have done with a bit of modernizing (i.e. new bed bases or furniture), BUT the bathroom was a LOT better than i expected, very large and clean. If you are at the back of the hotel the views are of the back of other hotels, but there is no noise from traffic etc…. If you are at the front you’ll have great views of a pretty park. There were no ‘funny smells’ during our stay. The breakfast bar is nice and the food very good, and for just £3.50 you can upgrade to a full English from the continental breakfast that comes with your booking. The bar area is small but nice and all the staff are friendly, and the drinks are reasonably priced (£2.80 for a pint of Carling) for London. We booked the hotel as it seemed to be the only room left in London under £200 a night which had triple rooms left. We booked the hotel direct and got a very large discount (£95 inc Breakfast) from the advertised rate. We stayed in room 106, so I would urge you to try and book that room if you have a child as it is big and you will not be disappointed. Just remember – it is basic, but cheap and clean!!	
Jul 26 2008 	Lovely room	I had stayed at Norfolk Plaza 25 years ago, I knew it was in an excellent location and fairly (by London standards) cheap.After reading some of the reviews on your site I almost cancelled my reservation, I'm So glad I didn't, we were upgraded to a suite, which has the bedroom upstairs and a lounge room down stairs, the continental breakfast was very filling (included in price of room) I noticed some of the guests were having cooked breakfasts so I presume you can buy a cooked breakfast if you wish.Norfolk Plaza Hotel is around the corner from, Paddington station with the Heathrow express and Paddington Tube station.( they also have 2 small supermarkets in the station complex).Hyde Park is within walking distance.The staff were very friendly and I will be staying with them again.	
Jul 10 2008	Great Location Great Service	I was apprehensive from other reviews, but was pleasantly surprised! The room was small, but had a mini-bar, hair dryer, and tea pot. The room was clean and well cared for with a very firm bed. The staff was wonderful and very helpful. Breakfast in the breakfast room was reasonable by London standards. The location was excellent, just a short walk from Paddington Station, a transportation hub. There is a beautiful little park across the street from the hotel, and shopping and restaurants are abundant.The Norfolk Plaza is not a Holiday Inn Express, but Americans should not expect that in London for the rate I received, which was half of the regular room rate advertised by the hotel. I was quite happy with the Norfolk Plaza and its helpful, pleasant staff.I stay there again in a New York minute, at the price I paid!	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Location Dirty Rooms	Stayed at the hotel in June 2008. As others have noted, the location is great; about 500 meters to Paddington tube stop (Bakerloo, Circle and District lines) and a little further of a walk underground to get to the main train station where the Heathrow Express comes in. It's a busy area with lots of shops and restaurants but the hotel is on a side block with a nice park in the middle. In my opinion the hotel is 2 star not 3 star. I booked a single and was given a twin so had a bit more room than I expected. The room (502) was on the 5th (top floor) and faced the back of the building so relatively quiet at night even with the window open (I found the room to be very hot). But if you plan to sleep past 8 AM bring ear plugs because the maids literally start slamming the doors to wake people up (I found this every morning, including the weekends). The room was dirty and badly in need of updating. There were some nasty stains on the blanket and bedspread. The sheets were clean though. The bathrooms was old but cleaned well on a daily basis. The door to the room was not secure at all and would be very easy to open with a hard shoulder to the door. I was very concerned with leaving anything of value in the room but luckily I didn't have any problems. There is no safe in the room. There was also no chain or deadbolt on the inside of the door to be able to secure the door when you are in the room. I booked the room using Hotwire and paid about $100 per night. I think for that price in central London, I got what I paid for. If I had paid much more than that, it would not have been worth it.	
May 26 2008 	Great Location	I've stayed at this spot every month for the last 3 years during business trips to the UK..The location is perfect ..... right next to Paddinton station and loads of Bus routes. It's also only 20mins away from Heathrow on the express.It's a 3 star hotel, so you can't expect the Hilton, but i've always found it to be fairly clean and the staff accomodating.I'd say it is perfect for short business trips or family weekends to explore London	
Apr 10 2008	Never again	I stayed at the Norfolk Plaza Hotel in March 2008. I was going as part of a student study group and had no choice in the booking of the hotel. Before I left, I looked the hotel up on their own website, which made it look pretty nice. I then looked it up on Trip Advisor and saw all the terrible reviews. I kept thinking it couldn't possibly be that bad. But it was! Everything people said was true.Being part of a student group, they automatically put us in the basement. The room was freezing! They turn the heat off completely overnight. Beds are super old twin beds that are hard, sagging, thin, with springs pushing through. The bathroom was the worst thing I've ever encountered. (See pictures) So small. I am not exaggerating that the shower (there was no tub) is a 2ft. square stall with one soap dish. There is no way to shave your legs, as there is no room to lift your leg. There was a huge push-out window in the bathroom that wouldn't close completely so it was freezing in there all the time. If you didn't shower by 7:30 a.m. the water would be cold.Some of the students and faculty stayed in rooms on upper floors that had different bathrooms that didn't seem quite as bad. So, if for some reason you must stay here, ask for an upper floor room. Although they did have same issues with cold showers and no heat.Breakfast buffet was okay. Croissants, rolls, fruit and salad.The location in Paddington was okay. There is a small park across the street. But it wasn't close to any of the museums or markets.I had never traveled to London before, so I have nothing to compare it to. I expected small rooms but not the rest of the problems. I suggest avoiding this hotel if possible.	
Feb 25 2008 	Hotel was terrible	so very unhappy with this hotel. Would have preferred to stay in a brothel in bangladesh.we arrived at half 12 the first night absolutely exhausted and dying for a nice restful sleep in a comfy room! - *CRACKED WALLS covered in POLYFILLA!! *AWFUL decor that looked nothing like the picture I saw on their webpage(one side old 70s wallpaper, next side painted etc. horrible old carpet!)*SMELLY bathroom!unpacked our clothes - *HOLE in the wall in our wardrobe, where you could see the all the plumbing!!After that disappointment all we wanted was a good night sleep - * STAINS on our bedlinen!! (they were obviously washed but the STAIN had not come out - they still should not have been used again!)WE were so exhausted we went to sleep(with a towel covering the lovely stain!). Got up for a shower next morning - *COLD SHOWER!!!!!We were upgraded to a suite. Which was still a kip, but atleast the shower was hot and the sheets were cleanWould not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 2 2008 	Disgusting filthy Hotel	Received a Christmas present of a London show with 4 star hotel accomodation in London (Bought from boots). Booked the show and was given accomodation at this hotel with the package. I booked an extra night at £73.50. When you arrive at the hotel you think it looks very nice from outside, and when you enter the building it looks great. BEWARE - you havent got to the bedrooms yet.Walked into the bedroom, and the first thing I noticed was the holes in the unwashed net curtains. I went to the bathroom - oh my god - filthy to say the least, the bottom of the toilet bowl was black. the grouting in the tiles was black. There was growth of some form of fungus on the window, and the bath was filthy. When i got into the bed (and i wish i hadn't) the pillowcash had holes in it, and was badly stained, the remainder of the bed linen was also disgusting. The room looked like it was last decorated just before the war - the first world war. AA have awarded this hotel 4 stars - The person who did this must have been blind and had no sence of smell. (OH DID I TELL YOU THIS PLACE SMELLS AS WELL). There is a kettle in the room, put clean water in and get dirty water out....DO NOT expect anything better than a 1 star slum if you are going to this hotel. You will get better accomodation at the YMCA.When I made my complaint at reception, the receptionist then began not to understand the English Language and all she could say is sorry. SORRY???, they have the room rates up at £135 for a twin room per night. I THINK THAT IS WHAT THEY SHOULD PAY YOU TO STAY THERE......By the way, did I tell you that I hated my stay there?I hove arrived back home safe, however lots of bites all over my body. Well SOMETHING enjoyed me staying there......	
Nov 13 2007 	perhaps lucky this time	I have stayed here before and had a very small room, this time I had a nice large twin room, quiet location and good cost £71. The only complaint I could have was that the kettle didn't work and the room information was very out of date. But for a quiet convenient, reasonable priced place to stay, I would recommend it.	
Nov 2 2007 	Basic but comfortable	Basic hotel - no frills. Room scruffy but clean.Problems were - shower switch didn't work properly; lighting was very poor (dingy room); pillows terrible - take your own. Buffet breakfast extremely limited choice - no fresh fruit.Good things were - staff very helpful; lift (essential) ; place looked clean.Bags stored safely for you after check-out, not just left in a corner.Excellent location - easy walk with cases from Paddington station, easy access underground and buses, central location, away from busy road so no traffic noise.Expensive hotel for the state of the rooms and the breakfast, but had several advantages worth paying the extra for.	
Oct 13 2007 	Hotwire did good!	The Norfolk Plaza isn't posh, and I lucked out with an upgrade to a double. But at $100 per night plus tax from Hotwire, I could have done a lot worse. The location is superb--spitting distance from Paddington Station, arguably the most serviceable of all the major London rail hubs.	
Sep 6 2007 	Motel 6 is BETTER!!!	Don't believe what you see on their website!!! It's all a lie! Sure, the lobby looks impressive and it has a posh name &quot;Plaza Hotel&quot;. But believe me, it doesn't even come close! First of all, my reservation was booked for 1 but there were 2 of us checking in. They increased the rate because of the additional bed. Fine, I paid. Once I got up to my floor, the hallway was extremely narrow, all the doors were made of cheap partical board and the floors creaked as if ready to collapse. Then we opened the door. It was the most disgusting place I have ever seen! The room was old and musty and the drapes and bedspreads were faded and stained. There were 3 twin beds (yes 3 beds regardless if I was checking in as 1, 2 or 3...my original room didn't changed when they realized there were 2 of us), they had caved in mattresses, and to top it off, there was a 12 inch TV mounted on the wall. Not to mention, there was no sort of high speed internet connection.I literally feared for my life. There is no way I could have slept in this room. No, i'm not a hotel snob, but there are limits. I would have laid in bed wide awake the enitre night thinking there were bugs crawling all over me. The room was so filthy! Can you believe they even advertise a suite? Also, the hotel had a safe (not even free unlike all the other London hotels i've stayed in) for our valuables but i'm sure it was not large enough to hold all our belongings and luggage as well as ourselves.Fortunately, I found another much better hotel for only an additional 15 GBP (after I loss half of my room rate for the night...but worth it) and ran out of the Plaza as fast as I could!	
Aug 30 2007	What a difference!	We recently visited London. Our first hotel was a mistake, but fortunately, this hotel was not. It was quiet, clean and extremely comfortable. Everything about this hotel, from the staff to the amenities offered were first rate. I will recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London and needing a quiet, clean, reasonable hotel.	
Jul 25 2007	What's with everyone else?	I'm not sure what everyone else is talking about! I stayed at the Norfolk Plaza for over a week and was completely satisfied with the cleanliness of the room and the kindness of the staff (they even opened the bar for us). To top this all off, excellent location, a block from the major tube stop of Paddington. Given how expensive EVERYTHING in London is, save some money by staying here and splurging to see a show. How often should one be in a hotel room during a vacation anyway?	
Jul 11 2007 	Simply a hot humid dump!	I traveled with a group of students to this hotel and was incredibly underwhelmed by most aspects of the property. To be fair, let me start with a few redeeming qualities that warrant kudos:-Location is fine, near Hyde Park and across the street from a quaint city park that's very tiny.-Included breakfast was the highlight of the hotel. Very pleasant selection of items and seemed relatively clean.-Tiny, but serviceable bar in the lobby that featured a friendly bartender pouring some local brews.Among the MANY negatives of this hotel:-Rooms looked out onto dirty walls of adjoining buildings. Windows barely cracked open to let air in, and NO AIR CONDITIONING IN SUMMER!!!!!-Only ventilation was a tiny fan in the room, and rooms smelled very musty and old.-Bedding wasn't clean. Spots on all blankets and sheets, floor coverings not kept clean.-Noise in hallways leaks through paper thin walls.-One very tiny elevator services entire hotel.-Bathrooms are truly so small that you can barely turn around in them. With some effort I think it'd be possible to use the toilet, shower and sink all at the SAME TIME!! You can't sit in tubs if you're over 5'7&quot;.-Front desk staff barely knew what a wake-up call was when I asked for one. No clock in room!-TV was very tiny and got I believe 3 channels.While I still very much enjoyed my trip and wouldn't trade the memories, I'd gladly trade the sleepless and sweaty nights I spent at the Norfolk Plaza. Off the topic, a nearby restaurant recommendation is a pasta place called &quot;Ask&quot;. Good food and atmosphere, and not terribly priced. Got to this restaurant, then get a cab to a different hotel!	
Jul 11 2007 	Bad staff	I got stranded in London, did a late booking over the internet, and arrived about midnight. Was then kept waiting, told that there might be a problem with my booking, ie no rooms, then was kept waiting more as the guy started dealing with someone else who had arrived after me - not a quick simple query, but something turning into a lengthy conversation. When I got irritated and asked him to finish dealing with me first, he told me he was doing me a favour trying to get me a room (which had been properly booked, credit card etc) and went on to say that he could instead just rip up my registration card.At which point I left.I probably didn't behave perfectly, but certainly wasn't aggressive.	
Feb 5 2007	Don't even bother.	There is nothing good to say about this place. The entrance may look fairly ok, but beyond that it just keeps getting worse. The room we had was appalling - grubby looking, stained and torn bedding, the mattresses were so old that the lumpyness of the springs and the huge dent in the middle were plain to see without pulling the covers back. Carpets are worn and dirty. The shower is pathetic, and the bathroom floor was just cracked tiles which felt horrible to stand on, like somebody had chipped the grouting out. The room and bathroom (toilet, sink, bath) were just generally grubby too, and the shower curtain could well have done with being replaced. The place just felt dirty and smelt weird. After asking to change rooms, we were afforded one without ripped bed covers and a completely wrecked matress, plus the fact that there was light coming into the window and not some noisy generator outside it gave a slightly brighter feel. All the other faults remained however. The floors in this place creak like anything and there seemed to be endless door-slamming and noise coming from elsewhere. Also, after a short shower one night there was very little hot water left in our room. Unless you're desperate, there is no justification for recommending this hotel.	
Jan 31 2007 	They froze us!	We stayed for two nights at the Norfolk Plaza Hotel and I can honestly say I have never had such a poor experience in any hotel around the world.The first impression on entering the hotel is that it reeks of cigarette smoke. The bar is adjacent to the lobby and, as smoking is freely permitted in the bar, it permeates the entire area. Unfortunately, our room was on the ground floor, so the lingering smell made its way to our room also.When we checked in around 2pm, there was no heat in the room. We were told that it was on a timer and wouldn't be on for another couple of hours. There was a howling draft coming through a gap between the window frame and the ledge (also a safety issue in a ground floor room) and we finally complained loudly enough that they turned the heat on. On returning from dinner around 9:30pm, the heat was again off. That night it snowed. When we woke up in the morning - you guessed it - no heat. When my Mother went to take a shower - no hot water. The heat never did come on before we left around 9:30am for the day. We complained to the receptionist who told us she would get someone in to look at the window! When we returned that afternoon, the room had not been made up and again, no heat. I showered that afternoon in hot water, but the next morning there was again no heat and no hot water. Oh and, of course, no complimentary amenities in the bathroom.We complained at check out, but no apologies were given whatsoever. We received a good rate for a hotel in London, but if their way of compensating for offering discounts is to keep the guest in a freezing cold room, I hardly call that Hospitality - or value for money.I strongly advise anyone considering staying in this hotel - think again.	
Jan 20 2007 	Wouldn't go back	The good: - only a couple blocks from Paddington Station, which is the endpoint for the Heathrow Express. That means you can be at this hotel 45 minutes after landing (if BA doesn't lose your bags, as they did mine). Good neighborhood, easy to get anywhere else.- my room was very large: a 2 floor suite, in fact, for the price of the double.- plenty of hot water in the shower- if I sat in one corner of the room I could log onto free-hotspot.com which operates free wifi in the neighborhoodThe bad:- staff lazy and barely competent- walls and ceiling paper thin: I heard guest clomping around above me all night, and the man in the room next door snoring.- furniture the cheapest possible kind, and pretty beat up. Spilled drink stains on the chairs.- hotel suggests you pay them for wireless access, available only in the lobby, when the lobby gets GREAT reception for free-hotspot.com (which, obviously, is free).	
Nov 10 2006 	Horrible and dirty	AVOID! This place is horrible, dirty, no hot water for shower. We stayed in room B-2 in the basement, and the bedclothes were dirty and stained, mattresses are barely usable, have no padding and can feel all metal parts. The shower had BLACK grout lines from mold. My travel companion had a cold shower and I was afraid to attempt it, so we left totally disgusted and I was dirty! I was so surprised and shocked because the front steps/sign look very nice!!!!!! I agree with previous reviewer that this place is a scam!!!!!!	
Jul 19 2006	Dirty noisy dump with fancy facade	I have serious complaints about the hotel room we rented. Me, my wife and our one-year-old son came there the 15th of July and we had to change hotel the day after. If we weren't so tired we would have changed directly, when we saw and smelled the dirty room with the terrible view. But after one night laying awake, listening to TV-noise, people walking back and forth over our heads all night, run, slam doors and scream in the corridor or doing what they had to do in their toilettes, we had enogh. Also couldn't stand the uncomfortable place without aircondition. A four-star hotel should have at least a simple one. The polish woman at the desk got angry when I two times friendly asked to borrow an electric fan. The air stood totally still, no ventilation at all; we couldn't sleep whole night. Lost appetite totally for breakfast so we changed early next morning.Their business is a fraud. Trying to keep up appearances outside with a fancy entrée and lounge you are very, very dishonest, the rooms are totally awful. The room we lived in is also a death trap for small children. No.215 has a window with only one hook you can not lock, a half meter from the floor. Hidden behind a curtain. If I hadn't checked the window at first, my son could quickly had climbed up, curiously opened the window and fallen to death ten meters down to the dirty backyard. When I complained, two guys came up and tried to fix it with a stick! Instead of putting a lock to the window. The electric connections in the closet are at least 40 years old and have rusty connections. The furniture is from the early seventies, dirty and worn out. The 20-years old &quot;satellite TV&quot; I had to fix myself when I came so it worked. Anyway, of five channels two of them were German and Arabic. The toilet didn't flush properly, the bathtub worn out, the washbowl was cracked. When I closed the door to the bathroom, three plates fell down from the outside of the tub and crashed on the floor. The bathroom smelled mould. The carpet had big stains, and smelled dirty, the baby couldn't crawl on them. The truth is a crappy, worn out, broken dump with dirty textiles of nylon.	
Apr 19 2006	old fashioned hotel	We wanted a reasonably priced ,comfortable hotel in the centre of London I found this on the internet and although dubious about the price we went ahead and booked. We were not disappointed. The cost for 1 night for the 2 of us was £70 including breakfast, aabsolute bargain in that part of London. The hotel is in a quiet square 3min from Paddington station.We were given a suite overlooking a square, the room was comfortable, clean, staff helpful. THe continental breakfast was adequate and there was a good choice. The only drawback were the creaky floorboards which could have woken the dead! If you just want a place for a couple of nights while you see a show this hotel makes a good base.	
Feb 3 2006	Better than expected	Having seen the poor recent reviews - I could not disagree more. The staff are a little aloof, but I expected that. We paid £135 for three nights Wednesday to Saturday. Daily rate is £120, booked via ebookers. Fantastic value for money. It was clean with reasonable food. It is one minutes walk from Paddington is a quiet square, with no traffic noise. Nice bar.Thumbs up from here.	
Jan 30 2006 	Bad rooms and staff	The staff is not friendly at all, I dont recommend an hour for a visit and looking at it.The dirts are everywhere, room is untidy, the view is on a shared garbage of the neighbors. As a result, the smell of the room is bad.I couldnt stay in the room for an hour, so I changed my hotel and paid a night charge :)I couldnt move my bage from the elevator to my room, becouse the ward was tinny.	
Oct 26 2005 	Massively overcharged	I stayed one night at the Norfolk Plaza during a Heathrow layover and have no complaints about the hotel itself. The rooms are small but tidy enough, it's a two-minute walk from the Heathrow Express at Paddington, and the rate was totally reasonable.My complaint is with the brazen dishonesty of the information booklet in the room, which seemed to indicate that a long-distance phone call to Canada would cost about 60p to a pound per minute. As I was only making one short call and it was a Sunday evening, I went ahead, figuring it was worth even 15 pounds to not have to go looking for a calling card in my jetlagged state. I made an 18-minute call. When I checked out the next morning, I was presented with a bill for 32.50 - a total not too much less than the cost of the room itself.I later spoke with the hotel manager, who declined to reduce the charge and argued that the sample tolls listed in the booklet were only &quot;approximate.&quot; Given that I was calling at one of the least expensive times of the week, I can only assume that the manger took the term to mean &quot;approximately half the lowest toll you can possibly expect.&quot;In short, not a bad hotel, if you don't mind the manager's apparent comfort with leaving deliberately misleading information in the rooms. And by no means make a phone call from your room under any circumstances. If the building's on fire, fashion a megaphone from your dishonest in-room info booklet and call for help out the window.	
Oct 14 2005	Horrible!!	I booked this hotel for one night, at the last minute...the lobby was nice.. but the room was another story..I agree with the previous post SCARY!! The lady at the reception was not friendly at all.. the toliet didn't flush...the tv remote didn't work...I slept in my jeans as I wasn't sure how clean the bed was..The location was convenient and there was a fish and chip shop 2 minutes away...but I would not stay there again...horrible!!!!! Pay a little more and get something decent!!!	
Aug 26 2005	Avoid This Hotel	I stayed in this hotel last year and I was surfing the net and wanted to see if this hotel was still around), what a negative experience. The staff were rude, the toilet wouldn't flush, the window was broken and refused to close, I had personal belongings stolen by hotel staff, and the view was awful, a construction site. Went for the breakfast once and that was it, it was to McD's for breakfast for the rest of our vacation. The lobby is bright and attractive, however, the rooms are another story, scary is an appropriate word to use.	
Aug 14 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	I stayed here for 2 nights, and I must say, that I found it to be not only convenient to transportation buses and underground and heathrow express, but I also found it more spacious then I expected. It was clean,and bed was comfortable, the TV had good reception and adequate channels. I found the reception desk very helpful and the only complaint I have was had to pay for breakfast and it wasn't that great. But I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it. Especially if you need the heathrow express.	
Jul 10 2005	nice hotelneed more staff!	We stayed here as we were attending Live 8 in hyde park. Location is great, 2 minutes walk from the heathrow express and the same to Hyde Park. Room was very clean and a fair size.We were pleasantly surprised !Only drawback I would say was the fact that they had no dedicated bar person. The guy who checked us in was also in charge of the bar which left us waiting for drinks whilst people checked in. He also decided not to open the bar on the Saturday night which was a bit of a disappointment as we were looking forward to a wee nightcap after the concert. He told us he was too busy and didn't have the staff to enable him to open the bar. If there were more staff here then I would definitely stay here again.	
May 8 2005	Lovely hotel	We stayed for two nights in a triple room which was spacious, clean and very comfortable. We found the staff to be very helpful and courteous.The hotel was situated in a delightful tree lined square very convenient for Paddington Station and also a fifteen minute walk up Edgware Road to Marble Arch/Oxford Street. The breakfast room was very pleasant and the staff attentive. There was a good choice in the continental breakfast selection and the full english breakfast was very good.We would definitely stay in this hotel next time we come to London for a short break.	
Apr 28 2005	Excellent Hotel	We spent 4 nights at this hotel between our trip to South Africa and our return to Toronto. Our room was basic but very clean. We had a bright twin room on the first floor which was non smoking, overlooking a little park. The TV had numerous channels, there was also a Tea and coffee maker. The toilet although small had a very good shower and bath. The Continental breakfast was most satisfying with a choice of cereal, yogurt, cheese, meat, rolls and a pot of tea or coffee. This could be upgraded to a full English breakfast for a couple of pounds.The hotel was within easy reach of Paddington Station. We actually walked all the way to Trafalgar Square , Oxford Circus and along the Mall to Buckingham Palace. The staff were very helpful and gave us a map where they marked all the places that we wanted to visit. There were many good restaurants and shops within a few minutes of the hotel. We loved the Fish and Chip shop at the end of the road.Beware of Discount Theatre Ticket sellers. Make sure that you know the actual price of the ticket and their commission . We paid 90 pounds for 2 tickets which were only worth 20 pounds each.	
Mar 19 2005	Great for the money!!	I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Norfolk Plaza and was very pleased with what I got for my money. I was booked into a single room, but put into a twin room (had prepaid with expedia). The room and bathroom (tub with shower) were larger than I expected. It was not fancy, but clean and comfortable.I didn't think the breakfast was worth the price, but I was only getting the buffet and don't eat meat. The only internet access was dial-up and it was very slow dial-up. That said, for the price it was a great place to stay and I would definitely stay there again. It's a great location for both places to eat and Paddington Station.	
Mar 5 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	We chose the Norfulk Plaza because it had the best reviews of the hotels offered by the tour company we were using.. We chose it with fear and trembling because it had mixed reviews and we had no experience with Eurpoean hotels but had not heard great things. We were pleasantly surprised. We were please with our accommodation, a front room on 2nd floor. The room was clean, we had plenty of towels and hot water. The room would get a little warm occasionally but the windows opened so there was no problem. We had closet space, a small desk and chest and 2 chairs. The bath was small but not uncomfortably so and had a tub/shower combination. The location was very handy to Paddington Station. We had the &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; which was rolls with butter and jelly, ceral, juice and coffee or tea. We did find it interesting that our only problem was communication. We are English speaking only and I don't believe that English was the first language for anyone working in the hotel. Every employee was always polite and courteous; we just had trouble understanding and being understood when we had questions.I rated the hotel 3 because it was average in comparison to similar accommodations in America. I would stay there again and I would recommend it.	
Mar 1 2005	Terrible!	This hotel is just terrible if you get a room in the basement. This is our worst stay in a hotel ever. The room was cold with a wet and unpleasant air. I must say that I have experienced more comfort in a tent in - 10 degrees Celsius then this room. In addition, we only got a useless and a dirty blanket.When we turned on the radiator the temp was ok but the bathroom was still very cold. However, the next morning the room was extremely cold again. When I informed the staff that the radiator didn’t work anymore they told me that the heating system had a timer. I explained that it was too cold in the room without the heating on and ask them not to turn it off. The next night they kept the heating system on for a bit longer time but turned it off again during the night. Although the lobby was great and the hotel looked ok besides of the rooms in the basement. The breakfast was also ok.The location is great!	
Feb 25 2005	Good Location	I stayed here one night for a Business Trip on 23 Feb 05.It has a great location for the Heathrow express at Paddington and thats why i chose it.It is a bog standard 3 star hotel, it aint the Hilton and it aint a Hostel. The reception and downstiars bar are misleading as they are modern, bright and pleasent. The rest of the Hotel is tired, a little rickety and not as pleasent. My room was clean and comfortable, mini bar and TV, trouser press all excellent, small bathroom a down side.Overall this Hotel will be acceptable or not depending on the price. I think any more than £75 per night is too much for what you get. Staff, breakfast and location spot on, if you want trendy decor and bright modern living then dont book a room, sleep in the reception or bar area!	
Feb 24 2005	Avoid if you can; enjoy if you can't	We stayed in this hotel for five nights 1/19-1/24/2005 in two different rooms. The first room, , a double, booked through Expedia, was on the top floor and very small -- but clean. It had no view and was rather claustrophobic.Due to a change in our travel plans, we needed to stay for another three nights in London. We looked to alternative hotels in the area and elsewhere -- but decided to stay in the same hotel. Booking directly with the hotel, we were offered a better room on a slightly higher rate which included breakfast. The room and breakfast was acceptable.Hence the first recommendation: If you decide to stay in this hotel, book directly and ask for a better room.More generally, having stayed and inspected different hotels in London over the last quarter century, I should say that it is very difficult to get a good-sized hotel room in London at a reasonable price.Upon my return, I noted that it is possible to get rooms in better hotels for the same price through priceline.In conclusion, due to its location near Paddington, friendly staff and clean rooms, this is an acceptable choice for budget travellers to London.	
Jan 21 2005	Dissapointing room	Stayed for one night due to its good reviews and budget price (60 quid for the night). Arrived at 13:30 (which is only 30 mins before correct check in time) and was told to wait for 30 mins before the room was ready. The hall entrance looks very nice but the room we got was far from it, very small, not great furniture and very basic. Not bad location, but the entrance hall is certainly more impressive than the rest of the place!!	
Nov 16 2004	Great price/location combo!!!	My wife and I just returned from a 2-week trip to Europe where we spent time visiting London, Paris and Rome. While in London we stayed at the Norfolk Plaza, and I have to say that we were very pleased with the accomodations. We paid approx. $120 a night (before taxes) for the stay, so obviously we weren't expecting a 5 star hotel. The front desk attendants and staff were all very pleasant to work with and the room was very decent and clean. It was close to Paddington Station, and there are lots of restaurants and shops in the general area to visit. What do you get @ the Norfolk Plaza - great location, somewhat small but very decent room, 13&quot; television, nice and clean bathroom, and there are non-smoking rooms available.What don't you get @ the Norfolk Plaza - 5 star accomodations, a great view from your room (we had no view).	
Sep 28 2004	Norfolk Plaza - great location	This hotel met our needs very well. My husband, nine-year old daughter, and myself were booked in a clean, non-smoking triple room. The hotel is 2 blocks from Paddington Station, which made going anywhere in London simple. Hyde Park was a few blocks walk and there were modest restaurants, bakeries and grocers within a block.Our room had no view, but those facing the street get a beautiful view of the square. We never used the dining room, so I cannot vouch for breakfast, but the place was clean, with working plumbing and electric, and fresh linens daily. I would recommend this hotel, and would stay here again.One cautionary note...the fire alarm went off a couple of times the first night/day. We later realized that this was because someone down the hall was smoking on the floor - despite it being posted as Non-Smoking. A complaint to the front desk got rid of the problem.	
Sep 17 2004	Great Find!	After cycling in Holland for week and living on barge, the Norfolk Plaza Hotel was a welcomed surprise. Located just a few blocks from Paddington, it was convenient and very quiet. It's on a small tree lined street and there are some excellent restaurants in the area. The small bar was a nice place to relax at the end of the day. The staff was pleasant and the room was clean and comfortable. I got a rate on the Internet for $80 per night and considering some of the dives I have stayed at for over $100, I couldn't believe my luck. I would highly recommend this property.	
Aug 16 2004	Get what you pay for	Stayed here for weekend in August 2004, booked last minute. The rate on their Website and on many of the &quot;book your hotels&quot; website was £70 per night excl breakfast. As their site had no secure boooking form I rang them and persuaded them to give me a double room with breakfast for £55 ! It's right beside Paddington but far enough away from the noise, room was OK, clean but the mini bar didn't work, all drinks very warm. Bathroom was clean with plenty of towels. It was damn hot and there was a large fan in my room when I arrived, which did help me sleep. Window wouldn't open though. All round, for £55 and location it was quite good. (Didn't have breakfast as it was only a buffet, went out instead !). Yes I'd stay here again if I got the same rate or may be upto £20 more.	
Aug 4 2004	It's OK		
Jun 14 2004	Not fancy but great location		
Jun 6 2004	life saver		
May 4 2004	It's worth considering...........		
Feb 22 2004	Norfolk Plaza Just Fine!		
Dec 8 2003	Really not bad for the money...		
Oct 21 2003	A Big No to the Norfolk		
Sep 28 2003	Spartan but conveniently located		
Sep 10 2003	You get what you pay for		
Feb 22 2002	Needs Improvement		
Oct 1 2009 	Muy bien comunicado la moqueta lo peor		
Jun 10 2009 	ok		
Mar 1 2009 	Peu conseillé		
Jul 1 2008 	Hotel desastroso		
Apr 4 2008 	hotel comodo ed economico		
Dec 12 2007 	viva la moqutte		
