Oct 24 2009	Indifferent Staff - Dont bother	Had read really good reviews about this hotel so decided it was worth a try. Booked a twin room for one night and asked for a nice view, did not get this. In fact the view was horrible. Cannot complain about the room it was clean and comfortable but could hear a buzzing noise all night which must have been some sort of hotel machinery. Also the corridors had that horrible hotel smell, hard to describe what it is.The worst thing was the attitiude of the staff at breakfast. There was not much hot food on the buffet, we had to ask for this and only small quantaties were cooked at a time even though the hotel was very busy. We were not offered hot drinks, the staff were just intent on clearing up and did not ask us once if we needed anything. We had to ask twice for tea and the staff seemed to be trying to avoid us. When we went to get toast they cleared all out things away! All in all quite a stressful experience.Although the hotel was a good price it is quite a way out of London and not really worth the effort of getting there. We were very disappointed with the stay and would not stay there again. We certainly expected better from a Holiday Inn.	
Oct 12 2009 	Top Notch Hotel	This is a fine hotel. It's bright, modern, clean and very professionally run. The staff here were very helpful in responding quickly to maintenance issue and lending me a plug adapter. Although I booked via Hotwire, my request for a quiet room was honored and I was treated very well throughout my stay. The room had a digital safe, comfortable bed, nice bathroom with great shower and a handy refrigerator that was once intended as a minibar. In four days, I never heard noise from planes landing at Heathrow from inside my room. Outdoors, a plane occasionally passed overhead but at a sufficient altitude that the noise was barely noticeable. Had I not read comments in the reviews, I would not have even noticed that Heathrow traffic passed overhead. Internet access, as in most of Europe is not entirely free. However, the front desk will provide a free one hour voucher usable (in principle) for wifi access in the lobby. I discovered the voucher (password) worked in the room as well both for wifi and wired access, both of which are very speedy. You can also buy vouchers for 1,4 or 8 hours and all voucher, including the free one, are good for 72 hours so you can log on and off and only pay for time actually used. For 7GPB I purchased a 4 hour voucher and didn't even use up all the time during my stay. Most hotels sell you time that must be used continuously, so the scheme here is a refreshing change. Getting to central London is very easy but NOT very fast. The E2 and E8 buses stop right outside the door with very frequent service to Northfields and Boston Manor respectively, both on the Piccadilly Line. Figure a good hour or more to the West End. Both buses continue to Ealing Broadway where you can find a Tiger Shop in the shopping centre. On the main road near the hotel, bus 267 goes to Hammersmith Bus Station where you can catch the tube or the 9 or 10 bus into town. It's a good 1.5 hours by bus (except late nights) due to the horrible traffic, especially around Chiswick. The 237 goes to White City and stops in front of the Shepherd's Bush station on the Central Line. Again traffic through Chiswick slows down your journey substantially. If you catch either the 237 or 267 you can change for the 27 at Turnham Green Church and go through High St. Kensington and Notting Hill Gate all the way to Camden Town, assuming you have some time to spare! Throughout the night, the N9 runs from Trafalgar Square to Heathrow in both directions stopping at the Hotel on the main road. A good bet if you're a night owl or catching a very early flight from Heathrow before the Tube starts up. The area around the hotel is fine and a peaceful respite from the hubbub of central London. Along the high street there's a Cost Cutter local supermarket and a new huge Morrison's two block farther east. Then there are the usual neighborhood businesses, pubs, etc. Nothing special but nothing to avoid. The canal itself is far from picturesque and the gentrification of the area appears stalled due to the recession. But after a couple of days you'll feel at home in Brentford. And nearby the famous Kew Gardens are always worth a visit. So, in summary, if you're a seasoned London Transport user and willing to spend the extra time necessary to commute into town, this hotel is a top choice. If you prefer to be closer to the action, and willing to pay two to three times more (or rough it in a youth hostel), this hotel is definitely not for you.	
Oct 1 2009 	Well worth a visit	This is a very well presented hotel. It is the main street of Brentford, roughly equidistant from London and Heathrow Airport, and directly under the flightpath for the airport, so m such so that, on a hot evening, we sat with the window open and thought an airliner would fly in right through the window, every 90 seconds. However, flights stop about 10 pm, so the night is relatively peaceful.The hotel is situated in a mixed area. The front looks over the Brentford Locks and that side is smart and quite chic. The Georgian market square of Brentford (The Butts) is just over the lock. On the other side is an industrial slum and abandoned railway line, so ask for a room overlooking the locks.We stayed there as it is very convenient for Syon House and Park, five minutes' walk away, and the interesting area of Brentford Dock, approached by the canal towpath. It wouldn't be so good for getting into Central London. Buses to Ealing Broadway and Gunnersbury undergrounds stop very close by.The 4-year old hotel is ugly outside but interiors are stylish and very well kept indeed; not a speck of dust or shred of litter anywhere. Food very good, both breakfast and dinner, though portions of vegetables were a bit mean. Staff obliging and pleasant.There was an annoying rumbling noise from some plant or other in the night.But altogether a well managed and recommended hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good Value Stay	Stayed here last Friday with friends. We were going to a Coldplay concert at Wembley and this hotel couldn't be beaten on price.Although it is a bit out of the way and the nearest tube isn't within walking distance, I would recommend this hotel if you are going to an event at Wembley or want to keep the costs down whilst staying in London.The hotel was very clean and the staff were both friendly and professional.We stayed for £78 per room per night including breakfast, which we felt was excellent value for money. There is also secure underground parking for £10 per night.The hotel recommended a local Taxi company Boston Manor Cars, who took the four of us to Bond Street for £28 on Friday afternoon and picked us up from Wembley Stadium at Midnight and took us back to the hotel for £30. Would definitely recommend them also.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Meal nice hotel	Part way through stay but no hesitation in recomending. Interesting location in a reasonably new canal front development on the edge of Brentford. Restaurant very nice, good Indian food in a varied English/Mediteranean/Asian menu that will suit all tastes... not your usual boring hotel fayre. Bar has free internet which is good.Normally do not stay here but purely as it is normally around the £100 mark which our clients will not pay. Today I got a good rate especially as they upgraded me to an exec room that has a balcony... well a huge communal roof terrace but lovely all the same	
Aug 26 2009 	Terrible Sound proofing in Exec Rooms	I was happy to give this HI a glowing review earlier in the year. I also persuaded my extended family to visit in May 09 (I booked 4 x Executive rooms - a special treat for them I thought - how wrong was I!). My complaint is that the hotel has a large function room on the ground floor and the one floor of Executive rooms are been placed on the floor above. We stayed on a Saturday night and a large wedding reception was taking. Directly underneath our rooms was the disco which went on until 1am. The vibration was so bad that even with ear plugs (always carry them), it was impossible to go to sleep. All our party suffered from the noise (so bad I could easily recognise the words of the songs!). I called down at midnight asking if the reception could intevene but they confirmed the 1am finish. Clearly no-one wanted to upset the wedding party. Absolute nightmare. The next morning we were all fed up and complained but the receptionists were not interested. Another guest heard us and came up to us to say that she had been in a standard room and the guests were running riot up on her floor so she couldn't sleep either. Of course, I wrote a complaint letter to the hotel - no reply. I also complained to HI head office - no reply. So moral of the story - check if there is a wedding (or event) taking place and if there is then find another hotel. And don't expect any customer service if you do have a problem.	
Aug 25 2009 	Suprise find in Brentford	I had memories of Brentford from 10 years ago, and was suprised to find the area around the hotel was on the up, with several chain hotels, and a new Hilton being built.The hotel was bright and clean, and we had a large room overlooking the canal. It was good to be able to open the window, even though the air conditioning worked well.Location wise buses went to Kew and Twickenham very regularly. There was a Prezzo restaurant 2 minutes walk away across the lock, with airy canalside tablesWe ate dinner in the hotel one night - good, but portions a little too big. Breakfast was busy, but staff were very efficient clearing, so there were adequate tables. Some of the food, such as bacon, was a little cold.The hotel was quiet at night, even though there was a wedding, and the bed was very comfy so I had a good night's sleep.We chose the hotel as we were going to watch BHA play Brentford, and the ground is a short bus ride, or 30 mins walk away.	
Aug 19 2009 	A bit out of the way but nice on the Lock	Accessible by Tube and bus. A little out of the way if your prime focus is London only. Location on the Lock was lovely, though. Take a stroll and have a look at the narrow boats and the white swan family with the beautiful, clumsy black cygnet. Close to a grocery store and a convenience store where you can update your travel cards. Rooms were fine. Ask for one over looking the lock rather than the street - very uninspiring.	
Jun 17 2009 	Friendly comfortable new hotel convenient to Heathrow	As I seemed to be having trouble getting to Reception form the carpark into the hotel one of the friendly reception staff came down to the carpark to render assistance. The staff were consistently helpful and pleasant during our one night stay.I chose this hotel for its proximity to Heathrow. We had a 9:30 am flight and reached Hertz at Heathrow in around 20 minutes during London morning peak hour. The hotel is also conveniently located near buses and trains to Central London and the tariff is substantially less than hotels in Central London. Its proximity to The National Archives should appeal to genealogists using this facility.Our balcony room on the top floor was spacious and comfortable. From our huge balcony we had views over the Brentford Lock with its colourfully painted canal barges moored along the banks. I was thrilled that the hotel offered free wireless internet access although one had to use it in the lobby. While using the internet my husband and I ordered dinner from the modern smokefree bar. Our casual meal was well presented and tasty. The restaurant in this hotel has a good position on the edge of the canal.The hotel is in a formerly depressed area that appears to be undergoing redevelopment, next to the hotel are some rather smart new blocks of canalside flats. I imagine that in the future this area will become quite trendy.We have been visiting London regularly from Australia since 1983 staying in 3 and 4 star hotels This is by far the best in which we have stayed. Our loathing of London lodgings disappeared during our stay here.	
Jun 2 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more	Couldn't really have asked for more from this hotel. The rooms were lovely and super-clean and the staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful	
May 31 2009 	A TOP HOTEL FROM THE HOLIDAY INN FRANCHISE	A Favourite Holiday Inn of mine. This is a well maintained hotel, the staff are excellent, the rooms are clean and tidy and the executive rooms have nice views over Brentford Lock.The restaurant is excellent specialising in asian food, Friday Night is Curry night which is a geat value, great tasting, help yourself buffet.. I always enjoy my visits to this hotel and look forward to coming back again soon.	
May 5 2009 	Very stylish	This is a new hotel, located just off Brentford High Street, on the waterside of a canal complex, surrounded by new developments. Very convenient for Kew Gardens and the Thames and Richmond, this a new stylish Holiday Inn, with pleasant rooms and public facilities. The room was very comfortable, the breakfast buffet was good (self service) and there was Car Parking under the hotel, though I thought the £10 charge for residents overnight parking was high. The public rooms were convenient and spacious.	
May 4 2009 	Loved the Room.	The Hotel has a Lot ofm peace. No Noise &amp; air pollution. The Bar is good. The Food is simple &amp; tasty. The Room is great for a Family stay to enjoy a peaceful weekend.It has a nice Water Lake in front where the Child can feed the Ducks &amp; the birds with bread.Nice Fresh air to breathe.Really recommend to stay.	
Apr 21 2009 	Quite a decent hotel	First reaction is that this hotel is too far from central London. To go to Northfields (Tube) station, took us 10 mins via bus E2 (bus station only 30 meters away). To Leicester Square, its another 30-40 mins. After 10 days of travelling to Central London, the 40-50 mins travel are quite bearable though.Quiet hotel, clean and modern. Did not try the food but seems that the restaurant are well patronised. No complaints. However I do think that you may be able to get similar hotel which is 20-30 mins nearer to central london. Just need to do more research.	
Apr 13 2009 	Fantastic value for money	We stayed here for 2nights with our 3 children (age6,3 and 9 months) The staff were very friendly and helpful, printing out info on attractions we mentioned we may visit. We ate in the restaurant both nights and the food was well priced for hotel restaurants (average price £10 for main meal-v.large portions!) with a choice of about 10items for the children all at 4.95The hotel was very child friendly and well situated next to the canal. It was a 15min taxi ride (£8) to the nearest tube and within 15mins your in the heart of London-so brilliant value stay for the location (£100 for 2 nights with Expedia) Less than half an hour drive to LegolandOur room was as you'd expect for Holiday Inn,no surprises there and the hotel was very quiet through the night(no noise in corridors,slamming doors etc) The only added extra was the car parking at £10per dayThouroghly recommended and will definitely stay there again	
Mar 25 2009 	A Perfect Hotel	So who says Brentford isn't a great destination? We were treated extremely well here. The staff at this hotel was fantastic and the concierge desk, which we thought was the Duty Managers desk (Sorry) and he was the best I have ever dealt with. He was friendly and extremely knowledgeable. As a Platinum member I am used to being treated well, but these people were fantastic.The hotel lobby and rooms are fine; requested a room with a view of the lock. They originally put us in a room that faced the Bus Garage. When I spoke to the manager he was very helpful in finding an alternate room - The view looks directly across the river and to the side is the road, but at night it is fun sitting near the window and looking at the water. The surrounding neighborhood is fantastic, there are a ton of sidewalk cafe's to choose from - our first night there we sat in a small pub, had terrific pub food and drank an entire bottle of wine over 2 hours. The tubes has two systems with stations within a short walk from the hotel – or 3 bus stops way, this is much cheaper, If you do a lot of site seeing like we did, the tube is the best betThe lobby is fantastic and the breakfast was value for the money. But since we don’t eat pork, there is no alternative meat available, if there was chicken sausages, it could have been much better. We tried cheaper hotels but I rather pay more to get better service and treated likea guest....Overall… everything has been perfect and a big Thank you to the duty manager and the team who made our stay a great one.	
Feb 20 2009 	A lovely stay	We stayed in the Holiday Inn for 2 nights over new years (this was our 2nd visit) and I cannot speak highly enought of the hotel. The rooms, service, food &amp; value all second to none. I cann't comment about the location as we were visiting friends living close by so we were collected when going anywhere. The staff can be a little stand-off-ish at times but we never had any real problems. We upgraded to a superior room, which had a patio door onto a balcony overlooking brentford lock, breathtaking during the summer.I'm really looking forward to my next visit, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Feb 7 2009	Great Deal - Great Hotel	Spent a weekend at this hotel. Arrived at 10 am to leave our bags to be told by the very efficient receptionist that our room was ready and the we could check in. Room, as requested was a quiet one overlooking Brentford lock. The room was warm and spotlessly clean. The furnishings were functional, the bed slightly soft for our liking. The shower and bath were excellent. We are used to a very quiet night as we live in a rural location. We had slight difficulty getting used to the traffic noise especially a load of emergancy vehicles going past the hotel at 1.20 am with sirens going. The breakfast was very good with even the fried eggs being soft. Had a full english which we never have at home. All this for £59 per night for the two of us. A deal which was excellent value for money. We will certainly stay at this hotel again when we next visit London. The only negative I can think of was the weather which was not good!	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Value	Stayed here New Years Day , after a Kew garden visit, and had a very good deal £49/night and breakfast for 4 for another £10. The surrounding area is nothing pleasant, but the 'better' rooms overlook the lock having the better view. The room had two comfortable double beds and all the mod cons. The staff were very helpful and when we requested extra towels/coffee they were delivered within minutes. We used the gym, good view over the lock whilst running, cycling and doing sit ups etc. The breakfast buffet was excellant with a huge hot and cold selection with attentive staff getting you coffee and cleaning up tables immediately. We parked on the road at the side of the hotel overnight and had no problem, by the industrial estate. In the evening we walked to the local shops and had a good curry at the local Indian, the only complaint was the watered down lager!Handy for visits to London, drove about 4 miles to the Chiswick area where you can park in a safe area for free at the weekends and catch a tube into the centre in zone2 station Turnham Green etc.Overall very good value, good rooms and very good service, fully reccommended.	
Jan 5 2009 	Superb!	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Brentford lock.We found the rooms to be clean,stylish and comfortable.The Breakfast and Dinner was a bit over priced but saying that the hotel portrayed it's four star status,so the prices are to be expected.The reception staff were very friendly and most helpful,I will happily stay there again.Superb!	
Dec 7 2008 	Stinky smoking roomfaraway from center	Unbelievable stinky smoking room!Faraway from London center ~1h.Good breakfast	
Dec 4 2008 	An out-of the-way surprise.	I reserved this visit through a travel service, and I was somewhat concerned when I learned the location of the hotel which I remembered as an industrial area. I guess I hadn't considered urban redevelopment since the whole Brentford area is being gentrified and resettled. This hotel is relatively new and is very well run. Another reviewer mentioned that the team on the front desk is polished and very professional. No doubt that accounts for the number of business clients at the hotel. Though I was a tourist and basically came back to the hotel only to sleep, I did have a chance to use the bar and room service. Some choose this bar because it is more modern and less 'quaint' then others in Brentford. Room service has some odd features. For instance, bread is an extra cost item. If you do not order it specifically, it will not come with your dinner. Other than that, food is *excellent* here.Some of London's workers live in Brentford, so bus service is frequent. There is a bus stop about ten steps from the hotel's front door. Busses connect to both suburban trains and to the underground (closest tube station is Boston Manor)..I took some photos which should be attached.	
Nov 2 2008 	From The Start the Manager and the team is Wonderful	This hotel has a good Team. We have traveled to a lot of Holiday Inns but this was the first hotel after the check in, given a courtesy call and recognized as a platinum member. We Love the Staff who where always friendly &amp; helpful. We had two great night sleep. No plane noise even though it was very near the airport. The service at the restaurant was excellent. The Hotel Manager personally cleaned our table and made us comfortable. The breakfast time was very busy, but the Manger and the staff did a good job. Thank you- Emme.T	
Oct 2 2008 	The BEST London Hotel Stay To Date	I have visited London every year or two for over fifteen years. I have stayed at everything from simple B &amp; B's to luxury lodging. My stay at this hotel ranks as 'number one' when ranking all of those hotel visits. Yes, the hotel is not in central London, but public transportation is swift and frequent and central London is but 30 - 40 minutes away. Also, the opportunity to enjoy the 'feel' of a neighborhood is charming. I was checked in by a very professional, efficient and friendly young lady, who assigned me to a wonderful room overlooking the locks (I was surprised to find that though centuries old, they are still working locks.) The hotel is quite new and clean, clean, clean! Everything in my room was in working order and the bed was most comfortable. The airconditioning system is both quiet and very efficient. The windows do open.....another plus for those of us who appreciate fresh air. The bath also was spotless.....housekeeping at this hotel is superior! Also, every member of staff with whom I came into contact was friendly...with a smile and a 'hello'....something not found in many lodgings. The mini-fridge was a real plus. There is a large grocery store a short distance from the hotel, and snacks and drinks are available in abundance. The neighborhood is both a bit worn-out but also includes some very upscale housing. Shops of all kinds are within walking distance...and several local pubs are a 'must' to visit! All in all, this stay was so comfortable that I hated to leave. To the management and staff, may I offer a hearty &quot;Bravo!&quot;	
Sep 24 2008 	Jobsworth staff 	Watch the prices - some lower rates are available but over £200 per night is excessive for what this hotel offers. It was booked by my Company and there are some allocated places for lower prices but once filled you end up paying full price. Given there's not even a bottle of water in the room - not exactly good value. The reception staff and font of house management wouldn't budge and had no interest in anything other than upholding their policy. After one night I checked out and booked into a cheaper but much better hotel down the road. And the cheek was even though I vacated the room completed by 8am they tried to charge me an extre £50 for late check out when I rang at 11.30 am to confirm I wouldn't be staying.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good Hotel but far from London	I knew this hotel was not in the heart of London, but when I booked on Hotwire it was implied that it was closer than it was. It's easy to get the bus right outside the front door that takes you to Boston Manor tube station that is on the Piccadilly line that takes you right downtown. It took us usually about 45-50 minutes to get into the heart of London or back. I wish it were a little closer, but the price on Hotwire was too good to pass up. The hotel was very nice and the staff pleasant and friendly. There is a grocery store just a short walk away, but we didn't spend much time at the hotel or the area. I would stay here again if I could get the same price. If I had to pay a lot more, I might try to find a more central hotel.	
Aug 7 2008 	This is *not* London	I picked up this hotel through Hotwire since it seemed like a reasonable price for London. However, this hotel is about 90 minutes outside of London by train - if you are lucky and there are no hitches and manage to catch every train on time since you have to switch from Metro to National Rail. On Sundays trains run on limited schedule and it took me over 2.5 hours to get back from London but in part it was because they were working on the tracks and trains were running less frequently and slower.The hotel is also not convenient to the Brentford station but you can walk it in about 20 minutes (average pace) assuming you don't have a lot of luggage. You can take a bus or a taxi too. They don't, to my knowledge, have a shuttle bus to the station. The area is not particularly attractive although there are a few nice British pubs and an OK river walk. Royal Botanical gardens are not too far (40 minute walk) but I didn't find it particularly worth the entrance fee. The biggest problem with the hotel is that they don't have a business center so you can't print anything (such as your boarding pass for next day's flight). They also charge a lot for in-room internet access (four pounds an hour or fifteen pounds for 24 hours) which, given the lack of a business center, seems a bit outrageous.	
Jul 3 2008 	Very good overall	The Holiday Inn Brentford Lock is a very well-kept, clean, and modern hotel situated in a safe, quiet neighborhood near London. About the room I can't complain, as it was large and spotless. The only flaw would be that there are only about 10 TV channels. The location, though a bit out of the way, is fine, and easily accessible by the wonderful transportation system. My biggest complaint would be the ridiculous amount they charge for internet and breakfast (13.95 pounds), making things a little less convenient. Overall, I had a very pleasant experience with this hotel and would recommend it.	
May 29 2008 	A very postive surprise	My wife booked us in here as part of a suprise party for my birthday, so although it's close to home I got the opportunity to sdtay. We had an exec room which comes neatly furnished with a balcony (shared terrace really) overlooking the locks. I was impressed by the hotel room, ammenities and general ambiance which beat many other business hotels I've stayed at within the UK. Breakfast was standard fare and the bar a bit anemic but comfortable. For good food and drink go to the Wier bar nearby or a bit further to Glsitening Waters Caribbean restaurant. The hotel is very well located for Twickhenam rugby as well as Heathrow. One of our party managed to leave a camera behind, and as ever did not expect it still to be there. The staff honesty was very good as the manager had it waiting for us when we went back to check. For a short stay you'll do really well if you can better this locally. Well recommmended.	
May 28 2008	Fawlty Towers!	Well where do i start? Chicken dinner arrived - no potatoes - never came! Fruit crumble - unsugared and burnt top, delay between vegetables being served while main course goes cold, cold yorkshire puddings, wilting salad, burnt garlic bread with tasteless lasagne - this over the period of a 3 night stay!Breakfasts were on the other hand superb - slight problems - ran out of fried eggs and black pudding constantly, fruit juice wasnt topped up - had to catch a waiter to remedy these problems. Now for some praise - the waiters/waitresses were superb - running around doing their best - clearly overworked - too much to do not enough hands on deck - management there should be ashamed of themselves. Staff did their best - and accepted complaints with an apology and a sincere smile - clearly used to it. 3 waiters were from New Zealand and its my guess these young lads work there through necessity to fund their holiday in England - they were so overworked that they couldnt possibly be there for any other reason. Hi to Brett and Shane - you were stars. Management need a good shake up - for all the complaints made they never showed their faces - their young staff simply reported back and came back with apologies.Now i am home i have to smile about it - Fawlty Towers has nothing on this place!!!Because we were part of a coach tour of 48 with included meals we feel they simply couldnt cope - so they shouldnt have accepted the booking. To top it all our min bar was sealed and we couldnt open the fridge! We couldnt be bothered to ring reception..........!Oh AND they had no lager...........get my drift???!All in all an enjoyable stay - it was so dire it was funny!!!!Credit to the young staff who accepted our complaints graciously without one bad word to say about their management. Truly loyal yet undeserved!!!!	
May 11 2008 	Poor organisation and management	My wife and stayed at the Holiday Inn Brentford for a Friday and Saturday night and were very disappointed with the hotel. Check in was good and the room was clean but the window faced out onto a wall . The organisation of the bar or restaurants was poor. We tried to get a drink at the bar before dinner but gave up after 20 minutes, there were two staff, one a trainee and one experienced. The trainee spent her time waiting to get answers from the experienced one who was on the telephone most of the time and as a result very few drinks were served. In the restaurant the situation was the reverse where eight staff were standing around most of the time to clear plates for a buffet dinner. After the dinner a group started up with very loud music in the next room and despite multiple requests to turn down the volume nothing happened and we had great trouble hearing our after dinner speaker. The music went on till late in the night and could be heard in the bedrooms. For breakfast the next day we had to queue for 30 minutes before we were allowed into the restaurant. The management were poor at recognising or pre-empting problems and did not deal with them properly. This is one Holiday Inn I shall avoid.	
May 7 2008	Excellent	After our horrible experience at Boston Manor (see review) we checked in @ Holiday Inn. Service was excellent, rooms were clean! This is how a hotel should be, THUMBS UP!	
May 6 2008 	This Holiday Inn was really good!	This hotel is lovely. It sits next to the Grand Canal (I think) and the view is great. We had three great nights sleeping ever so soundly at this Holiday Inn. No plane noise even though it was very near the airport. The service at reception was excellent. The breakfast service was also very good.The only downside was that one has to pay a lot for internet access and you would expect a four-star business hotel like Holiday Inn to provide wireless access or broadband connection for free. There are no toiletries like toothbrush or toothpaste so bring your own. Shower and shampoo gel are provided. The rooms are spacious - try to get the rooms with double beds - they are very comfy! If you book well in advance, you can sometimes get a very good bargain like 69 pounds with breakfast. Holiday Inn is farther away from the train station than Premier Inn but the view is worth it. A nice Italian restaurant called the Prezzos is opposite it across the canal and serves relatively tasty pizzas and pastas. The service is just ok. Cafe Rouge on Strand on the Green is a lot better.	
Apr 28 2008	very good!!!	As a Platinum holiday Inn member, i really felt appreciated: i was given a list to fill in what kind of snack and drink I wanted on the house. This (a huge fruit basket and bottle of water) I received a few minutes later in my room - the room was an executive one, i was upgraded.This executive room is very good - you receive various free drinks plus snacks.I asked them if they could extend my stay for one more night - i didn't want to pay the offical online rate though, as this was very expensive (the hotel was fully occupied), and I need to check out very early, so it would be a waste of money to pay 200 GBP for half a day extra.They checked with reservations and gave me the same low rate as my first night - 69 GBP.Now this is what I call great service!!!The offices where I work are next to GlaxoSmithKline on Great West Road, which is only at five minute walking distance, taking the shortcut along the canal.The taxi ride from Heathrow costs 19 GBP if you pre order from a service that was recommend to me by the Holiday Inn Brentford. Don't take a black cab - they charge double!!	
Feb 8 2008	Refugees from Heathrow	We were among the 9,000 passengers that were unceremoniously dumped at Heathrow on Dec. 23, 2007 when our connection was cancelled by British Airways. The airport was in utter chaos and there was a complete meltdown. Having gotten no help whatsoever from British Airways, we ended up at this Holiday Inn. It cost 29 pounds in cabfare each way. The hotel itself had that indefinable comfyness that makes you feel safe and at home. The staff could not have been nicer. They were helpful, sympathetic, efficient. They let us use their computer to try to find alternative transportation. I was on it for about an hour. We had several questions and they were able to answer most of them and gave us correct information. We really appreciated their assistance in this very bad situation. The breakfast was a nice bonus, too. There is a bus stop right outside the entrance. There is a cute pub across the street (we did not go in). Overall, a very comfortable place.	
Jan 10 2008	if your stuck at Heathrow give this place a go!	I was stuck at Heathrow in December due to fog. All the airport hotels were booked out, and 1000 people slept in the terminals that night. I booked in at this Holiday Inn - 20 min drive from Heathrow and had a comfortable nights sleep. It's a basic clean hotel, but it's all you need for a layover. It's only a 20 min drive to LHR and a lot cheaper than the closer airport hotels!	
Jan 5 2008 	Good Clean Hotel but no soundproofing	All in all, a very good hotel - there is ample secure parking (£10 per night) and the general look of the hotel is modern, clean and well maintained. I stayed in a deluxe room (£30 extra), and the room was large and comfortable.The only letdown was the lack of soundproofing in the rooms - heathrow airport is only a few miles away, - the planes fly right over the hotel in an endless stream from around 4am - 11pm - meaning not alot of sleep was had! For a hotel on the immediate flightpath of a major UK airport, I would have expected better soundproofing - especially with the upgraded room - even the travelodge at Gatwick which was almost alongside the runway had such good soundproofing you couldn't really hear the planes - and that was only £30 a night!	
Dec 22 2007 	wedding annerverary	We had a great time at the hotel. The staff are very friendly nothing was to much trouble. within 5minutes of checking in we had a knock on the door. Champange and strawberries for our annerversary. compliments of the duty manager. this i found was very good of the hotel as we were not expecting anything. the room was very comfortable and clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will be staying again	
Dec 12 2007 	Comfy	Stayed here for one night, the room was clean and the bed was really comfortable. the breakfast was nice, however the staff were a bit grumpy...maybe they should employ people who are morning people.	
Oct 16 2007 	Worth exploring surrounding area	Hotel excellent in every way. Paid extra for room with balcony overlooking Lock. For a stroll in the evening, admittedly the High Street needs renovating, but its worth exploring. Just off the High Street are some interesting leafy streets, a small park and a church restored in an unusual way. We walked through Syon Park to Lyon Wharf, good view, and made our way along the river to Richmond and Ham House (open to the Public - National Trust).	
Sep 23 2007 	Clean Safe Good Value	Stayed with the family for a wedding at nearby Syon Park. Hotel is modern, clean and safe. Breakfast was excellent. The beds (and floor - long story) were very comfortable. Staff courteous. Parking safe. All-in-all a good hotel, but in a slightly iffy location.	
Sep 8 2007	Nice Comfortable Hotel - Avoid the food though!	Stay here quite regularly and enjoy my stays.The rooms are very clean and comfortable with nice bathrooms.TV has good selection of channels and rooms contain tea and coffee making facilities.The hotel has secure car parking and is in a good location.The only problem I have ever encountered is in the restaurant - the food is terrible, especially considering the price (£15 for a burnt steak served with 6 chips!).Overall would definitely recommend - but with London a short hop away, eat out, not in!	
Jul 13 2007 	Good one night stop	Due to the silliness of the TravelLodge booking system, I found it better value to stay one night here and then move to the Lodge down the road for three nights. Rate was £85. The Holiday Inn is fine. Very comfortable and in a newly developed area along the canal. As mentioned by the previous poster, parking can be a problem, When I arrived I was directed to the car park of a local shop as all the hotel's were full. The reception staff said that cars were not clamped there but when I asked if they guaranteed that, there was just a shrug. I was able to move it to the hotel car park in the late evening. I only used the restaurant for breakfast which is buffet style and not cheap at £13.95. If I stopped again, there are two or three cafes along the High Street which I reckon would be better value.Would I stop here again? It would depend on the price. I'm more than happy to be &quot;bargain basement&quot; at the Lodge.	
Jul 10 2007 	Very clean and comfortable	Stayed for one night whilst attending evening concert at Twickenham stadium. Location is great if wanting to visit west London although probably a bit far out for visiting central London. The location is very easy to find as it is just a short distance of the M4. Parking was a bit of a problem on arrival as there was a party in the hotel however when these guests left in the late afternoon we were able to park our car in the underground car park. There would be a serious problem parking close by if no room was left in the hotel car park as there was no other obvious secure paring in the area. The hotel was very clean looking new and sparking. The staff were extremely friendly and gave the feeling that nothing would be too much trouble. We stayed in an executive room with balcony overlooking the canal which made for a nice stay. Shame the hotel didn't think to put out some chairs on the balcony. Breakfast was good although a little slow to replace food when exhausted by other guests. Overall a good place to stay which I would consider using again if visiting west London in the future.	
Jun 8 2007 	Nice 	Stayed 4 nights on business. Very nice, modern rooms. Didn't try the restaurant but the bar had a good selection and is very pleasant as well as the outside area. The express checkout was not exactly fast but the staff were very helpful. Not many channels on the TV though. The bed was very comfortable, the room was very quiet and the curtains kept the light out. Avoid the complimentary newspaper if you are a light sleeper as they hang it on the door about 5am! Pappadums Indian restaurant was excellent.	
May 11 2007 	Great hotel - superb value for London.	Modern (opened September 2005) four-star hotel in a nice canal-side location at Brentford Lock. Easy access off junction 2 of the M4, and plenty of secure underground parking (£10/night) with a lift direct from the car park into the hotel. All staff extremely friendly and great with our kids - they ended up being given three cuddly toys each during our stay. Also offered us a late check-out on our last day without us even asking for it. Family rooms were very spacious and clean, with two good-sized double beds.Immediate surroundings pleasant with new apartments and barges on the canal and a few eating options - Grounds coffee/wine bar, Prezzo pizza, and The Weir gastropub - had decent meals in the latter two, no problem taking our children into either. Also a Costcutter supermarket in the complex for stocking up on cheap booze if required. The rest of Brentford seemed to be a bit down-at-heel, but no matter as we were here to visit the sights in London.Though some way from the city centre and not directly on a tube line, transport into central London was straightforward. The E8 bus stops directly outside the hotel (we never seemed to wait longer than 5 minutes for one to appear) - a 10-minute ride on the bus and then get off by Boston Manor underground station on the Piccadilly line - a 30-minute journey then gets you into central London. We bought a 3-day travelcard for £20 per adult which gives you unlimited travel on buses and underground - children under 11 travel free on both.We stayed there the week before Easter and the hotel did not seem overly busy - plenty of spare tables at breakfast, which was excellent - self-service with cold and hot buffets. Also, had one evening meal in the hotel which was fine and fairly priced - we got the 'early-bird' 20% discount for dining before 7:00p.m. even though we didn't get there until 6:55.And finally this hotel was excellent value - booked through the hotel website at £59 per room per night, for a family of four including breakfast. Superb for a 4-star hotel in London. We also stayed one night in a Travel Inn during this trip to London and that worked out at £105 including breakfast and parking.	
May 9 2007 	Good hotel with some points for concern	The hotel building is modern and well designed and is located on the banks of the Grand Union Canal in Brentford. It's immediate surroundings are pleasant but Brentford itself is somewhat run down (not the sort of place to go for an evening stroll).Hotel services were good although the food was of a variable quality. The room rate fluctuates greatly and can be very high for some nights (£159 for a standard room without breakfast). Car parking fees are also on the high side at £10 per night. Food, on the other hand, is very reasonably priced.Availability is a real problem with this hotel so book in good time.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great for Twickenham	Stayed here for two nights ( SAT &amp; SUN ) £51prpn, carpark underneath hotel, drive straight in, access to reception from carpark. Superb twin rooms with two double beds, very clean!Breakfast was excellent with a large choice and good service. Sunday was a rugby day at Twickenham, the hotel bar was open 9:30 am for those who were up to it, 3 minutes in a taxi to the bars and shops of Richmond, easy to get to from M4, if you're going to the rugby this is a great hotel.	
Mar 4 2007 	Great Hotel	Great clean, modern hotel. Rooms are a decent size and at very reasonable price. Good transport links to the City. Will be back!	
Jan 13 2007 	Perfect for a London weekend if you come by car from the South West / M4	My wife and I were delighted with our stay here for 2 nights in December 2006. The hotel is only a year old and retains the 'new' feel that we know guarantees cleanliness and modern design.It's located in the decent London suburb of Brentford which is within a mile of the M4 (for the South West of England), a couple of miles from Kew Gardens, and 4 or 5 miles from the pleasant shopping &amp; eating of Richmond. Parking at the hotel costs £10 per night - a very secure, underground car park. Now this is the key bit - Brentford is not on the tube / underground line so to get into central London the easiest thing to do is to get to Kew tube station (which is approx 2 miles away) and take the underground straight there - it's a journey of about 15 mins to Westminster etc. At Weekends (Sat &amp; Sun ONLY) parking close to Kew tube station is easy, free of charge &amp; plentiful on the safe &amp; respectable residential roads nearby. There is no limit to the time you may park, so it makes the perfect place from which to approach the capital!We initially checked into a double room, but would recommend you do as we did and request a 'twin' room. This gets you the same size size bed as the double room, but 2 of them and all the associated space that comes with that. We moved to a 'twin' after our first night and the difference in the overall experience was considerable - just more roomy and relaxing.As for the rest of the hotel, it's is modern and comfortable in design, the staff friendly and the immediate location nice - it's located right on the water of the canal locks, surrounded by newbuild apartments and waterside development. We ate out in Kew (there's a variety of nice little restaurants in the 'village-like' area immediately near entrance of the tube, plus the Kew Grill, ASK italian and pubs), which is also accessable easily by plentiful buses and taxis.Overall, if you want to be in the middle of the action on Oxford Street, Piccadilly or Soho, clearly this is not the hotel for you. However if you're driving to the capital (from the west/northwest especially) and fancy a weekend of daytime shopping/sightseeing followed by lowkey evenings in Kew or Richmond, then this hotel would be hard to beat. We paid £29.95 per room per night on a special 2-4-1 promotion, a deal that made our stay all the better!	
Oct 29 2005	After Katrina's huracan	We spent 2 nights in this new, clean, and modern hotel. Due to Katrina's disaster in USA, we couldn't arrive the day we supposed to check in. Despite of the events in USA, the staff still charged for a night we didn't spent at the hotel. Very insensitive! The hotel is located a great distance to London main attractions. From Heathrow airport, you have to take Picadilly line, getting off in Boston Manor station and take a bus #8 which represents an extra cost. There are some convenient stores few feet from the hotel where you can buy metro tickets, mail postcards, buy some fruit and magazines. When we asked for directions and information, front desk staff were helpful and friendly.	
Apr 9 2009 	Très agréable		
Oct 2 2007 	Gute Qualität für ein Hotel im Großraum London		
