Nov 24 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We are a young couple, and we stayed at the Cromwell for a romantic escape. The hotel it's clean, the staff it's nice and it's good located few steps away from the Metro!I'll be back!	
Nov 16 2009 	Don't listen to bad reviews!	Absolutely great hotel, got a fantastic deal through 1800 hotels. The breakfast and service was excellent. Big bonus that they serve breakfast until 11am at weekends! We got a room on the 4th floor.....I requested not to have a basement room as we were staying for four nights, the rooms are small so I say the basement might feel quite enclosed. However, although the rooms are small, it's comfortable and very well laid out and staying for four nights was absolutely no problem. The location is perfect, really good restuarants around, Ask restuarant across the road perfect cheap eat and then the green door steak house down the road from the tube is a really good spot. Really loved this location and if flying to Heathrow all you have to do is get onto tube across the road, pay four pounds and you're there within 40 mins!	
Nov 14 2009 	Basic room too small	Excelent location for tube, buses etc. Within walking distance of V&amp;A,Natural History and Science Museums. Hotel very modern, clean with helpful staff. But stear clear of the basic rooms, they are tiny. Best to pay that little extra for superior room or balcony room.	
Nov 11 2009 	Never go to this hotel!	Worst exprerience ever! If you want to feel basicaly comfortable-you need a triple room at least! I mean a triple room for one person....Double rooms are horribly small , so two persons could hardly change positions and pass through each other.Room pictures in the internet look like having quite a vast space that is absolutely false!	
Oct 30 2009 	Every thing you needed - Perfect Hotel	Perfect hotel, Location was great directly across the road from the tube station, easy access to all resorts and attractions! Hotel room was amazing, with queen size bed, clean and outstanding bathroom and outside terrace patio. The hotel was exceptionally clean could not doubt one thing!	
Oct 28 2009 	Amazingly Great Budget Hotel	Hello. After a very stressful search me and my girlfriend found this hotel based on reviews from TripAdvisor and its location so we chose to stay there for 6 nights. Having heard of London hotels we were a little bit afraid because it was our first trip together and we wanted it to be perfect.. At first we asked for a room in the upper floors and soon the management answered us and agreed to assign one. When we arrived the staff was very friendly and helpful and they kept our luggage in a room because it wasn't check-in time.After a short visit to Stamford Bridge to buy Chelsea tickets we went back to the hotel and our room was ready. All our worries ended instantly: the room was beautiful and cozy and we had enough space to move around; besides the room was spotless. The bed was really confy and we fitted in nicely; the bathroom was stylish with enough towels and a nice hot tower rail. As for storage, we had a closet with a safe inside. The room also had a desk, a table and chair, flat screen TV, free tea and biscuits and air conditioned.After our first night we went downstairs to have breakfast and it was also really nice: helpful staff and a nice variety of food with good quality in a buffet system (pretty much All-You-Can-Eat). The breakfast ended at 10am but they still served some people after that wich was nice. One advice: go early because it sometimes gets crowded and you need to wait for a table.When we arrived back from sightseeing the room was very clean and the towels changed.It was like this for all the 6 nights and we loved it. We only had two minor complaints: when the people in the room above walked in the area where our air con was it made some noise but it was no big trouble at all because overall the room was very quiet although it was facing the street; the second was a little stain in a pillow and another one in the mattress but it was well covered so we didn't mind.The location was great as it has a Bus station in front of the hotel and Gloucester Underground around the corner with access to Central/Picadilly/District Lines; it also had plenty of places to eat (Burger King, KFC, Garfunkel's, Nando's, etc)Like I said earlier we wanted it to be perfect and it came really close as we were very pleased and it certnaily helped our experience by giving us no worries at all. For sure we will come back	
Oct 22 2009 	Bargain gem great location	Yes, the room was tiny, but tspotless, the bathroom quite nice, and the desk proved quite useful. We had a quiet room at the back overlooking an attractive courtyard and managed just fine in the small space, even after having stayed in larger rooms elsewhere on our trip. Location can't be beat -- steps from the Gloucester Rd. tube stop -- in lovely Kensington. Lots to do and see nearby and easy access by tube to all other points in London and of course on the direct line to/from Heathrow. Staff was helpful and the price was a bargain compared to other hotels in the area. Free wifi was appreciated, especially since other London hotels charge quite a bit for internet access.	
Oct 14 2009 	The Cromwell	Had a 1 night stay here last night and wanted to post whilst fresh in my mind. We were going to the Royal Albert Hall and there is a fair selection of hotels to choose from along this stretch of Cromwell Road, only a 15 minute or so walk away from the Hall. However the Cromwell was about fifty pounds cheaper than any other in the locale, being on a tight budget I plumped for this one in Kensington, rather than a cheaper one further away. I was worried that I'd paid only eighty pounds and I was so pleased with the hotel, although we were in one of the basement rooms we still had plenty of natural light from the high window and the room was lovely and newly refurbished, in creams and aubergine particularly the bathroom, which was thoughtfully fitted out, stylish with a great bath and shower. Being towards the rear of the hotel, we could hear no traffic noise at all and but for 1 small detail we would have slept really soundly,the room was very comfortable with great aircon. The tiny detail was that my husband is 6ft 1 (not super-tall) and the beds are way too short, his feet hung off the end and this made his night quite uncomfortable. Had we been staying longer, this would have been an issue.Its a real maze thought, so beware, we got lost several times. As for location it is right around the corner from Gloucester Rd tub (1 minute walk) and a leisurely 30 minutes all the way down to Harrods and Harvey Nics in Knightsbridge (or 5 mins on the tube, but it was so warm during our stay we walked everywere) Kensington Gardens on the way to the Hall are worth a visit and we sat and ate lunch there in glorious sunshine. Across the road from the hotel are shops and a little arcade. A quick mention to Ask Restaraunt across the road ,fantastic attentive service with an enthusiastic knowledge of their product, (not always the case in chain eateries) and lovely reasonably priced italian dishes.Reception staff were lovely and helpful and the area was small but nicely laid out. I will definately stay again if they have larger rooms with slightly longer beds!	
Oct 14 2009 	Delightful London Home for 7 days	We are very pleased with our room. Quite stylish and they use the small space to all of it's advantage. Love the bathroom with it's overhead Rain shower head and then the side moveable shower head. Best part is our little balcony that looks out into a huge tree and grassy area. Yes the room is small but it is the same size room that we had in Manhattan and has not been an issue for the two of us.Location is excellent for the tube is almost at the corner, several excellent restaurants just within walking distance. Ask is right across the street and has excellent Italian food and a few blocks away is Little India with the most amazing Indian food! Across the street is Boots for anything you forgot to pack and there is Waitrose (grocery store) for snacks, etc. We've been popping by each night for a bottle of wine.The one thing I would not repeat again is the breakfast here. Dreadfully expensive and not very good. Actually it has been difficult to find a good American breakfast here.We would definitely stay here again and have been quite pleased with our temporary London home here at the Cromwell.	
Oct 11 2009 	Will stay here again	I researched a good value hotel in great location and found The Cromwell Hotel to fit our needs. We were delighted with all and stayed for 3 nights on a room only basis. We booked direct with Best Western and got a 10% by just asking. We changed from our original room to a larger room with a fabulous terrace. Great modern bathroom with powerful shower which is a must for us. And very very comfy bed. Flat screen TV and mini fridge which is always handy. Would 100% recommend this room but would suggest paying the bit extra for the terrace room. It's worth it! 3mins walk to Tube station, boots, Tesco and some really good bars and restaurants which we sampled. Will stay here again for sure.	
Sep 28 2009 	Nice Hotel- Nice Staff	We enjoyed our stay-clean, good breakfast, friendly staff &amp; great location.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great hotel	Great hotel with very good service.+ Great staff, clean rooms , great location, good rates. - Expensive and small breakfast,Incredible food at ASK! right across the street!	
Sep 19 2009	Great hotel to stay at	This hotel was a great place to stay at. The consierge helped a lot in finding out places to go and how to get there. It also has great location, right by the Gloucester Road Underground Station. There is a great market next to the hotel and also a wide variety of eating places nearby as well.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed at this hotel from Sept 8-12. My primary purpose was business but also was there on some leisure time as well. I was visiting from the USA. This hotel was a retro fit into a hostel. I stayed in room 504. Note that the lift only goes to the 4th floor, you will have to walk your luggage up to the 5th floor. It did not face the street so I had a nice view of trees and it was quite. My room was clean and modern. It was tiny but you are in London and spaces are tight in London so as expected. If I was in my room, I was in my bed sleeping so this was fine for me. The staff is very friendly, helpful and willing to answer questions. They made me feel welcome from the moment I walked into the door. This hotel is a great location. There is a grocery store directly across the street. There is a Starbucks and restaurants right in the area. The tube station is also right across the street where you can catch 3 different tube lines. I could easily get to all tourist sites without changing tubes. I also walked to Harrods one afternoon which was a nice walk to a great shopping area. The rate was very reasonable for a London hotel. If I return to London, I would stay here again and recommend it to others looking for a good central hotel.	
Sep 2 2009 	Very good hotel considering the price and location	The location and cost of the hotel cannot be faulted. However, our room was at the front of the hotel in the basement. As such, there was very little light in the room, a view was non existent, an external staircase ran directly across our window and you could feel the vibrations from Cromwell Road at busy times. It was a good job the room had adequate (but noisy) air conditioning because opening a window was not really an option. That said, as a base to go out and explore London with Gloucester Road underground station a few minutes walkaway, I would recommend it. However, if you plan on spending a lot of time in the hotel, I would go elsewhere or ask for a room on an upper floor, preferably to the rear! As for the service and cleanliness, both were acceptable but not fantastic. All in all a satisafactory stay.	
Sep 1 2009 	wonderful refit	very pleasing to book over the phone, ( best western site is very good) and arrive to find such a lovely hotel, for amazing price ( 90 pd night). our room was on top floor which has no lift, a hard time with 5 bags!The men at reception were spot on, the woman another story. DONT get them to call you a taxi , hail it yourself outside, WAY CHEAPER. A private car turns up and be prepared to get ripped off. Such a shame to spoil an otherwise top spot.	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice Hotel - Great Location	The hotel was perfect, clean and the location was perfect, just five minutes walk from Glousester Road tube station.Hotel staff was very polite and they want to help you with everything.Breakfast was good.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel	I have just returned from a trip to the UK with my 18 year old grand-daughter. I am an expat Brit and was very concerned about the hotel as I had heard bad reports about small London hotels. - however, it was just wonderful - the furnishings were top notch, the beds comfortable and the bathroom roomy and well appointed. The room was small, (I have stayed in smaller in Spain!) - but perfectly adequate for our stay and certainly had everything you could wish for - good quality hair dryer, tea making facilities, shampoos, shower cap, etc.. The location is ideal, being very close to Gloucester Road Tube station, and many pubs, eating establishments and stores (including a Boots right opposite - very handy). One tip - we bought Oyster cards for the week, which was a wonderful cheap way to get around London (I had not heard of these before).We found the front desk personnel very helpful and cheerful and we both enjoyed the breakfast (my grand-daughter is a vegetarian) - a full English breakfast was very important to us given our hectic scheduleI met with some of my old school chums and recommended the hotel to them if they ever wanted a nice get away to London for a few days. If I was to return I would certainly stay here.Thanks for helping making our trip memorable.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect little hotel	This hotel is the perfect hotel! The location is just a few blocks away from Knightsbridge where all the great shopping is, such as Harrods. It's close to many museums and it's right across the street from a tube stop and a grocery store. There are plenty of resturaunts in area too. The hotel was recently renovated so all the furniture, bedding and bathrooms are brand new, very modern. It is super clean and the staff were all very helpful and friendly. You can't beat the price for a London hotel. We were very impressed with this hotel. We stayted in room 112 and it had a bay window which gave us a litte more space. We would stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice cosy little hotel - perfect for young couples	Nice little hotel, the room was small, but we had a lovely patio outside the room to hang out. The windows that opened onto the patio were a little strangely fitted, but otherwise we had a nice stay. Breakfast was hearty and staff were friendly and helpful. Recommended for a decent stay in central London. Gloucester Road tube station was just a stone's throw away from the hotel.	
Jul 8 2009	Little Gem	I stayed in this hotel with a friend for one night when we were visiting Wimbledon and thought it was great value for money (I got a good deal via the Travel Republic website). The hotel has recently been refurbished though I don't think all the rooms are finished yet so would advise to request a newly refurbished room when booking. The room was small but certainly no smaller than most other London hotels I have stayed in - it was beautifully decorated in boutique style decor and the bed was so comfy. The reception staff were friendly and very helpful. We were on a room only deal so can't comment on the breakfast as we ate out - there are lots of cafes nearby. The hotel is about a 1 minute walk from Gloucester Road Tube Station so in a very convenient location if you are visiting the west side of London. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Average rooms good location	Not a bad place to stay, although when we got there our basement 'executive' room had decorators staring in the window from outside. Still nice hotel, good location and pleasant staff. rooms really clean, so yes i would stay again	
May 17 2009 	Comfortable stay but TINY room	We stayed in this hotel for one night. At the moment it has scaffolding up outside, which does look quite off putting, however once inside, the hotel is very clean and modern. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. We arrived before our room was ready, but they took care of our bags, so that we could go out instead of waiting, and even had them taken up to our room, so they were there for us when we returned. The lift in the hotel is slightly archaic, so after using it only once, we did opt for the stairs from that point on. The biggest negative we experienced whilst in this hotel, was that our room was absolutely TINY. It was quite a squeeze to have two people and two bags in there. However, the decor was modern and clean, although the walls were covered in scuff marks, but I would put that down to the lack of room to move around. The ensuite was lovely, with floor to ceiling titles and a good size shower, but no bath. Breakfast was included in our room rate and was OK. I would strongly recommend that if breakfast wasn’t included in your room rate, not to pay the £12.95 and instead walk 5 minutes down the road where there are nice cafe’s and a Starbucks. Whilst I appreciate this is the normal price for hotel breakfasts, this one in particular, due to service and food on office, really isn’t worth the money. Location wise this hotel is great, only two minutes walk from the nearest tube (on circle and district line). We did stay in this hotel for leisure reasons and if you can stand to be in a really small room, then would recommend this hotel for one maybe two nights. However I don’t recommend it for business travellers. Whilst the room did have a desk, it was so close to the bed that you couldn’t really have pulled the chair out enough to comfortably sit at it. I have stayed at the Holiday Inn across the road for business reasons and this was much more amenable. However, I would like to point out that The Cromwell did have a more homely manner.	
Apr 17 2009 	excellent value for money!!	very clean nice hotel, clean modern rooms with all the facilities you need! very friendly staff and excellent location! we will come back!!!!!	
Apr 2 2009 	They made us feel like family like their favorite relatives!	My cousin and I stayed Mar 26-31, 2009. Our 1st night was a double with a lovely view of the garden and lower terrace. Last 3 nights we were moved to a larger twin on the ground floor in front. They are painting the building so our high window was covered with cloudy plastic. Perfectly clean, nice large towels, comfortable beds, no street noise. The friendly and fun staff accommodated all of our needs. Conveniently located near Gloucester Tube. We were fortunate to be able to check in early after an early morning arrival from the US, and store our luggage after check-out until our evening departure. We would stay here again, and again!	
Mar 31 2009 	Enjoyable Stay. Lousy lift.	I stayed at The Cromwell from the 12th to 16th of March and overall I had a very enjoyable stay. The hotel is perfectly situated with the Underground station just across the street and various other shops nearby. The staff were very friendly and helpful from check in to check out. As others have commented scaffolding does cover the front facade although this was no issue as I had no intentions of staring at the building all day.I arrived around 10 AM, and my room was ready after a short wait which was great after a long flight. Room 502, on the top floor, was quiet, clean, and more then adequate for my needs. Keep in mind the lift does not reach the 5th floor for future reference. Yes, the rooms are small, but this was no surprise. The decor seemed to be recently updated and bathroom was very nice and modern. My one complaint about the room itself was the lack of hot water on occasions. I found if I did not shower early enough lukewarm water the best I could hope for but not deal breaker.Breakfast was included in my room rate and was delicious and a great way to start the day. The staff attending the breakfast room were very friendly, attentive, and made me feel welcomed.The only matter I did complain about was the lack of a working lift every morning of my stay. Without fail the lift was out of service every morning, but when returning in the evening it was back in service. I also noticed that there signs stating it was out on every floor but the forth every morning. So you had no idea it was out if staying on the 4th or 5th floor.. But overall a minor inconvenience.	
Mar 30 2009 	Would Stay at The Cromwell again	We were very pleased with our accomodations this past week. We did upgrade to &quot;executive rooms&quot; (one on each floor) and would recommend this. The rooms were spacious enough, very clean, and very nice bathroom. The beds were comfortable, the staff helpful- overall, a very nice experience. The location was great- right across the street from the Gloucester Rd. tube station- perfect for zipping around to places in London. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant in the basement, but took advantage of Starbucks right across the street, and a wonderful patisserie, Paul, also across the street. Furthermore, there was a Boots Pharmacy across the road, and a tourist shop/post office for sending those postcards to family back home. There were several local pubs within very short walking distance including the Stanhope Arms- to get some lager and to mingle with the locals- esp. over a &quot;football game.&quot; The only drawback to our hotel? They are re-doing the facade of the hotel and so scaffolding and plastic sheeting covered the whole of the building- was noisy during the weekday mornings if we wanted to sleep a little late.	
Mar 3 2009 	Super Tiny but Good Value	This is a great hotel for the solo business traveler, but I would not recommend it to families or couples on account of the very small size of the rooms and hotel in general. The free WiFi worked amazingly well (I was on the second floor), hairdryers in every room, and relatively spacious bathrooms make it a great place when you need to relax after work. The single rooms really are incredibly small (I had to put my suitcase on the bed just to close the door), but it's not bad if you're just by yourself. People need to understand that hotel rooms in London are not going to compare in size to a Holiday Inn in Montana. Rooms are all re-done and have a clean and modern design, and the location is INCREDIBLE. Literally anything you could need is within two blocks. Great access to tube (Gloucester Road), large supermarket, bars, restaurants of all kinds, and in a very safe/posh neighborhood. Hotel staff is hit or miss--some are very nice and others are pretty unremarkable.	
Feb 27 2009 	Avoid any basement bedrooms (any room starting by 8??)	Four of us travelled to London for business and booked 4 rooms at the Cromwell's. I did not have a chance to visit the other bedrooms, but from the comments by my colleagues &quot;it is just like being in a caravan !&quot;.My bedroom was in the basement. And looked pretty cozy during the first 10 seconds. I should have been alerted immediately by the presence of 3 air fresheners in my tiny bedroom ! It was freezing cold. 12°C when I got there and had to leave a credit card in, while we had supper to make sure the heating was gonna work on !. No heating in the bathroom. Although the room was clean and nicely decorated, it was ... smelly. No window to be opened. Just a pretend window that was all painted over and not to be opened. The room really stank of - well I do not dare to say - sick ! (Only then did I spot the air fresheners !) When I went upstairs to ask for another room it was to be told that the hotel was fully booked, but that they would come to spray my room with yet more air freshener !!!! Somhow I manage to get to sleep in (I have to admit - the bed was nice and comfy). But I woke up during the night because my head was suddenly feeling extremely cold (I am not bald !). I checked the temperature and it was 12° again although I had left the noisy (very) noisy AC on !.Do I recommend it ? NO !A positive : At breakfast, I asked for a hot chocolate and was told by the waiter that they did not do that. A cook who happened to hear that, nicely offered to do one for me !! He was, really, the only nice and friendly staff around.	
Feb 25 2009 	Bad Heating!	The Hotel was okay, your average standard middleclass Business Hotel in a central location within walking distance to Hyde Park, Museum of Natural History, tube station and Harrod's. But: The heating in the first room, I was put up in, didn't work properly.	
Feb 20 2009 	great minus the construction	my roommate and i are both college students. we stayed at the cromwell for 2 nights in january, and it was a good experience overall. the only bad part was there was LOUD construction going on in the next room, but it usually didn't start until 10a, when we were usually out anyway. we just happened to catch it one day. the room was pretty small, but the bathroom was spotless. the staff was super friendly! the location was great, not even a 5 minute walk to the gloucester road tube station. i'd go back!	
Feb 18 2009	My worst experience in 20 years of business travel!	My worst experience in 20 years of travelling!!! Stayed 5 nights, and was given a room in the basement, no window. Air Con/heating turned off when removing the room key, so the temp was 12 degrees C in the evenings. Management didn't care and were totally uninterested in the fact that I stayed 5 nights.	
Feb 17 2009	Good hotel well situated.	The hotel is just a couple of minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube station., and there are shops, pubs and restaurants close by.We were a little worried to find the hotel covered in scaffolding and work being carried out. Our allocated room was at the front of the hotel, with scaffolding and tarpaulins blocking out the light. We asked for the room to be changed, wich was done quickly without any fuss. The receptionist told us the work was to remove years of paint, and to restore the original Victorian brick facade.Our room was spacious, clean and well presented, (as was the first room we were offered). The hotel interior was refurbished about 18 months ago. The room had a flat screen TV and a safe.We booked the hotel through a 'late deals' website, and got full English Breakfast as part of the deal. A bargain as it turns out - the breakfasts were worth £12.50 each!! There was a good choice of food, the chef checked at frequent intervals and replenished as required. There have been comments made about queues for tables at breakfast. We had no problems, but the hotel was very quiet. The breakfast room did seem small for the size of the hotel though.All the staff members we encountered were friendly and helpful.We would certainly consider this hotel again.We were told that the hotel, and presumably many others were unusually quiet because of the credit crunch. There should be some deals to be done!!	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent!	I stayed for 2 nights whilst in London with work. I booked 2 nights through Travel Republic and got an excellent deal. The room was single, so small - but perfectly formed. It really is newly refurbished, the shower room was quality and the decor tasteful and in excellent condition. Attention to detail also good with everything thought of. On the first night my next door neighbours were very noisy (and drunk) and at 4 am I phoned reception who went straight up and sorted things out. The next morning they enquired about my welfare saying that the people responsible had been asked to leave (mine was not the only complaint). Breakfast was georgous and very fresh and tasty. The location was stunning too, right next to the tube. The staff were very helpful and attentive. Sorry to gush, but I was delighted with this hotel and will return with my husband for a weekend.	
Feb 9 2009 	Avoid!	Really not a good hotel - definately would not recommend!The staff were not helpful (and didn't speak much English!)My fiance's debit card was fraudulently used during our stay. Whilst it may have been cheap for London, it was a bit of a dump! The room was OK pretty small, felt like we were in a cellar. Cleanliness was OK, bit of mildew in the bathroom. OK for one night. At weekends the parking is free if you can find it, but if not, parking is £24 for 24 hours. Ouch!!Quiet area, not rough like some areas of London.This was just our experience, other reviews seem pretty good. It met our expectations, but these were pretty low based on other stays in London!	
Jan 3 2009 	Except for the Tiniest Room... It is Good!	The last time when I was in London in 2001, I stayed at a B&amp;B in Sussex Gardens as it was very close to Paddington Station which has the HEX to Heathrow. This time I found this hotel, Best Western The Cromwell, for an average of £99 (including breakfast) per nite for 5 nites at alpharooms.com from 1-6 May 2008.Before we left for our holidays to the UK in Apr'08, I called the hotel to re-confirm my bookings and also to inform them that I will be arriving late on check-in date by train from York and to put in a request for a quiet room facing the garden.It was very easy to locate the hotel from Gloucester Road tube station, only a 1-min walk, across Cromwell Road. We were greeted at the reception on arrival, the room check-in was very efficient and quick. We were given room #655 on the ground level facing the back. It was one of the tiniest room I’ve seen, the room was so very small and cramp. You could literally open the door and jump right into bed. There isn’t much space to walk around let alone open one’s luggage.Besides the space constraints, the room and bathroom was clean, comfortable and newly renovated. It is equipped with a flat-panel LCD TV, hairdryer, tea, coffee-making facility, free Wifi, a writing desk with chair, an open clothes cupboard and a hot towel rail is available in the bathroom.What I liked about this hotel:1) Great location: Right across from the tube station that has the Piccadilly Line to Heathrow Airport, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden and King’s Cross/St. Pancras (Eurostar to Paris); the main Circle Line for most tourist attractions in Central London, Paddington Station, Westminster, Notting Hill, Tower Hill.2) Near food outlets and other major hotels like Holiday Inn. Waitrose Supermarket is across the street, Starbucks around the corner along Gloucester Road, the larger Sainsbury Supermarket is just 100m down along Cromwell Road, a Royal Mail Post Office is at the end of same block, bus stop right in front of the hotel that can get you to Knightsbridge and Central London.3) The Museum Mile is a short walk away along Cromwell Road with Natural History Museum, Science Museum and Victoria and Albert Museum.4) Buffet Breakfast was sufficient and decent. Each morning, there was bacon, scambled eggs, grilled tomatoes, grilled mushrooms, sausages, baked beans, cereals, bread with a toasting oven, yoghurt, fruits, juices, tea and coffee. The breakfast area is clean and comfortable.5) free Wifi internet.6) friendly hotel staff.My irks about this hotel:1) SMALL and CRAMP room.2) limited TV Channels.3) bad drainage in the shower cubicle (BUT the housekeeping efficiently attended to that problem even without us having report the choke as we forgot about it when we left the room early in the morning in a rush and after coming back we were pleasantly surprised that shower drainage was cleared.)4) Double doors in the room (ie. The main room door + another door to get the bed). As the room was already very tiny, not sure why they needed to have 2 door in the rooms, besides having another door to the bathroom.Overall impression: Good except for the tiniest rooms ever (I cannot help on emphasising about their tiny room). But we didn’t mind as we only wanted a decent and clean place to sleep the nite. We, being on holiday, were out and about all day. The hotel staff were nice and friendly. I will still consider Best Western The Cromwell on my next return to London. I do not mind staying here again. I am willing to recommend this hotel to friends.	
Dec 30 2008 	Blew reservation	Made booking in September after phoning hotel and ensuring they had quiet rooms not facing Cromwell - a very busy street.Confirmed again in October.Got their confirmation reminder again a few days before the visit.Arrived - no room on garden side.But they upgraded us to a noisy &quot;exec&quot; room on street side that was tired with carpet stains etc.We did not stay - I ran around to a few nearby hotels, ended up spending 85 pounds more to get a room at the Holiday Inn on Cromwell.	
Dec 20 2008 	The Cromwell was just as we expected	I agree with all the previous comments this Hotel is in a very good location with the tube nearby and lots of shops and restaurants on the doorstep.the only downside is the size of the room we had 303 which was side facing and there was traffic noise it was also tiny,and Ive got bruises to proove it!The staff were freindly and helpfulFor a short stay though it had everything	
Dec 16 2008 	Small indeed...but excellent	Sat along busy Cromwell St is this little Kensington gem. The hotel is squashed together like a typical London home, but it's a very classy establishment.All areas are stylishly renovated to a high standard, rooms feature everything you need, including large Plasma TVs and smart bathrooms. Breakfast in the basement, whilst simple in choice, is served in a pleasant environment with attentive staff. Round the clock room service is also available with a small selection of items.My room was on the 4th floor, rear facing and was peaceful and comfortable. A great choice, heartily recommended.	
Dec 12 2008 	cool	stayed at hotel at the beginning of December. Very good location. Staff was very friendly and helpful. At last in London I saw breakfast of acceptable quality for reasonable price. Wi-fi free of charge - excellent !of course room was extremely small but this is the case for most of hotels in London of course if you dont stay in ***** hotel.	
Dec 8 2008 	Very pleasant surprise	Usually unimpressed with London hotel rooms this was a very pleasant surprise. Room was an executive double - not enormous but plenty of room for double bed, sofa, easy chair and table as well as chair with dressing table. Everything looks very newly refurbished with lovely bathrooms - good shower, heated mirror, etc.Double glazing was reasonably effective at cutting out the traffic noise and staff extremely helpful throughout.	
Nov 29 2008 	Excellent renovated hotel with a boutique feel	Like most London hotels the rooms are small, especially compared to hotels in the United States, this however is really the only complaint I can make.Location is extremely convenient with Gloucester Road tube station one block away and the surrounding neighborhood is lively (quiet at night though) with lots of restaurants and cafes near by, there is also a nice grocery store directly across the street.The hotel is in an old housing complex (extremely common in London) that appears to be very recently renovated. The inside is clean and modern. Our room was on the 4th floor and had a great view of the street with windows that opened. The room it's self was very clean and had a contemporary style. The bathroom was excellent, clean, had a nice shower, and well lit. Free WiFi is available in the lobby and the hotel rooms.The service was amazing, the staff was always extremely polite and accommodated all our requests. Our flight didn't leave until 10 at night the day we checked out and the hotel held our bags so we could enjoy London during the day.	
Nov 28 2008 	Liked it a lot	Stayed here for three nights at the end of November.For my purposes the room was fine. I was on my own, and got a room on the fifth floor. It had a double bed, shower and flat screen tv. It was facing away from the main road so was quiet.Although the room was small, for me (who was out during the day) it was perfectly acceptable and clean.The lifts only went up to the fourth floor so I had to walk up a flight of stairs. Again it was no problem.I didn't book breakfast there, but there are a load of places round the corner next to Gloucester Road Tube.For the price I would recommend it very much.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Location but very small	My wife and I stayed 8 nights in October at this hotel. Overall, we were pleased with our stay but were getting claustrophobic by the end. Good value for money, but really better suited for a shorter stay. Room was clean, but very small. Very limited space for keeping your clothes - a place to hang some and a shelf or two. There is free wi-fi, a plasma television, and desk (for Room 407, sitting there blocks off the doorway from the bedroom to the entrance area and bathroom - a real nuisance when there is two of you). Location is fantastic for anyone using the Tube, likes museums or going to the park for a walk or run. It is very close to the Gloucester Road station, with a variety of restaurants in the area, and two grocery stores (we used these for picking up food for our own continental breakfasts for about 3 pounds). Hyde Park is only about a 5 minute walk away (very large and enjoyable park), as are the Museum of Natural History, Science Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum. Easy to get to the theatre district.	
Oct 13 2008 	Clean 	My husband and I stayed four nights at The Cromwell. The room was super clean, modern and had a flat screen TV. The bathroom had a full tub with shower. The only downer for the room was the size. It was small. We knew this when we made the reservation, but were still a little surprised when we were not able to fully open the bathroom door because it it hit the foot of the bed. Not a huge deal. We were in London for the sightseeing not for the hotel. The staff was really friendly and they made sure that if we needed anything at all we could ask them. The tube stop was amazily close as were two grocery stores, a pharmacy, a Starbucks and a several cafes and shops it was a great location to base our vacation from.	
Oct 8 2008 	Veal crate with Plasma screen and shower	&quot;Not enough room to swing a cat&quot; said one review. Well, if you did you'd knock it out that's for sure. Room 655 is the size of a veal crate.If you stay in some rooms i'm sure it's fine. Mine was laughably small. You could just about squeeze between the bed and the wall, the bed and the open wardrobe and the bed and the door - and it was claustrophobic beyond belief.They shouldn't be selling these rooms basically unless it's a £30 a night deal.Cold air conditioning but no heat. Fabulous on a cold night!Service was fine but the room is embarassing. Great for agorophobics i'm sure but not for claustraphobics or anyone else for that matter.Pick the right room or go somewhere else.	
Sep 24 2008 	Loved It!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in August and we couldn't have been happier! The location is great. About a five minute walk from the tube at Gloucester Road. Close to two supermarkets if you wanted to buy snacks for the room and close to a great cafe for breakfast if you don't want to pay for the hotel breakfast. The staff were lovely. We were in London for our wedding and they could not have been kinder or more friendly. We stayed in the larger style double room. It was clean and modern and perfect for our needs. We highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay here on our return visits to London and speaking as a bride I was incredibly touched to find fresh flowers and champagne in our room on our wedding day. A thoughtful touch that was very much appreciated. The Manager and his staff really make the place special.	
Sep 16 2008 	Small but perfectly formed	This small hotel was really excellent value for money! The room was bright, modern and spotlessly clean. Although not great for swinging cats it suited two females away for some shopping and sightseeing. Our room was twin bedded and there was enough space to push the beds apart. Tea, coffee facilities and a huge wall mounted flat screen TV. The bathroom was small and neat with everything we needed.Breakfast was the usual but better than many large hotels in that it was super efficient and staff throughout the hotel were very friendly. For a London hotel opposite Gloucester Road tube station it was outstanding value for money!	
Sep 10 2008 	What a gem	What a gem of a hotel. Very clean, modern room and a very helpful, efficient staff. The most pleasant staff we’ve met for a long time, in particular Diana and Vold.The position, too, is good, with a bus stop directly outside to take you into the West End and the Tube almost opposite (Do purchase your daily travel card which covers both buses and tubes)What more could you want in London where most hotels tend to be tired	
Aug 28 2008 	A good stay.	My boyfriend and I travelled to London with a friend couple of ours, and we all stayed at The Cromwell. The other couple received a pretty ok sized room in the basement (with no window), and my boyfriend and I got a room at the top floor, which was tiny, with a tiny window. There were no problems with our room aside from the fact that it was extremely small. It wasn't possible to open the bathroom door all the way because the bed got in the way! But a fine place to rest and sleep after a day in London. The cleaning was always well done.We didn't have breakfast included in our stay, and we chose to eat breakfast somewhere else because the hotel charged £12-13 for full English breakfast, which we thought was quite pricey. The hotel's location in Chelsea/South Kensington is great, so there are lots of good breakfast spots nearby, and only a one minute or so walk to the underground station Gloucester Road. Also lots of shops and museums, like the Natural History Museum and the Science Museum.The staff of the hotel were friendly, helpful and surprisingly young.All in all, a good stay.	
Jul 23 2008 	Just the business!	I stayed one night for a conference in Imperial College. I chose it for its convenience to the tube station and the conference venue.I was very pleased. The hotel was small and quiet, but very welcoming and clean. Seems to have been refurbished recently.The room was small but more than adequate for me alone. It was very clean and well furnished. Staff were welcoming and helpful. Breakfast was fresh and tasty.I would happily stay again.	
Jul 17 2008	Standard double more like a single	I stayed at the Cromwell for 1 week with my husband while he was in London on business. We had booked a standard double via the internet. Lovely hotel, fabulous and friendly staff. The interior is very nice,clean and modern. Our room however, even though very nice, wasn't big enough to swing a cat. We could have coped with it for one night, but we were staying for a whole week and a room that you can't move in without bumping into each other was simply impossible. I measured the room and it was 13 x 8 feet (sorry old school!). With the bed in it, the desk, 2 side tables, wardrobe etc, there was no room for us. We had to walk sideways past the bed to get to the miniscule bathroom and there was absolutely nowhere for our suitcases. I believe this room would be ok for one person for a night or 2, but definately not 2 people for a week. So, after one night of extreme claustrophobia, we upgraded to an executive room, and wow what a difference. We could move at last! Same interior, very nice indeed, and space!! Gloucester road tube station is within 2 minutes walk from the hotel, as is Tesco, Waitrose, Starbucks! (all of which come in handy as there is no restaurant or mini bar). There is a breakfast room however, but we didnt have time for breakfast so can't comment on that. Overall, if that's the part of town you need to be in, then it's a great hotel and surprisingly well priced too.	
Jun 17 2008	Warm and Friendly Welcome	I stayed here with my elderly and disabled mother and received graet service from really kind and friendly staff. They were helpful with mum, held doors open, always had a smile and made the stay an absolute pleasure.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	If i could sum this hotel up in one line it would be &quot;well, i'm definitely staying here again!!&quot; Without a doubt, i wouldn't look at staying anywhere else in London again.My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights (6-7 June), and paid £160 for 2 nights including breakfast. This was the TOTAL price (not each). So really, only £40 each per night. Bargain.It is obvious from the minute you walk up the steps from the road, that the hotel is extremely well maintained, clean, modern and has everything you need. Our bedroom was lovely (maybe a little on the small side, but we were only here to rest our heads), and the bathroom very luxurious with a great, powerful shower. We had a huge flat screen TV opposite the bed, with a good choice of tv channels. The room had tea/coffee making faciltiies, hairdryer, space to hang your clothes, full length mirror - all the things you need to make your weekend run smoothly. Oh, and a paper left outside your room each morning. Great for the boyfriend to read, while i was getting ready!We were on the 4th floor, and i can honestly say, we never heard a peep from anyone during our stay. It was very quiet.The breakfast was served up until 10am, and there was plenty to choose from, and i must say, very delicious.What a fantastic location the hotel is in, too. You can practically hit a tennis ball to the Gloucester Road tube station, it's that close. And Gloucester Road tube is a great one, with 3 of the best lines running through it, so you really can be on your way to all the main attractions within minutes. If you fancy a walk, the Museum of Natural History is less than 5 minutes walk, and the very centre of Knightsbridge (including Harrods) is within 15-20 minutes walk. Some of the buildings along Cromwell Road are divine, and it makes an enjoyable walk.I just can't fault the place. Wish i was still there, and still in London.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location!	I stayed here for 3 nights to see London - As a single female traveller, it was a really friendly small hotel where the staff were very helpful and accommodating. It is so close to the tube station that I felt very safe getting home late at night. The decor is clean, modern and bright, the hotel is extremely comfortable with a warm atmosphere in a lovely old London house. The bathroom was beautiful, very modern and very very clean with a bath, shower and thick white towels. I cannot fault this hotel at all and will definitely be returning!	
Jun 4 2008 	Nice stay at the Cromwell	I just wanted to reiterate what many of the other reviewers have said. I recently stayed at The Cromwell because it met my three criteria: located between Earls Court and South Kensington, reasonably priced and clean. I was not disappointed. The hotel was very modern, the room was clean (although small but that's what it get in London) and there was a small bar area in which to relax and have drinks. I made the reservation through the best western website and paid just over 70 pounds per night for a double room which I thought was very reasonable. I would stay here again.	
May 11 2008 	Great Location Good Stay	Just returned from a last minute trip to London, staying at The Cromwell. Location was excellent - 2 minutes from Gloucester Road Tube and a short walk from Natural History Museum, Science Museum and V&amp;A and the open top bus tour stops/picks up from the bus stop at the tube. Hotel itself was clean, check in was easy. They did ask for a credit card to preauthorise for extras (of which we had none) but gave us a receipt on leaving showing nothing was charged to it and have had no problems. One of our room keys was a bit tempramental (something to do with the magnetic strip) but staff were always helpful and friendly. Room itself was in the basement - nice and quiet as we were between a boardroom and cupboard (much better location in practise than that sounds!). We were a bit concerned about reviews commenting on small room size so had booked an executive room. This was a nice size (though it has 2 twin beds pushed together rather than a double as expedia suggested) and very clean. The bathroom had a brilliant shower and the room was well made up each day. We didn't have breakfast so can't comment but there is a Garfunkels right across the road and the Museums are close enough to have croissants in their cafes before exploring the exhibits.All in all had a really good stay - wanted a nice hotel as a comfortable base for exploring London for a few days and this was perfect. Based on our stay would have no problems recommending it.	
May 8 2008 	Comfy Convenient Hotel	I stayed in this hotel on a short trip to London in Fall, 2007 and found it to be an excellent value for the price I paid. First, all hotels in London (and throughout Europe) are going to be small so do know that space is limited here as it is everywhere else. That aside, the room was comfortable, I had a nice view of the residential area behind the building and the tube is very convenient (the stop is immediately across the street). Wireless internet and flat-screen TVs are big, modern perks here. A tea maker with biscuits replenished each day were also a treat as I didn't have to leave my room for a snack. The bathrooms are large, bright and very clean. My room was always well-stocked with towels throughout my stay. I didn't have much interaction with the staff but my limited experience was good. I had no problem checking in around 10AM (much earlier than my check-in time) and was able to shower and unpack before leaving for the day. Checkout was also no problem. It's about ten minutes (on the tube) to the Oxford Street shops, twenty to Waterloo and the south bank area. My ride to Heathrow was also only about forty minutes.I didn't eat at the hotel but can recommend fish and chips from a pub across the street and there are tons of stores next to the tube. Would certainly tell my friends to stay here and I would stay here again any time!	
May 2 2008 	loved it!!	great hotel, rooms small but recently renovated, if you don't like noise ask for a room at the back on the -1 floor - we stayed here and it was very quiet. staff very helpful and friendly, breakfast good but overpriced (we had it as part of package deal) - italian cafe round the corner opposite tube which does a good breakfast or waitrose over the road if you need a nibble!!. great stay, would definately use again next time in london.	
May 1 2008 	Loved It!!!!	We loved this hotel. The front desk staff was friendly and accomodating, they even allowed us to check in about 3 hours early. The room was small but very clean, comfortable and modern. The Gloucester Road underground station is right across the street which allowed easy access to anywhere in the city. There are plenty of restaurants, cafe's, and places to shop nearby. For the price of this hotel it exceeded our expectations. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 29 2008	Really good Hotel	We booked a twin room which was a good size. The room was lovely and clean. The staff were very polite &amp; helpful.We could leave our luggage. We didn't have breakfast but there are plenty of cafes within walking distance. Good location right by Gloucester Road Underground station.It's noisy but that's the area.Would recommend a stay there.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great little hotel great location	Spent a night there with my husband and son. Hotel is in a great location for the Royal Albert Hall where we were spending an evening and also good for the tube for other locations.Hotel staff were extremely efficient and pleasant. Breakfast was excellent and the rooms we had, although small, were beautifully clean. Would stay there again without a doubt.	
Feb 4 2008	Great hotel	We stayed two nights en route to rugby at Twickenham. Yes the room was small but that didn`t matter as we only wanted somewhere to sleep. We found the staff very helpful and the room spotless. For central London the price was good and we would not hesitate to stay there again. No breakfast so we can`t comment on that.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great Location small rooms but overall pretty good........ for London	For London, the Cromwell Hotel is a hidden gem, a reasonably that is very modern.The rooms in the hotel are very small, absolutely fine if you're on business or if you're sightseeing in London, if you want to spend large amounts of time relaxing in your room, the Cromwell isn't for you, but if you want a clean comfortable hotel with free wi-fi and a decent breakfast (including a free newspaper!), you should try the Cromwell.I have had been unlucky enough to pay the same amount as I did at the Cromwell, in other London hotels, and the Cromwell stands out as the best hotel I have stayed in, in this price bracket for a long time.	
Jan 23 2008	Horrible Experience - Do Not Recommend	I arrived at The Cromwell around 9:00 a.m. on November 22, 2007 for one night's stay. I had chosen this hotel because I had actually stayed there in June/July 2007 and had had a positive experience, even wrote a positive review on TripAdvisor.Upon arrival, they assigned me room 501 and took my luggage in for storage as it was early in the day and the room was not ready. I warned them that I would likely come back very late in the day as I was planning to go to Windsor Castle and then catch a show at night in London.Thus, it was with utter shock that when I came back around 11:00 p.m. that day, ready for a good night's sleep, to be told by the front desk guy, whose name was Asim, that my room had been given away. We went back to the storage, and, indeed, there was my suitcase with a tag with the Room # 501, and yet I had no place to stay. Asim started assuring me that he would have me transported to another hotel. I was very upset, though, because the hotel knew I was in, so how could I be left without a room, having made a reservation on July 31, and having presented myself in person early in the morning. While I have been to London many times, I was not familiar with the locations of the hotels Asim was proposing. Asim was saying that these would be 5-star hotels, yet somehow, it all did not sound credible. I had selected The Cromwell strategically for its proximity to the subway and ease of access to Harrod's where I had planned to shop in the morning prior to taking off for my other European destination.I got really upset and started demanding that I speak with the owner. Asim had mentioned at one point that the same owner owned the other hotel where he was planning to have me transferred, and that it was OK if I paid a discounted rate at this supposedly 5-star other hotel. I demanded that I speak with the owner, and stated that I was refusing to be moved to another hotel. At this point, we had been arguing back and forth for about 2 hours, since Asim was the only personnel at the hotel, and my discussion for accommodation was constantly being interrupted by guest requests. The later it got, the more upset I got, considering that I had not slept in over 36 hours.So, given the extreme aggravation, I said I was expecting them to put me up for free and that I was demanding to speak with the owner. I had to make this request multiple times and be extremely insistent. Finally, Asim, who in his own way was trying to be helpful, told me to pick up my suitcase and follow him out of the building. We went next door, and it was a building under renovation, with enough contruction dust on the window panes to accommodate a creative graffiti artist. I started getting horrible visions that this was Asim's 5-star hotel, and began protesting that I would not stay there. Asim assured me that this is where the hotel owner slept. He kept banging on the door, and I joined him in the effort. Sure enough, the owner, by the name of Andre, soon emerged in his underwear and clearly was very sleepy, given the time of the day, or, rather, very early morning. Andre immediately suggested that I should be put up at another hotel. Asim said that at this point I was refusing to pay. First, Andre said that, of course, I had to pay. But when I explained the circumstances of how poorly his hotel, The Cromwell, had treated me, since I had been there in person, and I had left my luggage, he agreed that indeed I should just be taken care of. He was most gracious at that point.Asim called a cab that the hotel paid for, and I was taken to the Lord Jim Hotel in the Earl's Court area of London. Lord Jim turned out to be a 2-star hotel. Luckily, the front desk gentleman, who was French, was very nice and accommodating to me. I arrived at the Lord Jim past 1:30 a.m., so unless you want to take a chance at a hotel that could overbook you, as they did me, steer clear.	
Jan 22 2008 	Tiny room but good price	If you're looking for anything more than a place to sleep at night, I wouldn't recommend this place, but it served its purpose for me.I ended up on the first floor (although I asked for a higher floor) because the elevator was broken and my suitcase was about 50 pounds. The room I got was set up like a flat, with a miniature landing with one room to the bedroom and one room to the bathroom.The bedroom itself was tiny - there was barely room in my room for a bed and desk. The setup with the bathroom was a little inconvenient in the middle of the night, as the doors were pretty heavy.Since I was on the ground floor, there was quite a bit of noise from the street as well, and I had a nice view of the adjacent building's wall.The breakfast was okay, but a little awkward to find, and a staff member watched me the whole time I was eating. The location was pretty convenient. It was within walking distance to many sites, and very close to the tube and a grocery store (a must in London - restaurants are just too expensive!)	
Nov 14 2007 	Great Experience	Date - 7 -12 / Nov 07this is my first time to visit London, the hotel could add to me a lot of comfort.very clean , nice internet free, but the small single room.the staff is very lovable &amp; helpful.	
Oct 22 2007	Good quality for nice price	Nicely renovated in 2007 with modern furniture including 32&quot; large flatscreens and good bathroom. Not the old-fashioned English style carpets, etc.. Rooms are rather small like any other hotel in London, so I took a double room for myself (only 10 pounds more) which is o.k. Friendly staff. Continental breakfast is basic, English breakfast is (if you like it) good.	
Oct 13 2007 	Very friendly staff	Hotel staff extremely friendly and welcoming on arrival and departure - maybe they've listened to the previous reviewer?Everywhere very clean, the place must have been recently refurbished.Room was VERY small but perfectly clean and cosy. It had free wifi access, large LCD TV on wall, tea/coffee and compimentary newspaper. Bed was comfortable too. A decent hot breakfast the next morning rounded my brief stay off nicely.The property's big selling point is it's location, in lively area good for tourists and business people alike. Right opposite Gloucester Rd tube station and a short walk to museums, shops, bars and restaurants.As a frequent traveller to London, this place easily makes it onto my list of preferred hotels.	
Oct 5 2007 	Worst Hotel I have ever experienced	If you expect a warm welcome go somewhere else. As a woman struggling with a large suitcase approaching the glass entrance door saw a young male staff member who simply stood there with his hands behind his back watching me. When I finally struggled through the door we were greeted at the front desk with 'You can't book in here now!' to which I replied 'Good morning' . Rudeness is an art form here. Also you will go mad in the room which is no more than a cell - clean but a cell.	
Jul 22 2007 	Business trip	Short business trip on 1 nigths stay. Very nice and helpful staff. The day I checked out, they looked out for my luggage the whole day, until I left for the airport.Breakfast was ok.Just what I expected, when I booked.	
Jul 19 2007 	Lovely decor tiny room	The hotel had only just re-opened when I stayed - they were still finishing off some of the fittings. It's just minutes away from Gloucester Road tube station, restaurants and supermarkets. The staff were very polite and tried their best but were inexperienced and struggled to cope with the computer system. The decor is very modern, with white linen on a comfortable bed, a plasma TV, modern bathroom and tea/coffee facilities. However, you can't get the kettle properly under the sink tap to fill it! A good shower but no hot water for several hours in the evening. The room was tiny, right at the top of the hotel overlooking the main road which was busy and noisy. I had a double bed, but really there was only just enough space for a single - two people would struggle to move around the room. The storage wouldn't cope with anything bigger than a small case. The room rate included a buffet breakfast which was ok - bacon and eggs, yogurts, pastries, toast etc.	
Jul 15 2007	Smallest room in the world	Quite possibly the smallest room in the world.Hotel is redeemed somewhat by pleasant staff, great location, 32&quot; plasma TV and an ample breakfast (included in our rate).But really - more than 1 person in this room is a push. Also rooms overlooking Cromwell Rd can be noisy.	
Jul 12 2007 	Such a shame - great staff bad hotel	Booked the hotel through late rooms on a great deal of around £100 a night. Couldn't find out much info about the hotel as new and as London was v busy (Wimbledon, Tour de France) booked it anyway - really wish we hadn't!For the first night I was put in room 205 which was TINY. And I mean TINY. The decor was contemporary and the big tv was great but it was just a very small room (barely enough space to walk around the bed). As it was just me on my own for the first night it wasn't too much of a problem (although there wasn't enough room to work at the desk so had to lie on the bed and work!) and I wanted a bath but there was only a shower in the bathroom. The room was also noisy. It was at the back of the hotel which meant there was no road noise, which was good, but the air conditioning vent in the ceiling was obviously just underneath the upstairs room bathroom (I heard everything) and they were decorating the room below so I didn't sleep well. When my boyfriend arrived for the following 2 nights we realised the room was way too small for 2 people (no space for our bags!). When we asked to move due to the noise the staff were lovely (although they said that a few people had complained about the room!!) and couldn't move us for the 2nd night (hotel was full) but could for our last night.The 2nd room (303 I think) was slightly bigger but unfortunately was quite noisy as the window was broken and wouldn't shut properly (we'd moved due to the noise and they put us in a noisier room which I thought was weird). We informed them in the morning and the staff again were wonderful and apologised. The staff were great but I wouldn't stay here again as the rooms are too tiny and noisy. There are plenty of hotels around this area that are better for the same price. The hotel is still not finished (still working on some rooms, wires everywhere all weekend and the bar at one point was swamped with curtains!) and I miss extras like a mini bar in the room (especially when you have to wait 20 minutes to get served at the bar as they keep leaving to check people in!), also couldn't see sign of room service (there might have been some but no menu anywhere!) and a bath.Sadly the staff and service are great but on another level to the hotel. Booking this hotel was one risk I won't be repeating.	
Nov 9 2009 	lamentable		
Sep 28 2009 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Aug 30 2009 	???????		
Aug 29 2009 	????		
Aug 24 2009 	Très pratique		
Aug 20 2009 	stanze piccole ma per il resto molto bene		
Aug 9 2009 	agréable		
Jun 8 2009 	?????????????????????		
Apr 28 2009 	perfetto!!!		
Mar 5 2009 	Très propre et bien situé		
Jan 25 2009 	Très bon hôtel		
Jan 13 2009 	muy bien para lo que me esperaba de Londres		
Dec 29 2008 	qualita'/prezzo/ubicazione : Ottimo		
Aug 4 2008 	Ottimo per brevi soggiorni		
Jul 22 2008	Hotel ideale per una breve sosta a Londra		
Jul 15 2008 	Delusione da un best and western		
Jun 13 2008 	Attaccato alla metro		
Jul 12 2007	Très très bien		
