Nov 1 2009 	Perfect hotel and staff	We stayed here with our 5 year old. From the moment we arrived the staff were welcoming, friendly and very helpful. Yes we had to use the self service check in but the lovely lady on reception actually did most of it for us. The room was at the back of the hotel so quiet enough. The whole hotel was spotless. Bed comfy and air conditioning in the room very welcome.Plenty of choice at breakfast. The restaurant isn't huge but tables became free often enough that no one was waiting for more than 5 minutes for one.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent value for money	Good location, cheap, clean and spacious room, helpfull staff.The hotel is situated just 5 min walk from the Earls Cort Tube station. It is easy to get arround in London from this station.The rooms were clean and very spacious compared to other London hotels. God beds and a little flatscreen tv in the room made it even better.The only thing i have to complain about is the breakfast.Very little breakfast room, had to wait for a table. The food was ok, but i missed some cheese, ham, boiled eggs etc instead of just the traditional English breakfast.But other then that it was excellent!	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent value for money	We paid 49GBP per night for three nights booking via the Premier Inn website specials.For this price we got a clean and comfortable room and bathroom. A handy location for the tube and high street with a few decent pubs and restaurants. All of this in London!The staff are friendly and helpful but very insistent on ensuring guests use the self serve check in system. The buffet breakfast was very good (an additional 8GBP per person).In summary this hotel was excellent value for money and we would stay here again.	
Oct 25 2009 	Couldn't have been better	Just got back from a quick trip. Stopped here for 2 nights for under £100. Staff very friendly and helpful, Room spotless. Usually a Travelodge visitor but I think I'm converted.This is a great hotel, close to the tube, a few pubs, restaurants and takeaways to choose from,Quiet, comfy, squeaky clean, air conditioned room and I still can't get over how nice the staff were.Congratulations Premier Inn, you have some very happy customers.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value	The staff here are delightful and can't do enough for you. They all seemed so cheerful although very busy. Room very clean as were the facilities. Super, convenient location. We had a great deal for two nights.	
Oct 19 2009 	all you need when traveling with family	Once again, i got a good offer from premierinn.com website and we stayed this time 3 nights Kensington Olympia with a price of 49 GBP/night for a family room (4 persons). Not bad.Premier Inn's concept seems to be to provide the very basics: comfortable rooms with no extra, so you will not find folded toilet papers, vanity kits etc. from your room. However, this was enough for traveling with family and would be ok for me also if i was travelling in business. We had very spacious room with 4 full-sized beds, flat-screen TV, coffee making facilities and bathroom. Hotel is refurbished recently and it appeared to be very clean. Staff was very helpful and having kids with us was absolutely no problem. Cromwell Road is very busy and the noise problem is tackled with extra sliding glass in front of the windows (see the picture). Very efficient airconditioning will be a good plus in warm seasons (as you can not open the window). Both the main entrance and elevators open with a card-key so I felt the place was also secureThis property is located along major road in west Kensington area with convenient access (5 minutes walk) to underground station and 2 minutes walk to nearest bus stops with service to kensington area attractions(Victoria and Albert museum, natural History Museum, Hyde Park and kensington gardens, Harrod's etc.). Really good experience and I would definetely stay here again when i visit London.Pros:-Price/quality-Clean-30 minutes from Heathrow airport by underground-Good restaurants and grocery stores nearby-Kids eat free breakfast (7.99 for adults)-Efficient self service check-in Cons:-Morning traffic might wake you up if you prefer to sleep late-No iron/board, safe, minibar in the room-Building is old and floor is making some noise	
Oct 9 2009 	A great hotel for the price in London	This hotel is close to the Earls Court Tube stop and on the Picadilly line which goes directly to Heathrow. We thought the hotel was an excellent bargain and very nice. The staff was particularly very pleasant and so helpful.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good location for olympia and earls court.	Good for what it is, ideal for business trip withing this area. Rooms were ok and very clean.	
Oct 1 2009 	Disappointed with head office	We have been using Premier (Travel) Inns since they first appeared on the scene and have always been satisfied until recently.On a recent family vacation throughout the UK, we once again stayed at many Premier Inns often booking three rooms per night. I booked my son and his fiance into the new London, Kensington location for three nights.When we all got home he told me of items going missing from their luggage in the room. The cost of the items is not important but the thought that staff would be snooping through luggage and taking things is.I wrote to head office several weeks ago explaining the situation and received a standard form letter back saying I would hear from them within fourteen days. To date I am still waiting. I expect more from Premier Inns and the head office in particular. Is this the new standard for them?	
Sep 25 2009 	Great hotel if you just want the basics	My wife and I stayed here for a week in September 2009 along with out four month old twins. We had spent a lot of time on TripAdvisor searching for relatively cheap hotels that had good reviews and most of the Premier Travel Inns came near the top of the lists. We chose this one because it was fairly central, close to a tube station, had it's own restaurant and we knew that it would be of a good standard. The price was expensive compared to Premier Travel Inns elsewhere but compared to London it was pretty cheap.The hotel is situated on a main road but noise wasn't a problem, it was only five minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station. We had a double pram with us which meant we appreciated the disabled access throughout the hotel, although in practice it was quicker to lift the pram up and down the few steps.All the staff were very helpful and friendly (having babies, especially having two seems to help here!). The family room we had booked was spotlessly clean and very spacious. OK, it wasn't luxurious but you know what to expect from a chain hotel like this and it was exactly what we needed.The breakfasts (which you have to pay extra for) were fantastic. Eat as much as you like from a choice of cereals, fruit, cooked breakfast, pastries. We were expecting to have to eat in their restaurant in the evenings due to having to get our babies to bed early but it turned out that we didn't eat there at all. We went to some of the (many) local restaurants, fed the babies while we looked at the menus, then they went to sleep in the pram leaving us to have a leisurely meal. I would recommend Orjowan, a Lebanese restaurant just off Earls Court Road.Overall we couldn't have been happier with this hotel.	
Sep 13 2009	Excellent Value for Money	I recently stayed at the Premier Inn for four days with my Mother and sister. Unfortunately we had to visit London for a family bereavement and booked this hotel as it was the only place we could stay for 4 consecutive nights from Friday to Tuesday. The rooms were very comfortable. My sister and myself shared a twin room which had a large double and a single bed. The first night we were at the front of the hotel and although the traffic noise didn't bother me my sister didn't sleep very well. We asked to be moved the next morning to the back of the hotel and it was much quieter. We ended up with an even bigger room so we were very happy.My mother's double room wasn't very large but she found it quite comfortable and it was also situated at the back of the hotel overlooking the garden area.We ate in the hotel for three of our four nights and the food was excellent. A good selection and reasonable portions. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the Earls Court Road which is a ten minute walk from the hotel. There is also a large Tesco a 5 minute walk away in the other direction which is open 24 hours.The staff were very pleasant indeed and we must make special mention of Swati and Amy who were particularly helpful and kind.Two very minor gripes were the service in the restaurant on the Monday evening which was very slow - there appeared to be only one girl who was serving in the bar and the restaurant so our order took a long time to arrive. Also in our second room part of the wooden frame came away from the door so we couldn't put our chain on at night. However it was still possible to lock the door so it wasn't a major problem but as the hotel had recently been refurbished this was a bit of a surprise!!However overall I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to family and friends - but if you are sensitive to noise then remember to ask for a room on the top floor at the back of the hotel !!	
Sep 8 2009 	ottima sistemazione	spacious room, clean and very new! also location perfect close to earl's court tube station.i'll come back.Roberto	
Sep 8 2009 	Fine for the purpose	I stayed here for one night before a business meeting the next day. I know London well - lived there for over 30 years - and decided it was a convenient area to stay in to get to South Ken museums, near OK restuarants etc.Check in was fine - the receptionist took my printed confirmation and put in the details for me so I just had to check that it was all OK &amp; pay. I had a comfortable quiet room - bigger than I expected, with large bathroom including a bath. Breakfast was rather overpriced for what was on offer - it was OK but nothing special and the room was quite small, though plenty of room when I was there. All staff were friendly and helpful.	
Sep 5 2009 	Ideal location for visiting Kensington area	I recently stayed overnight with my husband and 8 year old son. Location was ideal for Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park which is a lovely 20 min walk away via Kensington High Street. Earls Court Station is a 5-10 min walk or the No 74 Bus takes you towards Natural History Museum/Harrods.On arrival our room was ready (we arrived at 12.00pm, taxi was £12 from Victoria) Unlike previous Premier Inns you have to use the touch screen computer to check yourselves in. The receptionist was helpful and talked us through it. You are then issued your receipt and room cards. We had a family room in the basement, not a good view but it was only one night and we only slept in there. Bathroom was clean but small. Storage space was adequate for one night. Beds as usual were extremely comfy. Breakfast was £7.95 and kids eat free. It is buffet and there was plenty of choice, though it could be crowded at times as area is small, plus they kept running out of cups. Young lad on Breakfast duty worked extremely hard and was very pleasant. We waited only 5 mins to be seated but the queues were growing when we had finished our breakfast which was about 9.30am.This was our second trip to London and I chose this Hotel because of it's location to Kensington, an area we didn't cover on our first visit.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good deal for London standard!	First time visiting London and stayed for 4 nights, and this hotel definitely didn't disappoint. Located around 10 mins from the Earl's Court tube station which was at the edge of zone 1 and around 30 mins to get to city centre. There were lots of restaurants and stores around the station so it was at a convenient and safe location. Stayed in a twin room and the room was neat and clean, though there was one double bed and one single bed for the twin room. Got breakfast for 2 mornings and in my opinion it was a bit overpriced. The breakfast was all you can eat and was alright and there are different selections, but one can definitely find similar quality food near the station for around half the price. In room wifi was experience but there was a McDonald's near the station which offered free wifi. Overall a good experience at the hotel ad would recommend to anyone visiting London.	
Aug 24 2009 	a really good hotel	we visited London for the weekend with our 4 year old, wanted a hotel near to the museums and this was prefect. Have stayed in many top London hotels before and this was up with them! Great service; check in was easy, staff very friendly and room was large enough for the three of us. Food was excellent and location meant a 10/15 minute walk to the National History/Science Museums. Would definately go back, great little find	
Aug 12 2009 	Wonderful staff excellent accomodation for families	Stayed for 3 nights with our 2 daughters, 10 and 12 yrs old. We were greeted by a friendly and helpful member of staff. We were able to book in 2 hours before the normal 2pm booking in because the room was ready. This was very much appreciated has we had started out early that morning and the girls were tired. The room was large anough for the 4 of us. The girls beds were full size singles which makes a change to having a mattress slung on the floor which has been our experience with other family rooms in other hotel chains.I understand the place has recently been refurbished so we found everything well maintained and clean.Over the weekend we met a large number of staff and each and everyone of them couldnt have been more helpful and they are a credit to the Premier Inn.The breakfast is good value at £7.95 for a self service buffet with a selection of hot and cold breakfast options. Costa coffee on tap which was an added bonus! For each paying adult a child eats free which means the family had a substantial breakfast for just over £3.00 each - bargain.The hotel is situated on Cromwell Road and about 5-10 minute walk from Earls Court underground and plenty of nearby bus stops which makes getting around the sights of London very easy. It is a 10-15 minute walk from Olympia and has a number of good restaurants nearby.Highly recommended and will be visiting again in December.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent choice for family	We stayed with two boys, 11 &amp; 13 and they both had single beds in a good sized, clean room. Good location for family, you can walk to Natural History / Science museum and V&amp;A. It is also close to Earls Court tube station and plenty of eating places.Very friendly and helpful staff.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good place to stay but spoilt by unhelpfulness of some staff	We stayed here for 1 night (August 5th) as we had a dinner engagement in Central London and a business meeting the next morning nearby. I had booked the room online on the Premier Inn website. When I got off the Tube at Earl's Court to look at my reservation confirmation to see the address I found that although the email said &quot;see below for address &amp; map&quot;, there was no address or map printed on it, nor hotel telephone number, which really are the things you need on a hotel confirmation! I had to stand in the street for about 10 minutes trying to get online with my mobile phone to find the hotel website and work out the route.We arrived at the hotel pretty sweaty and tired out after our 2-hour struggle across London tube/train system to get to Kensington and when we walked in through the door we were greeted by 2 very friendly reception staff who asked us if we'd come to check in. We said yes and the reception guy said that we had to check in on the self-service computer check-in. This involved rummaging in our bags to find our booking reference number, typing this into the machine - the letter &quot;O&quot; on the touchscreen keyboard didn't work very well so we ended up typing in RBSN so of course it couldn't find our reservation. During the whole process the reception guy was just standing watching us. I asked that, since he was actually there, could he just check us in himself rather than watching us doing it? But apparently the answer was no, he couldn't. Note to Premier Inn management: Why have a receptionist at all if they can't check us in? Anyway, we finally got the machine to accept our entry and it duly dispensed paperwork and 2 room keys (my husband was impressed with that bit!).The hotel has a nice bar on the ground floor and after we had taken our bags upstairs we came down again for a nice cool drink to cool down. The barman (same guy who had checked us in) was very friendly and helpful.Later, we went out for dinner, and came back about 12:30am. At this point there were 3 staff on reception. The bar was closed so my husband and I went to the vending machine in the lobby to get some bottled water to take up to our rooms for the night. After we'd put our money in, and our bottle didn't come out, once of the receptionists came to tell us the machine was broken, so we couldn't get anything from it. I asked if we could get 2 bottles of water from the bar, to take up to our room, but no, &quot;the bar is closed now&quot; she said. I asked if it was possible for her just to get us 2 bottles of water, we didn't want any alcoholic drinks, it was purely that we wanted water for our room because the vending machine didn't work. Again the reply was a blunt &quot;No.&quot; Hang on a minute - so you're saying we can't have any water in our room overnight? It had been 27 degrees in London that day and we thought it was likely to be warm in our room if they turned the a/c off at night. Then she said that if I wanted water, I could go to Tesco's up the road to buy some. Bear in mind it is just after midnight - do I really want to be walking the streets of Kensington at that time of night? I asked if one of the members of staff could go and get some water as they weren't able to supply it from the hotel - again the answer was no. Never an apology, never any offer to help in any way, just no. They did finally say that the water in the bathroom taps was drinkable - which may well be true, and is actually what I ended up doing, but how ridiculous that a hotel in London cannot provide its guests with simple mineral water on one of the warmest nights in recent weeks, without any hint of apology. As we turned to go to the lift to go upstairs, one of the guys in reception said &quot;thank you for being such great guests&quot;, which I have to say riled us quite a bit. However, we went to bed, where, as suspected, although we went to bed with the a/c on, I woke up at 3am boiling alive and the a/c was off. Sipping warm hotel bathroom tap water was not a consolation to me. Another note to Premier Inn management: If something goes wrong in your hotel and you can't supply a basic service, try to do something about it rather than just keep saying &quot;No, I can't help you.&quot;All in all, this spoilt our stay, as the rest of the hotel was fine, the other staff were all helpful and friendly, the breakfast was good (although it cost extra), and I would have otherwise said it was excellent value for money. Just make sure if you stay there that you get some water from Tesco's beforehand!	
Jul 21 2009 	Clean Convenient Quiet Comfortable for family. Very nice staff	We traveled with 2 little kids - 6 and 4, and enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The tube station is close by, so are shops and few restaurants. Nice neighborhood to walk around, and pretty central to get around the city. Beds were very comfortable. Kids had pull out bed, and was comfortable for them. Restrooms very clean and shower was great.A small refrigerator/microwave would have been nice, but that is just about the only things that we could complain about. Would certainly recommend to friends!	
Jul 19 2009 	Clean rooms excellant staff convenient location	Stayed 4 days when visiting London in June 2009. Had a family room that had comfortably sleeps 2 adults, 2 kids. Room was very basic, but was clean, comfortable and quiet. Staff was very friendly and helped with whatever request we made.Location is convenient since it is walking distance from Earl's court underground stationand all the restaurants on Earl's court road. Access to bus service is also very convenient. If you are staying here with small children, take them to Holland park playarea; My kids loved it.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Quality for the Price	LOCATIONBasically on the corner of Cromwell and Earl’s Court, this hotel is approximately 7 minutes from Earl’s Court Metro, and very close to the museum’s. The area itself is a little shady, but we found it safe enough to wander around after dark. Taking the tube, we were 25 minutes from the Soho district. One night (2am) we tried to order pizza, but the concierge informed us that no nearby pizza places were open!ROOMSI believe we got the handicap room. The washroom was extra large with all the facilities at a lower height than average. The room was spacious, clean and everything was functional, including the air-conditioning. Oddly enough though, there was no clock in the room so we had to rely on our cellphones. Maid service was lacking. They provided new towels, but on two occasions missed our dirty mugs.HOTELThe check-in process was easy and there was always someone at concierge to assist. The lobby had a coffee bar and a restaurant – we tried neither, but they seemed nice.COCLUSIONThis is a great hotel for the price and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great service	I stay in Premier Inns or similar fairly regularly for work but I was very impressed with the service I recieved at this particular hotel. The lady on the check in desk was very helpful, polite and could not do enough to ensure I had everyhting I needed. The room was good - I find that Premier Inns are always clean, modern and have good facilities anyway. The thing that made this stand out was the great customer service which is rare at a budget hotel chain. Thanks!	
Jul 16 2009 	Good Hotel Location ok	Stayed in this hotel for 1 night while in London. 5 people (2 adults 3 children age 13, 11, 7) had to get 2 rooms, but felt we could have dealt with 1. Unfortunately not many hotels in England allow for more than 4 people in a room. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We arrived a little earlier than normal check in but were able to get at least 1 of our rooms easily. The other was available shortly after and they were right beside each other.The staff was helpful in check in etc, but when I asked about the area, I was given some very basic miss information. The closest Tube Station is Earls Court, but the hotel advised a different one, which (in our walking around the area) we discovered was not the closest. There is little to know shopping in the area, some, but not much, but again we were not given correct information about this either, as we learned on our taxi trip back to the train station. if you are looking for a place to stay close to traditional London site seeing areas, this is not the place. However, we did more of our site seeing via London Black cabs, which actually made it worth it.	
Jul 13 2009 	Comfortable clean close enough to Tube	Was booked at Premier Inn London Kensington but was brought by the taxi to Premier Inn Olympia. Turned out OK since Olympia was just newly renovated and clean. Newer but slightly farther than Premier London Kensington. The place itself is quiet but it is only 10 min (leisurely walk) to Earls Court Station, which has lots of restaurants &amp; internet cafes nearby. (Hotel internet more expensive.) Also has access to good buses going to town.No major complaints. The place is simple but clean and comfortable. Good enough for the price (by London standards).Note that breakfast is the same everyday - so perhaps just get it for the first day. Cheaper and more varied options outside (near Earls Court station).	
May 28 2009 	Must get up early in this hotel or your room will not be cleaned!	I stayed at the hotel from 4 May to 6 May! On the morning of 5 May, the housekeeping staff entered my room at sround 12 noon when I was still sleeping! I had a NO DISTURBANCE sign hanging outside! I went out at around 1pm removing the NO DISTURBANCE sign! I return at around 10 pm only to find my room NOT cleaned up! The hotel staff then told me there would be no housekeeping after 4 pm! But I told her there was ample time for them to clean my room! I think this is totally unacceptable! I did not pursue further because I would be leaving the next morning and I was very tired then! After I return to Hong Kong, I send them a complaint letter! However, I am still wating for their response!	
May 28 2009 	Absolutely fantastic	Booked Premier Inn Kensington originally upon reading the good reviews. Changed to this one at Olympia after learning the other one is undergoing renovations.I can't fault anything about this hotel. The family room with double bed and sofa bed is spacious (a big relief after reading reviews about other London hotels with small rooms), modern and clean. Bathroom is big and shower pressure is strong. Staff are friendly and eager to help. All you can eat breakfast is great value as my daughter eats free (probably a tag expensive for travellers with no children).I don't normally write reviews but felt compelled to do so as we enjoyed our stay so much.	
Apr 22 2009 	A gem - great value good sized family room spotless good location!	Hotel is recently refurbished - so everything brand new and spotlessly clean. Family room (large very comfortable double bed, sofa bed and fold bed) was larger than expected for a London room. Tea/Coffee making facilties a welcome bonus. Stayed for 2 nights, so did not have much luggage, but wardrobe space seemed adequate. Bathroom spotless and good towels, soap/shower gel dispenser on walls. Location is excellent - just over 5 mins from Earls Court Tube Station and about 10 mins from Kensington High Street. Pleny of restaurants nearby both on Earls Court Road and Kensington. Plenty of choice for breakfast - cereals, breads, toast and cooked breakfast. Kids loved the muffins and also great costa coffee! Staff friendly and helpful. Could not find a single fault with stay - I have stayed in many 4 star hotels at a much higher price and certainly felt that this hotel in its current newly refurbished state offers much better value than most other 3 or 4 star hotels in this area.	
Apr 15 2009 	Fantastic value for money	I stayed there for Easter with my wife and 2 children.The hotel have been refurbished in february so it is completely new, and you immediately see it.The staff is really friendly and ready to help you anytime. Always with smile...very nice.Room was large enough for us, very clean.The breakfast was very good, surely something to enjoy.Finally the location: just 10 minutes walk from Earl's Court station on the Piccadilly line that connects you to central London and to Heathrow. Many restaurants in the area: I recommend to try Kensington Arms, very close to the hotel, nice and modern inside, friendly staff and good food.A fantastic stay!	
Mar 27 2009 	Good value for London but very small double room	The bottom line is that we would stay in a Premier Inn again and this Premier Inn again, but only for a day or two. We stayed for 7 nights and this was too long for such the double room, even with the understanding that London rooms are small in general (think Manhattan).This was our first time in a Premier Inn and this review is from an American perspective - but we have travelled in Europe numerous times.Cons: Double room really sleeps two, but sits one. There is one chair and if you'd like to relax in your room after being on your feet all day, one of you will have to sit on the bed. The one chair can be angled to see the TV. (Sorry we didn't bring the camera.) Next time we shop for a London hotel room we will more carefully analyse the square footage (and ceilings were low). We brought our own shampoo, conditioner and soap since it's a foam dispenser at the sink and a dispenser in the bath/shower. Hairdryer is next to the tea kettle, so glad to have it but wierd drying your hair in the room rather than the bathroom. The bed for OK, but no fitted sheet so the bottom sheet slides around a bit and the bed is on rollers, so it will move if you bump it. Single duvet with sheet covering (seems to be all the rage everywhere) is not helpful to us as we get too hot under a duvet. We were able to control the temperature in the room, but would have preferred sheet and blanket. Walls are thin and you can hear very well between rooms. Other guests were not loud and it was quiet for sleeping, but not very private feeling. The neighborhood is pretty busy so while it was fine for tube, eating out, safety, it was not charming for walking around, busy traffic in nearby streets. TV channels from a US perspective were fine but we would consider it more like over the air than cable, FYI.Pros: Bathroom for fine sized with tub and shower and decent sized towels. Clean, value priced room and service was helpful and kind. Internet in lobby was 3 pounds for an hour (on sale apparently) and convenient. LIghts on each side of the bed for reading where excellent. Neighborhood is terrific for cheaper to medium priced and delicious meals and a couple of pubs nearby (masala zone, nandos, GBK etc). You have to cross a couple of busy streets to get to the main drag near Earl's Court but it was fine if you don't have a couple of small children in tow, and nice to be staying a little away from the main drag. Housekeeping was great, changing sheets occasionally without us begging for it (also seems to be the rage these days). Single window, but it opened for fresh air and didn't face a wall or anything. So again, we would definitely stay again and would recommend this to anyone for a day or two. If you need to stay longer, stay if this is the only way you can afford it, but we'd pay a little extra for more space (maybe get the bigger room here, but I didn't get the impression it was much bigger).	
Mar 2 2009 	Perfect Premier Inn	I have used Premier Inn in Belfast and Manchester and been really impressed with their quality, service and value for money. However I was anxious about using this hotel as it has just opened (last week) and there were no reviews available. I needn't have worried though because the hotel has been completely refurbished and the same standards as I'd experienced before applied. The Premier Inn London Kensington Olympia was extremely modern, clean and bright and as always the staff were really friendly and helpful, in particular Amy. The location of this hotel (formerly a Comfort Inn) was perfect for us being just a 5/7 minute walk from Earls Court tube station where we caught the Piccadilly line to Heathrow. The walk to the hotel took us along two main roads which were busy and very safe. We went into Convent Garden at night for dinner but there was actually a great choice of restaurants and bars very close to the hotel.The purpose of my trip was to take my son to see Chelsea at Stamford Bridge and the hotel was perfect as the ground was only two stops away on the tube. All in all we had a great time and I would thoroughly recommend this new addition to the Premier Inn Chain.	
Nov 3 2009 	Perfetto in tutto!		
Oct 27 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 27 2009 	ottima sistemazione per famiglie con bambini		
Jul 17 2009 	Gutes und sauberes Hotel freundliche Angestellte		
Apr 27 2009 	Très bien		
Apr 26 2009 	Hotel agreable		
