Sep 5 2009	It's a fine place to stay as a tourist visiting London	My goal was to stay at a B&amp;B-style hotel, and the Crescent Hotel worked out fine. I would definitely stay again.It's in a quite area. There are hospitals nearby, so you might hear ambulances. Our room was small, but we didn't ask for anything large. A room with two twin beds and en suite toilet, sink and shower was just right.Wireless internet is available, but you must pay six pounds for three days' use.Breakfast had a fine assortment of typical English choices.There are two underground stations nearby, quite convenient, both on the Picadilly line to Heathrow. Plus, being close to St. Pancras Kings Cross means being close to the trains.The office provided a safe deposit box for free, large enough for passports or iPods but not large enough for a laptop computer.For a short stay there are enough restaurants, pubs and stores around the corner.The price for a room was £100 per night. While high in general, this is typical for central London, so my score for value is relative to the rates I saw for similar hotels.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good Location and Comfortable Enough	As other reviews have stated, the location is perfect – near two stations and within walking distance of the British Museum. Our room, a triple with bathroom (shower only), was comfortable and quite large, but there seems to be a variety of room sizes. The hotel offers some sense of staying in a British home. The internet was down one day, a British Telecom problem that affected a wide area. Disadvantages: no lift and the breakfast room was crowded and sometimes full.	
Jul 16 2009 	nice and quiet hotel	very nice hotel in the centre of london. there is a small park in front of the hotel and a very nice pub (the name is &quot;lord john russel&quot;) just around the corner. the rooms was big enough for two people, clean and comfortable. we paid 100 euros for the room (breakfast included). Wireless lan did not work gut in the groundfloor, therefore they did not charge any. the service was very friendly. it was a very good choise!	
Jul 6 2009 	I would go somewhere else	We booked the Crescent Hotel based on it's review in Frommers and because my Husband knew the area very well. I was disappointed from the moment we walked in the front door. First of all there was someone cleaning the windows above the front door. He didnt stop to let us in and I got drenched with water dragging my bags in the door. Then the Russian/Eastern European woman who works the front desk coldly told us we would have to wait until 2:30 to check in because she &quot;wasn't sure if the room was ready.&quot; I was hot annoyed and sweaty from being on the plane and dragging my bags all over town, so the last thing I wanted on my honeymoon was a rude front desk girl. It only went down from there- the staff is rude- in fact Mrs Cockrel herself was blatantly rude to myself and my husband, the computer room (while nice it is provided) is always full, the beds are hard as rocks and they didnt change the sheets while we were there. They also have very very hard towels and the ones that we were given that were &quot;clean&quot; had black smudges all over them. Another annoying thing is that there is rarely anyone at the desk- and forget it if you need someone before 7:00 or after 10:00- we had to make an emergency call because we needed to check out early, so we called at 10:30 and the girl who answered acted like we had called her in the middle of her wedding. The rooms were larger though, and we didnt have any problems with the water flow. The breakfast was nice, but not worth the other shortcomings that this hotel has. There were many many other hotels along the Crescent so I would check those out before I booked here. OH! And it is SUPER loud here. I was awakened by both people above us pounding around and the people who were outside.	
Mar 29 2009 	Well located good value	This hotel is well located between three tube stations (King's Cross, Russel Sq and Euston Sq). The hotel is clean and adequately furnished. It's no luxury, but it is sufficient for a few days of London. The breakfast - freshly cooked to order - is one of its strong points, another being the friendly and helpful staff.	
Dec 25 2008 	it's tiny and the attached shower doesn't work well	Cartwright Gardens has many hotels. This had to be the worst of the lot. First of all, the steps to get to my room on the 3rd level were very steep and I was always afraid of tumbling downwards. The room itself was tiny, with a sink and shower attached. I couldn't use the shower as the water was never hot enough and looks like it badly needs updating. The shower head directed the water all over the place but downwards. In effect, I had to use the shared facilities instead which were alot more luxurious. There was also no wifi but there was internet access at a computer terminal on the ground floor. On a positive note, the breakfast was respectable and the staff were friendly and accomodating. The breakfast room is also very cosy and charming. The views of the garden was quite relaxing as well. In terms of location, Cartwright Gardens can be easily reached from the Russell Square tube station, or Euston, or Kings' Cross. Along Marchmont Street, the very modernised Brunswick Centre has loads of dining and shopping options. In all, I think one would be better off spending a little more and staying at any of the adjacent hotels or at Tavistock or Russell Squares.	
Dec 1 2008 	Fine for the money	The Crescent Hotel is well located and perfectly fine for the money. Our room was big by London standards, clean and had a TV. The included breakfast ends too early - 9am - for people on vacation which was disappointing. We would probably stay there again.	
Oct 23 2008 	Crescent Hotel Oct 2008	We stayed in the Crescent Hotel for 2 weeks in Oct 2008. I was travelling with my 10 year old daughter. Overall, we found the hotel to be very good for our needs. I had originally planned to only stay for 9 days but then got some extra time off so we extended our stay. I booked the initial reservation on the website. I changed the reservation once because I had booked an extra day, and they cancelled it with no problems over the internet. Later, I called them about extending the stay. They were very helpful on the phone and there was no problem with extending our stay.The hotel is on a quiet street with a small park in front of it with tennis courts. The tennis courts were 2.50/hr and I think you had to go to an office somewhere to reserve them but we didn't do that. The hotel says they will loan racquets and balls with a deposit, but we did not do that. It is about 5 minutes walk to the Russell Square tube station straight up Marchmont St and then a left onto Cartwright Gardens. It is also about a 5 minute walk to Coram's Fields, which is a big playground that my daughter loved, we went almost every day. When we were there, it was open 9A-6P. It is also very close to the Brunswick outdoor shopping mall which has a Waitrose for groceries and several restaurants and an ATM. There are also several pubs and cafes on Marchmont St. It was about a 10 min walk to the British Museum and we passed some other restaurants on the way there. There are no refrigerators or microwaves in the rooms, but you can get ice and water for free from reception and they also have a list of drinks you can buy from reception but we never got anything but water. There are several convenience stores (don't know what those are called in the UK) between the tube and the hotel, two of which were open 24 hours. I had requested a twin room, but this was not availble for our first night after the extension, so we were put in room 1 which had a double and a twin bed for the same price. (I'm using US bed sizes, which I think are different from UK sizes.) The room was very clean, down 1 flight of stairs, and had an ensuite shower, sink, and toilet. That room had a closet with an extra blanket in it. Both rooms had tea making facilities. Rm 1 looked out on the street but was below ground with the window opening onto a sort of large window well area with stairs up to the street which were gated off. After the first night, we returned our keys, packed our bags, and the hotel staff moved the bags to our new room for us while we were out. Our 2nd room was room 19, which had 2 twin beds, a wardrobe, and a desk. It was up one flight of maybe 15 steps. This window opened onto a small courtyard belonging to the hotel, which felt more secure to me, but we did have problems with smoke coming in the windows if we left them open as the courtyard is where guests are permitted to smoke (the inside of the hotel is all nonsmoking.) This was not really a problem for us as it was not hot enough to need the windows open, but I could see it being a problem in the summer. Perhaps a higher room overlooking the courtyard would be better, as we were only one flight up. The beds were reasonably comfortable, as good as I would expect from a hotel in the US. The room was smaller than in a US hotel, but was large enough for us, even if we came back early just to hang out. The ensuite facilities in room 19 consisted of a room with a shower stall and sink and a separate room with a toilet, both off a small hallway inside the room door but before another fire door leading to the actual bedroom (the lock was on what I am calling the room door.) They seemed reasonably clean. Part way through our stay, I noticed mildew forming on the shower curtain, but a few days later the curtain was either washed or changed. I kept forgetting to mention it to staff, so it might have been washed earlier if I had said something. There was always enough hot water. The shower curtain had a tendency to blow into the shower, so I anchored it with our shampoo bottles when showering. Water tended to get out of the shower onto the floor as the shower curtain was a little bit short. The drainage in the shower was a little slow, so you would end up with about 1/2 inch of water in the shower when you were done. The shower stall seemed adequate size, but might be tight for a large person. The shower could either be used overhead or by hand, I mainly used it by hand as the water pressure was adequate but not great. My daughter used it overhead with no problems, though.You are given a key to the hotel main door and a key to your room, so I always felt secure. There is a lounge with couches and a computer for free internet access which was usually available when I wanted it, although sometimes there would be another guest using it. The breakfast room is in the basement, although there is a window. I also looked at one of the shared bathrooms, which had 2 toilets and a full bathtub. It looked clean but we did not use it.For breakfast, there is self serve juice and cereal (4 kinds I think, but we didn't eat any). Then you can have made to order eggs (fried, poached, scrambled, or boiled), bacon, sausage, mushrooms, beans, tomatoes, brown or white toast, and tea or coffee. I think you could also have porridge but we didn't. My daughter said the poached eggs were really good. I had scrambled which were also good. The breakfast was very filling, and several days I just had tea and toast as it was a little too much breakfast for me. We never asked for extra food, so I don't know if you could get more if you wanted. They did offer us extra toast one day.Overall, I felt this to be an excellent hotel for the price (we paid 89.10 pounds a night, which was a 10% discount for staying over a week). It is not a luxury hotel, but if you want a clean, safe place to stay with a good breakfast, I would highly recommend it. My daughter is already planning a return trip and wants to stay in the same hotel.	
Sep 28 2008 	worth a visit	i spent a total of 10 nights at the Crescent, in August and September of 2008, and on the whole was very satisfied. It's a 2-star hotel, about 75 pounds a night for a single with bath. The rooms were very clean. I was relieved to see my first room was spacious enough, and had a big window onto a small courtyard. Everything was adequate, there was a kettle for making coffee or tea, and a small tv. The bed was comfortable. A week later I stayed again for two nights. They didn't have a room with bath available, and the single room they put me in was very small, at 50 pounds per night. The next night I was moved to a larger room with bath, but when I saw a mouse, I moved back to the smaller room.The women at the front desk were nice, but didn't have a lot of knowledge about tourist-type questions. The breakfast was very good - you can get a full English breakfast with eggs, sausage, bacon, beans, tomato, toast, and there were cereals and fruits on the sideboard.Just down the block is an excellent fish and chips restaurant called North Sea Fish, just across Marchmont on Leigh Street. There are other restaurants and pubs and grocery stores all within two or three blocks, and the Russell Square Tube is about four blocks down Marchmont. Also, you can catch many buses at Russell Square, about five blocks away, including the Big Bus Tour, which I would recommend. London is so big, the tour takes about four hours. You can get on and off as you please.One note of warning. Never, EVER, attempt, under any circumstances, in this life or the next, to drive in London. We rented a car to go to Devon for a week - and it was entirely possible that we could have spent that whole week just trying to navigate out of London. Every two blocks, the road names change, you encounter a roundabout with indecipherable signs, and don't know where the heck to turn off! It's a nightmare. It would be far better to take a train or bus out of London and rent a car from another town.Jude Mayer, Shabbona, Illinois	
Sep 12 2008 	Great little London hotel	I stayed here for one night in September and was pleasantly surprised. It is about a 5 minute walk from both Euston and St Pancras and is set in a rather pretty tree lined crescent.I arrived about 12.30 and having read on the website that it was ok to leave luggage on your arrival and departure dates thought I would just leave my bag. But I received a very warm welcome and was told my room was ready. However two minutes later I was informed 'ooops no it isn't' but &quot;we have another one that is ready if you are happy to stay on the third floor.&quot; My single en suite room contained a double and a single bed! I was very happy to spread out with all that space. The third floor was quite a trek up and there is no lift, but it was a lovely room. There is a dressing table/desk, a fan (a godsend in London!), tv on a unit and more than adequate tea/coffee/hot chocolate supplies. Irons, hairdryers, dressing gowns are all available from reception. I was given a room key and a front door key. There are tennis courts and gardens available opposite for guest use. There is a lounge with a computer with free internet access.Breakfast was plentiful and rather nice. Usually in London I am very distrustful of little independent hotels and stay in one of the chains where I know what to expect - but this room that was booked for me was a very pleasant unexpected surprise and I will certainly be staying here again. One last point is that although the hotel was full the noise was minimal - and I slept with the windows open and still the noise was minimal even from outside.	
Jul 27 2008	Better than I could have ever expected	The Crescent was one of the hotels suggested by a conference I attended at the University of London. I was initially wary of it, mainly because it was so much cheaper than the other options and only had shared bathroom rooms available when I booked. Plus, when I first arrived, it turned out that there were loads of American undergraduate students staying in the area. I must say, though, that the Crescent was a fabulous experience: sure, the room was a tad small, particular for Americans raised on gigantic rooms, but it was absolutely quiet and the broadband connection worked consistently throughout. The English breakfast was fine, but there's a great patisserie around the corner if one prefers a lighter breakfast. And considering the locale, the price was just unbeatable: I stayed for two weeks at only 49 pounds a night.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Find in Bloomsbury	We were pleased to find the Crescent Hotel which could provide our family of 4 with an economical family room for our 3 nights in London. The Bloomsbury section of London was ideal with its many restaurants, parks, and easy access to tube and rail stations. The hotel is in two historic townhouses which gives it great character. Our room was a high-ceiling first floor room. We discovered the first night that it was a little noisy from sidewalk conversations to sleep with the window cracked open. The room was comfortable with a bathroom, shower, TV, and phone. Because the entire hotel eats breakfast at the same time (it being included), we found that the hot water for showering often ran out in the morning. It was there if we got up earlier or took an evening shower. The breakfasts were generous English breakfasts of satisfactory quality. The hotel has a TV lounge with a computer available for guest use; which was so great to research tourist information. There's a little garden available for guest use. The park in front of the hotel has tennis courts that are available for guests.	
Jun 24 2008 	exceptionally good value	I stayed at the Crescent for 5 days in May 2008, and was delighted with the hotel. I've been travelling to London for over 3 decades now and know only too well that in this price range one often ends up in absolutely *horrible* places. The Crescent is a jewel--clean, pleasant, friendly, lovely street, great location. They could charge much more than they do, but I hope they won't start doing so! London hotel rooms tend to be TINY by American standards, and the Crescent is no exception to that rule, but my room was immaculate and tidy, and very nicely furnished. There were complimentary shampoo and soap in the room, which is unusual in this price-range. I opted for the basic single, which meant sharing a bathroom, and I was a little nervous about that, but the bathroom was excellent; the shower was much larger than is standard in London hotels, which means it was about the size of an average American shower stall, and it was also immaculately clean with plentiful hot water. (I never had to wait to use the bathroom, which I suppose was mainly just luck.) The hotel provides a very comfortable, large terry-cloth bathrobe, which really helps when you're sharing a bath -- they take a deposit that's refunded when you return the robe, which seemed a very reasonable system to me. The breakfast was very tasty and filling, and the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The young man who was on duty when I checked in carried my extremely heavy suitcase up to my room for me and did not even wait long enough for me to give him a tip. My request for a first-floor room (i.e., American 2nd-floor) was honored, which also pleased me. Another nice touch was that there was a small electric fan in the room; I did not need it, but in July or August that could be really helpful.In short, this is a wonderful hotel and, for London, exceptional value for money. I will absolutely, definitely stay there again.	
Jun 2 2008 	The Crescent Hotel: warm hospitality excellent location	We stayed at the Crescent for six nights at the beginning and end of our Great Britain trip. We would stay there again without any hesitation and would recommend it to friends. The guest care is excellent, the staff very responsive and professional. The breakfast choices are delicious.	
May 26 2008 	Reasonable economical London hotel	Stayed here for about ten days in May 2008. All in all, a good budget hotel in one of the most expensive cities in the world. I paid 49 pounds per night for a single, with shower and sink in the room, toilet down the hall. Room &quot;compact&quot; with little storage other than a wardrobe and desk with 4 shallow drawers. Noise was rarely a problem, as the hotel is on a crescent and the traffic is mostly on the main road which is 100 yards away. In the crescent is a park with tennis courts. On a warm Saturday night there was a lot of partying in the park, otherwise peaceful. Room fairly clean, as were bathrooms. Good full English breakfast (eggs, bacon sausage, beens, tomato, as well as hot and cold cereal, orange juice, yogurt, fruit) included.  Hotel people generally helpful. I arrived at 11 PM, tired. Man at the desk brought my bag up to the room, did not wait for a tip. As I was on the fourth floor (American, 3rd floor European), and the last flight of stairs was steep and narrow, I was appreciative. What not to like? They advertised Internet access in the room, which they provide with a plug in cord that apparently runs on a wireless signal. Well, there is insufficient signal on the top floor. They do provide free a computer in the lounge, which unfortunately was broken for the first few days of my stay.. They did not charge me for the wireless cord, since it did not work. Since private Internet access is quite important to me, was a big problem. I had e-mailed before arrival and asked for a lower floor room. I never heard back and did not follow up (my mistake), so of course I ended up on the top floor. Since I'm an older traveler, a nuisance but still a problem. Overall, if you want basic economical, clean, convenient accomodations fairly close to Underground and in central London, this is a good choice. Not for person with trouble with stairs (no elevator), perhaps not if Internet access is important, but for most a reasonable choice.	
May 15 2008 	Great location value service.	Located in the Bloomsbury section, close to three tube stations, within walking distance to the British Museum and the British Library, this b&amp;b gives great value in a pleasant setting. The staff is cheerful and courteous. There is a scumptious English breakfast served. Rooms are a bit on the small side and bathrooms are OK but need some updating. One of the main attractions is that the hotel is quiet, located away from heavy traffic. There are many inexpensive restaurants and a mini mall closeby. What made my stay here really memorable was that I left a fairly valuable pair of binoculars in a dresser in the room. Within a day after I telephoned the hotel from New York. they e-mailed to let me know that they had found it and mailed it to my NY address within a week. Bravo Hotel Crescent!	
Mar 20 2008 	Nice location and nice price	The hotel is conveniently located near Kings Cross and the British Museum. It is on a quiet street. The hotel isn't too big, and the breakfast was large and yummy. My room was small, but it is London, and most of the room was taken up by the bed--though there was a high ceiling. There was also a small TV. The bed was comfortable. The price was right, recommended for an affordable stay in London	
Dec 28 2007 	Not bad at all	Compared to some other London hotels we stayed in, Crescent Hotel in Cartwright Gardens was quite good. Our en suite double room was clean, towels new(ish) (not torn or frayed as in some other places), the mattress and pillows reasonably comfortable. The room and the bathroom were small, but not tiny. The bathroom did NOT remind us of plane toilets as did the ones in some other hotels. The furniture was adequate and there was even an (unused) fireplace!They provided shampoo, shower gel and a small bar of soap for each person. There was coffee and several types of tea (including herbal) on the hospitality tray. This was all replenished as necessary.There was a TV in the room with the usual terrestrial channels. When we first arrived, there was no remote in the room, but after we told them, they provided one immediately. No radio though. There was also a phone in the room, which was handy for calling the reception instead of going down and climbing all the way back up. You could also receive messages on the room phone, but we just used the mobile, so can't say how efficient that was.We were on the top floor (note that there is no lift), facing the back rather than Cartwright Gardens. It was quiet in our room, but I don't know what it is like if you have a room facing the front.There was a cosy little lounge with a computer and a couple of sofas /armchairs. They also provided a luggage room which we used to store our stuff between checking out and catching our train on the last day of our stay.I didn't go down to breakfast at all, but according to my husband, the food was just passable, but the service all right.There was a no smoking sign in our room, which suited us just fine.	
Oct 28 2007 	Pleasant Surprise	After being unable to book a reasonable hotel room, my husband and I settled for the Crescent Hotel, which was listed in Fodor's, but had mediocre Trip Advisor reviews. Much to our surprise and delight, we found our 5 night stay to be a pleasant experience, with a friendly, accomodating staff ( carrying luggage, ordering cabs), a well prepared breakfast, and a very interesting clientele. ( the hotel is close to the Britsh Library thus attracting a literary crowd). We heeded the advise of others and requested a first floor room. The hotel's free computer was constantly in use, and was usually monopolized by the same person or persons. I suggested a posted sign limiting its use to 30 minutes---but never saw one posted, but it should be.Otherwise, the location was perfect and equi-distant to several underground lines, and the proximity to Russell Square made for a charming and tranquil place to relax and regroup.	
Oct 20 2007 	Just fine	I don't fathom most of the other reviews. We found the Crescent to be a perfectly lovely place to stay: clean, attractive, reasonably sized rooms (for London), wonderful location (walk to Euston and King's Cross Stations, British Museum, lots of stuff), pleasant and tasty breakfast, and pleasant staff (who moved our luggage into our room so we could run off and enjoy the day before check-in time). All at a reasonable price (again, for London). You could pay more and get fancier digs, but why bother?	
Jul 4 2007	too expensive	Asked for quiet room on top floor. Query respected.But, room underlit, a bit shabby. We found a used towel on the bathroom floor. We put it aside and asked the cleaning girls to take it away... but found the same -dirty- towel neatly spread over our clean ones ! Disgusting !Staff not really concerned and bathroom not correctly cleaned once during our 5 days-stay.The rates are much too expensive for such a non-professionally run place.	
Apr 10 2007	Disappointing	Much too expensive for what you get, even for London. Very steep stairs, especially to top floor. No offer of help in carrying bags. Bare-bones breakfast. Staff not very welcoming. But, a convenient location on an attractive crescent, and it seemed to us to be clean.	
Feb 20 2007	Location LocationLocation	After visiting many cities abroad, it was about time we visited London, our own capital! We visited in February with our 13 &amp; 16 year old daughters. We holiday frequently and don't expect 5* luxury if we aren't paying for it, but like good value and cleanliness.Found the hotel recommended in a guide book, which seemed great, however we read after booking, a few adverse comments about the family room-size on various web sites, and boy were they right. The hotel doesn't have a price tarriff for a quad room to be fair, and we weren't charged any more than the triple room price for an extra bed in the room, but that extra bed meant that there was NO floorspace left in the room at all-we had to leave our suitcase on the floor behind the bathroom door. The room, and whole hotel, was fantastically clean, all the beds comfortable with clean, fresh linen. The room was cleaned and serviced very well. Tea/coffee/hot chocolate tray was generously filled, and although the bathroom was a little tired, was also clean and well supplied, we had 2 towels each which seemed to be changed on a daily basis. The room was very prettily furnished. The English breakfast was adequate, a choice of cereals, fruit etc, then a cooked breakfast which was sadly quite mean; on the menu it says sausage, bacon and egg, then beans or tomato or mushrooms. On the second day we were given 'everything', but you could literaly count the number of baked beans and 1/2 a tinned tomato. It was really unnecessarily penny pinching with the cheapest ingedients!The location of the hotel is great, equidistant between Russell Square and Euston/King's Cross/St Pancrass Stations and therefore great for sight seeing. We bought day passes for the tube which were great value. There is a Tesco Express just as you exit Russel Sq station for snacks etc, and a Waitrose close by. There are also a few Indian/chinese etc restaurants close by, and the area was great-not overly pompous, but clean and not threatening either.The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful, and cases can be dropped off on the morning of your arrival, and picked up later on your departure day.Although we were initially disappointed with the hotel, it was clean, comfortable, quiet and friendly and we enjoyed our stay in London. It was good to know that you only have to travel 70 miles up the M3 to have a great city break!	
Mar 8 2006	in need of cleaning	Relying on guide books, we went with the Crescent Hotel. We had booked for four days and realized we had made a mistake as soon as we walked in the room. It was in dire need of cleaning. We complained and they said they would send someone in to take care of it. When we returned, the room was a little better but still not clean. It seemed that the owners were just letting the past good reputation roll with no attempt to keep up with them. When I returned again, there was another woman in the lobby requesting a room change because of uncleanliness. I'd advise looking elsewhere. The only positive feature was the location.	
Mar 24 2005	Beware their reservation charges!	I had to cancel a reservation for the Crescent that I had just made the previous day due to a change in my schedule, and the receptionist snottily told me that I would be charged 5 pounds because they had already &quot;done all the work&quot; -- which I assumes means typing my reservation into their computer and then deleting it. I know a 5-pound penalty is not a huge amount, but considering that I had just made the reservation less than 24 hours before cancelling it, I don't think it is justified, nor was this hotel's attitude. I'd stay away; if the service is this bad with reservations, one can only imagine what you'd get if you actually stayed there.	
Sep 5 2004	The Dungeon	Based on the guidebook’s recommendation we chose the Crescent for our 4 night stay in London. While the price was reasonable for London (around $200 for a family room with breakfast) and the location was convenient, the hotel left a lot to be desired. Our room was in the basement, which was damp and musty. The carpet was threadbare and in desperate need of a good cleaning. The bathroom had missing tiles, a cracked mirror, rust-stained tub, a filthy window, and a mildewed shower mat. The top of the wardrobe had at least an inch of dust covering it and the previous occupants’ trash had been left in the drawers of the desk. We were provided with 2 towels for a family of four and the tea/coffee items were never replenished during our stay. We didn’t complain about the room on the first day, because we were exhausted from traveling and the staff was kind enough to let us check in early when we arrived at 9 am. On the second day, though, I told the receptionist about the condition of the room, but she said that they were fully booked and had nothing else for us. She didn’t offer any other apology or solution. I would have liked to find other accommodations, but since our stay in London was short, my husband preferred not to waste time shopping around for a new hotel and moving our things. Instead we made the best of a bad situation, joking with the children about returning to our “dungeon” after a full day of sightseeing. As much as we love London, we were very happy to leave and continue the rest of our trip in a clean, comfortable B&amp;B in Ireland. Oh, we almost didn’t make it out, though, since the staff forgot to put in our wake-up call and there was no alarm clock in the room.There were some positive points. Most of the staff was friendly and had good recommendations for restaurants. The location was very good, with access to both rail service and the Underground only a short walk away, and most of the common areas seemed decent. Perhaps we just had the worst room in the hotel (I sure hope there weren’t any worse than this!) If you decide to stay at the Crescent, just make sure you don’t wind up in the basement!	
Mar 19 2004	Very good value!	After staying in a complete dive we had booked thru a package deal, this place was heaven! We were on the 2nd floor in room 15, which was a triple (3 twins, which they said they'd be happy to put 2 together for us), towards the back of the building. (No lift, so keep luggage light!) We were surprised at how large the room was &amp; the bath was quite comfortable. We were amazed at how quiet the area was, even a couple blocks off Euston Road, &amp; we could sleep with the window open &amp; no noise! The reception people were quite helpful &amp; will book theatre, cars, trips for you if needed. They serve a choice of a full English breakfast (egg, sausage, bacon, beans &amp; veggie) or continental style that kept us going all morning. (Full breakfasts can be hard to find in some areas, so strongly suggest booking in a place like this!) The location is great - 3 tube stations very close, including King's Cross which links you to Heathrow &amp; several other lines nicely; &amp; there were some pubs, restaurants &amp; basic shops - incl. a Boots drug store nearby. We will definitly consider this B&amp;B the next time we visit London.	
Nov 8 2003	Pretty good value	Spent three nights absolute top of the house in late September, £89/night. Very small room, though it was a triple. Some electrical problems with bedside lights and kettle. Bath tiny, but we expected that. Clean, and bed comfortable. Not too far from Russell Square tube station. Staff were helpful and friendly, and our room, overlooking a parking area and some flats in back of hotel, was quiet and had good daylight. Breakfast pretty good and enough to keep you going for a long time. Would definitely ask for room at back of hotel. No lift, so if you have heavy luggage ask for a lower floor room. We would stay there again, good location and moderate price for London.	
Nov 8 2003	Bon hotel bien situé		
Aug 14 2009 	agréable		
May 14 2009 	una vacanza da sogno		
Mar 1 2009 	ottimo-tranquillo-familiare-centro zona 1		
Nov 30 2008 	Charmantes kleines Hotel in bester Lage		
Jul 19 2008 	Nur für Anhänger des Schmuddelcharmes		
Dec 3 2007 	Tranquillità della casa inglese in pieno centro		
