Nov 16 2009 	Airmiles claimed this was a 3* hotel - what a joke!	Having booked a two centre holiday through airmiles, the first leg was to Venice. Fantastic, good hotel, excellent time, so our hopes were high when we arrived in London. Oh, how our hopes were dashed when we checked into the Royal Cambridge. It sounded good, and seemed to be located in a good position, but that's where the good finished. I have never been in a more filthy, poorly maintained and noisy hotel ever before, and I travel a lot - Fawlty Towers would have been a pleasure after this place. 3 stars? I award it 3 turds. And as for Airmiles recommending it on their site - they would do well to remove it immediately. Please, please, please, don't stay at the Royal Cambridge - you'll get a better night's sleep on a park bench.Having pre-paid for 3 nights (another big mistake) we could stand it no longer and left to stay at the Copthorne Tara - a decent 4* hotel that cost only £10 per night more than this dump!	
Nov 16 2009 	Absolutely awful don't stay there!	This must be the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. On arrival told where the room and lift were, the lift was tiny and dirty, The room was shabby, tv did not work, no lampshade in bathroom, which obviously wasn't cleaned properly as there was rubbish on the floor. the chair in the bedroom was so dirty, couldn't sit on it. Wakened at 6 am by what sounded like a herd of elephants above us which made the light fitting tinkle for 2 hours Breakfast well that was a laugh (of hysteria) Saw no staff apart from a young guy in jeans and a sweat shirt, plastic table cloths covered with plastic sheeting. chairs were scruffy. What a disgrace, classed as a 3 star... more like - 0.Had to check out , and go to another Hotel, which was sheer luxury for only £10 more, what a rip off, there is no way they should get away with charging £80 per night	
Nov 15 2009 	Thread bare!	Having stayed at 3 hotels in sussex gardens i feel i can summarise hotel accomadation reasonably well in paddington. The Cambridge as most look from the exterior a typical small hotel. I called in advance to ask if we could leave our case as we were early arriving, upon arrival we tried to take the lift downstairs to leave our case. The lift didn't work so we took the stairs that were covered in a bit tof thread bare carpet.. I was immediatly gratefull we were only staying one night. The 'hotel' is an absolute maze and the public areas are in desperate need of a revamp. Our room was clean, you could hear a conversation in any adjacent room, the bathroom was the most confined i have ever seen. Breakfast is served upon seats that i wouldn't sit my dog on! Pay your money and take your chance, no way a three star	
Nov 9 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	Do not stay here unless you are completely desperate for accommodation!My husband and I have stayed in quite a few hotels along Sussex Gardens before, and know what to expect for 2/3 star hotels, and they have all been, surprisingly, very pleasant. However, the Royal Cambridge was something else (and not in a good way!) The room was AWFUL. Now I wasnt expecting it to look like the Hilton hotel, but I wasnt expecting it to look like a run down hostel either. The bathroom was even worse. It was like something out of a horror movie. The light in there did not work and neither did the hot water in the shower. The fact that they charge around £100 a night is beyond a joke! When we went down to the reception to let them know the light wasnt working, the guy at the desk almost seemed annoyed that we were interrupting his tv programe and his response was... &quot;are you sure? there was people in there earlier today and they didnt mention it...&quot;I leave it to you!	
Oct 29 2009 	Bad Service	Booked 2 twin rooms on Booking.com for myself and three friends attending an American Football game in Wembly.Went to check in on Saturday afternoon only to be told there was a maintenance issue with one of the rooms and it would not be fixed until Sunday. So they booked us into a hotel a few hundred meters away for the Saturday night.That would be no problem except they gave me the email confirmation for the alternative hotel and it was emailed the week earlier. No maintenance issues, just doubled booked. Either that or they could see into the future and forsee the maintenance issueCame back to the hotel on Sunday to check in, one twin room and one double room was what was available. They also booked double rooms instead of twins rooms in the alternative hotel. We managed to get this changed however.The Royal Cambridge is like a maze, full of steep stairs. Rooms and en-suites are small but I suppose it is London.The bath filled while I was having a shower.The location is fine about 300M from Paddington Station, just beware that you really do get what you pay for in London	
Oct 14 2009 	Not hospitality at all !	Had to stay for a night before getting into our self catering flat. Late check-in.Room was ok, had family room which was enough size, luckily on the ground level. Breakfast room was ok, nothing elaborate but just fine. Toilet was just for bath and business, dont expect any pampering.However, the hotel's receptionist is the worst!! before checking out the next day, an uncle came to pick us up and asked if he could park his car outside while we check out and load our bags.The rude receptionist was rather sarcastic and called my uncle an &quot;Idiot&quot;. When told him not to be rude especially to a guest, the receptionist then told my husband to &quot;pack you things and get lost!&quot; not enough of that, when we finally returned the key, the receptionist took the key and said, &quot; yeah...buzz off&quot;What an experience after only being in London for less than 24 hours !! He said other things too, which i think its un-appropriate for me to say here, but definitely, even if the hotel is giving low rates, i would definitely NOT stay here again.If you are opting for the area for a hotel, the whole stretch of Sussex Gardens has tons of other hotels you can choose.	
Jul 5 2009 	Dont expect full english breakfast	Chose this hotel as we wanted a room with 3 single beds for myself, daughter and daughter-in-law. We booked Junior Suite with 4 single beds. Were given room with 2 double beds and 1 single which was ok. Room clean and plenty of room but in basement. Had to move bed to below window (reasoning for this so that nobody could get in!!) as it was so hot couldnt close window. Girls slept ok but not me. Foreign men talking outside not sure whether in small courtyard outside window or above on pavement kept me awake for ages. Looking forward to english breakfast as quoted when booked but no such luck-only toast available when we got there at 9.00am. Offered fried rice!! Eventually when we had eaten cereal and toast- sausages, boiled eggs and beans arrived-too late for us. Receptionist very friendly, very good location and were able to leave luggage for the day..	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Location Good Value	We were here for one night in order to attend an event at the nearby Royal Lancaster Hotel. This was half the price (the other hotel by the way is a 5 minute walk).The location is excellent. It's a 5 minute walk to Paddington Tube/Rail station. Our room was a good size for London, with plenty of space to put luggage. The bedroom was clean and we had a lot of fresh towels. The front desk staff were friendly and polite.If I could moan about one thing, it was the room we were given (No. 2). This is directly underneath the reception. All you hear first thing in the morning are the sound of footsteps above your head as people arrive and check out. The curtains are tatty in this room and did not block out the daylight and street lighting. Also, the window looked a little easy to open from a burglary point of view (although we have no evidence to suggest that this would happen). Still, it was a good from a fire escape point of view.There's a kettle in the room for coffee making (no tea was provided for us). You do have to fill it slowly with cups though, as it won't fit under the tap in the bathroom. There are basic toiletries provided. We had breakfast before checking out and it was a very basic affair. There were sausages and scrambled egg, but they looked like they had been there a while. Fair enough, as we were one of the last to arrive I suppose.If it's value for money and location you're after, then I would recommend this hotel, but it would be worth looking around first.	
Jan 27 2009 	Surpassed our expectations	We booked before we read some critical reviews regarding hygiene and service levels.Had we not booked we would have chosen another hotel.We found a friendly and helpful reception, room 202 was clean and newly decorated with private bathroom with new plumbing and tiles on walls and floor soap and shampoo.Towels were changed daily (quite unnecessarily) and house cleaning OK. NIce bed and linen.Continental breakfast consisted of juice, milk, corn flakes, fruits, cheese and jams, sausages and baked beans, boiled eggs and bread to toast, as well as tea and coffee. Other rooms may not have street view and in basement. The lift was under repair.Water boiler and dried coffee, creamer and sugar in the room. The coffee was not to our taste. Colour TV with BBC channels, maybe more, but we were not familiar with the remote controls.	
Jan 11 2009 	To be expected from money paid	We stayed here for one night in early December 2008 for a quick Christmas shopping trip to London. We paid half the normal room rate through booking online. After reading reviews on this site we didn't have great expectations but were only really looking for somewhere to sleep with breakfast included.First, the positives. The location of the hotel is great, very close to Paddington station/tube. The lady on reception greeted us with a smile and was very friendly and helpful. The room was very warm (almost too warm!) – important considering it had been snowing in London around the few days we were there. The room was nice and quiet – located between 1st and 2nd floors, never heard a soul. Breakfast was reasonably good. Bed was surprisingly comfortable.Second, the negatives. The hotel was quite grotty. Décor not updated in years and very drab. Room was quite dirty – bathroom was particularly bad and lots of damp and mould in sight. Wallpaper peeling off, some light bulbs not working. We weren't expecting the room to be small, but it would probably be better to describe it as tiny. The less said about staff at breakfast time the better! There was building work going on at the hotel, however the upside of this is that it is apparently only 9am - 5pm (we never heard any noise outside of these times).Staff were not native English-speaking (nor most of the guests!) but we got by. You have to pay in full on arrival. We were able to store our luggage on check-out and return later in day to collect before returning home. Considering we only spent about 3 waking hours in the hotel, overall none of these things detracted too much from our stay. It’s what you have to expect in London on a budget – if we’d been wanting to stay any longer, we wouldn’t have chosen to stay here.Tip: There are lots of places to drink and eat in and around Paddington station, which is another bonus on the location of the hotel.	
Oct 15 2008 	Pretty Poor	Good location, nice building, looks good from the front, but once you get to the room, it's not quite so special.....The furniture in my room was broken, it's obviously a while since it was decorated, the drain below the sink overflows and floods the bathroom floor, the shower screen leaks water all over the bathroom floor, there is mould in the bathroom etc etc.I wouldn't really recommend it, there are much better places in the same price bracket.	
Sep 23 2008 	Nice bed-breakfast hotel	I went on a holiday last July in London. I stayed at Royal Cambridge Hotel during the visit. The hotel was quite old with one of the furniture in my room broken. In addition, some of the lights in the lobby were not working. Nevertheless, I enjoyed my stay as the staff there was polite and courteous, and the hotel was conveniently located. It only took couple of minutes to walk to Paddington Station and Oxford Street. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the hotel and I would recommend single travelers to go there because the hotel is cheap and strategically located in the heart of London.	
Sep 4 2008 	Enjoyed Our Stay!	We spent 5 days at this hotel and enjoyed every day of our stay. We were a little apprehensive because of some of the reviews, but found for the most part they weren't our experience. Our room was spacious by European standards and clean. The bathroom was clean and had a huge bathtub with plenty of hot water. The staff was always friendly and helpful (yes, we found our room keys on the counter at night too). The tiny, little antique elevator was often an adventure, but we were happy to have an elevator, even an iffy one. The location is wonderful and very convenient to Paddington Tube station, we went all over the city via the Tube. There are lots of restaurants, pubs and shops within easy walking distance of the hotel and it's very convenient to Hyde park. We loved the quaint, informal atmosphere of the hotel and felt very much at home and welcome. If you're expecting a 5-star experience, pay the price and stay in a more expensive hotel. If you want an affordable room, comfortable bed, clean shower, convenient location and friendly service, stay here.	
Jul 4 2008 	Shocking	Having booked two months in advance, they only had a basement room available when we arrived. The shower was dirty, too small, the cover fell off the controls, the tap dripped in the basin, the toilet didn't work properly. There were no windows in the room. It should have only had a single bed, not a double. When I complained next morning, we were given the room in their promotional photos. Don't believe the quality. The whole place needs a renovation! As my husband says, &quot;It's a dump!&quot;	
May 22 2008 	A good budget stay	As a budget traveller, needed somewhere in London that would not break the bank, central and not a 'hell hole'. Well based on other Traveladvisor reviews decided to gamble on the Royal Cambridge and was not made to regret it. The location was excellent just 5min walk from Paddington Tube Station with plenty of nice pubs, restaurants, take-aways and shops in between. Desk staff in the day were really nice and helpful; as we got there a bit early for check-in they let us keep our bags there. Not so keen on their night policy of just leaving the keys on the desk for you to pick up! The room was basic but clean (twin room), not too big, but then not a cubby hole and what do you need a big room for when you’re in London! Was warned about breakfast by previous reviews, but as a person who eats just about anything it was fine, would say though if you were there longer than 3 nights probably would just stick to the cereals, coffee and juice. Breakfast staff were lovely though, especially if you were nice and polite to them (certain travellers needed to learn manners!). So for a budget stay, would I recommend this hotel, yes I would.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great wee hotel	This had a few poor reviews and a few good ones but I went anyway and it was fine. The room was clean and comfortable, the water was hot on request and the staff were friendly. On the downside the breakfast could have been better ( egg.. either fried or scrambled...does not make a breakfast). I came back after midnight one night to find 2 keys ( including my own) left lying on the unattended reception desk. Sorry guys but a BIG minus for security that night. Overall , well worth the money.	
Jan 4 2008 	Shocking Reception Attitude	After many stays at this establishment whilst in the care of the previous owner Alan, the staff went out of their way to make sure that things were ok.This has chnaged with the new owners, specifically the reception staff member by the name of Ryan. My wife and I were booked in for 14 days from 21 Dec through to 5th Jan. we paid for and left after 3 due to the attitude of the abovementioned who did not acknowledge our presence and was downright rude after checking us in and taking our cash.The room was reasonably comfortable, albeit very tired and dated. The phone did not work and the TV was an apology, being too small to see. The bathroom was extremely tired with no basin plug, old &amp; worn loo &amp; basin.I will certainly not recommend this accomodation to antone in future. Sorry Royal Cambridge. will not be back and suggest that you try looking around at comparitive establishments in your area.	
Sep 29 2007 	Friendly staff ....but	Stayed at this hotel for a week. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room we had was VERY LARGE by London standards. Bathroom also was large but sink had lots of cracks in it and plug didn't fit.. Room was somewhat shabby - - one light didn't work and the one that did didn't have a shade. Bedcovers had burn marks on them and only one pillow on one of the beds. However we were given another one when we asked but the pillows were lumpy, We did have bedside lights and lots of furniture in room - - good-sized wardrobe, dressing table and tallboy as well as two night tables and plenty of room for our cases. There was also a tv (not many channels), hairdryer and trouser press. We were at the back of the hotel and our room was quite quiet.Their website advertised a bar which we thought would be nice for a glass of wine at the end of the day but the bar does not exist any more.The breakfast was the big problem. One morning it was fried egg and baked beans and the next it was sausage and beans except they were'nt sausages but WIENERS. There were cereals but only three, two of which I didn't like ,but there was also apple or orange juice and toast and tea or coffee. I t would have been much better if they had stuck to continental and given fruit and yoghurt and possibly cheese.I might stay at this one again because the location was great and because staff were so nice	
Jul 22 2007	please please do not stay in this hotel worst experience ever	i recently stayed in the royal cambridge hotel and found it to be the most awful experience of my life i found the rooms to be very dirty i slept with towels on the pillows there was no window that allowed in fresh air and was extremly hot and stuffy . your so called breakfast was just cereal and toast . would never stay here again and defenitly not recommend it to anyone .	
Jun 25 2007 	Dated Decor.	I recently stayed at the Royal Cambridge Hotel for 1 night. Whilst the staff were very polite and the cost was reasonable I had the following issues with my room. The bed quilt had blood on it (from a previous guest), the wallpaper was starting to peel, the draws didn’t stay in and so the staff had used rolled up paper to keep them shut! The taps were loose, there was no plug for the sink, two of the lights didn’t work and the only window looked out onto a landing and so couldn’t be left open resulting in a very hot room! This hotel is well placed near both Hyde Park and the central tube line, however the rooms are in need of serious modernisation ASAP	
Mar 20 2007	Nice low budget hotel	The location of this hotel is excelent, close to Paddington station (very handy for the Heathrow Express, and the Underground network), and to Hyde Park (nive for walking). The staff were really nice, and the hotel was clean and neat. Breakfast was simple, but fine. The only real problem was that the room smelled quite a lot of cigarette smoke. I am not sure if it would have been possible to get a none smoking one. But I would still not hessitate to go back for another London trip.	
Mar 13 2007 	Decent hotel at low prices	Our 3-night stay at the Royal Cambridge Hotel was a succes. We didn'twant to spend too much time in the hotel so we were looking for nothing else than a place to sleep and keep our things. It was perfect for this.The hotel was clean and neat, and there were no problems with the staff. The breakfast buffet was decent allthough limited to a few selections. I would have loved fresh fruit, a wider selection of bread etc. but at the price it was very fine.Booking over the internet gave no problems at all.It is placed quite convenient in walking distance to a lot of interesting sight for a first time visitor to London.I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again if I go back to London for more sightseeing on a budget.	
Feb 24 2007	Very helpful staff	6 of us, 3 adults and 3 children stayed in the hotel for the first three days of the Feb 07 half-term. Hotel availability in London was very limited and this was almost all we were able to get as two triple rooms. The good points:1 Staff - they were very friendly and extremely helpful. Our rooms were on different floors but they explained why before we arrived and were quite prepared to move us for the second and third nights as best they could. In the end we didn't find the different levels much of an issue and stayed put.2 Parking - I was able to park outside the front door of the hotel for a very resonable price - far cheaper than anything else in central London.3 Location Sussex gardens is a very good location for exploring London - there are a lot of buses nearby and a good selection of restaurants and shops.Downsides - these should be seen in the context of the very cheap price of roomsRooms - One of our rooms was in the basement and the window was internal overlooking a staircase - noisy in the morning. The other on the 4th floor overlooked the street and traffic noise was high all night (single glazed ill fitting sash window) - a problem if you are used to the silence of rural living.The rooms are basic but clean and though the en-suites are a little tired they are servicable and adequate.Breakfast room was clean and pleasant enough though the cofee is undrinkable and the white toast the worst, cheapest, glutinous sort - if you can go out to one of the fantastic cafes nearby do so.There is no bar or restaurant on site which was a porblem for us as we couldn't leave the kids on there own in the hotel.Over-all we felt what we got was about right for what we paid with the bonus of a great location. In hind-site we would have booked earlier and found somewher a bit more expensive and just a bit more comfortable.	
Jan 24 2007 	Value for money?	The rooms were rather basic and the restaurant was not as good as it looked. I found a piece of egg shell on my plate which put me off rather. Slightly disappointing but no real problems.	
Dec 2 2006 	Cheep and Cheerful	Stayed in this Hotel for 2 Nights.Staff very helpful and friendly,Domestic staff have limited English.Location excellent, very close to Paddington station.Rooms adequate.Small,drab with no tea making facilities but we were provided with kettle on request.Hairdryer not working.Beds very comfortable and clean.Bathroom not good.Shower fixed position,broke on 1st use,toilet seat fell off,could be dangerous,toilet handle coming away from wall.All reported and fixed immediatly. Mould on walls needs urgent attention!Overall not a bad place to stay for those seeking cheap central accomadation	
Nov 30 2006 	Not Royal Not Cambridge but a fine location! A good enough hotel.	It's hard to say this was entirely an 'above average' experience -- the hotel itself is rather old, two houses that have been stuck together higgledy-piggledy, and our room was rather tatty -- the furniture was a bit falling apart, and the bathroom was last redone in about 1950. **However** the location is great -- about 4 short blocks from Paddington Station (which is where the highly recommended express train from Heathrow arrives, and trains leave for Oxford) and near major bus routes around London, and also near Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens. It's a long but decent walk to the Portobello Road flea market/antiques shops in Notting Hill. The few blocks to Paddington have mini-marts/ news agents with postcards, umbrellas, and all things necessary for tourists, and there are inexpensive restaurants. The last night we were there, the Live8 charity concert was going on in Hyde Park, so we opened the windows and listened to it live, while watching on TV. Quite funny. The staff was very helpful -- we left for a sidetrip for a few days, and they let us leave our extra bags with them. The hotel itself is on a busy street, but set back so that the noise is minimal, in a row of other very similar hotels with similarly grandiose names. &quot;The Royal Cambridge Hotel&quot; isn't royal, hasn't anything to do with Cambridge, and is a bit scruffy for a hotel, but it's all right for the price and we did fine there. It's very hard to differentiate among the similar small hotels of London based on their websites, so I'd say pick for location and price. We felt reasonably safe coming back to the neighborhood after dark. Our rooms were on the back side of the hotel, overlooking a wide shared yard area toward another row of houses/hotels -- drab but interesting, because after all, it's London!	
Aug 9 2006 	Nice hotel in an excellent location	Excellent location and a nice hotel. We found this hotel by chance as we were booked to another hotel which was not nice at all. Staff were very helpfull and we had a very large double with a large bathroom. Very good value for money.	
Jul 19 2006	Don't ever stay there	We stayed at the Royal Cambridge in May 2006.they could not find our reservation so we got a room in the basement with no window or air condition.We payed up front for 2 nights.After being out all day Saturday we come home to find that EUR 1600 has been stolen from our room even though there is no sign of a break in.When we tell them about the break in at the reception they just laugh and tell us to call the police ourselfs.the police comes and advice us to leave our luggage at Paddington Station as they do not trust the hotel.At check out the hotel tell us that we do not have to pay anything which of course is very nice. the funny thing is that after coming home the have charged us double for our stay...even though they could'nt find our reservation that has been guaranteed with a credt card......so thats where they got the credit card details from....!!!So everybody...please do not stay at this hotel	
Jun 29 2006	Disaster at the Royal Cambridge	Very disappointing. Dirty and noisy. Toilet seat was broken and had to be replaced. Only one half of the lights worked and they were not fixed during our stay. Breakfast hours are short and can make it hard to eat.	
Nov 20 2005	Very dated small beds	The good thing about this hotel is that it's very near Paddington Station - only about five minute's walk. I wouldn't stay there again though - my room was very dated, and the bed was tiny. They need to spend some money on this place before I'd consider it again. Also, I know this sounds picky, but the TV was very small! Basically the Royal Cambridge is in a nice central location, but there are much better hotels in central London.	
Aug 9 2005	you get what you pay for - not much	Very spartan, and cramped in some rooms. Bed too soft. Cleanliness suspect. We left after 1 night, willing to pay more for a nicer place.	
Jun 29 2003	take care	Whereas staying here was not bad, money matters are of concern. I found the hotel on the net and agreed to a price and confirmation. After arriving the price was raised. After two nights I found many similar hotels in that area at less money and nicer. The 'breakfast' was only toast compared to 'English' breakfasts Adding insult to injury I was charged 6 pounds for a gin and tonic, which is double even the best of hotels. Be sure and check around before committing here.	
Jun 29 2003	A fuir ! Belle arnaque.		
Nov 16 2009 	Eine Katastrophe		
Aug 16 2009 	Tétrico		
Jun 8 2009 	Indecente da evitare assolutamente		
Feb 19 2009 	point de chute sans saveur hormis la localisation		
Oct 9 2008 	horroroso		
Jun 30 2008 	hotel à conseiller		
