Sep 7 2008 	What more can you ask for?	A great hotel that ticks all the boxes. It is comfortable, warm and the breakfasts are excellent. Close to the tube station, less than a 10 minute walk. Used this as a base to take in some of tourist attractions and catch up with friends, I still can't believe the excellent value for money and high level of cleanliness of the hotel. Service was of an oustanding quality. Will stay here again.	
Jul 3 2008 	great stay	We stayed in a family room, We wanted a clean, comfortable, hotel that was easy with children and at an affordable cost.We achieved all of these with this hotel. The staff were fantastic and really helpful, from booking through to checking out.the rooms was clean bright and comfy..  bathroom snug . Breakfast was great and very easy with children. I'll stay again	
Aug 26 2007	Will stay there again	Searching the internet for somewhere to stay for the weekend of the RL Challenge Cup Final at Wembley this year I came across ONE review for The Hanger Hill Hotel. This was generally favourable for my needs for the weekend so I took the challenge to put it to the test. This is NOT a 5 star hotel if you're expecting a standard comparable to the Ritz. What it is, is a friendly well run hotel within easy access to London (via tube) with all the amenities required for a low budget stay within easy access to Central London. The room we had was spacious with an en suite that had a poweful shower to say the least. There was a TV in the room with remote control. There was adequate wardrobe space with plenty clothes hangers and a telephone if required.The room was pleasantly decorated. The bed was comfortable with clean bedding. Towels provided as per norm. There was a standard breakfast with cereal, toast, orange juice and choice of breakfast to your requirements, more than adequate and of very good standard. The dining room with tea and coffee facilities (at no extra charge) were available until midnight. We arrived early on the day of arrival and were welcomed with a friendly welcome from the staff and allowed up to our room to unload and allowed a light breakfast and friendly chat .(we weren't even charged for the breakfast) Finally, a word about the staff that run this hotel. Well, they have the time to speak to you and advise you of the cheapest and best way to spend your time in London and Ealing. The friendliness of the staff in this hotel more than makes up for a 5* Hotel in the centre of London. Higly recommended. Thanks to Karen, Rebecca and the rest of the staff for a really enjoyable weekend. We certainly will be back in the future. The Hotel does not have a Visitor's Book. I'm not sure why as I'm sure there would be no complaints in it!	
Jun 12 2006	Best in Ealing? 4-and-a-half stars	I've been looking for decent and low-cost accommmodation in Ealing for when I work in West London. I've tried several so far, but am currently staying at Hangar Hill Hotel. And, compared to the 3 others I've found which are close to where I work, this is by far and away the best place I've stayed at. At the time of writing I paid £50 per night, which includes breakfast. The room rate is more or less the same as other local places (with the exception of a popular hotel chain which is a good deal more expensive), but normally I've found cooked breakfast to be an additional charge. In one other local place I was charged extra for an en-suite. Hangar Hill Hotel has everything included in the £50 per night.A short (less than 10 minute) walk from Ealing Broadway tube station, Hangar Hill Hotel is easily close enough to walk down to the Broadway itself (plenty of pubs and restaurants, and a couple of nightclubs). If you want to go into London, a travelcard - which will take you anywhere you want to go in the city and back for as many stops as you like - costs just over £5. The journey into, say, Regent Street will take you around 25 mins on the Central Line from Ealing Broadway. Depending on how your night has gone it's a relatively easy walk back to the guest house from the tube station, too (although all uphill when walking back from the Broadway tube). For the less energetic traveller, the taxi fare from Ealing Broadway tube station to Hangar Hill Hotel is between £4 and £5 (GBP). When I got a cab back from outside the tube station, the taxi driver immediately knew the guest house which was a relief - but earlier in the day when I'd dropped my luggage back there, I had a bit of a job to find it - it's worthwhile calling the guest house if you're unfamiliar with the area. There is limited off-road parking directly outside the guest house, if you're driving.I was greeted by the friendly and helpful staff at the front desk. I was showed straight to my room without fuss, before then being asked whether I might like a front door key in case I will be returning after midnight (after which time the front door gets locked). The staff seemed genuinely welcoming and this made a refreshing change from some of the other places I've stayed in!I wasn't sure what to expect of the room, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The room was light, airy, and very clean with a double-bed and en-suite. The room was more spacious than I was expecting and enabled me to breathe a sigh of relief instantly. The en-suite was a touch on the small side - but contained all the basics and was again very clean. The sink really is quite small, and I've yet to try shaving there - but the size of the bedroom more than makes up for it.With it's laminate flooring the room was pleasantly cool even though, currently early June, it's starting to get quite warm out. I didn't notice any air-conditioning controls within the room. Facilities include 2 cabinets (one on either side of the double bed, one of which had a bed-side lamp the other of which hosted a telephone), a wardrobe, a dressing table with chair and large mirror, a high wall-mounted TV, and a further mirror (full length). I was a bit worried by the lack of an alarm clock since my phone was out of charge, and the TV didn't include an alarm function. I was very happy indeed though when, having called reception to explain the problem and ask for a wake-up call, I was offered the loan of a charger to suit my phone. At the same time, I was offered use of an iron should I need one in the morning.The guest house seemed very quiet and relaxed, and after getting home late in the evening I was able to wind down and get a good nights' sleep. The bed was not uncomfortable, though I've slept in better, and overall I was very glad to have chosen Hangar Hill Hotel over other more local places - in this I include both other guest houses but also at least 1 popular hotel chain.Full cooked breakfast was included in the cost. Breakfast was cooked fresh while I waited: fried egg, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, fresh (not tinned) cooked tomatoes, and beans. There were a selection of cereals and bread (for toast). The dining room also hosts a tea and coffee machine which serves out latte and cappucino along with the standard stuff. There was a label giving prices of soft drinks, too (cans, bottles etc) which I guess you need to ask for from the staff. Over breakfast I had a good selection of (at least 4 or 5) newspapers to choose from.Final note is that - while my room was a non-smoking room - there was also a cigarette vending machine in the lobby. It's not everyone's thing, but I'm a smoker so it was of interest to me.Overall, I would definitely stay there again and indeed plan to do so for the next couple of weeks when working in Ealing. I would even give these guys 5 stars except for only 1 real downside:The en-suite really was kind of small. It doesn't actually bother me _too_ much, but it's something to be wary of. Also - the shower-head was partially blocked by limescale although it still (half) worked. It still provided a decent shower but I've got to admit that it was about the only thing that stood out as &quot;bad&quot;. Take that as you will - personally I think that if it's the only bad thing, then overall it's pretty good!!Things that other travellers may be interested to note (though which didn't concern me) were:1. Lack of an alarm clock. If you have a mobile phone, this probably wouldn't be of concern to you. Indeed, I actually wouldn't have noticed had my mobile been fully charged, but the helpfulness of the staff (in supplying me a phone charger) more than made up for this very minor issue.2. Some might be concerned by the &quot;basic&quot; TV. While there was excellent reception on all UK terrestrial channels, there are no satellite channels (no news channels, as an example). Personally I wouldn't be expecting anything other than terrestrial, but worth mentioning I guess.3. I don't think there was any internet connection - though in all honesty I didn't turn my laptop on and so didn't search too hard. I was there to relax after work, so didn't bring my work home with me. Maybe they run wireless? But I didn't see any information anywhere to indicate this. Worth checking, if that would be important to you.To sum up though - 4.5 stars for sure (based on the rating of 4 stars being &quot;Above average&quot; and 5 being &quot;Excellent&quot; - for me they were &quot;almost excellent&quot; :) If I'd had a different room, with a slightly larger en-suite (and an unblocked shower-head) I would easily have given them 5 stars. It is BY NO MEANS your 5 star luxury hotel, but for the economy traveller or even business traveller who wants to keep expenses down, it really is pretty much excellent. Can't ask for more, for the price - the others I've stayed in so far were not half as nice as Hangar Hill House. Will be there again tonight, and next week, and the week after. It now takes place as my preferred backup when the &quot;cost-free&quot; options (supplied by my company) are unavailable.	
