Oct 31 2009 	Not as bad as it seems	Advantages: great location, we chose it on purpose as we were going to watch a Chelsea match and it's a 10-min walk from Stamford Bridge through the Old Brompton Cemetery. Very close to the Old Brompton Tube station and bus-stop. A lot of pubs nearby. Friendly guys at reception. Disadvantages - tiny rooms, meagre breakfastHowever you don't expect much from a 2-star hotel, especially at such low prices, do you? Anyway if you go to your room just to sleep, and you spend most of the day out, it's OK. Next time I go to London I'll probably stay there again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Just average I wouldn't stay there for more than 3 days...	To begin with, I had supposedly booked a room with 4 beds in it. Instead I got 1 double bed and 2 single beds, and the room was so small that you could barely walk in it. Second, we found a cupboard full with empty bottles of beer and a t-shirt behind one of the beds, apparently belonging to the previous user(s), clear indication that the cleanliness of the place was way below the acceptable standards.Breakfast was fine in quantity and variety, although there were only three tables, so if you didn't go early enough you had to wait (fortunately it was not our case, but nevertheless you feel sort of uncomfortable when you know that someone is waiting for you to finish your breakfast to have theirs).Anyway, the hotel was very well located, next to Earl's Court tube station, and in a quiet neighbourhood.	
Sep 12 2009 	nasty hotel	the umpteenth nasty hotel in london. not much to say... I booked a single room with shared facilities. Horrible room and dirty shared bathroom. Poor breakfast included.Simply avoid it	
Nov 24 2008 	Great location cheap accomodation and... not very impressive breakfast!	We were very happy to find a hotel in such a good location at such a friendly price. The room we shared with the three of us was fairly small but had its own (tiny) bathroom with a shower. Fairly clean even if everything was quite old (bed sheets had little holes in them).We were very disappointed with breakfast: there are only three tables in the reception area, it was totally over heated and over crowded and the cereal was stale...Good choice if you are not picky and want to stay just minutes away from the tube (Earls Court station) at a friendly price!	
Oct 7 2008 	Great value Very Friendly/Helpful	Our family of four, two boys aged 11 &amp; 8, loved this place. The staff were really friendly and helpful. In fact when we checked in the chap carried our bags to our room. We were allowed to leave our luggage, free of charge, for several hours, on the day of departure. The staff even allowed us to utilise their kitchen facilities to heat up tea on our first night. The rooms were serviced daily with clean towels. The breakfast was simple but fresh and filling (corn flakes, toast, coffee/tea, juice) and tastier than that of the Travelodge!I travel to London frequently and had the benefit to visit all potential hotels for our stay. I visited Paddington, Victoria, Earls Court, Kennsington, Kings Cross &amp; most of the inner city Travelodges. I chose the Sara Hotel because it was the cleanest, largest rooms, handy location to the tube, nice &amp; quiet street, friendly and of course the price. The Sara was a stand out and when we stayed it exceeded our expections.As an airline pilot, I stay at a lot of high quality hotels around the world and have a fair idea of what makes a good hotel. Although the Sara is not a 5 star, it's charm and good nature rate it highly. I strongly recommend the Sara Hotel as a great value for money hotel and would take my family to stay there again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Dont even think about staying here not even for one night!	We stayed here for one night to save going home then coming back to London the day after. So we really only slept and changed clothes here! Good thing really as the hotel was awful I think staying in a skip would have been cleanerWe arrived and were told our room was in the basement, we got in and found in case of fire we would have break a window!The room was dirty, shabby, and tiny, the bed was so wobbly that every time my partner rolled over he woke me up. He almost slept on the floor but didn't cos the dirt. My watch fell under the bed and when I retrieved it I was shocked to see that the carpet was under a thick layer of dust We didn't dare use the shower it was filthy, smelt, no water pressure and had mildew on the walls, and shower curtain. It was advertised as 24 hour check in however when we returned quite late there was sign telling you to call a phone number if you needed help!If you are literally only using as a base to sleep and stop off before going exploring etc book somewhere else! I wouldn't stay here again despite the cheapness of the hotel. you are much better paying extra and staying in Central LondonThe only good think about this hotel was the proximity of the tube station.	
Aug 2 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful	I stayed here with my friend while visiting London. We needed cheap accomodation in central London. The location is excellent, less than a minute from the underground station. Upon check in, the staff were friendly and helpful, answering all my questions about travelling in London cheaply. The room was clean and adequate for our purposes and reflected the price we paid. The hotel is great if your are looking for a cheap, no frills room with friendly staff in a central location.	
Jun 29 2008 	Not as bad as people are saying.......	I was worried booking this hotel after reading the reviews on here, but some are going back to 2004. Our twin room was small and the furnature old and a bit tired. The bed linen and towels were old but clean enough, the shower room was the same, clean enough but old. The staff were friendly and helpful. For a very cheap hotel in London, being very close to the train/tube station it is perfect for short stays, especially if spending long days out touring around or as we were doing just the one night in London for a concert in Hyde Park. I feel we got what we paid for, value for money. Altogether a pretty good experience. Pay by cash as there is a surcharge for credit cards, but it is given in the information when you book.	
Jan 5 2008	sara hotel	very small rooms..and not so clean..not everyone in the hotel was kind...	
Oct 23 2006 	Soo much disappointed	This hotel is not even worth one star. It has been the worst hotel-experience in my life. They cheated us big time, never use your credid card here. The hotel is very dirty, very bad maintained. The staff is doubtful and they speak very poor English.	
May 6 2006	One of the worst cheap hotel in London	I stayed in Sara Hotel in November 2005. I booked 2 double rooms and one of them had the dimensions to be consider a double one.Rooms were filthy, full of dust, stinky of smoke of previous guests (the color of he curtains was grey while the original one should be white!). My room was the horrible number 4 (almost underground!). There was no place on the ground where to leave our luggages and so no the possibility to exit from the room in case of immediate necessity. The moquette had many signs of sigarettes (holes) and there were also pieces of nails of unknown origin. The bathroom did no have any heating, but was full of rust (could be dangerous for people with children!). So unless you are person attracted by strange stains on bedcover and spider webs, I would reccomend you not to go there!By the way, I have asked to the local authorities in the area for an inspection and, at least, they forced the manager to remove the cappuccino and coffee machine from the owner's bathroom.	
Jan 22 2006 	Avoid this place !!!!!!!!!!	When you are looking for similar accomodation please try the rubbish dump! Do not ever got to this place unless you like extreme filthy and smelly rooms which haven't been cleaned in years. Go to Sara Hotel if you want to find strange hairs between the dirty bedlinnen or under your smelly pillow. Definitely go to Sara Hotel if you want to wait for 10 minutes before the water in the shower starts getting warm, take a shower and then get the feeling you come out more dirty than you were before. Book immediately if you like retarded staff, or if you love poor breakfast with reused marmalade, dirty plates and cutlery etc. etc. etc. etc.	
Nov 28 2005 	disgusting!!!	I have never seen a more filthy, smelly and disgusting place! My husband, my father, my aunt and I booked this hotel through the internet, looking at the pictures on the net they didn't look too bad. We booked two single rooms and a double. After driving a very long 6 hours from holyhead we arrived at 5 in the morning. We were told &quot;Your room is up there, number 7&quot;. We struggled up the narrow stairs with our luggage. The smell in the room was of mould, old tobacco and dried urine. They had orange stripy, stained material on the floor instead of carpet. The walls were covered in dirty pink wallpaper with lots of holes filled in with unpainted polyfiller. We pulled back the throwover on the bed to reveal dirty brown stains on the sheets and throw. Thinking we wouldn't find another hotel this late we asked to be moved to another room. They moved us to another room, which was almost as bad. It wasn't as smelly, and at least this one had carpet! We removed the covers from the bed and laid out our towels beneath us and used our coats as covers. My father and aunt had arrived earlier by plane. Their rooms were just as bad with the smell and the filthy beds and shower. My aunt even found blood stains on the blankets. The showers were covered in mould. My room was opposite my aunts. I turned on the shower and a trickle of cold water came out. I went across to her room to check out her shower. I turned it on, the same cold trickle of water came out and the water in my room stopped when she turned hers on. On top af all this hassle, the workers were following us around demanding payment, probably afraid we wouldn't pay after such a bad experience. I asked to speak to the manager and I was told he will be waiting for me the next morning. The next morning not only was the manager not there but there was no receptionist either, we thought they must be all hiding. We left our Keys with the obviously blind or mental cleaning lady who kept bursting into our room every hour. This place should be burned to the ground. It is like stepping into your worst nightmare. Avoid this place at all costs. I'm only sorry I didn't take pictures to post here. you really wouldn't believe how a place so awful could be open and running. Do they not have health inspectors in London??	
Sep 30 2004 	Mouldy Hotel	My colleague was relocated to this &quot;hotel&quot; by the Exhibiton Court Hotel 1, who were unable to honour his booking with them. He was given a basement bedroom that was filthy and very damp. The carpet was black with mould. Needless to say he did not stay the night. Do not stay in this hotel!	
Aug 20 2004	Terrible Doesn't Even Begin to Explain	This hotel (dirt trap) was the worst experience ever. We flew in on a red eye and when we got to the hotel, we just wanted to shower and head out. Well the room was tiny, i mean we expected small, but this room couldn't even fit our luggage. The bathroom was dirty with hair everywhere (and it wasn't ours). There was a dirty cigarette tray in our closet. There were tufts of hair under our ripped blanket. There were even toe nail clippings on the floor. To say the least, we left immediately and found a clean place down the street. Do Not Even Enter.	
Jun 9 2004	Disappointing	I was a bit disappointed with this hotel. One does have to expect small, somewhat moldy rooms for this price, and at least the rooms are ensuite and the location central. Even though I e-mailed with them several times, though, they did not have my reservation and tried to make me pay a higher price since all they had available was a double. Everything else was pretty passable--again, you can't expect much more for the price. It's worth it to look around for something a little nicer, though.	
Apr 13 2004	Terrible hotel....	This was the worst hotel I have ever been in my life. The uncomfortable bed, the poor breakfast, the size of the room, they were nothing compared to the dirty of the place. It is so dirty that even the rats run away from it ! The toilet/shower are very dirty, the carpets and walls are dirty, the bed-linnen are dirty, the windows are dirty.... Don't ever think about going to this place ! You'd better sleep in the subway !	
Sep 18 2003	bad experience	I have been to London 4 times now, but I have never seen such a dirty hotel. You cannot expect an exclusive room, if it should be affordable, but do I pay for cleaning the toilet myself ten times and still cannot sit on? I do not know what the dirt on the walls, carpet and also the bed was and I do not want to know. I only know, that it was artistic not to touch anything I did not have to. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone!!!!!	
