Nov 22 2007 	so bad it was farcical!	Stayed here for three nights recently. Absolutely awful! Room was shabby and dusty. Television did not work. Curtains in window were patrially off the hooks so curtains did not close fully. Toilet only flushed after three or four attempts. T.iles were cracked in the bathroom. This hotel is so awful it is farcical. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is in central London.	
Sep 11 2007 	Excellent Location No Maintainence	The owners of this hotel probably realise that they have an excellent location. They know that the property is not too large to fill and given the locational advantage (Baker Street tube station is 5min walking distance) they will always get idiots like me who will pay GBP 100 + for a lousy room.Would still consider this as you do not get too many better options for this price in Central London. But if you do, pls stay away. The hotel staff is not arrogant but has a &quot;you need me, I don't need you&quot; kind of attitude.Expect a basic room with barely clean toilets. No elevators, cramped corridor. Wodden structure and Road facing so noise levels can be disturbing. If the idea is to explore London from a central location and use the hotel to just come back late at night and crash then book. Else please use the review and stay away !	
Sep 1 2007 	Could be a bargain if you book your train at the same time.	Midrange hotel, close the the magnificient regent park, the Cherlock Holmes Museum as well as Tussaud, cabs, buses, underground.ONE TIP: book your train/plane on expedia at the same time, or via a booking website and NOT directly to the hotel wich is 50 % more ... it was 100 euros instead of 150 !Breakfast not good .... but included with the price.BEN	
Jun 14 2007 	only if you are desperate	you could class this as 'shabby chic' but forget the chic. forget it if you are at all fussy as the floors needed a darn good vaccuumingstayed for 1 night very convenient location for a trip to wembley stadium/ baker st tubebreakfast good and staff very polite Bed was very uncomfortable but no worse than a 4* I stayed in a few months agovalue for money - never can tell in London!	
Apr 17 2006	everything we needed very friendly and helpful staff	Location excellent. Room seemed a bit shabby on first look but proved to have everything two of us needed, comfortable beds, hot water, relatively quiet outlook (depends on which room, we used 3 over our 2 stays,) hair dryer, free safe, TV etc. Some rooms were pretty tight but still comfortable. Breakfast excellent, staff very helpful and courteous and friendly.Underground transport to Heath Row easy from Marylebone.Price a bargain for London and we would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 23 2005	Pretty good place.	I just got back from a 2 1/2 week stay at the Regent's Park Hotel. I was traveling by myself and I was given a double room. It was a pretty decent size room, with a big shower. I was given a room on the first floor in the back so I wasn't bothered by any traffic noise, but the floors on top were kind of squeeky so sometimes I was woken up by the noise. Breakfast was served in the restaurant next door and consisted of 3 kinds of cereals, meats, cheese, hard boiled eggs, fruit salad, tomato and lettuce salad, yougurt, croissants, and rolls, coffee and tea. Great way to start out a long day of site seeing. The restaurant next door (Malasian) was excellent if you are to tired to go out to eat. The Baker Street tube is a 5 minute walk from the hotel, as well as Tesco, a supermarket with great ready made sandwiches, pasta, and salads. I would definitly stay here again. The staff was great and helpful (the manager helped me lug my 2 suitcases upstairs).	
Oct 29 2005	Good Location	Neighbourhood: This hotel is located in a pleasant area, close to two Underground stations (Baker Street and Marylebonne. Glouscester Place is a one way street that gets very busy from about 7a.m. until late in the evening.Our Room: Not bad. We (two people) were placed in a room for three. It was clean and comfortable. And, apart from the room needing a fresh coat of paint, we were happy for the extra space and good the good sized bathroom. The shower was a little tight. If you dropped the soap one would have to &quot;plies&quot; gracefully (like Anna Pavlova) to pick it up. The room was cleaned daily.Breakfast: Served in the adjacent Singaporean restaurant's main dining room on the basement level. We were very impressed with the massive atrium. The breakfast fare consisted of: cereals, yoghourt, fruit, croissants, cheese, juice, coffeee, etc...Staff: They were always very friendly and helpful. I had difficulty starting the heater, so I called for help and the concierege came immediately. Not a bad place to stay. I would seriously consider staying here again on future trips to LONDON.	
Oct 11 2005	Good location-average hotel	Had a problem with the key upon checking in and didn't appreciate the condescending owner telling us that we &quot;don't listen&quot;. His contact with the public is limited thank god and we only saw him again once (grey hair in pony-tail). Regent's Park Hotel appears to be run by a Turkish-Brit family. I have no real complaints about the place, it was bare bones yet wasn't lacking in any necessities. The first picture on the expedia website of the hotel is inaccurate, there is no green overhang. The buffet breakfast is in a quiet adjacent restaurant and included yogurt, croissants, sliced ham, slice cheese, sliced turkey, orange juice, tea or coffee, rolls, 3 kinds of cereals and was great. There is also a McDonalds and Starbucks down Baker Street if you miss the breakfast. Its in a good location since its only 5 minutes to the Baker Street Tube stop but i'd try another location next time. Good cheap food is not readily available in all parts of London and Gloucester Place is one of those areas. Good food at affordable prices required a hike down to Oxford Street or over the Edgeware Road. We ate once near the Paddington Crown Quality Inn and agreed that hotel was in a better location.	
Aug 5 2005	Keep your expectations realistic and you won't regret this.	We stayed here at the tail end of a business trip for some personal travel days. After staying in one of the best hotels in the city, I was expecting the contrast to be difficult but keeping in mind the excellent price (67 GBP) I never regretted the decision.The room key is a long rectangular plastic card, about 1.5 the length and twice the thickness of a credit card. It unlocks the door mechanically and also must stay inserted in the room fusebox to activate electricity.Avoid the upper rooms if the weather is warm as they're warmer than the lower ones. My room had a standing fan but it made a lot of noise; there was a bit of a heat wave at the time so I resorted to sleeping under a wet towel, which worked pretty well.The bathroom had seen better days but was nonetheless functional. Soap and linen provided. No clock or alarm is available (not counting the TV), and the wake-up call service is unreliable; hence, a traveller's clock would be a good idea/purchase. Say hello to the parrot in the lobby, but keep your distance if you're standing nearby as the droppings splatter.Madame Tussaud's is within easy walking distance, as is an excellent pub, a camera store, and a cheap (1GBP per half hour) internet cafe, all south/southeast within 2-3 blocks. Several convenience stores within a block or two. If you are looking for good restaurants/pubs head South/Southeast about 6-7 blocks and just wander from there.Tube (Baker Street) is about 4-5 walk away. If you're not familiar with London, major attractions (West End, Leicester Square, etc.) are reachable within 15-20 minutes but you will have to transfer subway lines probably once.If you are a business traveller or don't mind the extra expense, avoid the hotel's taxi service as it was slow and took away from the time we'd allotted to check in early at the airport. Rather, hail a street cab (faster) or take the tube to Heathrow (cheaper).The bed was clean, the bathroom was clean and functional; both were cleaned daily. That's pretty much all I was looking for. If you are prepared for a few rough edges, you should be able to enjoy your stay here.	
Jun 5 2005 	Very good hotel near a beautiful park	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Sep 2004, purchased for a good rate on expedia. The location is excellent - near baker street tube stop. Also within walking distance of the lovely Regents Park. There was some street noise in the room but not too bad. The beds were decent and the room was OK clean. Initially we had a problem with the plumbing but the staff were quick to help. All the staff I met were very friendly and helpful, one of the best things about this hotel. There was no lift but the staff were happy to help me with my luggage (which I did not experience in other hotels). Breakfast was decent as well. All in all a great stay and recommended.	
Mar 13 2005	Good Hotel	Good London hotel for your money. It's a little walk from the underground, but is close to a great stop with several connections. It is also very close to a great, inexpensive pub. The free breakfast was good - coffee or tea, meat and cheese for sandwiches, toast, crossants, hard boiled eggs, etc.The room was very small but clean. I'd definitely recommend it!	
Feb 28 2005	Nice Stay	The room was clean. The bathroom was as well. The bed was very comfortable. The area was excellent. The staff was helpful and friendly. It's a good budget hotel for the money.	
Feb 4 2005	thank god i came to this hotel despite some bad reviews posted at your site.	i arrived in the hotel on the 31st january and leaving in a few minutes from now. i read the reviews posted at your site and they were a mixture of both excellent and terrible reviews. i was really not sure what to do but then as luck would have it, i had no choice as i was landing at heathrow in a few hours time and there was no time to explore any further. i was apprehensive but the treatment i recd from the moment i entered the reception on the 31st until today (4th feb) has been exemplary. this certainly does not reduce the hurt felt by other guests but then one asks to himself/herself why is it that one person is excited and other is not. well the answer may well lie within the 'context'. in a particular context something terrible can happen (from one's point of view) where as the same was in order from some other person's viewpoint. i wish to make a small suggestion to you pls - if it is possible, in cases where guests have raised serious concerns about a behaviour or transaction, it may be worthwhile putting the views of the hotel also in the same space so that new guests can take a considered decision. well, i for one, was surely lucky that i came here. speaking further, the room was clean, the water was hot and with pressure, the linen was clean, the breakfast was simple yet good, the noise was not there as i was on the back side of the gloucester place so all in all a wonderful experience. for me it was even better as i was working on the harcourt street that isa walking distance from the hotel.	
Dec 8 2004 	Do not go - dishonest	Small, smelly room. I have been duped with the payment ( a pc virus made two bookings for the same room) and the owner charged twice. Dishonest people, do not go there.	
Oct 4 2004	A Birdlover's Idyll	Love this hotel -- it feels like my second home. I always stay at the Regents Park on my way back to America from overseas. The lobby has a feathered resident, Zilli the African Grey Parrot, who likes to chew up, oh, passports, credit cards, what have you...! The staff are quiet and friendly; they'll fix you up with a ride to the airport, or recommend a favorite London museum (try the Imperial War Museum). Rooms are small but complete. Get a room facing the back (Gloucester Place road noise). Good water pressure, good hot water. Food at adjoining Singapura restaurant is tasty; conti breakfast nice and filling. A quick walk to the Queen Mum's rose garden in Regent's Park. But the best part... is Zilli the bird!	
Sep 6 2004	happy hoilday	me and wife stayed at the hoilday inn regents park.we found it very accessable to everything.oxford street was only 10 mins from the hotel,my wife found that great for all her shopping.all the staff where very helpful and friendly.the room was very clean,if a little small,but for the time we spent in it,it was ok.there was a huge breakfast menu,from fresh fruit,to cooked or cereuls.lots of info in the room,or down stairs.the food in the restaurant was very nice,and the prices where reasonable for london.all in all the staff at the hotel made our hoilday a very happy one.to all the staff a big thank you to you all.we will be staying there again when we come back to london. allan sheila ferguson	
Aug 4 2004	Very Nice Place to Stay	Stayed in this hotel July 17-20th 2004 and booked it due to the previous reviews on this site. This hotel is well situated and is very comfortable and clean. The standard of service and room quality is much lower in London then elsewhere, but I felt that this property gave me value for my money. The only complaint I have was that it was hot during my stay, and unfortunately in order to get air into the room, we had to have the window open. As we were in the front of the hotel, we overlooked the street which is a very busy street with buses and cars running up it all night long. This would not bother me in the fall or winter, but if you stay in the summer I would suggest you ask for a back facing room. The breakfast was good, with a reasonable assortment of options, but the 10 cereals (only 3) and the pain au chocolate the other reviewer mention were not present during our stay, however it was varied enough for the 4 days we were there. Note for the English Breakfast you have to pay extra. I found the beds a little hard for my liking, but to each their own. The location is fantastic otherwise, very close to Baker Street Tube Station with lots of shops and restaurants all around. I would definately stay there again.	
Mar 29 2004	ordinary	Staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean, so ok for a 2 star hotel. However, the management did not acknowledge the inconveniences we had, I think he should have offered us some compensation, a discount, some fruits, or flowers. We checked in late afternoon when it was still bright outside and when we returned late and tired in the evening, we found our room in darkness, both the ceiling and wall lightbulbs were broken. At first, we thought we didn't know how the light switch worked, so after trying out all switches with no success, we had to call the reception. He was very helpful but we wasted almost half an hour in the dard whilst he went 3 flights of stairs up and down, to get the bulbs. I asked for compensation but no one paid attention to our request. We are asked to write to the management. I reserved this hotel based on the positive comments, so am I being too critical ? I would try out another hotel next time. The rate is not that good either : 89 pounds for a double room.	
Mar 14 2004	Loving the breakfast!!	We got there about 10am Friday, and our rooms were ready- even though the check in time is around 2 o clock! The rooms are a bit small, but enough space to move around in and very clean! Beds are comfy, enough channels on the TV (even French, Spanish, German and radio!) Movies are ?7-95 but they were all recent ones such as Pirates of the Caribbean and Matrix. You can also pay for a Playstation. Enough tea/coffee choices in the room and a sachet of Galaxy milk chocolate which went down well!! Minibar is expensive though! Didnt open it! Got woken up by a fire alarm 6-30am on Sat, but we were back in the building within 10mins, and in another 10mins, a letter of apology from the manager had arrived- was impressed! The breakfast choice was huge and tried nearly everything. Rolls, croissants, pain au chocolat, cereal (about 10kinds and toppings) fresh fruit, fruit salads, cheeses, ham, yogurt, cooked breakfast (everything)....list goes on!! Lots of info in the room, and downstairs. Friendly staff helped us and gave us a map. Only about 5-10mins walk from Oxford St. and up the road is the tube station and bus stop. Only gripe was when we tried to get on the internet in the hotel it wouldn't work, as you have to pay by card. The food in the restaurant is nice too, and prices are reasonable for London. Next door to the famous Portland Hospital!! A good deal!!	
Mar 12 2004	A real find	This hotel is close to the centre of London and also to one of the city's loveliest green spaces, Regent's Park. The rooms and studios are simply but comfortably furnished, and clean. Someone with a green thumb makes sure that plants flourish in all the public areas, even outside the entrance in February, and Zili -- a delightful parrot -- takes an intelligent interest in all the guests. Mohammed Asas, the manager, who presides over the reception desk by day, could easily double as a concierge at the Ritz. He is gracious and kind and gives excellent advice on every kind of practical problem; his shrewd shopping recommendations would do Which? (or Consumer Reports in the US) proud. For an alternative to the very good Malaysian and Chinese food in the downstairs restaurant, I suggest La Gauloise -- a 5-minute walk around the corner, on Melcombe Street -- where the miraculously light and airy quiches and first-rate salads would not be out of place in Paris, and are reasonably priced.	
Oct 4 2003	Wonderful stay	My husband and I stayed at the Regents Park and were thrilled. We found it easily accessable to everything you could possibly want to see in London via Baker street station and the &quot;Tube&quot;, which connected easily to the overground trian, or the double decker buses. We happened to be there during the summer heat wave of the century and in a country that does not do air conditioning this could have been a problem. Howerever I found this charming hotel above average for the area and price. We had a room facing the courtyard and it was quiet and cool. The water pressure in the shower was good and though the room was small, typical for London, it accomodated us very nicely. The Regents Park restaurant is absolutely the best chinese food I have ever experienced. This is for real. It is a little pricey but believe me it is worth it. We were there for two weeks and we ate there every night except three. We never got tired of it. It was so good. I would recommend the restaurant if you are in London no matter where you decide to stay.	
Jul 24 2006	prezzo alto qualitàpulizia e servizio scadente		
