Oct 31 2009 	Very good Hotel!!	Nice personal, real clean room , good transportation to Victoria Station, very good breadfast included. Recommend it 100%	
Oct 27 2009 	Good hotel for price	Having stayed at a number of Hioliday Inn Expresses across the UK - this was pretty much standard fare. The rooms were pleasant, and if you folded the bed-settee up, had enough room for two adults and a 15 year old lad. Room was always very clean, as was the remainder of the hotel.Staff are efficient in a detached way, but personable enough. Breakfasts were limited, but we always found plenty there to sustain us. While handily located to the train station, and a short walk from Wandsworth shopping centre (Southside) the only drawback was the noise from the loading/unloading at the adjacent BP Service Station at 4 am. We were at the extreme eastern end of the hotel, so it may not be a problem on the other side of the building.	
Sep 12 2009	It's a joke !!!	First of all; The public phone at the lobby is always out of order !! We had to walk 30 min everyday to use our telelphon card that we bought before we came to London !!And when we asked the staff when is this going to be fixed, they said&quot; Probably never because the management doesn't want to pay for a new one and it's been like this for ages !! Truly disgusting Management who they don't want to provide the simpest amenities while ripping off customers and pocketing the profit themselves !!I said fine, But at least put an out of order sign !! It turned out to be that the MANAGEMENT doesn't like to see that sign because they don't want to show people that things are out of order !! especially if there is inspection !! I would have loved to be when they are there to tell them that this hotel is not even worth one star !!!!!A	
Aug 27 2009 	A very average Hotel	Nothing special about this place - they charge you for car parking and they also charge you for using their wi-fi - in this case a scandalous £14-95 for one day.Basic rooms with no baths, and an extremely basic continental breakfast.I won't be returning.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed here for a week and had a great time!Our room was great, spacious, clean and quiet, nothing to complain about.Breakfast was ok., simple but reasonable choices of food.Location is great, the Wandsworth Town rail station is located within 5-minute walking distance and you can reach Waterloo Station in 15 minutes. You can also catch a bus No.44 (station is in front of mcdonalds) that will take you to Victoria station in 15-20 minutes. Just next to the hotel is M/S Simply food and mcdonalds.Overall, hotel is a good base for exploring London! I would definitely go back!	
Aug 4 2009 	Definitely worth staying here	We had 2 adults and 2 teens. We booked a double room with a full size bed and convertible sofa and we got exactly that. The rooms are small by American standards but typical for London hotel rooms. The staff were polite and helpful. The train station (Wandsworth Town) is within an easy walk and 4 stops from Waterloo Station. Breakfast was fine, nothing fancy but it is a budget hotel chain. Our only complaint is that the wireless internet is through Swisscom and was ~$22 US for one day.	
Jul 22 2009 	Will DEFINITELY stay here again !!	How wonderfully it all turned out !! I booked this hotel after searching long and hard on the internet for accomodation in London that met the following criteria: 1) located reasonably close to the touristy areas of Central London 2) walking distance from rail / tube station 3) reasonably priced 4) could accomodate 3 adults. Given that this was a sudden trip to London with only a week's notice and also that this was end June and the start of the second week of Wimbledon, it was a tall order. Anything that was available tended to be above US$300 per night while I was looking at something less than US$ 200 a night. Anyway, after trawling the internet for ages, I finally felt reassured by all the good reviews I'd read on Tripadvisor for this hotel so I went ahead and booked it for seven straight nights. I am really glad I did because this hotel was just wonderful. Excellent front desk staff - friendly and accomodating. We arrived at 9.30 AM after a long overnight flight and check in was at 2 PM. No problem. They stored our luggage and even offered us breakfast. Finally, they checked us in at around 12 noon, as soon a room was available. This was a great relief. B/F every morning was served in the lobby area. Nothing fancy - cereal, bread and croissants, yoghurt, juices, coffee, tea etc but very adequate, eat as much as you want and included in the room price. A three minute walk would bring us to Wandsworth Town rail station, from where one could take a train to either Waterloo or Vauxhall stations. From these points we could connect to the London Underground and then London was our Oyster (Pun intended. We bought one week Oyster TravelCards as soon as we landed in Heathrow. Strongly advised. Saves a packet of money - and time, each time you travel by bus or train in London. Simply very convenient and cost effective) It never took us more than 30 mintues from Hotel door to most places in Central London. For example, it would take us less than 30 minutes to London Victoria and maybe 15 to 20 minutes to Waterloo, door to door. We never felt we were travelling too much, it was so convenient. Right next door to the Hotel is a Marks and Spencers which is open very long hours. We would invariably drop in there on our way back to the Hotel late at night to pick up some very decent prepacked foods (salads, sandwiches and the like) which we could then have in our room. The room - and the overall hotel per se - was very clean and well maintained. Rooms cleaned before lunch every day, towels changed, no need to follow up on anything. The neighbourhood is quiet and very nice and clean as well. Felt perfectly safe walking back late at night. Just next to Wandsworth Town rail station is a lovely street with an antique shop and a few good sidewalk cafes that serve very good food. We caught good breakfasts there on a couple of occasions.On check out day, they again stored our luggage for the full day. This gave us a hassle free day in London. We got back at 6 PM, by which time we had requested the front desk to call us a cab to Heathrow. The cab arrived at the appointed time at a prearrranged price and off we went. There was only one minor problem through our stay. The airconditioning in the room did not seem to work too well at night leading to a mild stuffiness at times. While this was not a major concern, I must give credit to the front desk. When I mentioned this to the person in charge the second day, he did not give me the usual run around or sell me some concocted story or make false promises of getting it fixed that hotel staff often do. The guy was apologetic and upfront and told us that yes, the design of the Aircon system is such that it does not take the full load at night when all rooms are occupied. I appreciated his candor and his politeness and let the matter drop.I can truly say that a big reason why we enjoyed our London holiday as much as we did was this hotel - location, room, people, service et al.Based on our experience, I would unhesitatingly recommend it.	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent budget hotel	I've stayed here twice now, and for the price I can't fault it. Excellent comforatble room. Buffet breakfasts are perfectly acceptable. If you're a very light sleeper you might find that there is a constant traffic noise background (it is at the side of a major traffic roundabout), but despite that, considering how close it is to the centre of London it really offers excellent value for money. I've stayed in far worse 4 and 5 star hotels.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great place to lay your head down	This wasn't in the heart of London however was a short, less than 5 minute, walk to the train station. With a weekly pass I could take this train anywhere in London in 15 minutes. I think its location was great. It was close to the river and was in a quiet and safe area. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great hotel for a trip to London without paying the high price of being in the downtown area.	
May 29 2009 	Good standard for budget hotel	Perfectly functional, clean hotel. Not luxury, but good for a budget hotel. The hotel seems fairly new and is in a good location with parking at the front (£7.50 / night).	
May 26 2009 	The Place to Stay if you're not in a Hurry	I was encouraged by the positive reviews on this site, so I booked here. I started off thrilled but as the days went on I was less thrilled. The showers are beautiful and feel great! (Until they gush scalding water every 3 minutes) The staff is really helpful and polite! (Until they miss your wakeup call TWO days in a row, causing you to nearly miss 600 dollars worth of daytrips)(No alarm clock in the room?) The price of the hotel is so reasonable, and there's 24 hour transportation in London! (You're not really near where the action is, we lost over an hour a day commuting)I would stay here again if I had an Oyster Card for unlimited bus riding and a 2-week stretch of time, and if the hotel were cheaper. The continental breakfast is pretty darn nice. Paying 18 dollars a day to use the Internet is not nice.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great value for $$$	Arrived at the hotel at 1130 after a long flight and staff were more than helpful in organising a room. Great location to city, only about 300 meters from the train line. Very clean hotel, maintained daily. Large and comfortable rooms with really good bathroom facility. Plenty of pubs and restuarants nearby (within 1km). Staff really knowledgable of the area and helpful at all times. Would definetely stay again if I was in the area. Book early enough for really cheap rates	
Feb 2 2009 	This Place Is The Best	This is the BEST hotel ! I reviewed soo many hotels along with bed and breakfast for our stay. We were in London during a high travel season so had a hard time getting a bed and breakfast we wanted. This place was as good as staying at a Bed and Breakfast. The breakfast was way better than any place I have stayed in the states even. The selection was huge. We ate a very hearty breakfast with cold and hot drinks before we headed out every morning.The rooms were very large for England standards with a FULL bed. We had a couch and desk and a huge bathroom with a wonderful CLEAN shower that the shower head came off to massage tired feet from walking all over London. They cleaned our room spotless every day while we were touring. They are very helpful with giving directions. They have computers in the lobby you can pay to hook up to the internet, which was great for us to correspond with family in the states! They let us check in early when we got there and kept our luggage for us in lock until our room was ready and we returned for the day to finish the checking in process. It is about a 5 min. walk to the train station which takes you to the underground station in little time. There are restaurants and stores in walking distance too! We started out staying near Heathrow Airport where we flew into, but because of reviews of noise in the area switched to Wandsworth. I am soo glad we did. It was out of busy noise but close to the transportation. Want to stay here again!	
Feb 2 2009 	Fresh Clean Simple and Great Value	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Wandsworth-Battersea for 3 nights in January 2009. The reception staff is very accommodating and allows us for early check-in. The room is relatively spacious in London’s standard and it is not a problem for my family of four. It is definitely not deluxe but the hotel provides all we need: double bed + double sofa bed, in-room coffee and tea, carefully-designed toilet and shower which can be separated, and a very clean environment.Maximum four continental breakfasts are included per room with simple but reasonable choices of food. The staff members are very friendly and earnest to explain everything. Although there is no in-house restaurant, you can find different eating places within 3-minute walk. Two supermarkets are adjacent to the hotel.Accessibility is acceptable and it is located in Zone 2 of London fare zone. The Wandsworth Town rail station is located within 5-minute walking distance and there are frequent trains which can bring you to Waterloo Station in 15-20 minutes (Please note that Wandsworth Town rail station does not support Oyster card. You are advised to purchase the Day Travel Card instead). Alternatively, you can take Bus No. 44 to Victoria Station in case of rail upgrade work during some weekends.Given the price of less than 50 pounds per night, it is SUPER recommended for all non-deluxe travellers.	
Jan 31 2009 	Loved It	Just got back from a weeks holiday in London with my partner. Found this hotel through their web site and was really satisfied upon my arrival. Had a bit of a problem finding Wandsworth as I mixed up Town and Common. Don't make the error of carrying a large suitcase weighing 26kg as there are a lot of stairs in British stations!! The Holiday Inn is easy to find once you arrive and after a quick check-in took the lift up to our room. Very clean, comfy and relatively quiet and we slept well everynight.The buffet for breakfast was well stocked and plentiful.Great Pub called &quot;The Ship&quot; just next door or take a10 minutes walk up Alma street to a great Indian restaurant called &quot;The Chutney&quot;. One nigt we were just so tiered we went next door to the petrol station and bought a couple of salads (Marks and Spencer&quot; food no less) and took them up to our room. The desk manager at the hotel was very helpful and gave us some plates, knife and forks.Taking the train to the city centre everyday was easy, just change at Vauxhall to take the tube, easier than changing at Clapham Common in my opinion.Frankly on our next trip to London we shall return without a doubt to this hotel.	
Nov 15 2008 	Good comfortable stay	This hotel is located in the suburbs of London and not exactly in central London, so you have to be prepared to take the National Rail to get to central London. It's pretty easy though, because there are many trains running from Wandsworth Town Station (5 min walk from the hotel) to either Victoria or Waterloo station in Central London. Return train tickets to and fro central London cost 4 pounds, which could be slightly expensive if you take it every day, but still I managed to book the hotel at a fair bargain and only stayed there for 2 nights, so it was quite alright. The hotel itself is nice new and modern, with very nicely furnished rooms. Beds are comfortable, 4 pillows are provided for a double bed, and there's free instant coffee powder, sugar, cream etc. in the rooms with an electric kettle, so you can make coffee for yourself whenever you want. Breakfast each morning is plain and simple, with croissants, bread, cereals, fruits, yogurt, simple pastries, coffee, hot chocolate, juice etc. Free newspapers of The Independent are provided each morning at the reception counter, to read while having breakfast. Hotel staff is pleasant and helpful, and I spent less than a minute checking in and out. There's a MacDonald's almost right next to the hotel, which is pretty convenient. Overall I had a very nice and pleasant stay at this hotel, and despite its location being a little far from central London, I would recommend this place to those who're looking for a good hotel at a fair bargain.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great London base - and great value!	This hidden secret makes the perfect base for a London vacation. Perfectly situated on the South side of Wandsworth Bridge over the Thames, it's easy to pick up a bus into Fulham or Chelsea where you can join up with the tube for all points in London. There's also ample parking - and just outside the congestion zone.Walking is equally pleasant: stroll across the bridge or stay closer to home. It's no sacrifice: two of London's best pubs are within a 5-minute walk!If you book ahead, prices can be amazingly reasonable. We secured a nightly rate of 60 pounds, despite the fact that the 'posted rate' for walk-ins when we arrived was 190 pounds!Accommodation is typically Holiday Inn Express: clean, efficient, and with a generous continental breakfast thrown in. Could have done with a little more lighting in the bedroom area, but otherwise no complaints.	
Oct 29 2008 	Brilliant	Excellent Budget option south of the river. The hotel has been recently re-branded as a Holiday Inn Express, the bedding changed slightly as you have now a choice of pillows in the room, but this is one of the best HI Express hotels ive stayed in.Location is across the road from Wandsworth Town train station. It takes 10 mins to Waterloo, 5 mins to Vauxhall. Trains go every 3-4 mins or so.The hotel is also located near the N87 night bus route so handy for Vauxhall area. The hotel has a M&amp;S Simply food and a 24 hour mcdonalds next to the hotel so the fact that there isnt a restuarant on site is not a problem. Breakfast is the standard excellent HI Express fare.Bed was comfortable, room was very clean and spotless.Great stay!!Tip, ask for a room away from the lift area!!	
Oct 20 2008 	Great room	Stayed here for one night as we were going to a party nearby.It was a really clean, smart, modern room.It had everything that we needed and more.Good toiletries. Hairdryer. Full length mirror. No wardrobe but enough hanging space for 2 people but not for more than 2 days worth.Tea and coffee.Breakfast was quick and simple and healthy. Reminded me of a cafe more than a hotel but was perfect for our needs.Ice bucket and ice available in lobby which doubles as a bar area.It is frill free but very nice.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great value in London	Great value in an expensive city. We paid £55 for a double room with breakfast (one of the pay up-front deals) and it was well worth the money. As you would expect from Holiday Inn, the hotel is well presented - rooms are comfortable, clean and quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful - even though they were pushed somewhat at the very busy breakfast.The location is superb. Just 12 minutes in the train from Waterloo and there are loads of trains each hour both on the Saturday and Sunday. The hotel is only a 2 minute walk from Wandsworth railway station.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great hotel to explore the city from	Stayed 4 days/3 nights (two rooms) here during a London stay over after arriving at Gatwick. Found online this hotel, having fantastic advance rates, and with access to the city from the rail lines heading south from the city, this hotel offered a fantastic value. The hotel is less than 1 km from the Wandsworth (not the Wandsworth Common) train station that is 15 min from Waterloo station or the same time to Victoria station with a transfer 1 station up (Clapham Junction) and is readily accessible from Gatwick with just 1 train transfer.The rooms and hotel were extremely clean. The rooms typically Express – small - and the bathrooms clean and space saving (interesting how the bathroom door closes so someone can use the toilet in privacy leaving the rest of the bathroom available for use). The furniture Express common and in good shape, and the hotel had signs in the elevator apologising of upgrading and renovating to improve, but from all appearances, our rooms, the lobby, and breakfast area and small bar (all part of the lobby) looked fine, with little wear or tear.On one side is a supermarket and you pass a convenience store attached to the gas station next door (which always had excellent deals on sandwiches, snacks and drinks) was very useful to shop at when travelling into the city or when arriving back in the evening. The small strip of stores just outside the train station had several restaurants and pubs (The Alma) with great food. Recognizing the cost of this location for 3 nights was less than 1 night in the city proper, the trains being more enjoyable to ride than the tube (and cheaper), and the small town feel to the area, I’d strongly recommend this hotel and location for one basing themselves out of the city if exploring the London area.	
Aug 30 2008 	Affordable and clean hotel.	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Wandsworth for 7 days in mid August. The rate booked directly with Holiday Inn's website and paid for in advance was excellent (for London). The location is great: There is a train station with frequent trains to Waterloo and Victoria across the street, Wandsworth City Center is about a 10 minute walk away and there are many restaurants and shops near the train station and along the Thames which is on the other side of the street from the hotel. The room was fairly large for a European hotel. It was decorated modernly and had a full size bed and a sofa bed. The TV was small and only got the 5 standard British free channels, a Sports channel and 2 news channels. The bathroom had just a shower rather than bath / shower combo but there was good water pressure with plenty of hot water. There was a small kettle and instant coffee provided in the room and a limited continental breakfast was served every morning. As other reviewers have said, the breakfast is extremely crowded so we ended up taking our food on trays back to the room. The breakfast consisted of yogurts, cheese, cold cereals, toast and if you arrive early enough croissants and pastries.Housekeeping was efficient and thorough although a little anxious to clean rooms. We made good use of the privacy sign to avoid the 8 a.m. housekeeping &quot;knock&quot; on the door.Overall, this is not a 5 star hotel but it is excellent value for money in a great location.	
Aug 2 2008 	Enjoyable stay good location	Have just completed a four day stay with my wife and two daughters at this hotel in a family room and it was great. We drove up from Hampshire and it was easy to find without satnav! The rooms are clean and modern, have air con and there is plenty of space. Only a couple of small negatives relating to housekeeping - on the day we arrived there was no bedding for the sofa bed and only two towels between four of us - also we were only ever left with two cups in the room so every day had to ask for two more (when I tried to ask one of the housekeepers, she didnt speak any English). Other than that, everything was fine. There were always car parking spaces available, the Reception staff were helpful and friendly and the free continental breakfast was great - from our experience its quieter before 8.30am. Other reviews have mentioned street noise but even though our room overlooked the petrol station forecourt, it was OK. The walk to Wandsworth Town rail station took 5 mins, trains run regularly and its only 15 mins in to Waterloo, so its a great base for exploring London! Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2008 	Nice hotel	I was on this hotel for a 4 days. It is placed in a nice area of London (Wandsworth), next to the train station (2 minutes walking). Trains are comming every 5 minutes to Waterloo and Victoria Station (to Victoria Station is needed to do a train change at Clapham Junction). Close also to restaurants and supermarkets (Sainsburys and Waitrose are at 15min walking from the hotel).Rooms are friendly with modern design and all the amenities were working sucessfully. Staff was helpful and friendly all the time. Buffet breakfast is included.I'd recommend this hotel if you have planned to visit London.	
Jun 6 2008 	Excellent hotel	Nice hotel, value for money, clean modern rooms, no street noise, 3 min walk from train station, 10 min to Waterloo, several trains per hour. If you find prices high in central London, book this hotel.	
May 27 2008	Basic amenities decent crash pad	Express the key word here. It is a nice place with basic amenities. it is good for a business person who travels a lot. Do not expect the following in your room:1. iron &amp; ironing board2. yellow pages3. alarm clock4. bureaus (only open shelving)5. medium sized tv with great channels6. protein in the continental breakfast7. lactose intolerant options at breakfast8. ground coffee packets for your coffee pot in your room (only instant)Overall it was fine but it took a little to get used to the lack of these items.	
May 23 2008	Great Hotel in South London	The Holiday Inn Express at Wandsworth-Battersea is an excellent choice when it comes to staying near London. After a previously happy experience at the HI Express at the Royal Docklands, I opted to stay here as the 79GBP rate was as good as I could get. Coming from Heathrow proved a little bit tricky. I opted to avoid the city and come from an outer route, District Line to Richmond and then South West Trains to Wandsworth Town Station. The train platforms, however, are quite a ways higher than street level and luggage tends to be ungainly, The station is barely three minutes walk from the hotel. Coming from Wandsworth Town Station, you will first cross a busy road and then come across the Hotel which is hidden behind a BP station. The BP station offers a small convenience store which helps with drinks and snacksCheck in was fast and efficient, though I had to wait a little bit as our flight had arrived early. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. After check in, we went into our room which is the standard HI Express decor, bright and fresh materials. Everything was new and worked perfectly, including the AC. The bathroom, while small, made efficient use of space and the shower had a removable head and was sufficiently powerful. The bed was comfortable, and the pull-out sofa-bed was fine for one person. Three guests will have no trouble in this room, it was sufficiently large enough for storage and mobility. The TV had a sufficient number of channels, usually news broadcasts. The room faced the busy intersection one has to cross if coming from the National Rail Station.If there was one small complaint, it would be the noise. The junction is quite busy, even at late periods in the night, and you can hear traffic through the shut windows after lights-out. Secondly, the BP station had a scary looking windmill too. The area itself looks perfectly fine if one was to stay out a little late in London. Breakfast was quite good. I really do enjoy the quality of baked goods in England. All sorts of &quot;cold&quot; continental fare were available, bread, fruit, yogurt, etc. Tea, Coffee and Juice were available for drink. In the morning, entertainment was provided by a TV with a newscast playing. The lobby also has two computers with access to the internet for a fee.Other transportation links in the area include a bus stop on the busy road even closer than the National Rail station. This bus is Number 28, and it usefully has a stop at High Street Kensington where transportation elsewhere is easy.Check-Out was fast and the price was as expected. We took SWT to London Waterloo and then on to Paris. Of course, that cannot be done anymore but still Waterloo has excellent tube links to nearly anywhere in London including St Pancras International and Canary Wharf.Overall, would highly recommend this hotel. It is clean and pleasant, the staff are friendly, the free breakfast is tasty, the area is safe (if noisy), and transport links are decent and close by. Three people had no problem sharing one room, I imagine another wouldn't hurt.	
May 18 2008 	Good Hotel 	I just returned from staying here for 7 nights and had a wonderful time. The hotel is very clean and modern; the rooms were large for London and the bed was very comfortable. I would recommend that couples order rooms with two twin beds as they are pushed against one another and this provides the space of a king sized bed. We had a room on the 5th floor and could barely hear the traffic from the busy street below (although the A/C was quite noisy at times). I was able to book this room for $120.00 per night through AAA; a very good value in London. The staff was helpful, although not extremely friendly. The breakfast was so-so with cold cereals, fruit and yogurt; the best thing being the coffee. The area is very nice with a large number of pubs and small restaurants that provide a good value (most entrees were under 10 pounds). The above ground train station is across the street and will take you to 2 tube stations - Vauxhall and Waterloo. Also one stop up is Clampton Junction, a major transit hub from which you can catch all long distance trains originating from Waterloo.	
Apr 13 2008 	Decent middle of the road hotel	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. You do not stay at a Holiday Inn Express and expect top quality service but you do expect a good sized clean room with decent beds and a good bathroom/shower. The HI Express in Wandsworth ticks all these boxes. The car park was full on arrival but the helpful check in clerk sent us over the road to a covered car park which was available at the same nightly rate (£7.50). Check in was fine, the room was fine and breakfast was OK without being spectacular. The breakfast room was a bit full but there was space enough.We paid £99.00 for B&amp;B and for that price relatively close to the centre of London I think the price is about right, elsewhere in England I would say it is expensive. If you are visiting London and want to reach the centre there is an overland rail station just across the (very busy) road and you can be at Waterloo in 10/15 minutes.To coin a phrase from an English advertisement &quot;It does what it says on the tin&quot;	
Apr 3 2008 	It's all in the attitude	This Hotel is a prime example of the things that drive travellers to wish they had just stayes home. After much research and thought I booked on the hotel website and prepayed. It wasn't untill I arrived that things went wrong. They do not include internet service at the hotel even though it said so on my confirmation and thier price is CAD 35.00 for 24 hours. When this was brought to the hotel staff attention they were not helpful in the least and I was referred to the manager the next day. The following morning I was once again given the brush off this time by the manager. first it was that there was an error on the webpage, then it was that no other London hotels had free(or included internet in thier ratings range so why should they, and finally it was that I just misunderstood the receipt. And because it did not explisitly say it was free only that it was included that meant that it was a charges item. This even though it was not included on the list of extra charge items ie. parking and tv. A warning to North American customers, you will pay extra for everything, including what we would consider basic cable. Only BBC is free. The hotel itself was ok, but the complete lack of any respect for the customer by the staff/company was truly unbelieivable.	
Mar 30 2008 	Enjoyable stay once again	Have stayed there several times and never had any problems. The rooms are clean and have a wonderfully strong shower. It is an ideal location for London itself being just 15 mins by train to Waterloo. I would certainly stop there again. It is handy as it is just outside the dreaded congestion charge zone. There is some parking at the site, however the hotel have an arrangement with the secure car park over the road for parking at the same rate which is probably a safer bet. The down side as I see it is the potential for noise from the very busy main road on one side of the hotel and the difficulty in getting a table for the continental breakfast which is served to 9.30 weekdays, 10.30 weekends.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Stay	Great, Clean and comfy. Close enough to London whilst able to enjoy the lovely Wandsworth.	
Oct 28 2007 	Clean and bright!	Our four night stay at this Hotel was an enjoyable and pleasant experience. The hotel had a clean, fresh look about it and overall was very appealing. Our two gripes were the shortage of tables at breakfast time in the Dining area although the food was great. The other gripe was the lack of information concerning the use of the computers/internet. The Staff seemed rather annoyed when I asked for help - perhaps a two or three step instruction card beside each computer would be helpful for those of us that are new game! We would certainly stay there if we were ever in London again.	
Oct 11 2007 	The worst staff out	Booked a non smoking room as I have a breathing complaint, the hotel changed it to a smoking room as they were busy. They told me on check in that all I had booked was a standard room and it was their right to change it. They were unhelpful to the extreme and did not offer anything other than it was not their problem. I am a member of the priority club they did not offer me any of the stuff that came with my level, basically informed that we don't do that here. I had trouble getting into my room as the keycard did not work all the time and the staff just belittled me over this. The room was clean the textiles were a little dated the television worked fine but it did not have sky one. The sheets were stained and the whole room stank of stale tobacco smoke. I did not try the breakfast as it finished at 9am. Which is an hour earlier that most other hotels in this chain. Next to the rear of the hotel is a very busy road and a 24 hour petrol station. If I had been lowered in the hotel there probably would have more vehicle noise.	
Sep 18 2007 	Really pleasant stay!!!!!!	This hotel was a pleasure to stay in. Check-in was a breeze. The hotel is clean and well lit. The room was roomy and comfortable. The bathroom was clean and fit our traveling needs wonderfully.The complimentary breakfast was worth waking up for. We had cereal, coffee, tea, juice, various breads, cheeses, yogurt, fruit. It wasn't your standard donut and coffee. They really did supply quite a bit of options for starting out your sightseeing day with a full tummy. I was worried that there wouldn't be anything to eat around that area. But to my surprise there was an: Outback Steak House, a grocery store, an Italian and Chinese restaurant and a McDonald's within walking distance. Around the corner (about 2 blocks away) there was a Thai restaurant, a laundromat and more grocery stores. This area was definitely suited for most of our needs.Location was a plus. It is across the street from the Wandsworth Rail line. If you are looking to go into London every morning for sightseeing it is about a 10 minute train ride away from the Waterloo station (which is a major hub for all subway systems). The only snag was one person who was really airheaded about her job at the front desk (we asked her what was the best way to get to Stonehenge and she said &quot;Hmph, I don't know.&quot; and turned back to what she was doing on the computer). But this was very minor, we shrugged it off and decided to figure it out ourselves. Other than this it was a good place for your basic needs for a comfy stay in London! Totally recommend!	
Aug 8 2007 	An Enjoyable Stay at Express	We returned to this HI Express for 3 nights in July.This is a nice, modern hotel in the Battersea area of London.We have stayed at this location before and were happy with our recent stay. This visit included my wife and I along with our 17-year old daughter.The Positives:1) The Hotel Staff.We found them to be friendly and helpful at all hours of the day. We had misplaced a tour voucher that I had purchased before our trip and could access it via the internet, but there was no way to print it out. The Hotel Manager suggested that I could email it to her and that she would print it for me. That was exceptional.2) The Location.I have read some negative comments about the location, but actually we like the location. It is not as busy as in the center of the city, yet it is only about 10 minutes away by train. The train station is but a 3 to 5 minute walk from the Hotel lobby. It is in travel zone 2 so you can get a zones 1 &amp; 2 travelcard and see the sights of London quite easily.3) The Room.It was modern, neat and clean. Note that the rooms are on the smaller side, however (welcome to London). We had a room with both a double bed and a sofa bed, yet it was still comfortable. The water pressure and quality in the bathroom/shower was good.4) Continental Breakfast.As with most HI Express hotels, breakfast is included. This is a good deal especially for families traveling on a budget. Meals can be quite expensive for Americans in the UK. So we were glad to have a good breakfast of Cold Cereal, Breads &amp; Jams, Pastries, Yogurt, Juices, &amp; fresh Fruit provided.The Negatives:1) Getting to the Hotel from the Airport.It is a ways from the airports. Taxi from Heathrow will cost you around $100. The cheapest route is to catch the Underground (Tube) from Heathrow (Piccadilly Line) and switch to the District Line at Acton Town and take it to its end at Richmond. From there catch the Train east 4 stops to Wandsworth Town.2) The Bathroom.It was rather small. No tub. Shower only with a shower curtain.But, it is what it is.Summary:The first time we stayed here was 6 years ago. The hotel has been kept up and seems just as fresh as it did back then. We enjoyed our stay and will most-likely return on our next visit.	
Jun 6 2007 	Great value and location - used it over 10 times now	I put my parents in here during their visit to London. Excellent location 2 min walk from Wandsworth Town station and bus stop. Free parking during the day. Above average well replenished included breakfast. Fantastic that we arrived at 9:30 and were able to get a room right away. Friendly and helpful staff. Rooms bright, clean, aircon works properly, good water pressure in shower.	
May 3 2007 	Excellent hotel for the price!	Highly recommend this hotel if you are travelling on a budget. Overall the hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. Although the room was somewhat smaller than what we were used to here in America, it was by no means unbearable. We opted for the room with the queen bed. The hotel is a short walk from the rail station. Each morning we just walked down to the rail and took the train into the city. From there we would just transfer to the tube or take the rail directly to our distination. Overall, for the price, this hotel is a can't miss.	
Feb 21 2007 	Pretty good...	We stayed here with our 2 kids for 2 nights earlier this month. The hotel was easy to find (and outside the C zone) and in a half decent area - not a great deal to do there but we were using it as a base to get in and out of London so it was perfect for us. They have an arrangement with the Outback Steakhouse just over the road which was a pretty good place - the service was excellent and the food ok - the kids enjoyed it and the portions were huge! The hotel is 2 mins walk away from Wandworth Town station so hopping into London itself was a 30 mins journey maximum.The room was 1 double and 1 sofa bed but had everything we needed and was comfy enough. The only gripe was that breakfast was chaos due to too few tables/chairs for the number of guests and there was often a wait for replacement foodstuffs to be brought in. The staff were mainly good although there was 1 particularly grumpy guy but overall I'd stay there again.	
Sep 5 2006 	Excellent value	Stayed at the Holiday Inn express for 4 nights with a little trepidation after reading reviews, but it turned out excellent value. Booked online for 44.25 pound per night !!! Someone wrote that there was only one restaurant, the Outback, with high prices...well all restaurants in London have high prices. However, there were many other restaurants just up from the entrance to the railway station and a great pub, The ALMA, approx. 100 metres away and the other restaurants were on the same road, Italian, Chinese, Thai..too name a few. People have to learn to look outside the square when travelling....The railway was 100 metres away and purchased a day card which allows you travel on trains, buses and the tube, for 4.90 pound. Station was 4 stops from London Waterloo and from there tubes can be taken anywhere in CityHotel was a/c, quiet, great free continental brekfast, nice staff and a comfortable room for myself and my 18 year old daughter who had never been that far away from home before (From Australia). She loved the place.No problems staying there again...or recommending to friends !!	
May 22 2006	Excellent value very satisfied	Stayed from May 16-18 and was very pleased. The room and bathroom was immaculate, beds comfortable, and the area is quiet. The hotel is very new. Free coffee and cereal/toast/fruit at the morning buffet. Two internet terminals for 50p per 10 minutes, 50p for local or 0800 calls. The train station is a few blocks away (20 minutes to Waterloo station) and there is gas station that sells wine and beer around the corner. McDonalds and Out Back Steakhouse very near. Prepaid USD 109.00/night on EuropebyAir, Holiday Inn’s website was GBP 69.00 pre-paid at the time (USD 128 @ 1.86).	
Apr 23 2006 	Disappointment...	We stayed here on Apr. 22nd. The hotel was clean and the room was OK. However, the neighborhood lacked character and had not much in the way of eateries, except for the Outback Steak, which was way overpriced (£15 for a hamburger and a beer). I looked forward to the breakfast, as I stay at H.I. Express for their cinnamon rolls. I was greatly disappointed to find that for some unknown reason, this hotel was missing the famous Cinnamon Rolls that Holiday Inn Express is known for, and instead had some tiny, dried-out and tasteless ones typically found on supermarket shelves a dozen to a bag. In addition, the breakfast room was packed to the gills with families, and we had to clear dishes off the one vacant table we could find in order to have a seat. The website boasts of high-speed internet as an amenity, suggesting that this service comes with the room. However, it turns out that this service requires an extra tariff of £17 per day, and the clerk was somewhat defensive and unapologetic when I complained. On top of the £92 that we were charged for the room (high for this quality of hotel), paying a usurious rate for internet access was the last straw, so we cancelled our second night and switched to the Hilton, located in a better neighborhood, and the room rate was about £10 less. I don't expect to be returning to the Holiday Inn Express Wandsworth in the future.	
Jul 4 2004	Oh wonderful.........	This hotel is a WONDERFUL example of what we love about Holiday Inn - clean, comfortable, decent location, good price.We stayed here in August 2002, for a weekend, between 2 EXHAUSTING (but enjoyable) weeks in Spain and our return to Canada. We had 2 nights and 1 full day in which to power-visit London and wanted a decent base to do that from. We arrived late in the afternoon after a flight from Malaga, dragging 3 kids and huge amounts of luggage, by train (after a hilarious series of misadventures including almost losing one of the kids somewhere - possibly Richmond!) As we disembarked at Wandsworth station the Holiday Inn sign, visible from the station, was like a beacon of light.The rooms here are beautiful - a good size, attractively decorated, comfortable beds and very very clean. There is no bath only a shower but it's a GOOD shower. There are 5 of us including 2 teenage boys and a pre-teen girl and we generally get two rooms and split by sex - dad and sons together, mom and daughter. The rooms we were in had a large queen or king bed and sofa- bed so plenty of room for all. The view is either towards the river or towards Wandsworth and the hotel is surrounded by busy roads. In fact our rooms looked down on a BP service station!!!! Some might complain about this but I enjoyed watching this slice of London life (and the service station had a decent convienence store too)There is a bar although we did not visit it - too busy! The breakfast is a good example of a continental type - lots of choice cereals, yoghurts, toast, fruit, beverages, muffins etc. Otherwise food choices are a bit of a bust if you are walking everywhere - there is an Outback steakhouse almost adjacent to the hotel but for some unfathomable reason it was closing at 9pm on a Saturday night - Huh? (maybe we were still to used to eating like the Spaniards, but after all this is London!) - luckily the dreaded Golden Arches beckoned from not far away so at least we could feed the monsters!Service was what I expect from these kind of hotels - helpful if you need them and vaguley friendly. I don't go for over effusive, gushing type of people anyway. The front-desk staff were quite good at sorting out our transportation to Heathrow on our departure. We had planned to use the train but could not face the battle so used a taxi.This hotel provided what we wanted - a clean and comfortable base with good transportation links. I would definetly return.	
Apr 27 2004	Good value	I have stayed at this hotel twice, and always found it to be excellent value for money.The rooms can accommodate upto 4, with a double bed &amp; a double sofa bed, decorated in a contempory style it looks fresh and modern.The bar is attached to the reception, and stays open until you drop!The free breakfast is great with plenty of choice.A word on the parking - it is free, whilst resident in the hotel, like a great many hotels - which seems far enough to me	
Mar 15 2004	dissapionted on a NOT bussy Sunday	I resently parked at your Hotel not noticing the signs and used to the Holiday inn providing free parking:I may also ad that it was not bussy and the there were probably only 2 or 3 other cars parked there:My wheel was clamped and I was charged 100pounds to get it unclamped!That is a ?100 clear profit in the hotel pocket!The rooms are even cheaper than this!Also no sign was posted saying how much the fines are!I feel it is to high and you should post warnings firt!I will centainly never stay at the Holiday Inn and will not advise anyone to do so.Thank youunpleasant but true	
Mar 15 2004	una vacanza favolosa		
Sep 20 2009 	perfecto		
Aug 18 2009 	Un descubrimiento!!!		
Aug 7 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Aug 1 2009 	Perfetto per la visita di Londra		
Jul 7 2009 	Hotel all'italiana		
Jun 28 2009	Ottimo e pulito solo un po' decentrato.		
May 25 2009 	Gelungenes Hotel ...		
May 11 2009 	Tranquillo soggiorno		
Apr 9 2009 	Buena relacion Calidad precio		
Feb 22 2009 	parfait pour une escapade à londres		
Feb 7 2009 	altamente recomendable		
Jan 14 2009 	très bon hotel		
Jan 14 2009 	muy amables en recepcion		
Dec 17 2008 	Un hotel estupendo en Londres		
Oct 31 2008 	hotel pratique et propre.		
Oct 15 2008 	Muy Bien		
Aug 25 2008 	Splendido hotel per una splendida vacanza!		
May 11 2008 	Veramente un buon albergo		
Oct 4 2007 	Muy aconsejable repetiría.		
Oct 29 2006 	Superbe hôtel		
