Nov 19 2009 	great stay great location	I picked this hotel after reading other comments on this site. I thought it was a greatplace to stay. the staff was very friendly. the room ( 1 bedroom apartment) was clean and well furnished. the washing machine came in handy for a long stay. tough to use at first (it is a washer/dryer combination) nice kitchen. there is a tasco market just on the corner with great food. the underground ( liverpool street station) in literally accross the street. great for getting around London. be sure to get an unlimited Oyster card, only 28 pounds for 7 days, great value. the rooms look just like the photos. perfect type of lodging for long stay. living room, large bathroom, decent kitchen with dishwasher, sink, microwave, stove and over. there is no ocffee maker as we think of, there is a large pot that heats water so you use instant coffee. I brough along the new starbucks instant coffee since i had read a simular comment on another review. the water gets to boiling in like one minute. they sell coffee at the market as well as real cream. room was quiet. only down side is there is only one very small elevator so if you are are on an upper floor it can be a hike. with two persons and a large bag each is easier to take the elevator twice.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good location spacey but sparsely decorated and noisy	I know I am pretty picky about my experience with out-of-home stays. This time with the serviced appartment, it is no different.Check-in was a breeze and the staff is trying to help where they can. I had a executive one bedroom appartment. It is spacey, but I'd expect more atmosphere in a 4-star (as advertised here) residence; there were no curtains in the living room and bed room; only blinders which didn't keep the light out very well. It is also pretty noise, you can hear your neighbour on the floor above you walking and talking, which did wake me up at 6am as his (or her) day was starting. It isn't very sound proof. The location is great, 50 meters from the Liverpool station and close to the City. If you have a weekend rate, it could be worth it, but the lack of atmosphere doesn't give that homey feeling. If you pay normal rate, I don't think it is worth it. I'd rather stay in a hotel with some extra features instead of the extra space.	
Oct 28 2009 	Spacious convenient and good value	Wasn't sure what to expect from serviced apartments in Central London, but this was really excellent value. Much better than a hotel if with several people or for longer stays. We stayed for one night, and were upgraded on arrival to a 2 bed apartment. Didn't need the extra space, but it was a very positive experience all round. Convenient location near bus and station. Staff helpful. Bed was comfortable, all was clean and reasonably well maintained. Kitchen well equipped, massive fridge freezer. Sitting room on front of building didn't seem to have very good sound insulation from street noise, but bedrooms at rear were both fine. Only negative for us was the lingering smell of cigarette smoke on the bed linen (must have been that as no other soft furnishings in the room).	
Oct 7 2009 	Good location and pretty good - bit pricey though!	This hotel is very very centrally located across the road from Liverpool street station. The apartments are pretty nice and finished to good spec. Its not exactly cheap but when you consider the equivilant hotels around the area and the kitchen &amp; laundry facilities - its actually good value for money. Good amount of shops in the area to buy food. And right around the corner from Spittalfield Market which is fantastic for food. Have stayed in couple of times and will continue to use when working in the area. - Only 2 cricisims is no gym, but thats not that big a deal. Plus the internet is done through some weird third party vendor , where you have to enter your details on some website along with credit card info, personally i'd prefer to pay on bill or on account than this method.	
Sep 2 2009 	Extremely comfortable and convenient	I recently stayed here for a weekend with a group of friends. We booked the penthouse plus a 2-bed and a studio apartment as well as a couple of extra beds. When we arrived we were allocated the penthouse plus 3 1-bed apartments at no extra cost.The penthouse was very spacious and we were able to comfortably entertain the whole group ( of 12) in here. The one-bed apartments were also pretty spacious.All were clean and well equipped with everything we needed: very comfy beds, nice linen, towels and bathrobes were supplied as well as hairdriers, LCD TVs, DVD players, hi-fi system, dishwasher, all kitchen equipment required....I could go on.The staff were polite and helpful.A couple of minor gripes: the apartments didn't have enough mirrors to accommodate a large group of women and there is some noise from the busy road below.All in all an excellent choice in a very central location.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great alternative to hotels	For about the same price of a nice (4 star) hotel in central London, we stayed in a 2-bedroom apartment. Our party of 2 adults and 2 pre-teen boys had plenty of room to spread out. The rooms were spacious by London standards. It was nice to have a full kitchen and a washer/dryer because we were there for a week and didn't have to eat out for every meal. They also provide basic necessities such as hand and body soap, dishwashing and laundry detergents, basic condiments (sugar, salt, pepper). The only drawback was that the washer/dryer was difficult to figure out and did not do a good job in drying clothes.The staff at 196 Bishopsgate was very friendly and helpful. They accommodated our many requests with a good attitude and without complaint.There are several bus lines that generally go south (e.g. Tower of London, London Bridge, Waterloo station, London Eye) just outside of the entrance to 196 Bishopsgate. The Liverpool Street Rail station includes the Underground station that's on the Central, Circle, and Hammersmith &amp; Circle lines. Spitalfields Market is around the corner and I recommend a trip to check our the open air stall, shops, and restaurants. Brick Lane with its many Indian restaurants are also within walking distance.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel very clean and spacious with a very friendly staff.	196 Bishopsgate is very well located across the street from the Liverpool Street Tube Station with Taxis always available. The two-bedroom apartment was spacious; bedrooms were comfortable and quiet. This was the perfect hotel for 4 adult family members traveling together. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. If you stay over a weekend, remember that the rooms are not serviced on Sunday. Not a problem if you plan for it.	
Jul 10 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	Myself and 2 friends (from the US) were in London recently, and after MUCH searching we were very glad we chose 196 Bishopsgate. We found the apartment to meet all of our needs, and was exactly as pictured on their website. We rented a 2 bedroom/2 bath penthouse apt, and had a cot placed in the loft area, so it really felt that we had a 3 bedroom unit. We had space galore! Each of the bedrooms were generous in size, with plenty of cabinets &amp; storage. The bathrooms were the only rooms on the small side, but they still were adequate. The living area, kitchen and dining area were also very spacious, with plenty of room to stretch out in. The living room furniture was in good shape, and very comfy, and there was a nice size flat-screen TV. All appliances in the kitchen were in great shape &amp; worked very well. All necessary gadgets/pots/pans/utensils/glassware, etc. were present and accounted for. The hotel staff were all very pleasant and helpful, and accommodated everything that we requested (late check-out, calling cabs, etc.) with a smile. Contrary to other posters, we were never disturbed by noise, and we were there Sat thru Tues. Our favorite asset was the location of the Liverpool St tube literally steps from the front door…….this made traveling anywhere in the city a breeze. There is a Tesco (?) grocery store a ½ block away, so we were able to easily stock-up on groceries, etc. While the area is mostly a 9-5 kind of place, there are more than a few pubs within easy walking distance: we liked Dirty Dicks, right next door, but our fav was the Whitehall about 1.5 blocks away. Also, for those curry lovers we must recommend “The Famous Curry Bazaar,” located a short few blocks from hotel…very good food, and the service/staff were also great! In summary, we liked this place so much, as well as all of London, that we are planning a return visit in 2011. We will definitely be staying at 196 Bishopsgate when we do!	
May 18 2009 	Studio Apartment 109 Weekend stay	REVIEW OF 196 BISHOPSGATE (hereafter called 196).The concept of 48 Serviced Apartments is a cross between self-catering and usual hotel facilities. For example, one can wash, dry and iron clothes in the apartment, or pay for 196 to do it, like a hotel.Liverpool Street Train Station has both Mainline and London Underground (Tube/Metro) services, and a number of buses stop right outside 196. The Bishopsgate West entrance/exit is the one to use (it is visible from the front of 196, across the road) and has escalators, stairs, and an elevator.Mobility: although the building has an elevator, not all of the apartments are on the same floor level. Example, the First floor has 101 – 103, and then one has to climb about 8 steps to get to 104 – 111, so check when booking!The building is currently undergoing improvement works to the front facade (Bishopsgate) during May 2009 and they say (Monday to Friday) that workers may be outside your window between 0800 and 1600. If one is using the accommodation for a business trip then this might not be a problem (although that seems a very early start to me)! My apartment had wooden blinds – I don’t know if they all do or if curtains are provided in some – and they would not provide privacy against somebody working next to it? They do not shut out all light either. Perhaps an additional roller blind/black-out curtain could be installed? The Police Station is at 182 Bishopsgate, if you need to ask directions. :DEach apartment has many (unlabelled) wall switches so check they are on in case there is no power reaching whatever device you are using.The Studio Apartment (109) has various “fixtures and fittings”, as can be seen in the camera-phone- pictures (which I should have taken before I made the place look untidy)!Fitted kitchen includes a fridge, sink, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, hob and oven, microwave, and an extractor fan which will hopefully stop guests setting off the overhead smoke-detector, cutlery, dishes, and various pots and pans. There is an initial provision of milk, tea, coffee, and sugar.An air-conditioning unit, TV, dining-table for 2, audio to play radio or CDs, double-bed, wardrobe (full-length mirror inside it), direct-dial telephone with its own 0207 number, wall-mounted heating unit, hairdryer, safe, and trouser-press.Hopefully, they will have updated the In-Room Directory to tell guests that it is necessary to press 1, 2, and then 3 on the TV remote in order to watch any of the 15 channels (a small number, a mix of free and Pay-TV, it appears)? The Sharp LCD LC-32GD8EA television would allow one to connect a camcorder or computer, in addition to the supplied DVD player.Given the way several electrical devices were plugged into a 4-gang-socket, this one did not appear to have surge-protection? An important safety feature!The mixer taps in the kitchen and the bathroom seem to have been plumbed in such that, to get hot/cold water, one handle is pushed to the right, whilst the other is pushed to the left - they are supposed to all work in the same direction!The bathroom has a sink and step-in shower cubicle, towels are supplied but a “beach” size towel would have been nice. The towel-rail is heated. There is a shaver-socket (240V/110V). The shower is fixed to the wall. Behind a side door, one finds the washer/dryer, iron and ironing board, and airing cupboard. This is a good use of available space. Tesco Metro supermarket is at 158-162 Bishopsgate and is open late (2200, I think, most days) and there are a number of shops/places to eat and drink along Bishopsgate/in Liverpool Street Station.If one is only staying a couple of days, a tub of butter or margarine ends up being unfinished and that is not something one can take home. Could 196 supply individual sachets, either complimentary or charged for?A slightly larger kitchen bin would be useful since one is disposing of a lot of packaging from supermarket purchases.I specified non-smoking. There was an ashtray in one of the drawers although the apartment did not smell of tobacco – I would not have remained in there if it did!The windows opened to let in fresh air.Jenya (I think that is how she spells her name?) made the check-in process very smooth. Housekeeping was also quick to help with getting the TV working (press 1, 2, 3, as above). I have no experience of daily housekeeping since the apartment was already clean and tidy for a Weekend stay (Saturday check-in), and they do not normally work Sundays.I will definitely be back!	
Apr 30 2009 	Handy location good value on the weekends	The apartments' location across from Liverpool train station is its best feature. Just down the street is a Tesco. Both features make it an ideal location for the independent traveller. Spitalfields is just 2 blocks away for some chain restaurants. The rooms are clean and functional. The kitchen was very handy for breakfast and our occasional take-out dinners. We did not have any problems with noise but stayed on the 5th floor. The lack of doorstops (as noted elsewhere) is bothersome as doors inside the apartment are self-closing. A washer and dryer were a nice touch. This apartment is a particularly good value with their &quot;weekend special.&quot; There is little of interest on the block that they are located. No interesting shops and there are some noisy pubs nearby which did not affect my sleeping though. Would stay again.	
Dec 1 2008 	Convenient location. Good space and privacy.	196 Bishopsgate is very well located for transportation around London and for doing business in the city. The two-bedroom apartment was spacious; bedrooms were comfortable and quiet. Young staff is extremely helpful and friendly. No problem with checking/storing bags when we arrived in London early. Although the apartment had all major appliances, the kitchen had neither a coffee maker nor a blender. The fridge/freezer had no ice maker and the only ice tray was broken. We used the washing machine, but neither we, nor housekeeping, could figure out how to use the drier.All was fresh and clean EXCEPT for the hardwood floors, throughout except for in the kitchen and the bathroom, which were badly in need of a good scrub ... and probably of sanding and refinishing. I was not tempted to walk barefoot on these floors!	
Sep 20 2008 	Good Apt but should have been better	I stayed at this apt hotel for 10 days at the beginning of Sept. In general, my 1 bedroom apt was nice. The furnishings and appliances all looked spotless or new and everything was clean. As other reviewers have mentioned, the location is great. I mostly used the bus system and there are plenty of bus connections within 1 block. The Tesco supermarket is only a block away and has lots of great food. Tesco gets really busy around 5pm so try to avoid it at that time. They had hot cornish pasties for only 1 quid but you gotta get there before 5pm.I do have a couple of minor gripes. The room was poorly insulated so there was lots of noise coming from the hallway, other rooms, and the outside. My room was facing an inside corridor so there was no street noise but I did hear plenty of noise from a nearby pub. However, it was very quiet at night after the pub closed. All the appliances operate non-intuitively so it requires reading the hotel guidebook beforehand. I never did figure out how to control the radiator heater. The TV only gets about 12 stations and the remote channel up/down button doesn't work. Internet access costs extra and is pretty slow. There is an exorbitant daily charge for an extra bed. The combo washer/dryer takes about 3 hrs to do a load but does a decent job. Midway through my stay, they changed the shower head to one that sputters and sprays water everywhere. I suspect they did a swap out with another room where the guest complained about it.	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent apartments	My (grown) family stayed in two apartments, both facing Bishopsgate Street. The hotel is an easy walk to the Liverpool Street Underground, and a block from a grocery store (the apartments have nice kitchens). The street is fascinating to watch, with many upscale young business men and women, all smartly dressed and very cosmopolitan. There were several pubs and restaurants nearby, and we lacked nothing in amenities and public transportation. It was a perfect location. The apartments had glossy light oak floors with furnishings and appliances just like those in Ikea. Nice TV, stereo, all that stuff. If we ever go back, we know where we will stay!	
Jul 29 2008 	A Great Place toStay	We arrived 4 hours before check in to see if we could leave our bags there while we went sight seeing and they let us check in early and were given a one bed apartment instead of the studio aparment we had booked.196 Bishopsgate is a fantastic place to stay. I have only ever stayed in hotels in the UK but this was much better. We only stayed for one night so didn't really get the benefit of all the ameineties in the apartment. There is everything you could need. There is a kitchen with table and 4 chairs, fridge, kettle, toaster, dishwasher etc. In the lounge there was a leather two seater sofa and an armchair, coffee table, a tv, cd and a desk. The bedroom had a wardrobe and drawers and a comfy bed. There was a great shower over a bath and a large cupboard with a washer /dryer and iron and ironing board. There were towels, soap, tea towels, washing up liquid and complimentary coffee, tea etc.The location was also great, almost opposite Liverpool St Station.We had no hint of trouble or heard anything through the walls while were there on a Friday night. I would definitely stay here again and can't wait until I do!	
Jun 23 2008 	A Great place to stay in London	196 Bishopsgate LondonMyself and my husband have just returned from a weekend in London, we were visiting our son who is in college in Loughton so we need somewhere convient to Liverpool street station. I chose 196 Bishopsgate as I felt it meet our needs. I was by no means dissapointed. We checked in after 9 0 clock the receptionist was very polite and mannerly, the reception was clean and there was a beautiful aroma in the area. Our room was on the third floor, we didn't use the lifts, we used the stairs instead, every flight of stairs was immaculate and the smell of polish wafted in the air. The studio apartment was equally as clean and tidy, there is everything that you could wish for in it,. flat screen TV, DVD player, CD player, trouser press,hairdryer, radio alarm clock. The kitchen was well equiped with all the usual aplicances. The bathroom is tiny but still fairly well equiped, withh eated towel rail and plenty of towels. The apartment was cleaned on the Saturday and fresh towels were provided. There were no major faults with these apartments that we could see and we will most definetly return as we will be travelling to London quite a lot.	
Apr 20 2008 	Perfect for independent visitors	We based ourselves here for the marathon weekend as I was running it and wanted facilities to prepare my own food, as what I ate was really important.We were upgraded which instantly put us in a good mood, and we weren't disappointed when we got to our room either. The finish was great we had a balcony and a great day bed that doubled up as a sofa, although this probably made our guests feel a little uneasy! The informal nature of the accomodation meant all our friends felt comfortable popping in for tea, which made for a much more relaxing stay for us (and economical, because we didn't have to go out for lots of meals and coffees). The mini dishwasher and washing/dryer were great because I could take my running kit home all nice and clean. I was a little disappointed that we didn't have a bath, especially given the nature of our stay, but the great TV, DVD player and cosy chairs made up for it. Our party hired out two other rooms at 196 Bishopsgate and they were absolutely massive, and they both had baths. The location was also really great. Just down from a great Tesco metro, opposite Liverpool Station and all its amenities, and near the charm of Spitalfields. I recommend this accommodation heartily.	
Apr 18 2008 	Comfy bed incompentent staff	Flats are nice and bed is comfy but the experience is really overshadowed by arrogant and incompentent staff. I had to make a change in my booking to shorten my stay, something I did within the required 24 hours cancellation time. When I checked out in the morning of my last day, I had to pay the full stay, being told that the refund of the days I cancelled would be done &quot;later&quot;. In addition, I could not get an invoice or even a reciept of my payment (eventhough I really insisted). Instead I was blamed for having rebooked (eventhough it was within their own cancellation policy). Even disregarding this experience, I never got a smile and for every inquiry (asking for the way to the gym or a restaurant) at the front desk I felt like I was being a pain in the neck for them.I would not recommend this place for anyone who wants to feel welcome.	
Mar 6 2008 	Convenient place to stay in London	The apartment's living room/diner was airy and spacious - a very nice room in which to work and eat. Plumbing was poor: cheap fittings, drain which barely worked; feeble shower. Bedrooms were cramped. But location is terrific: 50 metres from Liverpool Street station. Decent value and incredibly convenient. Worth visiting for these reasons alone.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great Valuea nice apartment for the price of a room!	Just wanted to write a few words to emphasise what good value this place represents; have stayed here twice, once on a Friday night and once on a Saturday and Sunday. On a weekday night the noise is appreciably louder due to the areas large workforce and if you are unduly troubled by a little street noise then a room at the back and on the upper floors is recommended.The apartment itself,(1 bed both times), is roomy, apart from the bathroom,(no bath, only shower, very small!), well maintained, and whilst minimalist in style has everything you need for a most comfortable stay. Given the location and having paid the same rate or more for substandard hotel accommodation, of which there is quite a bit in London, this represents great value and i think some of the revies have been a little churlish in not recognising this. Will definitely stay again and would recommend to anyone.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great stay at Bishopsgate	This was very accurately described as an &quot;aparthotel&quot;. As a traveling family of 5 with an infant coming from America, we had a great overall stay at this location! Only a few issues (read on)...First, it's a stone's throw from the Liverpool Street Tube stop. The financial district which it's in is actually a very up and coming enjoyable area for people in their twenties/thirties (two authentic old English pubs also within spitting distance). Also, we got a two bedroom with a kitchenette allowing us to purchase outside food to save on expensive English dining, and lo and behold there's a Tesco's supermarket only one block south! As I've read other reviews where people were disgruntled with the noise, it's important to have a room on a higher floor and with the bedrooms facing away from the street (which luckily we had on the 5th). Service was actually good for us as well.My only few issues would be these; The walls are definitely thin between the rooms, as my infant kept all others up in the other rooms. Also, for incoming Americans be prepared for the very small rooms / bathroom. For some reason, all the doors within the apartment close instantly, which gets annoying when you aren't given doorstops to keep the doors open.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great location	My friend booked several apartments here for her birthday and we had a great time. It makes a change from a hotel room, and is especially beneficial if you're having guests over before you head out on the town or if you're staying more than one night. The location of the apartments can be a good or bad thing depending on what you're looking for. They are across the road from Liverpool Street Station and are located near endless bars and restaurants. However at night (depending which way your apartment faces) it can be quite noisy. The apartments themselves are nicely done up, with a tv, hi-fi, all the kitchen appliances you could want. One thing which did bother us was the smell of stale cigarettes (we stayed before the smoking ban). Not all the apartments are the same (some had arm chairs, others had sofas, though they were the same price) but it depends on what you are looking for.	
Dec 29 2007 	Noisy Noisy Noisy Noisy - You get the picture.	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for one night recently as we were in London for the company's Christmas party at a nearby venue. Imagine my happiness on entering the hotel foyer to be greeted by the sight of hooligans beating each other up inside whilst five policemen tried to restrain them. Outside the hotel is like a war zone. If you like hanging out with drunken louts then this is the place to be. On returning to the hotel later on there was nobody at reception to let us in. Luckily we had our room key to open the front door. Imagine how much fun it would have been trying to dodge the mobs outside had we not had the key. 24 hour reception. Where is it? On entering the room, which incidentally was perfect in every way, we had to fight to get to sleep against the thumping music emanating from the room upstairs. Maybe some soundproofing is in order. The only good thing I have to say with regards to this hotel is that there is a police station right next door.	
Dec 11 2007 	totally loved the apartments	we hired out a 2 bedroom apartment, it was so clean and lush, it was like we were living abroad, when we came to check in, the young lad was very polite (Raz or Riz) The service from the front desk was very helpful, we asked if we could have a room with the balcony and we were given it. we were helped with the luggage up to the room by him. Smiles when walking past and sweets welcoming us back in to the building, room service was a bit tough when asking for requirements, the room keepers didnt understand but the reception boy was there to help on the other end of the line. the room was clean and spacious, quiet and smelt nice. it was like we were living back in Spain. I would recomend this Apartment hotel to everyone who want a break, (get the room with the balcony, nice views). me and my partner enjoyed it and enjoyed the comfort and service that we have already reserved a room for the new year. See you all soon xxx	
Nov 26 2007 	LOVED IT!!!!!!	For my 22nd birthday i decided to go to London and party. So after shifting though loads of apartments we decided to stay at 196 Bishopsgate. It was a great choice.The location was great-came of the underground, walk across the road and we was there.The staff were lovely, when we checked in(i believe the guy we were checked in by was was called (niz or riz???). He was so polite and helpful.When we open up our apartment, room door we loved the fact that it so spacious, clean and just lush!!! I would totally stay there again, and i plan too. See you soon 196 Bishopsgate!!	
Oct 27 2007 	A good nite out	We arrived at the desk at check in time.No problems whatsoever. The door card played up a bit but if you kept at it you got in eventually.We were really impressed at home big and well equipped it was. Comfy beds and sofa, good TV stereo, wireless internet and the all important kettle for hangover tea!Very central, close to the tube- we will come again!Only things that were a problem-bring a plug for the bathroom sink and the temperature an get a bit hot with the storage heaters.	
Oct 17 2007	Just Beware the Front Rooms	This hotel could really be something, but they have to fix a few huge issues, first. This is not completely a hotel – they have a bit of a front desk but it does not provide full hotel services. It is kind of the extended stay idea but without a true front desk. The rooms look fantastic – modern but tasteful design, full kitchen area, washer/dryer in the unit. But beware the noise! My room fronted the main road, and the windows did not close all the way. To top it off, they offered no sound protection. The noise was unbelievable. You may as well be out on the street – there is a busy train and bus station right outside, with pubs going all night. You will not get any sleep here! Also, while it had things like a nice big flat panel TV, issues such as a remote that wouldn't work, appliances that didn't work, and a most unhelpful (and clueless) front desk staff really hurt them. Fix these and it would earn top stars!	
Sep 27 2007 	Handy location modern apartments	Please note, this is not a hotel, it's apartments that you are renting, so the previous reviewers that have complained about &quot;useless&quot; staff are a tad misplaced. Don't expect service like in a hotel.It's centrally located, just accross from Liverpool Stree station, and the apartments are spacious, modern and comfortable. We were actually upgraded without asking, from a junior suite to a larger one with an extra room, which is great service in my opinion.Not being a hotel, there is no breakfast (they offer breakfast 'packs' for £10- just walk the 100 yards or so to Tesco's and get it yourself), and yes, it can be a bit noisy, but what do you expect for central London? We stayed here for one night as a stopover before getting the train from Liverpool St. station to Standsted for a flight the next day. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone planning the same, and at £100 for a suite I'd say it represented good value for money in great surroundings by London standards and prices.	
Aug 6 2007 	OK but very very noisy hotel horrible service	We were a group of 6 people going to London to see a concert. We booked one singelroom and one 2 bed apartment from 3rd to 5th of august with an ekstra bed. When we came to the hotel it took the receptionist about 5-6 minutes to find our reservation. The room and the 2 room apartment were fine with quite big rooms. However it was extremly noisy there with loud music and drunk people yelling and shouting on both sides of the hotel all thru the night. One bedroom lacked aircondition and was hot like an oven in the morning. One pillow had a few bloodstains on it. We only had towels for 2 persons and the extra campingbed was the cheapest and most worn out bed you can imagine.One night we came home after a dinner and a few drinks it was impossible to open the room door because the electronic key-lock had broken down. The receptionist tried to open open it, but It took him 2 hours while we waited until halv past 2 in the morning. We asked if we could get a complementary beer or glass of wine while we waited, but he said that it was not possible. When he finally managed to open the door we did not get any kind of excuse from the hotel what had happend. The receptionist left and now we noticed that the door could not be looked! So the entire night the door was unlocked. The next morning we complained to the receptionist who worked the day shift. He unwillingly agreed to look at it while we went out for a couple of hours since we said that we had computers, passports and other valuables in the room. When we came back two hours later he had not even looked at our door, but said he would do it later in the day when he got time. Now we started to get quite tired of the horrible service and ordered him to call maintanance which he then did reluctanly. To make the horrible service complete the receptionist called us 8 minutes after check out time (11:08) and told us in a rude manner that we were too late and had to get out now. That we had to spend 2 hours outside our room the first night was no excuse. When we asked to leave our luggage in the reception while we went out for breakfast the answer was a plain no.The sad part is that if only the manager changed the staff to someone who actually wanted to do a good job, the experience would not be that bad, but as it is I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 29 2007 	Great location useless staff	We booked a studio apartment at 196 as we were celebrating my birthday in nearby Brick Lane and wanted to be able to entertain our friends before going out. On arrival we were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment which was fantastic. The apartment itself was lovely and suited our needs perfectly. The staff, however, and the service overall was a catalogue of errors. As it was my birthday my sister called ahead to arrange for Champagne to be in the room on arrival as a surprise treat. The incompetent staff then phoned me to ask how much to spend (they were on a mobile in Tesco!) - there went the surprise! Said champagne was not even in the room on arrival but was handed to us by a cleaner in the corridor! There was also a fiasco at the front desk as the receptionist, who spoke poor English, was clearly new and nervous and the chip &amp; pin card machine had broken. He was having to take manual copies of the credit cards which left a trailing queue to the front door. I was called after leaving 196 to be informed the receptionist had made a mistake and I needed to once again give my credit card details, as it was my partners card I gave them his details. They have since left me over 6 voicemails requesting information I've already given them. To conclude: Great location, nice apartment, terrible service.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Room But So noisy on Friday And Saturday Nights	When we arrived we were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment, which was at the front of the hotel. The apartment was fantastic, very modern and stylish, lots of room, great kitchen and lovely bedroom. Hotel is in a great location, a few mins from liverpool street station and if you want to cook in your room, there is a tesco extra a few minutes walk away. The first night of our stay was a Friday, and due to the room facing the front of the hotel, it was so noisy as there is a few pubs just below the hotel. Didnt get much sleep that night until the pubs had closed. So wasnt great as we had a busy day on Saturday so was quite tired throughout that day. In the morning i went to reception to complain about the noise and they said to me i should of asked before i stayed for a room that doesnt face the front of the hotel. But how is someone who hasnt stayed at the hotel before supposed to know to ask that. We wernt able to move rooms as they were fully booked, so had to buy ear plugs for the Saturday night, and it was noisy again, so you needed them. On checkout, the hotel didnt offer much apologies and didnt offer any discount or anything especially as we payed £200 for 2 nights. So, overall, avoid staying on Friday or Saturday nights, unless you ask for a non front facing room. The rooms are great and you wont be dissapointed with them.	
Nov 14 2006 	A mixed bag...	I took my girlfriend here for two nights in February as a birthday trip to London to see a show. I booked a studio apartment, but was upgraded to a one-bed apartment on the day, which was a pleasant surprise. The apartments are nice inside; comfortable and modern. However we had three main problems:1) The heater in the lounge would not turn off. This meant that it was on full heat all evening, meaning the lounge/kitchen was extremely hot! We told the concierge several times but he told us he would report it in the morning, which he did not, so we had to report it again. It never got solved!2) The noise on the Friday night from the bar below was so loud we could not sleep until it stopped (around 1.30am). The music vibrated the whole apartment! Thankfully the bar was closed on Saturday so we had a restful sleep!3) Don't get the breakfast basket thing. For £10 it is a rip-off!! Just get some stuff in from Tesco the day before and put it in the fridge!Overall though, the apartment was lovely and the location great (just opposite Liverpool St station). I had booked it because I thought that it would be a bit different staying in an apartment rather than a hotel. On balance though I wouldn't stay there again, but it wouldn't take much to improve these apartments and make them a great place to stay. Not sure how you convince the bar to turn their music down though...	
Jul 24 2006 	Fantastic Place-just a little noisy	I booked an Executive One Bedroom apartment for a weekend break at a fab rate of £100.00 plus VAT. We had a huge one bed apartment at the front of the property which was wonderuflly furnished. The bed was ultra comfortable, as was the leather sofa and the TV and DVD player was brand new and worked brilliantly- so cool to be able to take and watch your own DVD's! The kitchen was spacious, well equipped and hi tech- really impressive! The staff at the front desk were helpful and friendly and I liked the fact that they weren't over bearing- it isnt like a hotel- it is more like staying in your own apartment in the city. Next doors there is a Pret sandwich shop and the nearby Tesco's is great. The Police station is two doors up so a a very safe feeling neighbourhood. Bit of a trek into the main tourist parts but just so cool to have your own london apartment. One word of warning- we had an apartment at the front of the building which had air conditioning. This was great in the London heatwave, but the room was very noisy early in the morning due to traffic and I did have to put some cotton wool in my ears! However, balanced up I would rather have the air conditioned room- as it was so cool and made such a difference! Apparently the rooms at the back of the property only have fans. Your choice!	
Jul 8 2006 	OK Room Horrible Service	This review is mixed. In March I stayed with a business partner for a week while doing business in London. The location is good for business - right accross the street from Liverpool Station and walking distance to the financial center. We very much enjoyed the 2 bedrooms, kitchen and living room. It gave us some private space but we could still be together in the living room to discuss business and hang out. Far superior to a hotel room.Check in was OK, but setting up the internet service was a borderline miracle. The staff was quite disinterested in our issues. No one offered to assist with luggage, or anything else for that matter. No one even came to the room to introduce the room to us.The beds are old and hard. The bedrooms were abutting a court yard which was loud with maintenance all night every night. We did not have one good night sleep the entire week.Our primary issue began with not being able to access our room the night before we left. The keys did not work, although the desk attendant assured us that we were not using the card key correctly. After 20 minutes of nonsense, we dragged the attendant to the room, where he declared that we were not permitted back in the room until we paid $300 for a broken couch. He let us in, and if one were to actually pull the arm of the couch away from its body, yes, it was broken. However, we did not break it, and it looked like it had been in that same condition for quite a long time. We sent the desk attendant away, and in the morning we were told that the couch was being charged to our credit card. We have been fighting this bogus charge ever since.Eliminating this issue from this review, to be fair, we stayed in a spacious 2 bedroom flat in a good business location with a living room and dining room table with internet access for far less than the cost of 2 separate rooms at a hotel. Unfortunately, rooms are for sleeping, and that was not to be had both due to the lack of quality beds, sheets and blankets, and the noise.I would not stay again based on principle. I don't like being swindled. But I suppose if this is considered an issolated incident and you are a good sleeper who does not need a luxury bed (or anything even close to it) and you don't mind constant night noise, and the extra space is valuable, and you don't want to spend a lot, than maybe you could tolerate this place.	
Jul 6 2006	don't be fooled	The apartment itself was fantastic, the location of the place is brilliant, but don't expect the service and staff to match up. We were treated like idiots, probably because we didn't own our own business, and didn't stroll in in suits. Do NOT pay on your debit or credit card, because their system has an interesting way of charging you more than once. I wouldn't go back because of the way I felt I was being treated, but for a 'treat' on a weekend away bishopsgate does the trick.	
Nov 15 2005	Very disappointing for this money I would expect better	This place isn't comfortable - I'd much rather have a proper hotel room with a decent bed. It's nice to have a fridge rather than a minibar, particularly since Tesco is just downstairs, but the lack of champagne glasses is a shame. Beds are small and cheap, towels thick but old, toiletries nothing special and for toilet paper read sandpaper. And it's very difficult to do your hair when the plug sockets are nowhere near the mirrors! Storage heaters and all self-closing doors make the place stuffy and the ventilation system in the apartment hallway roared like an aeroplane all night.	
Oct 31 2005	Apartment exceeded expectations!!!!	As a birthday treat a trip to London was ideal. First class accommodation was way above our expectations. Friendly staff, easy access for entertainment and will definately book to stay here again.	
Jul 11 2005	Can I buy one?	We stayed at 196 Bishopsgate after a ball in London as our usual haunt (Old Street Holiday Inn Express) was full. Boy, what a difference!All we really wanted was a bed and a shower, and for a bargain price of £88 (from laterooms) we had an actual flat (well, a bedsit).The bed, although pushed against the wall on one side beause of the size of the room, was one of the biggest I've ever slept in and the only time my toes didn't hang off the end. There was lots of wardrobe space (none of which we used), a dining / work table and upholstered chairs, TV, stereo, alarm clock etc... in fact it looked just like the pictures on their website, and it's not often you can say that.The kitchen was bigger and nicer than our one at home and we spent a little while sulking about this.The view was unprepossessing but nobody comes to London for the scenery and the windows were huge, making the room very light.Apart from a tedious check in (the reason I fill in all my details online is so I don't have to do it again when I get there) we had a very pleasant stay, and I'd recommend it to anyone who has to do a long stint in the City. Or even a short stint. Or for anyone who wants to pretend they're young cool Londoners (if we still lived in our scummy flat in Hackney, we'd rent the penthouse, host a dinner party and pretend we lived there...)Tip for breakfast - avoid Ponti's (greasy with mysterious stringy bits) and sit outside Cafe Nero across the road	
Jan 4 2005	Convenient decently priced stay in the City	Used the Somerset Bishopsgate as a one-night base in the City. My priority was to find somewhere reasonably priced and convenient for the Square Mile - and at roughly 25 yards away from Liverpool Street station this certainly hit the mark.I stayed in a three room apartment - kitchen/sitting room, bedroom &amp; bathroom. Smallish, but clean, modern furnishings with everything that was required. Staying in an apartment clearly means that breakfast isn't included, but given the price difference between the Somerset Bishopsgate and local hotels, I'd recommend stay here &amp; get a croissant etc from one of the many local coffee shops. Perfect for business visitors.	
May 29 2009 	Einfach super!		
Jan 11 2009 	Accogliente Hotel nella city		
Aug 5 2008 	Pour ceux qui cherchent un appartement équipé		
