	Great Service Great Value	I thouroughly enjoyed my stay at the Wyndham Hotel in London. The room was quite small, but it was actually larger than I expected, so I had plenty of space to move around. It was great to have a private shower and I didn't miss not having my own toilet since the shared toilet was right across the hall. The service was fantastic. I had to leave my baggage with the front desk since I arrived before check in, and when I returned that evening, they had lugged my 50lb suitcase to my room for me. Then they fought me tooth and nail when I tried to tip for it. The location is superb, being about 2 blocks from the tube in central London. Lots of restaurants are about 2 blocks away, as is a Starbucks and a post office at which you can exchange $ at no cost. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who just needs a safe, quiet, comfy room to sleep in. Oh, the free wifi was great too. I never had an issue logging on.	
Nov 10 2009 	OK. Nothing more. And WC not in the room!	It is for sure great 2 star hotel. However I was disappointed, that the WC is in corridor and to be shared with fellow guests. Would not expect this for price of GBP 84 per night for single occupancy. It might be stated in the homepage, but I did not see this and I am not willing to recheck it now, so be warned!Bed has seen better times, but microwave is for the ones who would warm their own deep frozen pizza, but no cutlery is available anyway.The street and entrance looks just perfect for London, but be prepared for the above mentioned and no elevator.Breakfast is OK and it seems, that free WiFi is offered, and computer is available for free use for guests downstairs.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good hotel terrible breakfast	Our room was pretty small,but as we were only sleeping in it,it wasn't an issue. It had everything you need in it ,except a toilet. The towels were really small.Plenty of tea and coffee and even a mini bar.A few toiletries were provided.The staff we met were very helpful and friendly and let us leave our luggage there.The breakfast was pretty awful,the sausages tasted more of rusk and bread than meat and the bacon was wafer thin and tasteless.On saying this I would stay here again,but just have a continental instead. The hotel is really handy for Marleybone station and only 5-10 minutes walk.	
Oct 18 2009 	very nice hotel	I had a very good stay.And would definitely recommend this hotel to my other colleagues.Staff are nice, breakfast is very filling and tasty. Location is good enough for this price, as well as the rooms.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great for budget travelers I would absolutely return	If you are looking to see London on a budget, I can highly recommend the Wyndham. The room was small but comfortable, I am 6' tall and was fine in the bed. Like many older London hotels the in-room shower was an add-on but worked fine, the only inconvenience for me was not having a toilet in the room (they are just down the hall, and it was always free when I had to go). They even give you a robe which was convenient for early morning trips to the loo! I did not have computer with me so I'm not sure if they have wireless, there were plenty of electric plugs for my cell phone and camera, and a mini bar which I also used as a refrigerator. The hotel manager was very nice and helped me figure train connections on their computer, and the room was clean and in good repair for an older building. One caution, the dining room is very small - far fewer tables then guests, so if you are the type that likes to eat a fast breakfast and start your day, you might want to go early or eat breakfast somewhere else, if not you might have to wait for others to finish their breakfast. The food looked &amp; smelled good, but everyday I would have liked to have breakfast all the tables were full. The hotel is on a side street but close to Marlybone, so there is a little street noise but not so much you can't sleep. Even with the windows open I was fine and am a relatively light sleeper. Its also a great location, a 5 minute walk to either Baker street or Marleybone tube stations, and also a short walk from Regent park - which is a great spot for sunsets by the pond) and Madam Tussaud's, there are also plenty of restaurants and shops less than 5 minutes away.It certainly is not a luxury hotel, but if you are concerned with cost and want a safe, clean hotel in a good location you should consider the Wyndham.	
May 26 2009 	Would definitely go back	My cousin and I took a trip to London last week and stayed at the Wyndham. It was in a fantastic neighborhood and was the right price for what we got. We got a double room where the bed took up most of the room and the shower and sink we're RIGHT in front of the bed, but that was more funny to us than annoying. We each had to turn around and face the wall while the other one showered each day! Toilet was just a few steps down the hall. Free full English breakfast every day was good and we also got FREE wifi. I wrote a blog about it with video of our room here http://hallejujahtothehoot.blogspot.com/2009/05/london-calling.htmlAll in all, the stay was great and we missed our tiny abode when we left.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great value for price	Very clean room, no wasted space. Had a front room but very quiet. Great breakfast cooked to order. Five minute walk to Marylebone tube station. Will stay here again next time in London.	
Jan 31 2009 	comfortable stay	A great location in a quiet street near tubes.Clean rooms and friendly staff, in room shower stall and wash basin a tight fit but this is Europe and a bed-breakfast hotel.!Most likely this is my London stay location for future personal trips.	
Jan 14 2009 	Unbeatable value	Hard to fault the Wyndham. Booked via a website at GBP51 for a double room for single occupancy. Staff were pleasant, helpful and accommodating - eg cooking breakfast early as I needed an early start. Yes the rooms have no toilet but i found the shared ones clean and the shower ok. Fantastic value for money.	
Oct 16 2008	Didn't like it	Noisy. a total of 3 toilets on different floors. The one on the top floor wasnt available because it had a ladder in it when I was there so that meant there were only two toilets. they are in one room near the bottom landing. I think it was the first floor up but cant remember...Could feel the box springs through the mattress. It was one of those one piece things that include the springs. Hair on my sheets though the woman said she did change them.They do provide free fruit in the room and reasonable prices for drinks in the fridge. Considering the cost of London and the exchange rate it is a bargain BUT lots of problems with it...They do have a computer for your use.If you don't want to deal with the metro steps and you are traveling Eurostar you can take bus 205 outside of Marylebone.The directions on the hotel website tell you to get off at baker street when using the tube but Marleybone is closer.I wouldn't stay there again but it is a good rate, didn't have bed bugs, and better than a hostel.	
Oct 15 2008 	Nice but not the best	Nice hotel near Marylebone road. Quiet street and good for tube and raylway station. We asked for ensuite facilities and had a good shower and lavatory but...NO TOILET!!! It was two floors down or un up :-( Anyway nice cosy hotel..they should advertise better the fact that no toilet is available in the rooms.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great London Stop Over	Spent just one evening here after reading the reviews on this site. Definitely wasn't disappointed. In a good area of London, very close to Marylebone tube station which was a real bonus. Considering how close you were to the main road, it was very quiet in the evening (and we had a front room). A small basic hotel but with added little touches that make it an all the more pleasant experience, e.g. small mini bar (not over priced) dressing gowns, fruit. Comfortable clean small rooms with a small shower cubicle in the corner (a little strange) but I would imagine very handy for the single traveller. There are no toilets in the room but its not far to go to get to the nearest spotless toilet. Great cooked breakfast in the morning and I would class this hotel as a real London bargain. I would definitely use this hotel as a great little stop over again!!!	
Sep 21 2008 	One to note	This hotel is in a very convenient location near to Marylebone rail and tube stations, in a quiet street.The rooms are small but adequate and very clean. It would have been nice to have our own toilet but there were 2 on the landing.The contents in the fridge, which were there for you to purchase, were reasonably priced. Bathrobes were provided tooBreakfast in the morning was cooked to order and plentiful and the overhall welcome and service was very good.JB	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Location 	I only stayed for 1 night in a twin room with a colleague but this hotel surpassed our expectations.It is very clean. welcoming and friendly. There's tea &amp; coffee freely available in the room and a small fridge with water, coke etc.. Free fruit &amp; toiletries also. There's also a small shower &amp; sink in the room. The rooms do not have toilets but they are easily accessible ( ours was directly opposite room) and are very clean &amp; checked regulary.Breakfast is either full english or continental - both plentiful.The location is 2nd to none, about 5 mins from Baker st tube down a nice quiet street just off Marylebone High Street ( Marylebone underground 2 mins away). We paid £80-00 for a twin room - really the best value there is for a budget hotel.In fact the only thing I should warn you about is that it is an old London townhouse so stairs are a little steep. There is no lift. We were on the top floor which was fine for us but of course will not be fine for everyone. Also the room was very warm even though it wasn't outside but we had the window open &amp; there was also an electric fan.Overall I would not hesitate to stay here again even for a few nights, its extremely good value for money, the owners friendly, clean bedrooms &amp; bathrooms &amp; a fantastic breakfast. You'll struggle to find a better hotel for this money in this location.	
Jun 6 2008 	The best budget hotel I’ve ever found in London	Stayed here for a night while down in London on business. Srange hotel – but not in a bad way. More a hotel of unexpected contrasts - and most of them good. Actually quite a find given some of the places I’ve had to stay in over the years in London. The hotel is situated in the Marylebone area of the city – Baker Street and Madame Tussaud’s is about a 10 minute walk, Paddington Station and the West End 20 minutes. But the hotel actually sits down a side road so is very quiet considering the number of busy main roads in the area. It's very unassuming as you arrive with its locked door. But once I arrived, rang the door bell to get in, paid by credit card, and was given a key and shown to my room I was made very welcome.They say you get what you pay for but in London terms this represented excellent value especially when you consider what some hotels charge in London for far inferior accomodation. OK my room was small and basic but it was adequately furnished with a TV and Ikea-style furniture and the small en-suite shower put some alleged “power showers” I’ve used in well known hotels to shame. There were a couple of shared toilets close to my room but they were clean and obviously cared for. But there were other nice little touches I haven’t seen in budget hotels such as this in London before. There was a mini-fridge in the room well-stocked with cold soft drinks. It was a hot day and a portable fan had been left switched on in the room. There was a bowl of fresh apples on the bedside table. The bed was actually one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have slept in for a while, and there was a fresh dressing gown hanging behind the door.In the morning, a perfectly acceptable breakfast was freshly cooked in the open-plan breakfast room kitchen area which overlooked a balcony area. As the only other guest I met commented, it was almost like being a guest in someone’s own house.So who would I recommend it for? Certainly as a budget tourist hotel, and I’ll certainly use it again when I come to London on business.	
Mar 20 2008	Highly recommended	Wonderful hotel, lovely large and relatively luxurious suites, excellent and peaceful view of the harbour. The restaurant at night was so atmospheric with the lights and the fabulous singer at the piano. Additionally for a London location, it was really quiet at night. Finally the staff and the service they provided were perfect and faultless. Would definitely stay here again	
Jan 10 2008 	Wonderful hotel	We have just returned from a short stay at this hotel in January.It is situated just a short taxi ride from the Kings Road, Slone Street and Knightsbridge.It is an all suite hotel that offers either Chelsea harbour views or street views. We had a Chelsea harbour view suite which you would appreciate a spring/summer day but it was a wet when we were there.We found the decor in the suite of high standard, very comfortable beds and a well appointed bathroom.The breakfast was varied to cater for all and in a lovely bright room with views of the harbour.We loved our stay so much that we will be back this year.	
Aug 24 2007 	Small but clean 	After looking at many many hotels in this price range and reading horrible reviews, it was a huge relief to find Wyndham.What I liked: - Quiet street but very close to the Tube.- Clean rooms.- Fresh fruit in the rooms.- Ample breakfast.- Friendly staff (the family who runs the place).- Safe environment, even for a female travelling alone.- Shower in the room (although it was a bit weird...)What I didn't like so much:- Steep stairs and many doors which made it a bit tough to navigate with a suitcase.- A bit warm in the room, although outside temperature was only about 20 deg C.- TV didn't work.The common toilets (for which you have to climb/descend stairs) and the small size of the rooms didn't bother me much, since I was only staying 1 night and was out in town all day anyway.For 55 pounds a night (for single stay), this was excellent value! I'd definitely stay again.	
Jul 17 2007 	Excellent Bargain and More	After perusing guidebooks and searching numerous travel websites, my wife and I booked a room for two nights at the Wyndham Hotel. The hotel more than lived up to the positive reviews it receives on the web. The room with spotlessly clean, airy, and good sized (for London). The staff, alomst entirely Polish, were friendly, efficient, and professional. The location is excellent - the hotel is on a quiet street and yet only a few blocks from pubs, restaurants, shopping, and two undergound (subway) stations. We would happily stay at the Wyndham again and will recommend it to our friends. The hotel is an excellent bargain and more.	
Jul 23 2006 	Excellent value	Put this on your list for a budget North London hotel / B&amp;B.Address: 30 Wyndham Street, London W1H 1DDI found this hotel on the list of hotels close to the University of Westminster: [--]I booked at the university rate of GBP 35 per night because I was attending a conference at the University of Westminster.It looks like a typical London townhouse with a clear sign outside. About a 5 min walk from Marylebone Tube station, a little more to Baker Street which has many underground line connections.I got a single room with washbasin &amp; shower, toilet was on the floor above.Bowl of fruit on welcome, fridge with cool drinks at reasonable prices, tea/coffee making facilities, no air conditioning but a fan. Clean bed, room #28 looks out on quiet Wyndham street. I didn't take breakfast as I left before their 8am start each day.At that price and service, I'd go back again. Even at the standard rate of 55 pounds a night, it's better than any other B&amp;B or 2star hotel I've stayed in in London.	
May 1 2006	comfortable basic accommodations	Having previously lived in London, I knew what kind of neighborhood I was looking for when I began my search for a hotel I could stay in during a brief return to the city. I also knew how overpriced so many hotels can be and how even a hotel with a high price tag can be very dingy inside. So I feel very lucky to have come across the Wyndham Hotel. It's very well located, on a quiet street in the central Marylebone neighborhood, not more than two blocks from the Marylebone Tube station (Bakerloo line), and around seven minutes' walk to the Baker Street station. Flying in from America, I arrived at the hotel a little before 8:15 am. Monika, the extremely pleasant resident manager, invited me to have a seat in the immaculate breakfast room for a cup of coffee. At first she explained that I wouldn't be able to move into my room (which I totally understood), but then, unsolicited, she announced that she had rearranged some of the room reservations and would be able to let me to take an unoccupied room. After the long plane ride, I was delighted to be able to take a shower straight away! Of course, the rooms at the Wyndham are small; but then all British hotel rooms are small by U.S. standards. American tourists who are prepared for this will find the Wyndham's rooms completely adequate. The room I took, #27, was on the second floor and overlooked the very quiet Wyndham Street. As another reviewer mentioned, there is a fire door directly outside most of the rooms, meaning that you have to maneuver yourself and your luggage through a narrow space. More importantly, it also means that there's a fair amount of noise when your neighbor gets in and out of his room. But this is just about the only complaint I have with the Wyndham. Since the shower (at least in my room) was a small stall with a clear plastic door in one corner of the room, anyone sharing a room here should be prepared to be very intimate with his/her roommate. There's also a very clean sink in the room. The toilet, though, is outside the guestroom, and shared (there are three toilets for the nine rooms, I believe). Sure, this is something of an inconvenience, but when you realize you're paying 49 pounds for extremely clean accommodations in central London, you soon get over it.Unfortunately, the hotel was overbooked for my last night there; and since they had been so flexible about letting me check in several hours before the official check-in time, I agreed to move to another hotel for my last night. The second hotel paled by comparison to the Wyndham and really helped me to appreciate how nice I had had it there. I was sorry to have to leave it behind, but Monika was kind enough to comp the (very afforable) items I had consumed from the minibar/fridge in the room, as well as the couple local phone calls I had made. In sum, I was very happy with my Wyndham Hotel experience and would definitely stay there again if I'm traveling to London on a modest budget.	
Apr 4 2006	Nice clean afforadable	I stayed at this B and B for 3 days on the recommendation of a friend. The rooms are very small and no internet access - at least it would not work for me. I would stay here again as it is a very good value. The Westminster/Marlybone area is very nice and very easy to get to theatre district via Marlybone tube.	
Oct 30 2003	small and quiet	The wyndhamis a small quirky B&amp;B on a very quiet side street of marylebone. It is a 7-10 minute walk to the baker St Tube, Madame Tussauds or Baker St. The room are typically small, with showers, but no toilet. There are multiple fire doors between the hall and the rooms, lending an Alice in Wonderland feel. There is a small garden out back, and a basement breakfast room. The rooms are clean, the WC basic, and they accomodate early check ins. I have used this place twice to rest my head while exploring London and it has been a fine value. The flip side of it being very quiet is that at night you will hjave a walk or cab ride to get to the nightlife.	
Sep 27 2009 	Vraiment minuscule		
Jul 30 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 6 2009 	Pratique et pas cher		
Apr 15 2009 	Accueil prévenant		
Aug 28 2008 	Parfait petit hôtel de famille		
May 28 2007	Sauber sehr gastfreundlich und eine TOP Lage!		
