Nov 25 2009 	The 80's Revisited	Great location - next to Marylebone high Street. Nice frontage at night - looks posh. Isn't. When you walk into the hotel in the evening the smell of roast lamb or beef from the dining room whafts through the air. It is empty.There is an old smell of old furniture, carpets that have been trodden a million times. When you get to your room and call housekeeping for a shirt to be pressed, they tell you where you can find an iron and ironing board and are welcome to do it yourself. When you call maintenance because the rads are on full belt and you can't breathe, a guy turns up and says he can't do nothing about it and you need to wait until maintennace are back tomorrow. When you say 'I'd rather have a double bed than two singles' they tell that the two singles are pushed together so are the same size as a double. The room has furnishing that would be a struggle to sell at a boot sale. Turn back the sheets and the top sheeet is blood stained. The shower head is about the size of a 10 pence piece. You get the picture? Like a step back in time when hotels didn't give a damn about what the clients thought because it was unlikely they would ever come back anyway.	
Nov 13 2009 	Disappointing	We were very disappointed with our 3 nights at this hotel. We agree with the previous comments on the condition of the room . We feel it needs a good overhaul. Much better hotels to stay at for the same money. This experience spoilt the last few days of our special trip.	
Oct 21 2009 	Totally Disapointed	Some reviews said this hotel had old English Charm! but if what we stayed in was English Charm im ashamed! We booked this hotel as we were excited about the Queen size beds and had read it was just off Oxford Street and in the heart of theatre land, as my partner had a bad leg be thought this was perfect! The bed took up the whole room! There was hardly any space for him to hobble around which made it really difficult. The carpet was coming up the wall paper was ripped in many places, the bathroom was horrible with cracked tiles/mirror, didnt feel clean and the loo flush was broken. We did complain but were told it was &quot;part of its charm&quot; however we did get moved into a much nicer room (bathroom still not great) but it just spoiled it for us. There is also NO tea and coffee in any of the rooms!! no fridge and a rubbish hair dryer that was more like a hoover on the wall. The blanket was not warm enough, there was no spare and the pillows were flat and lumpy.Its more like a 5 min walk to Ox Street and 8-10 to the Bond Street Tube. We were told it was in the heart of Theatre land = lie! more like very very edge.It really did spoil a special weekend. Im all up for privatly owned and keeping things origional but this really is not a good example of how it should be done!	
Oct 10 2009 	Great hotel at a good price	We stayed at this hotel during a recent trip to London and Paris. We chose the hotel based on reviews here and the fact that it is not a cookie cutter chain hotel. If you are looking for sleek go elsewhere. The hotel has the authentic ambiance of an old line British hotel. Our room was small by Midwest US standards but was roomy by New York or London standards. The room was immaculately clean and well maintained. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The bar is small but there is an additional room on the opposite side of the bar itself. There is also a lounge near the bar that is quite roomy. The hotel does have a restaurant but we did not use it so we cannot comment on the quality. One drawback is that the hotel is a 10 minute walk from two tube stops. However it is on a very quiet street. There are several pubs and cafes in the area including a well respected fish and chippery. The Wallace Collection is literally across the street although the entrance is one block over on the opposite side from the hotel.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Fussy Un-inspiring	Intrusive doormen who always know where you are headed. Ridiculous huge keys which are cumbersome.Room size not bad but somehow I just never got comfortable with it's fussiness.	
Sep 26 2009 	A British Hotel Gem	My husband and I chose this hotel after reading that it was one of the few, independently owned British hotels left in London. We did not want a large, overdone chain hotel because we wanted to experience English charm. Durrants Hotel delivered. Even our friends, who are British, commented on what a lovely place it was.We did not find the place worn and tattered as other reviewers mentioned, but beautifully decorated with lovely art work, furniture and old wood paneling. The room, although a bit small, was nicely decorated, air-conditioned, with a large flat screen TV on the wall opposite the bed (we didn't watch it however). It faced the back which was very quiet. We would have liked to have had a coffee pot in the room but the dining staff was happy to bring one up in the mornings. The bed afforded us the most comfortable sleep with nice linens, soft down pillows, and perfect weight blanket (MY husband and I do not like sleeping under duvets as we get way too hot). And there was good lighting on either side of the bed for reading - something we did not always have in other places.The location was perfect, on a very quiet street in the West End, yet minutes from Marylebone, Oxford St. shopping, restaurants and the Bond and Baker Street underground. It was great coming back to the hotel and getting away from the crowds after a long day. The staff was always pleasant upon arrival and departure, friendly and courteous. The hotel also has a car service you can use (about the same price as a cab to Paddington, then 2 tickets for the Heathrow Express) for door to door service to Heathrow Airport. This really avoids hassles when leaving and takes only about 35 minutes.Our 3 nights at Durrants were extremely pleasant and we were very happy with our choice.	
Sep 13 2009 	durrants more like disaster	Iam in london at the moment as my daughter is a patient in hospital here ,my husband came over for one night .i booked Durrants direct myself it cost 155.00 pounds for a double room and breckfast for both of us.When we arrived we were showen to our room by a bell boy who warned us about the lift door as it closes very quick and would take the leg off youThe room was very small the big bed took the whole space up.the bathroom is horrible with lino on the floor and really old grey tiles on the walls.We decided to go to the bar for a drink after nearly losing our shins in the door of the liftwe went into the tinyest bar i have ever seen it was just like a snug my husbad wanted a beer we were told sorry only wine and spirts.well off to bed we went at 10.30 pm.The beds had horrible wool blankets which made me itch every time i touched it.Also the floor above you could hear their floor boards creaking evertime the y moved about.We went down for our breckfast tables very close together.The waiter took our order and what really drives me mad is when they give you your tea and toast and your fry doesent come for 10 minutes after.you get one big sausage it was the most discusting thing i ever tasted it smelt like mould.you cant beat an irish sausage.Over all i would class this hotel as guest house in Ireland it wouldent even get a 2 star.It is way over priced people may say its quant i just think it is old and fussy someone told me it has had a make over i really cant see where.	
Aug 18 2009 	wonderful stay	we stayed at the hotel for my husbands 40th. Having read such good reviews and the central location of the hotel, we decided this would be ideal for us. I cannot fault the service and the attitude of the staff. They phoned before hand to check when we were coming so that they could have the champagne that I had ordered ready and waiting. The attention to detail was refreshing and I would highly recommend anyone wishing for a hotel with character and charm and individuality. My husband liked it so much he stayed there on business a short while later.	
Jul 18 2009	Truly English hotel	I love this hotel. It's built in an 18th century house with a double stair case. It has a magnificent bar with wood pannelling and a comfortable breakfast room/restaurant with white table clothes and beautiful heavy silver plated cutlery and proper toast racks. Breakfast is wonderful and is served directly at your table (no buffet). You can have stewed prunes, porridge, a really astringent yoghurt and muesli, fresh juices and of course the full English. The rooms (I've stayed there twice) are extremely cosy and old fashioned with comfortable beds and soft pillows. The linen includes cotton face clothes which are changed daily which is a nice touch. They also have a lounge area with comfortable tub chairs where you can get a beautiful afternoon tea presented in a proper pot with scones and clotted cream. They do the most wonderful old fashioned sandwiches. You can get beef sandwiches made with real roast beef and chicken as opposed to the awful plastic variety you tend to get elsewhere. If you were tired in the evening, they have a restaurant serving meals from 6pm onwards. I've never eaten there but the menu looks good and there were some lovely smells emanating from the dining room. On the occasions I stayed there it was full of the most wonderful English people you only read about in books. I once heard the most amazing conversation between an English World War Two veteran in a wheel chair with the most beautiful plummy accent and a young German girl tending the reception. It was surreal to hear the two of them talk about the war with him saying 'Oh well it is forgiven and forgotten now' and her saying 'oh no, not forgotten'.On the last occasion I was there standards had slipped slightly; the pleasant German girl was no longer on reception and it was manned with a rather unpleasant girl and our room had to be changed because the heating no longer worked but all in all these were relatively small issues and as a treat this is a hotel I would recommend to a friend. Note also that it is very near to Oxford and Bond Street and Marleybone High Street which is full of great restaurants little boutiques.	
Jul 11 2009 	'HANDS ON' SERVICE in a tasteful and traditional setting.	I spent two weeks in Durrants in early June, recovering after an op before travelling on. The staff looked after me very well and made me feel very at home. They were professional, discreet and caring. You could see that so much 'behind the scenes' care had been taken with the furnishings, decor, ambiance and attention to service. It was so refreshing by comparison with the philosphy in hotels these days for overly minimalist and not necessarily comfy surroundings. Beds were noteworthy.The location was central but quiet, and edged on Marylebone High Street which is a community hub of its own.; plus, Durrants is within comfortable walking distance of great shopping at M&amp;S flagship store, Marble Arch, and Selfridges.I would use Durrants again.	
Jul 1 2009 	An excellent hotel in a fantastic area	Durrants is great hotel, family owned and it shows. We have stayed a number of times and the second occasion all the staff recognised us by name. They also remembered our room preferences and had organised everything. It is a true London hotel with morning tea brought with the papers and freshly cooked breakfast in the restaurant served at your table, which means a really relaxing start to the day. In the heart of Marylebone, and only a short walk to numerous art , music and shopping opportunities it is a really excellent hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	The toast at breakfast was mouldy !!!	Durrant should be lovely. Good location, handy, quaint. It wasn't. My toast at breakfast had actual mould growing on it. When I reported it they said &quot;oh, sorry&quot;. No action, no appalled horror, nothing. Breakfast was generally not great, but then the sight of mouldy bread on your table does put you off. We had to change room because our room had no air con and the windows had been painted shut, it was roasting. That was 110 - avoid it. I had a Baileys in the pub (George's) and it was £8.95 ! I could get a bottle for that. Generally, the rooms were tatty and the bathroom, for a £250 rack rate, was very poor with nasty, limited, toiletries.I did report the mouldy toast again as we left and got another short apology followed by &quot;I will mention that to someone&quot;. I hope so, I hope they throw bread out before it gets mouldy if you're going to stay.	
Feb 16 2009 	So typically British !	I stayed there one night with my wife and we loved the British atmosphere of this hotel. Yes the decoration can appear a little old, but you really feel like at home there. The staff is very kind. The restaurant is really good. The breakfast is a must. The room was very comfortable. The location is perfect, just near Marylebone and Baker Street. I've tried many different hotels in London and this one is really one of the most charming.If you go there, don't miss visiting the Wallace Collection, just acroos the road.	
Dec 11 2008 	Could be sooooooo much better....	I really want to like Durrants. I'm a fan. But a fan who's hooked by what it could be rather than what it is. Durrants is one of the few elegant, family-owned hotels left in London. It has a lovely, warming cosiness to it. The staff are polite and courteous, and very professional. But this time around, here's what I didn't like:1) Just tooooo squeaky. The floor above (I think it was above) squeaked and creaked from 6am onwards. And I mean REALLY creaked. Did they mike it up to an amplifier? No chance at all of getting back to sleep. That was room 103. Avoid it.2) Asked for tea at breakfast. Didn't get any. Asked again. Told &quot;it's on it's way&quot;. Finished breakfast by now but asked again. Tea arrived.3) The water in the bathroom sink wouldn't drain out. 4) The shower wasn't a shower it was a hosepipe sticking out of the wall. Uncomfortable. But invigorating in a sado-masochistic kind of way. 5) The single rooms are so small they're like cells. Why do they have to be so miserable? But, and it's a big but, this could a really great place. The food's good, the staff as I've said are great, the ambience is spot on (for my taste). All it needs is to be totally renovated so the floors don't creak and the plumbing works and you've got a top notch hotel. Easy.	
Nov 14 2008 	Classical and next to shopping	Plusses: - right next to Oxford and Regent street. Very convinient if you are here for shopping- spacious rooms (at least the one I stayed at - 103). Even had a small separate room for wardrobe. - some people mentioned that the hotel needs renovation. I did not see any major issues. May be there was something but it only added to the charm. - nice area around the hotel. We have almost never went to the same place to eat and the experience was mostly very positive. - normal european sink with one faucetMinuses- the overall style of the place was a bit too classical for me. It was nice, just not my style.- no wifi in the rooms- internet costs 10 pounds per day. I thought that's evil, but then I discovered prices in some other locations and realised it's competitive. Competitive, but expensive. - a bit squeeky celing - you hear people walking on the floor above you. Was not too much trouble, but can be an issue it you want to sleep late- the tv is small- I might be mistaken, but the breakfast was something like 18 pounds. I might be mistaken as I ws having breakfast outside only, there are enough places around- didn't have a minibarOverall my stay was very positive. I can not say I fell in love with the hotel, but the rooms were big, staff was helpfull, price was right, location convinient. The plusses outweight the minor issues that I have called here &quot;minuses&quot;.For the next trip I will try to find something else but I'm not sure I will be able to. I have done quite an extensive study previously and this was the best price / location combination for it's segement.	
Nov 14 2008	Durrants has become even better	Its about a year since I last wrote a glowing review for Durrants Hotel. I stayed there again this week (12 November 2008) and its now even better than before. The refurbishments that have been carried out make a huge difference to guest comfort. There is a new and beautifully furnished lounge, staffed till the small hours, and the restaurant/breakfast room has been relocated and redesigned to create a very comfortable environment for guests at all times. Although I haven't used them, there are in addition very attractive rooms for meetings or parties. Plus a new bar area overlooking the courtyard at the back. The changes ensure an even more welcoming and cosy atmosphere for guests, with no loss of the old charm. Add to this the excellent service, the warmth, and the convenience of the central London location, and you'll see why people keep coming back again and again.Nancy Armstrong	
Oct 26 2008 	Business Trip Stay	For my first business trip to London, this was all I could hope for. I arrived much too early for check-in and instead of checking my luggage with the porter, I was given a room immediately. The staff exhibited &quot;old world&quot; courtesy and graciousness and my comfort seemed to be a priority.My room was small but well appointed, the internet connection was strong and pretty reliable and the staff, again, was very responsive.Breakfast was a bit overpriced for the not very strong coffee, but the hotel is very convenient to Marylebone road and other local coffee shops and restaurants, so there was a lot from which to choose.In all, a lovely stay for the business traveller.	
Oct 26 2008 	What a lovely place to stay	I booked this at the very last minute, having always thought it looked nice from the outside, but had no expectations at all.It was a very pleasant surprise: a well appointed, friendly and very charming hotel in a great location just off Marylebone High Street. Staff were helpful and sweet, the Georgian buidling fascinating, and the cost pretty good for central London. The room had everything I needed and a nice bathroom. It might strike some as all a bit old-fashioned, but if you're as sick as I am of dated designer chic and cool staff, Durrants is perfect.Only downside was the level of traffic noise outside, but if this is likely to be a problem, a room at the back of the hotel would be away from the road and very quiet.	
Jul 13 2008 	Old World Charm?	We stayed at Durrants for a Friday and Saturday last month. Booked a basic double room (£150ish)at the last minute via the hotel's website.  Pleasant staff, very helpful and polite. Clean, well furnished room, a bit small but not too disastrous, modern bathroom with all the usual soaps, shampoos, etc. The furniture and decoration may look back to the days of the British Empire but it's not tatty and everything seems well cared for.We were on the third floor which was quiet and, combined with a comfortable bed, allowed us to get a good nights sleep.Didn't feel like having a breakfast at £10 each for a continental or £15 each for a full English so can't comment on the quality of food.  It's a hotel that appears to cultivate the 'old world' atmosphere and is slightly different from the usual run of the mill hotel chains. Convenient for the West End, the underground and local shops.	
May 6 2008 	There will be an empire as long as there is Durrants	I am a repeat guest of this hotel and can't imagine staying anywhere else. For a mid-price hotel, based on its location, the quality of the porters (who are immensely helpful), the historic nature of the hotel, the cleanliness of the rooms, the wonderful bar and hushed elegance of the restaurant, well, I'm not certain what else one could expect. One person's &quot;dated&quot; is another's &quot;traditional and reliable.&quot; Mind there is no &quot;action&quot; here by the pool or nightclub and you won't see throngs of tourists unloading from buses. No coupons for free breakfasts, either. Rather, it is the most English of hotels, independently owned, and priced well below its stratospheric equivalents (Connaught, et al). Ask if you might be the type of person who can appreciate eating a fortifying English breakfast off Durrants silver, starched linen, and china with the hotel crest. It is located within walking distance of two Tube Stations in the lovely and enriching Marylebone area, near shopping on Thayer Street. I find the price to be more than reasonable and manage quite easily whenever I'm there. In the event of an emergency, I might just move in permanently to sip champagne till the end comes.	
Feb 7 2008 	£200 a night- I would not bother	Booked hotel for new years eve. If you want to go London on new years eve- be prepared to be stampled on! But a great experience.Although the hotel seems promising from the outside- unless you have a suite the hotel is nothing more than a travelodge.We are not the poshest and sophisticated people in the world and felt that we were looked atby the staff down their noses.The hotel food-drinks- etc are over priced.The rooms are not 4* quality.I have stayed in nicer 3*.They were small, pokey and had no view.The staff were forign and has fairly bad english.If I were to spend £200 a night on a hotel I would never stay here again!!!!Not good value- and not the value you would have expected for the price!!!!	
Jan 6 2008 	Happy Stay at Durrants	I spent four happy nights at Durrants in mid-November.I liked the location, warm and comfortable interiors, and friendly and helpful staff -- and I was happy to get the quiet room I requested. As someone who likes to read and sometimes work in bed, I particularly liked the plentiful lighting in my room -- in addition to the lamps on the two bedside tables, there were large lamps on the desk and a chest of drawers, as well as a charming old hanging fixture in brushed gold. (I don't do well in some trendy hotels where the guestrooms are as dimly lit as the hotel bar downstairs.) The bath and closet area had modern recessed lighting.My room had nice antique/old furniture, quality fabrics, linens and wallpaper, charming old prints, and was in excellent condition and perfectly maintained by the housekeeping staff. There was also nightly turndown service. I was surprised to see reviews here by people who stayed at the hotel at about the same time I did and described it as &quot;worn out&quot; and &quot;in need of a face lift.&quot; But I suppose it's a matter of taste, and to some the words &quot;antique&quot; and &quot;old&quot; may be synonymous with &quot;worn out&quot; and &quot;in need of a face lift.&quot;I especially recommend this hotel to people who like traditional, characterful, independently owned British/European hotels. After the recent demise of both Topham's and the Basil Street Hotel, it was heartening to find this hotel still in business and in good form.I don't think I would recommend this hotel to people who like big modern American-style hotels. Nor would I recommend it to those for whom the latest in American business amenities is important -- for them I might recommend nearby hotels like the Churchill, in Portman Square, which has recently become a Hyatt Regency, or the SAS Radisson, across the street from the Churchill. However, Durrants does seem popular with UK/European business people during the week.I recommend booking Durrants through the Durrants website -- which offers both last-minute deals and package deals. I paid the rack rate one night and got a weekend package the other three nights. The average nightly rate was about US $350, which included both VAT and English breakfast. (I live in New York City and can't imagine getting comparable accommodation here during the busy autumn season for that price.) Everything I saw on Expedia and similar sites was more expensive. The Durrants website also has details on the different types of guestrooms.	
Nov 29 2007	Awesome location	We found Durrants through Tripadvisor. After a crazy tube ride to the hotel, my first impressions of the hotel was that it was a bit dated. We weren't able to check in right away so we went off to walk around and eat lunch. The area the hotel is located in is fantastic. It's located in Marylebone and it has great restaurants, boutique convenience stores, shopping all in a quaint setting. When we got into our room, my first impressions again were the room was a bit dated. The overall ambience of the room could have stood for a makeover including some painting! That said, we stayed here for 6 nights and I came to really appreciated the boutique feel of the hotel, it's authenticity, and that it was away from the fray but close enough to tubes and all the west end activities. At first arrival I thought about changing hotels, but both my wife and I would absolutely recommend the hotel and would stay there again. If you want a more Americanized type experience, this is not the place. If you like the european boutique feel with appropriate decor, then this is exactly what you get. The price was a good value considering our exchange rate, and the hotel really grew on me for it's charm! Absolutely recommend this hotel!	
Nov 18 2007 	It fits a need	Lets face it, you stay here because of the price. And for the price - less than half of a nice hotel - it is pretty good. About the quality of a Holiday Inn Express or Courtyard except very old and &quot;charming&quot;. It is more than a bit run down at the ears - an aging [make that aged] dowager that certainly needs its face lift. It is small and no air in some rooms. Not bad in the winter but not good in the summer. I am here on business and just needed a place to stay that would not break the bank. This place fits the bill. Would not stay on vacation or if I needed more. The breakfast is over priced even for London. Go down the street a block and pay five pounds for the same thing. The staff is all young and East Europe and they really try to be helpful but sometimes they just don't have a clue. I would be back if the dollar stays two to the pound. Some will like the old English feel and be pleased but it just doesn't appeal to me. The antique furniture is small and difficult to work at.	
Nov 3 2007 	There are better places in the neighborhood	This is an out dated, once charming and mostly over priced hotel in comparison to what is in the neighborhood. The rooms, carpets, wallpaper and furnishings are tired and worn out, deserving of a muchneeded update. Plumbing problems and miscellaneous room up charges (overpriced continental breakfast and $20 perday internet access) abound, totalling over $400 for 2 rooms for five days!. They claim that they are quintessentially English in style combining comfort,charm and a welcoming experiences. I say if stuffy and stale are yourcup of tea, you'll be at home here. Not recommended and I don't recommend Expedia as they were unable to resolve a single issue I hadwith my accomodations.	
Jul 12 2007 	Nostalgic Hotel with Perfect Location	I have stayed both in economy single and double rooms in this hotel. There is a significant difference in terms of furnishing, equipment, bathroom and space. In double rooms everything is modernized. Economy room is so small. You can't spend time other than directly go to sleep. This is something to be expected for old British hotels. But you can spend time in lobby, cafe, reading room and restaurant. The location is perfect, 10 min walking distance to Bond St. tube station. 5 min walking distance to plenty of cafes, and quality restaurants. Staff is friendly, helpful and polite. I would definitely choose this place again.	
Jul 9 2007	Quirky/Great Location	Such a pretty hotel tucked away behind Oxford Street but close to the pleasant 'Marylebone Village' shopping area. Hotel common areas are delightful, cosy little sitting rooms and a bar. Reception staff friendly, genuine and helpful. Twin bedded room was quite small but had attractive view of typical mews street. Breakfast was marred by a loud mouth at the next table and the fact that we had to ask for toast 4 times. However on the whole a very nice stay at a reasonable price for the location.	
May 16 2007 	An absolute gem but ...... !!	Other reviewers have probably already used up all the superlatives to describe this hotel - so why does it rate so highly with everyone? I'll try to answer that question!Location - absolutely perfect. Just off Baker Street and a short stroll to Oxford Street and beyond.Service - good old fashioned service from people who make you believe that they genuinely care for their hotel.Staff - helpful, chatty, delightful people.Food - breakfast and dinner both first rate.Room - now this is the &quot;but&quot;! The room that we were allocated was very small, hot and stuffy. (Indeed it was not possible to put the suitcase on the floor and open it.) A second room offered was cooler but would have been noisy with the windows open. Third time lucky, a larger room with air conditioning - absolutely essential if you are staying, as we did, for a few days during a mini heatwave.Yes - this hotel is an absolute gem and reminds me how British hotels used to be before the finance wizards ripped out their hearts.Highly recommended.	
Jan 23 2007 	My favorite London hotel	I visit London annually and have stayed many times at Durrants. Having tried some of the posher (and much pricier) hotels recently, I returned to Durrants again this month for a week's stay. Durrants is a little like a country house hotel in the city: very English fittings, narrow hallways, creaky floors (in places) and blessed quiet! The service is efficient and friendly, the beds and sheets are first rate and the neighboring Marylebone &quot;village&quot; is a great area for walking and eating.	
Jan 5 2007 	Charming English Hotel Perfect Location Helpful Concierge	We stayed at this hotel for nine days and loved it. An English friend had recommended it telling us it was good value and a very convenient location. He was right. It's very charming and very English. The atmosphere is very warm. There are a lot of old style English portraits, warm lighting and antiques.My husband and I stayed in room 325 and our kids were next door in 328 which has two singles. Both rooms were very nice and quiet. Plenty of drawer and closet space. My kids came to refer to the hotel as home after a few days. The concierge, Ruben, is extremely helpful and I recommend asking him for advice. I e-mailed in advance and found that he had prepared two pages of suggestions of where we might eat close to the plays we had booked. He had good recommendations for how to get to Oxford etc. It's nice to have that kind of warm, personal touch in a hotel and it makes all the difference when you're in an unfamiliar city. I loved the fact there was a cozy room to sit and have tea. The breakfast is extremely good but like everything else in London feels expensive given the 14 year low point of the dollar. The internet worked in our kids room but not in ours. We wound up using wireless internet on the corner at Coffee Republic which was inexpenisve.All in all though, this is a GREAT hotel. We loved it. I'm going to attempt some pictures....	
Jul 15 2006	Delightful Durrants	Our daughter had been studying and traveling in Italy for the summer. She had lived in a sparse, cramped and no a/c apartment along with staying in hostels while traveling, so I spent days searching for a nice but not too expensive hotel to surprise her with for her last night in London before returning home. I came across the Durrants Hotel and got everything I had hoped for. We communicated through email and phone calls-I always got prompt responses and professional service to all my enquiries. I was searching for a lovely hotel filled with antiques and historic charm located in a very nice area of London. I requested a double bed and a/c which she got. The room was a nice size, decorated with lovely furniture and with a very nice bathroom. The staff was very courteous, helpful and genuinely concerned with her satisfaction (and mine). The hotel had tons of personality and charm. We highly recommend Durrants.	
Mar 17 2006	Top notch location very attentive staff great breakfast	Durrants is far enough from the crowds and hustle of Oxford Street but only 5-10 minutes walk away from the Bond Street tube station. It's on a quiet street next to the wonderful Marylebone village strip containing excellent cafes, restaurants, and shops. Except for one night, we ate all our dinners there. Fairuz for Lebanese, Orrery for inventive French (Conran flagship restaurant) and The Golden Hind for the best fish and chips with mushy peas. The staff was extremely helpful in helping us relocate to another room of our liking. The first room was right next to the elevator shaft and one could hear the mechanism whenever it was being used. Concierge service was very friendly and efficient. Breakfast was served in a delightful room with comfy leather chairs, crisp white linens and a good continental (or English) breakfast.	
Oct 29 2004	Great location atmospheric	Durrants has been an hotel for over 200 years: so don't expect it to be like a Holiday Inn.Its location is unbeatable - round the corner from the fashionable Marylebone High Street, and a few minutes' walk from Oxford Street to the south, and Regents Park to the North. Given how central it is, the prices are very reasonable.The rooms are not that big, but are very comfortable &amp; nicely decorated. The staff were very welcoming and sweet, and for once when I was asked if I had had a nice stay, I felt as though the receptionist was genuinely concerned that I had.Durrants makes a great change from the anonymous business hotels in London. I will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 22 2004	Very Quaint	I was looking for a unique hotel for my first visit to London - I found it at Durrants. It is a very charming, old hotel with great decor. I felt like I went back in time staying there. The staff was superb - they were very informative and helpful. Great location - can walk to Oxford St and Wallace Collection. The rooms are small, so if you plan on spending a lot of time in your room- beware. If you are looking for a change from large chain hotels, try Durrants. Check out their website for pictures.	
Dec 1 2003	Not for Families with Young Kids	The room was adequately sized for a family of 4 but very plain. All the charm was in the restauraunt, lounge, etc.The creaky floors make this a poor choice for families with kids that do sit quietly in their beds or chairs (18 months - 3 1/2 years were ours). We had one (justfied) complaint after one of our kids fell out of a chair. My gripe is that I specifically contacted the hotel through e-mail to make sure the place was very kid friendly. They said it was, but after my stay I disagree.Service wasrestauraunt - excellent concierge - good front desk - marginalFor the price, we were disappointed and will look elsewhere.	
Oct 15 2003	old fashioned charm	Elegant gem, in Marylebone, close to Oxford Street. Not for everyone, as not up to speed with new technology, and bathrooms a little too traditional. But oodles of charm and wonderful staff of old faithfuls and young trainees. Family owned. A wood panelled restaurant with gleaming silver and attentive service. Good breakfasts. Lots of cafes and restaurants nearby. The glorious Wallace Collection, home to the best French art, is right opposite.	
