Jul 6 2009 	Good value for money clean 	Our room was on the 3rd floor. Very large room but had tiny bathroom. Room was clean, comfortable spacious and we had a fan, flatscreen tv and hairdryer. Hairdryer was too small and on a short cord.(minor annoyance) Location of hotel was brill as we wanted to be near Wembley and this was only 5 mins away. Breakfast was continental which was ok but would of preferred an option of cooked as well.The only improvement this hotel could make to encourage me to stay again would be to take more notice of the customer and give some good customer service. (All staff my friend and i encountered were more interested in talking to each other.) Oh yeah and give us a larger bathroom!	
Jan 24 2009 	Excellent for the Price	Very comfortable, nice and clean. The rooms are very spacious comparable to other boutique hotel rooms in central london. Staff is very kind and friendly. Free WiFi and delicious continental breakfast included. This was indeed my 2nd time staying there because I thoroughly enjoyed this bed and breakfast. There are plenty of restaurants, store and eateries near the hotel and the Kingsbury Tube station is just a block a way. Kingsbury is just about a 25 minute tube ride to central London but, it's certain worth it for the location, price and ammenities. I highly recommended this hotel to anyone looking for comfort at a off-brand (non-5 star) hotel. I will certainly make this hotel a regular part of my stay when I visit London.	
Mar 22 2008 	Bit of hidden gem for Wembly Arena 	I needed a hotel near Wembly Arena, at a few days notice, for a group of six - a family of 5 and myself.Our options of the hotels in walking distance of the Arena, that still had rooms, would have cost from £360 to £450 for our one night stay. We paid a total of £160 for two triple rooms at the Kingsland which already seemed like a far better deal with a total saving of £200 to £290, especially as a continental breakfast is included - not the case with the Premier Inn/Ibis type hotels.The Kingsland is a few mins walk from Kingsbury tube which is only one stop from Wembly Park - perfect for the Arena and Stadium. The hotel has a safe car park which will save you the £15 or so it would cost to park a car at the venue. The hotel is light, bright and clean and the staff seem pleasant enough. We arrived to check in at around 2am and the night porter was waiting at the door to let us in as he must have seen us pull up in the car park. The reception is staffed 24 hrs a day.We had rooms 301 and 304 - both triples with 3 single beds in each, on the 3rd floor. 301 was slightly bigger and would have taken the spare folding bed that seemed to be available if you don't mind a bit of a squish.The lift goes up to the second floor and there are a couple of ground floor rooms too, useful for anyone with mobility issues.Each room had an ensuite shower room (with loo and basin) which was *teeny* but for a one night hardly a bother. Towels, soap, shower gel, shampoo and plenty of loo rolls available. The shower was regular UK size and the water was hot. There was also a kettle, tea and coffee in the room plus a TV.The continental breakfast was more generous than I was expecting for the price of the room - tea, coffee, orange juice, cereals and muesli, fruit, yoghurt, toast, croissants and pain au chocolat, jam, honey, spreads, cheese and a jar of biscuits! OK so some of it was the long life variety, rather than fresh, but it was all still fine and set you up for the day or journey home. There are local shops and amenities around the tube (Jubilee Line). If you're on a budget, and don't mind the tube journey each day, the Jubilee line takes you into central London and near to most places a tourist might want to get too and would be a better option that a cheaper hotel in central London in my opinion.When it comes to the budget end of accommodation the Kingsland Hotel has a lot going for it. I'd cetainly go back if I was looking to stay near Wembly Stadium or Arena. The last train goes from Wembly Park to Kingsbury around 1am so you can easily get back to the hotel on public transport.	
Mar 1 2008	Good clean rooms	Took a family room for a couple of days last April. I found the hotel and room very clean, staff were helpful and friendly, breakfast was acceptable. Shops and eating places are just in front of the hotel. Its good value for the rates charged.The journey to the city centre may take some time as mentioned in earlier posting but as we were on a vacation, it was ok.i will certainly return to this hotel	
Jul 4 2007 	Very clean hotel with basic fasilities	First of all - I loved this hotel. Me and my wife came as a tourists to explore the London. We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights (22-27/june). As we were planning to leaving the hotel at morning and coming back at evening, we had a very specific requirements to the hotel we were looking for. It should be clean, easy to reach, good rating and a considerable price. And that what I've found at this hotel:1) Very clean! Our room was made every day.2) 200-300m from the tube station!3) A large and comfortable double bed.4) I didn't happened to interract with the staff too much, but my impression is positive.5) Considerable price.A little about cons:1) Our room was facing the street and it was rather noisy because of trafic.2) It's rather distant from the city center. it takes about 30-40 min. to get there by tube. (Including walking to the station)3) Simple breakfast: yogurts, some fruites, cornflakes...That's it. Simple, very clean hotel without extra amenities, but provides enoughfor its price.	
Jan 9 2007	good location	Good location,very clean. Clean towels and beds each morning. Good choice of breakfast. Good choice of shops and restaurants nearby. Although we booked four single beds in a room - one was pull-out which we weren't warned about. We returned from the City at 1.30\am - it took about twenty minutes for someone to answer the door. The duty officer apparantly fell asleep. Recepton staff not courteous. Overall very good and yes, we will use the hotel again.We will also recommend to others.	
