	Very Clean room helpful staff -shame about the breakfast	Paid 69 pounds for single room with ensuite which is good value for central London. Very near museums. Everything very clean and plenty tea and coffee in room..Stayed 2 nights and bed linen was changed on second day. very quiet position and no traffic noise.Staff very friendly.Very disappointed with breakfast : website makes big feature of &quot;Organic breakfast&quot;- home baked muffins and home made granola....all that was on offer was cereal and toast and weak tasteless coffee.Either the hotel is under new management or else owners are having to make economies in which case they should remove misleading description of breakfast on the website.	
Nov 12 2009 	Another Great Stay	My second time in a year staying at the Abcone and again had a great stay. Let me keep my bags there as my room wasn't ready. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff very friendly and the location is awesome. I will stay again next year as I pass through London.	
Oct 14 2009 	Used this hotel 4 times	I have used this hotel 4 times, its clean, quiet, the staff are helpful, it was my husbands birthday, the staff left a box of chocolates and a birthday card in the room for him, very thoughtful.The hotel is near Gloucester Road underground, museums, supermarkets, restaurants and Hyde Park.If you are British, I would recommend this hotel, Americans are used to a higher standard so bear this in mind.	
Jul 29 2009 	No sense of hospitality would not recommend	I arrived at the Abcone with high expectations. I expected a very sweet place, but instead found it to be a typical shabby London hotel where there is no sense of customer service. First I was told the room was 20A but it was not even written down, and due to the accent I thought he said, &quot;28&quot; so I went and tried someone else's room! And this was on the third floor! I then returned and got the right room number but my room card did not work. Again up the stairs. I then asked for wireless and was told it was down. I also asked for an iron. I mean, this is supposed to cater for business guests, right? No iron in sight, and finally by 10pm I told them to forget about it; just as well as he had not managed to locate an iron. The room (single) was dark and very basic. If you expect any amenities this is not for you.Shower pressure low. The real surprise was the breakfast; it lists 'organic breakfast' on the website. Do you consider Kellogs packaged muesli as organic... no fresh fruit, no yogurt, we are talking BASIC. The wait staff walked around looking like slobs, wearing sweat suits and no one bothered to come around for tea as I sat for 10 minutes. I decided to leave knowing I'd find something much better elsewhere. Thankfully I left and found a local cafe, thereby forfeiting the included &quot;Organic breakfast&quot; - after getting a glimpse of the scene I did not trust what would come out of that kitchen. The sense of apathy was very high. This is not a place that seems to care about serving or hospitality. Why run a hotel if that is the case? I was very disappointed and would advise not to stay here, unless you really have no expectations and just want a super basic place to sleep.	
Jun 17 2009 	Ok place to stay	We stayed for one week in this little peaceful place. The room was big enough for us three, facing a small interior and absolutely no noise from the street. Quite clean exept the spotted carpet and some mold in the bathroom walls. On cloudy weather the room was a bit damp and cold, but got soon warm when the sun shined. The beds were okay and sheets were changed almost every day,and the towels every day. There was always hot water but not cold water in the evenings so we picked some drinking water from the near shop.The breakfast was quite ligh: cereals, toast, cheese and marmelade, orangejuice, milk and coffee. But on the street when walking to the tube there were many places offering food. And an exellent Waitrose-market open from 8 am to 9 pm! The situation was one reason we chose this hotell, a short walk to three tubelines, to many museums and even to Harrods and other big shops. This was very useful during the tubestrike. And silence was important for us too, a good nights sleep made it possible to run all days around the town.The staff was okay and provided everything we asked, but some of them had difficulties in understanding english, for example when asked an extra blanket and sheet we got just two sheets and no blanket at first.	
May 31 2009 	Very easy access to public transit	I booked the Abcone for it's proximity to the Gloucester Road Tube Station which is 2 blocks away. The hotel it self was clean and quiet. The single rooms are little small but adequate. There is a free minibar which was a nice touch. There is plenty of restaurants and pubs around the tube station. The breakfast was okay and is served in the basement. I would skip the internet which is expensive and go to the internet cafe on Cromwell. Just make a left out of the hotel, at the corner cross the street, turn left on Cromwell and it's a few doors down. Less than 1 pound an hour. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay in Central London.	
May 14 2009 	Awful would never stay again or recommend	Having seen some of the negative reviews of this hotel on trip advisor before booking I was a little put off but have experienced this before and some of the other places I have stayed in have turned out to be very nice. Unfortunately this was not the case here. Me and my partner booked a double room for one night. We arrived at the hotel at around 1.15pm and were told to come back at 2pm as that was check in time (despite the hotel being empty). When we came back we were booked in and went to find our room - a twin room. Having paid three pounds short of £100 we went back to the reception and explained we had paid for a double - receptionist was very rude and seemed agitated about changing our room to what we had paid for. Finally got a double but the room itself was disgusting and below basic standards. Stains all over the carpet, we did not have a double bed just 2 singles pushed together the bathroom smelt of sewerage and the sheet on top of the bed looked like it had seen better days. When we later came back from the theatre the hot water wasn't working we had to let it run for 20 minutes only to have luke warm water. In the night the mini-fridge in our room was buzzing so loudly we had to turn it off (after only a few hours sleep because of this I woke up the next day with awful back pain because of how uncomfortable the bed is). When we woke up my partner said he had heard a mouse in the night, which given the state of the place doesn't surprise me. Needless to say we didn't have breakfast there. Overall the 'hotel' was a real let down - yes in London you need to pay hundreds to stay somewhere acceptable but come on there should be basic health and hygiene standards. Good location as so close to the tube but there are other hotels near by that offer better accommodation for the same price- thank god we were only there a night. PAY ATTENTION TO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS THEY ARE GENUINE!!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Good Hotel and Great Position	For London standard this hotel is very good especially because of its great position close to a tube station (Gloucester Road), in an excellent district as South Kensington. Rooms and bathrooms are not very roomy but clean and comfortable, always with kettle and coffee/tea supply. Receptionists and breakfast buffet are on average.	
Feb 23 2009 	Do not stay here!	Dodgy has hell! Stayed one night with a colleague last week. Though I got a bargin - £59 for a Delux Double with breakfast booked through the hotels own website. If the trip was any longer than an overnighter, we would have booking into the Holiday Inn across the road.I had enamel taps that were painted white with gloss, blood stains (and not small drops - pools) on the carpet, I had to get drunk to brave getting into bed. No hot water either from taps or shower, not good as I had a v.important meeting the next day	
Feb 17 2009	1st I book my flight then I call The Abcone	I have traveled from NY to London over a dozen times since 1987, all of them for pleasure. My first trip I stayed across the street at what was then called the London Forum Hotel through a BA offer. A very nice, but typical 27 story hotel. Knowing that I would be back in London again, I scouted the area for the more 'affordable' and 'quaint' hotel. Spotting The Abcone I noted the address and phone number.Sure enough I had to return to London and I contacted The Abcone to inquire about their hotel, accommodations and rates. Satisfied with my decision I then booked my stay.Now, everyone knows a family run 40 room hotel will not decoratively compare with a 400 room incorporated hotel chain nor compete with its ‘luxuries’. But I felt I had found a home away from home feeling I prefer. I was a name not a room number so to speak. The staff and owner were always there on hand. My room was spacious enough for my travel companion and me. The ensuite bathroom was just fine and there was enough space and hot water. Though this is not a modern interior everything was clean, in good condition and in its place. I don’t eat a big breakfast, but do enjoy morning coffee; juice and roll or toast and I chose that over something heavier. There are a few places within a 3-5 min walk to experience how Londoners do a big breakfast.Being a heavy duty sightseer the hotel location was near perfect for me. An ideal base. With short 3/5 minute walk to the Gloucester Road Tube Station with 3 popular tube lines to choose from!! I could easily run back to the hotel to drop off things collected through the day, change clothes, or take a nap. There are plenty of places to dine and shop for essentials and late night snacks.The second time I stayed at the Abcone my brother lost his passport, a traveler’s biggest nightmare. Upon notifying the desk, Ali, the owner called to say he had instructed the staff to have a look for it, provided a photocopy he had taken of his passport, given us the address, phone number, directions to the US Embassy and offered to get us a cab. Over the years Mr. Ali, or his Uncle Rayani, was always there to say a hello. and accomodate guests.This is much of the reason I always stay at The Abcone when in London, and will continue to do so. John LaRockNYC, USA	
Jan 21 2009 	Don't be fooled	Having stayed at a few hotels over the years gives me the right to complain which I rarely do! This place, however, leaves me no choice. The price cannot justify it 100 pounds a night! No shower curtain, no wash cloth, no shampoo, tiny soap bar, 4 TV stations barely visible, twice woken up by fellow asking aboutany tea or coffee needs, green light shining into room from terrace,window open after cleaning regardless of cold temperature, no extrablanket, no radio, 2 tiny chairs to sit, the breakfast was near to being the biggest joketoast and cereal, OJ, slices of cheese all this for 100 pounds a nightI stayed 3 nights getting more irritated finally left went stayed at Hilton for 55 pounds night glorious breakfast and superb room.As long as we support these blatant ripoffs they will continue. Don'teven think about staying here (Abcone). This is no reflection on the staff whowere quite nice, its the owners who should know better or just don't care! Shop there are way better hotels for way better prices and don'trip you off so blatantly! Totally disgusted and its not &quot;Hey this is London!&quot; is no excuse for this rip!	
Dec 30 2008 	Tiny room but could be nice with some effort	We chose the place based on the description on the hotel website. They clearly had some good marketing people that chose the best aspects to highlight. It looks pleasant enough from the outside, part of a block of typical London town homes (I believe this hotel was originally two homes).Our room was on the second floor facing the back. There is a lift but it is very small, clearly an afterthought, and two people and luggage won't fit. We used it as a dumbwaiter for the bags and walked the stairs ourselves. Our room was probably once a bedroom when it was a private home, but the bathroom and the lift shaft were carved out of the original space so it was the size of a large bathroom, smaller than our stateroom on the ship we had just disembarked. There was just enough room to get in the door and circumnavigate the bed. The furniture was modern-ish and sensible and the bathroom, though quite small, was beautifully tiled (obviously added later) and sparkling clean. However, the carpet in the room itself and mattress pad were both grubby.The website calls the breakfast &quot;organic&quot; or &quot;gourmet&quot;, I forget which, and claimed it was included but that was a little ambiguous. Full English breakfast was optional/extra. The included breakfast was a adequate but spartan Continental setup. The space where it is served is very pleasant greenhouse-ish room on the basement level. Service is perfunctory at best.In summary, if you want someplace relatively inexpensive (for London, which is -- in general -- outrageously overpriced) in a convenient area (a block from the very pleasant Waitrose supermarket and tube station) this is a tolerable choice but don't expect what you see on the website unless they've done some cleaning and attitude adjustment.	
Oct 23 2008 	Pretty damn awful	Tiny room without even enough space to open my suitcase, awful shower with no water pressure, poor quality mattress and bedding, and TV was only a 14 inch.Then there was breakfast, ok there was cereal and milk, and they would even bring you toast, but the additions to this were jam or processed cheese slices.For the price I think they should invest more in the cleanliness of the hotel and quality of the rooms. There is NO excuse for poor showers and cheap mattresses, when you can stay at a Holiday Inn for the same money and get a consistently high service.Basically, if you want to feel like you're paying 100 pounds a night for a hostel room, go for it, otherwise, don't bother staying here until they sort it out.	
Oct 13 2008 	great hotel in london	Great hotel . Friendly stuff. More than you expect from a London Hotel.	
Oct 9 2008 	Good for a short stay	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night in a twin room. The room was clean and nice but quite small. The bathroom was nice and clean. Staff were friendly. There wasnt much room for suit cases in our room. It is a good place to stay if you can get a room for a decent price and if you are only staying a few days. If you are staying longer you may want a bigger room so you'd have more space, especially if 2 of you are sharing. It is in a great central location, near the tube, buses and taxi rank near by. I would stay here again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Lovely Little Hotel	We stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights August 2008. The location is fabulous and is definately the better side of London to stay - The 1st time we visited London we stayed near Aldgate East which was a real dodgy side of town however this hotel was in a really pretty &amp; quiet area and only a short trip to Harrods :-) The hotel is only a short stroll to Gloucester Road tube station , restaurants, cafes and supermarkets. The hotel was very clean and comfortable and the rooms were large and spacious. Staff were polite and kind and allowed us to store our luggage for the day after checkout. Next time we go to London we will definately stay at this hotel !	
Sep 17 2008 	Perfect Location	I stayed at the Abcone Hotel for 2 nights September 2008. The location is perfect being 1-1/2 blocks from Gloucester Road tube station but on a quite side street. Nearby were plenty of restaurants and a supermarket. I had a single ensuite room which was quite small but adequate with everything needed by the single traveller. When in London you don't spend much time in your hotel room! It was quiet, clean, secure with TV, tea/coffee making, mini bar and a fan. Continental breakfast was served in the basement and included in the tariff of 55 GBP booked online direct to hotel. I reckon I got a bargain. My flight out was at 10:15pm and the hotel happily stored my luggae for the day after I had checked out. In my opinion - the perfect hotel for single travellers of any age.	
Jun 5 2008	Pleasant stay	As a group leader of 13 Italian tourists, I stayed at the Abcone in June 2007; we were pleased with our stay. The location is perfect: just 3/4 mins' walk to Gloucester Road Tube Station, the area is very quiet. Rooms and bathrooms are clean.Breakfast a little bit poor and ... starts at 8:30am on Sundays! (had to leave withour having breakfast, which was a bit disappointing). On the whole, it is good value for money and I would recommend this Hotel. I will certainly stay there again next time.	
Apr 14 2008 	quite a relief!	I had been looking for a suitable hotel for a small group of ladies celebrating birthday weekends on a medium budget. Just after booking a couple of quite negative reviews appeared here and I was a bit worried! However, we had a great stay.Plus points: Rooms were all clean, and looked fairly recently furnished.Triples were large, Doubles more compact but still fine for a couple of nights.Soft drinks in minibar were £1 each, yes, more expensive than shops, but cheaper than most other london hotels I've stayed in!All our rooms had nice powerful showers, some over bath, some walk-in.We were able to store our luggage for several hours before and after our stay.The receptionist let us check into our rooms early (tho obviously this will just depend on if they have been vacated early and cleaned)Breakfast was available until 10:30 on Sunday, and was adequate for us (Juice/coffee/cereal and plenty toast).Only 200 yards from Tube and Taxi Rank.Several pubs/bars/cafes/supermarkets available in a 5 minute walk, and only 10 mins walk to the V&amp;A, Natural History and Science museums.Quiet side-street location rather than facing directly on the busy Cromwell/gloucester Rds.Room for Improvement:The water never seemed to run cold, which wasn't too pleasant for tooth brushing.The website mentioned a bar but, when we arrived there wasn't one. I thought it was my own mistake, but checking again it's still mentioned (although the main page with picture of it is gone). We were obviously a bit disappointed, but there was a large bar under the monsterous looking holiday inn next door and several shops so you could buy your own for late night consumption without feeling guilty!I think overall that it is of the same or higher standard to other london hotels of the same price - they are all expensive for what they are, but for anything cheaper you are probably going to book 6 months in advance, very last minute or stay in a youth hostel, all fine at times, but not always possible! Both myself and other members of the group agreed we'd be very happy to stay here again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	I knew this hotel from living next door in college. We decided to stay there since I was familiar with the area. It is right behind the Gloucester road tube station so you have immediate access to public transportation and can be anywhere in minutes. The hotel is small, clean, quiet and very accommodating. When My husband and I checked in, we realized that I had booked us in two twin beds. the hotel was very accommodating and changed our rooms for us. then, when we went to Normandy for the weekend, they let us store our bags there for a minimal charge rather than having to take them with us. For those who complain about small rooms, I think they have not traveled in Europe much. the rooms here were a bargain for the price! I would definitely go again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Do Not Go To This Hotel	In short, only go to this hotel if you like being made out to be a con artist and if you love being ripped off.If you are going to book the hotel, I advise you to book directly through them via their website.When I arrived they did not no I had made a booking through www.octopustravel.com It took over an hour for the receptionist to understand I had paid in advance after him swearing and being very uncooperative and rude. I had to pay £120 for 2 nights and when the manager was in I would get a refund!! Service in all was appalling, the rooms were basic, nothing special (which was fine) but the carpets are filthy. Windows broken and would not open.I was horrified when in my towel a man came bursting in the room asking if I wanted room service!When checking out I spoke to the manager about my concerns and he laughed it off not even apologising.All in all I would not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Mar 1 2008 	Wouldn't recommend...	How should one take a shower when the water is boiling hot and the thermostate broken and there's anyway no cold water at all?Maybe that this is a typical London Hotel illness,but this is not the free ticket for the Hotelliers not to do anything about it.The phone plug was broken,tv and hairdryer ok,as well as the furniture,but a dirty carpet could not convince me to like it,though the price was ok.Thin walls,not really a place to get some sleep.Be aware:no light on the nightstand,nor on the desk.	
Mar 1 2008 	Not Clean!!	We had originally booked to stay here for 2 nights but changed at the last minute to just 1...I'm glad we did! The room was an OK size but was a bit shabby. The carpet was stained and around the skirting boards and behind the bed clearly hadn't been vacuumed since, well, ever! There was also no hot water in the shower. I guess for the price though you can't really complain too much and the location was good	
Feb 18 2008	Great location poor cleanliness 	Loved the location 3 mins from Glochester tube station, it was also on Big Bus Tour route, the room was what I would expect for the price, though on arrival towels smelt (I suspect maybe room was dormant for a couple of days, towels were hung over an opened toilet bowl thou grand after that) and bed was made with clean sheets but with a old fashioned blanket, one bed had a cover which was swiftly taken off, no air conditioning (window opened) and got quite warm at night, a continental breakfast was included in our stay so when we asked for toast we did not expect to be charged for a English Breakfast at check, but they did take it off the bill. Information leaflets in the hotel were out of date, a whats on guide detailed Nov 07 activities and when we enquired about a bus tour we were presented with a leaflet so glad we had done our own research. It is in a beautiful area and for minimal changes this has the potential to be a little treasure.	
Feb 13 2008 	On a quiet street in a great location	The hotel is on a quiet side street in a residential area which gave it a restful feeling. But it is only 1 block to the Piccadilly Underground and shopping district.The room was on the small side and the bathroom on even the smaller side. But everything was very clean, and fresh-looking &amp; lots of hot water. The entire room was lit by a huge window that opened!Ideal room for a short stay. We skipped the hotel breakfast and walked around the corner to a neighborhood restaurant.	
Dec 8 2007 	Loved the hotel.	We stayed at this hotel for 67 pounds/night. It was extremely cheap, and the room was fantastic. It was rather spacious compared to other hotels in London. The bathroom in our room was beautiful and spotless. It looked like brandnew. The breakfast room had big windows, and very bright. There were not many negatives, but maybe the wall was a bit thin, because we could hear the next door. However, over all, it was a fantastic stay.	
Nov 18 2007 	Worst hotel in the World	Our stay was booked through laterooms this is the email I sent them the morning after our visit.It isn't often that I feel the need to complete a feedback form, and I cannot remember the last time I truly complained however, having just had my worst stay ever in a hotel anywhere in the world I feel the need to tell you about the Abcone Hotel, 10-11 Ashburn Gardens, London SW7 4DG. This is supposed to be a three star hotel so although I didn't expect anything really flashy I did expect a comfort and level of service worthy of a professional hotel.  I booked on Tuesday 03 October and we stayed last night.  The hotel boasts the following facilities amongst others: Satellite TV/ In-House Movies – If you try to watch anything other than the terrestrial channels it asks you to insert your Sky Card. Room service (24 hours) – However, I have no idea what room service was offering since there was no menu in our room, or mention of room service facilitiesWake Up Service – Only if you ask for it – it wasn’t offered.Health Club – No idea where this was – again nothing in the room to indicate where you were supposed to go.Hotel Parking – If you delve a bit deeper this is advertised as Private Parking - This is my main reason for complaint. As stated when I made my reservation we needed a late check in. So as it was Central London I deliberately opted for a hotel with parking. In fact, upon arrival we were told “there is free parking in the street outside until 8:30am. You can’t park in our car park it is closed!” I found this a bizarre situation and complained that the street outside was completely full and we needed to park, we had stated we would be late arriving – had nobody thought it a good idea to contact us and tell us the situation with parking. The aggressive, rude receptionist then told me that he would take me to the car park and arrange to get our car in – it would cost £30.00, at the Holiday Inn across the road! I had assumed that as the details on the website said that there was hotel parking, and didn’t note an additional charge that it was free onsite parking. He then went on in pigeon English to try to explain the concept of Inclusive versus Exclusive to me; which frankly by this time I was in no mood to hear and it bears no relevance to the circumstances. I am extremely angry that we were duped in this way – faced with Hobson’s choice; wait for a parking space outside and move early in the morning, pay £30.00 to park in another hotel’s car park or go elsewhere and forfeit £135.00 for a room you don’t use. We were lucky a parking space became free but it did mean we had to leave earlier than we needed to this morning. Breakfast - A continental breakfast was supposed to be served this morning; it consisted of small boxes of cereal and toast, little pots of jam and slices of processed cheese still in their individual plastic wrappers.  According to the website you can have “breakfast to go” but when you ask for it your toast is handed to you in a scrunched up serviette and you have to fill your pockets with the jam. No orange juice or water is given to you – just a handful of toast!  Hardly a three star menu or the superior service promised. There was a nice little balcony outside our window; used to house the green floodlights that lit the front of the building – and our room. I finally managed to drift off to sleep around 6:30am when they went off!  Without a shadow of a doubt we will remember our stay at the Abcone for many years to come. I hope this feedback is of some use to you.Although this review did appear on the Late Rooms website for a very short time it quickly disappeared!	
Nov 4 2007	Quite adequate	The Abcone Hotel is situated in Kensington, a nice area of London, close to Gloucester Rd tube station, a nice variety of eateries, supermarkets, Royal Albert Hall, Hyde Park and the Natural History, Science and V&amp;A museums,We had a double room which was nothing fancy but quite adequate for the time we spent there. The bathroom was clean though very small. The room was cleaned every day and fresh towels and tea/coffee delivered daily. There was a small fridge with drinks. We didn't partake so can't say how expensive they were.In the mild October we had, it was necessary to keep windows open during the day. It was okay to close them at night without overheating. As a light sleeper, I was relieved the hotel was located at the quiet end of the street away from noisy Cromwell Rd and that we were not bothered by noise in the hotel itself.The biggest disappointment was the &quot;organic&quot; breakfast. A small selection of cereals, processed sliced pan toasted and cheese slices in individual wrappers are hardly organic or even acceptable as a selection for breakfast. The serving staff were busy and rather sullen and annoyingly wearing high heels on wooden floors. One busy morning (about 14-18 people) we arrived for breakfast and while we found seats ok, we were told there were no cups or cutlery left! We were left to scavenge some unused ourselves from uncleared tables. Cooked breakfasts were available for an extra charge.When we visited much of the paintwork in our room was chipped and the TV had a fault which meant it switched off then on again every five minutes or so. The reception staff weren't terribly friendly. On some websites, I notice it says you can check in here at 11am. We tried to but were told it would be 2pm at least..We were able to leave our bags though before check-in and also after check-out which was good. We tend to magnify the bits that annoy us but, on the whole, we were reasonably content with the hotel especially the location. We were out most of the day so, apart from the disappointing breakfasts, it was fine for our purposes for a couple of days sightseeing. We were on a tight budget and our deal worked out about £80 or so a night but I wouldn't like to pay more for what we actually got.	
Oct 30 2007	OK For A Night	Chose this hotel as attending a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. Walking time to the RAH is around 20 minutes so it is convenient for that.The Abcone is a clean well maintained hotel which served the purpose quite well. I had a single room which was very hot, even with the window open and the bathroom was the smallest I have ever come across. Fat people could not use the toilet or the shower. I found I could not sleep because of the heat and the heating was turned off and window was open. Noise from outside the hotel was also a big problem at night.The breakfast is very basic, cereals and orange juice and toast with processed cheese. I am sure they could do better here.Reception staff were unable to help with basic questions, he had never heard of the Albert Hall. Next day there was a girl on reception who could not tell me how to get to Chelsea. My son also stayed in a single room which was more spacious and had a much bigger shower room so it is the luck of the draw with which room you are given.I would consider this hotel again for a one night stay but would want a different room.	
Oct 26 2007 	pretty good	we stayed in the Abcone after a show at the Albert Hall and location is great for that - about 10 mins walk max. the reception staff were friendly and helpful - they let us in the room way before the check in time . the room was spacious and spotless with a decent shower. nice and quiet in a fairly residential area but near bars/restaurants for a night out. but the breakfast really let it down, a couple of sullen waitresses who half cooked the toast and that was pretty much all there was on offer except cereal - i had to go in the kitchen and ask if i could have tea as only coffee was out on the 'buffet' table and the staff were pretty indifferent (not sure you could really call it a buffet continental breakfast - think they were being a bit liberal with the truth there) but overall not bad value for the money	
Oct 16 2007 	Perfect and quaint in the heart of Kensington!!	I was spending the summer in the UK, but the first week I needed a place in London by myself. Being very familiar with the Kensington area, I wanted to stay there so I wouldn't have to do too much searching upon my arrival. Those of you who know Kensington will know that it is one of the more expensive areas of London!! Well I lucked out...the Abcone had excellent rates. When I arrived, the reception was excellent, although I laughed when I went into my room - it was the tiniest room I had ever seen!! That said, everything was so well fitted/organized, that it was perfect for one person. The bed was comfortable, there was tv and all amenities, the bathroom basic but clean and the daily service kept the room spotless. Breakfast was included and was a nice selection of cereals, breads, fruits, etc. It was VERY hot that week, but they provided a fan and that plus the open window helped. The only downside was that they had no ice machines, but the kitchen staff were kind enough to bring me a big bowl of ice each night after a long day in the city.I did not see any other rooms, but I'd highly recommend this hotel for single travelers who want something nicer than a hostel. This hotel is on a quiet street just a couple blocks from Gloucester Road Tube on the Picadilly Line. Close to a grocery store, 24 hr stores, starbucks, restaurants, Natural History Museum and more! :)	
Oct 5 2007	what a rip off!	This is such an expensive hotel for what it is providing! paid £300 for three nights stay when its only worth half the price! this is purely a rip off. Silly of me to book direct through the property but even then its not decent to charge in such extreme.what a start of my europe trip, to feel so rip off! breakfast is not visiting. better to get it off gloucester road. just don bother with this place.	
Oct 1 2007 	Handy location - quiet	Was situated in a really quiet area, but only a quick walk to tube, pub, cafes and shops. Hotel was a bit dated but very clean. We had breakfast in the hotel the first day but it was only mediocre so went out after that as Cafe Paul was only down the road and really good. The price was the clincher for this hotel. Best value as London can be so expensive, all we wanted was a nice, clean room that we'd be able to have a good night's sleep and not be ripped off. That's what we got.	
Sep 30 2007 	average	Stayed here for 8 nights. Great location for London base. Short walk to underground Gloucester station &amp; top cafe for breakfast. The room was very small, not even enough room to lie our suitcases on the floor. The drain in the shower did not drain away. The bathroom was a good size. Luckily there was a fan provided in the room which we had turned on at all times. We had an opening window but it was still quite hot inside. The room was fairly clean &amp; was kept stocked with tea/coffee supplies. NB this hotel even provided &quot;real coffee&quot; &amp; perculator machine! We had a small bar fridge which was great for keeping up the food supplies. Didn't eat breakfast in the hotel but it was advertised for a very reasonable price by London standards. Plenty of shops including supermarket &amp; restaurants nearby so you won't go hungry. The hotel was very quiet &amp; located directly across the road from a major hotel chain hotel. All in all a pretty average hotel but ideally located &amp; close to transport.	
Sep 24 2007 	nice hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, reception staff friendly and helpful, room was plenty big enough,( we have had much smaller both in London and other areas ) nice comfortable bed, tv, tea coffee making facilities plus a mini fridge ( which they will keep topped up with cold drinks at an extra charge if required ), carpets had small stains, but this is due to negligent guests spilling things rather than any fault of the hotel, towels changed daily, tea, coffee, milk, soap and shampoo replaced on a daily basis, walking distance to the museums, harrods, gloucester tube couple mins away, dont know what breakfast was like as we took the opportunity over the weekend to have a lie in, rather than get up for breakfast ! On the day of departure, they look after your luggage free of charge which was a big help as we were travelling late at night so still had the day free to go sightseeing. Overall, we had a very comfortable stay, and will definately book this hotel again next year.	
Sep 16 2007 	Basic but good value	If you only need a clean bed for the night in central london and don't require all the expensive extras, then The Abcone Hotel can be ideal. Reception was efficient. My single room was on the top floor. It was tiny but I was only in it a few hours to sleep. (watch out for the window opening wide if you have kids). It was quiet and the bed was fine. The shower was OK but the sink tap water wouldn't run cold. Continental breakfast (cereal, toast, juice and coffee) was all I needed. Cooked breakfast available at £3.95 extra. Overall good value at £55 by London standards for a clean room in Kensington, only 100m from Gloucester Road tube station.	
Sep 8 2007 	Perfectly adequate	I was pleasantly surprised! Very much booked to a budget for 3 nights and concerned after what I had got for a similar price in Earls Court 2 years ago but it was fine.Yes the room is small, but they do come smaller! It was clean, newish furniture with a comfortable bed, sparkling bathroom. A perfectly good place to sleep: who wants to spend the day in their hotel room in London? Niggles: The water refuses to run cold so drinking water has to go via the fridge, the carpet had seen better days, the breakfast was basic but what do you expect at this price point? Reception staff were helpful and stored a huge sports bag for me whilst I travelled elsewhere for a reasonable charge and nil once we had booked in. Literally 2 minutes walk to the 'tube'and direct to Heathrow Airport, so an excellent location just a few stops from the West End.I would stay there again and pocket the savings to spend elsewhere in London.	
Aug 7 2007 	great value	Great location, fantastic price, clean, fan in room..really handy! Would use again, breakfast ok.	
Jul 3 2007 	Good for Olympia	Good location near tube station and handy for exhibitions. Clean and friendly. Very good value breakfast - only £2.95 for continental or £3.95 for English! Nearby Waitrose for drinks etc. and lots of restaurants nearby. Quiet location for London.	
Apr 30 2007 	Disappointed	Don't believe the size of the room from the pictures they show you. My husband and I could barely move around each other in the tiny room we were given. Carpet was absolutely filthy and they didn't even vacuum every day. Bathroom, while small, was modern and the shower was hot and strong but tile grout was beginning to mold and mildew. Could hardly get down the very narrow hallways for the linens laying on the floor every day.On a positive note, the staff was friendly but not too knowledable about the city and the extra pillows I requested arrived immediately. Furniture was clean and modern and had a nice wardrobe for clothing. Excellent location and neighborhood. Glouster Road tube station is 2 blooks away and good choice of inexpensive (if anything in London can be called that) restaurants in the neighborhood. Grocery store also very close.I would not stay there again.	
Apr 10 2007	cold showers not part of the plan	well located hotel BUTasked for a non-smoking room and it was not forthcomingbreakfast was until 9:30 - when arriving at 9:15 told that cooked breakfast was off and offered toast with an attitude instead on last morning there was only cold water in the shower which topped off a relatively unplesant stayas there are many hotels in this central area i would recommend staying elsewhere	
Mar 27 2007 	Hidden gem in South Kensington	My wife and I recently spent a wonderful 6 days at the Abcone Hotel. We had arrived at 8:30 AM after an overnight flight from San Francisco. Our room wasn't ready ( as expected) but they said they would have it ready as soon as they could. After going to breakfast, we returned at 10:30 AM. We were then told our room was now ready and that we were welcome to check in early. This was very nice of them as we were quite tired.The rest of our stay was great, and everyone was always more than helpful. Any requests were taken care of right away ( extra pillows, ice, etc.) The room was clean, though much smaller than most rooms here in the States. But we knew that going in so we weren't surprised. Having visited London one time a few years back, I wanted to stay in South Kensington, and this stay at the Abcone was all I could have hoped for. I just hope that with too many good reviews, they don't raise their prices! London's not cheap!	
Mar 24 2007 	Excellent!	This hotel is the best budget hotel that I have ever stayed at in London.... and I have stayed in a lot!The hotel is 30 minutes exactly from heathrow international terminal 3 with no line changes!The staff was extremely welcoming and friendly! Funny too!The price was fabulous for London. 89 GBP per night for a very spacious family room ( we were 3 adults, 1 four- year old).. 2 twins and a king bed with a remarkably clean spacious bathroom. Loads of wardrobe space and a huge window with a private balcony. Great continental breakfast, very clean and quiet.Also, they have internet access in the lobby for a very good deal.Very quiet and 2 blocks easy walk to the Glouchester road tube station, a really safe residential neighborhood with a boots drugstore, waitrose market, pubs and the like all within a block. we walked to chelsea and V &amp; A museum in 20 minutes, easy walk.I will definitely return and tell everyone I know about this fine hotel.Stay at The Abcone! You will not be sorry!	
Feb 7 2007	very nice stay	I am an Italian teacher (evening classes) and I stayed at the Abcone Hotel from the 2nd to the 6th of February with a group of 15 adult students. I had booked after browsing the internet site of the hotel and reading some reviews of previous guests on tripadvisor. I didn't expect to find such a nice hotel. The staff are very friendly and helped the group when they were in trouble (for instance with the room key), everybody was satisfied with their room and their breakfast. The hotel is quite modern and in a very quiet area of London, if you need to eat something quick and cheap there are several places nearby where you can enjoy a meal and the most important thing when you need to visit the town - the tube station is really 10-minute walk from the hotel. The price for the group was really cheap. I am recommending the hotel to my friends and I'll be back on my next visit to London.	
Jan 17 2007 	Unwelcoming and Cramped? Tell Me About It!	Only stayed for one night, and to call it cramped and dirty, would be an understatement. The bedroom window looked as though the glass would fall out with a gentle breeze. A pane appeared to be glued together. There was no hot water in the bathroom, and you had to practically sit on the toilet when you wanted to use the basin.The bed was a mere 6&quot; from the wall at the base, which meant clambering over the bed to reach the far side.Unfortunately we missed breakfast (due to a missunderstading at check in) Reception were very blunt and said &quot;I told you breakfast finished at 9.30&quot;.......No offer of a bowl of cereal, cup of coffee or even a fruit juice! There was a workman sat at the reception desk chatting (no work going on in the hotel?) and he had a cup of coffee???? The hallway floors were covered in clean sheets and towels for the 24 hours we were there! I truly feel they took our money under false pretences. Right is right and wrong is wrong and this was definately very wrong. Hope they are happy with our well earned money.	
Dec 22 2006 	Most Excellent Value	I stayed at the Abcone for 3 days in November/December 2006. I found it to be quite clean and modern, and in a most excellent location - 2 blocks from the Gloucester station. The room was small, but to be expected in Central London for the price. There is internet available at the hotel, but there is a much cheaper option right across from the tube station. The only issue that I experienced was that my key didn't work at first -I was quite tired when I checked in and my key didn't work the first time, or the second, but the third they got it right. Small price to pay I believe. Also, local calls are charged by the minute - so beware. Good eats nearby if you want something quick. Close to a post office which was quite nice. I would definitely stay here again. Not recommended for those who spend a lot of time in their hotel rooms as they are smaller than what the average American is accustomed to. But housekeeping was efficient and the bathrooms clean and modern.	
Sep 29 2006 	Do Not Stay	Carpet Was Filthy, Bathroom ceiling leaked water, Two twin mattresses pushed together to make double bed, Small room, Had to walk sideways to get into small bathroom.	
Sep 26 2006 	Good budget priced hotel	Having read previous reviews of Abcone Hotel was dreading our stay. The hotel was well presented, the hotel staff were helpful and our room was faultless. We had a spacious room, lovely decor, well fitted out and equipped with hot drink facilities, hairdryer and a fan. The bathroom was tiled floor to ceiling in marble .The only drawback, if there was any, was that the breakfast was fairly basic, cereal and toast, but hey thats all you have at home. Would recommend as a good budget priced hotel in a lovely position in Kensington.Ione and Steve Gibbons, Saddleworth UK	
Sep 19 2006 	Hard to Enjoy	Just back from two-night (personal funds) weekend stay, following three previous days in business class hotel. I regret paying the 65 pounds/night (for regular single), as the value proposition at even that level was minimal. Stiflying hot third floor room (while outdoor temp were friendly low 20s), no a/c, disgusting cheap mattress with no padding/cover against its annoying buttons and threadbare sheets, &quot;organic&quot; breakfast of Kelloggs boxed cereal, toast and bland coffee... Save your money.	
Jul 5 2006	Great Value!	I am an American living in the UK and travel to London quite alot, every hotel has been cramped and dated. I had a friend and her young daughter visit from the US and we stayed in the Abcore Hotel for 3 nights. It was wonderful, what a change from all the tiny budget hotels in London! We booked the family deluxe room at an unbeatable price of £285 a night, thats half the price it would have cost for 2 rooms anywhere else. Our room had 2 single beds and one double bed, we also had a cot in our room for an infant, with plenty of room to spare for luggage and space for the kids to run around at the end of a long day. Only room we could find like this, 3 adults and 2 kids comfortable in one room! Absolutley could not believe how big the room was, especially in London. Location was great too, short walk from Glouester Road tube station which is on the Circle and District line so its extremely easy to get to where you want to go. Quiet street, we had the windows open at night. Friendly staff, we arrived well before check in and were told as our room had been empty the night before we could go ahead and put our bags in our room. Didnt sample the breakfast as we were up and out too early in the morning. Only complaint would only be our problems with booking, you will only have this problem if using a Switch/Maestro card. As they have no way to validate the card unless they charge you for 1/2 one nights stay and then credit it back to your acct. But staff was very friendly and happy to help. I would reccommend this hotel to families or groups that dont want/cant afford 2 rooms at a time. Very impressed, already planning to go back!	
May 31 2006	A great hotel choice	My mom and I just returned from a trip to London where we stayed at the Abcone, and we really liked it. After five visits to London, it's the best budget hotel I've stayed at. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We arrived too early to get into our room, so they stored our luggage in the back room while we went to the museums just down the street, and when we returned, our luggage had been put in our room for us. The room was a good size, clean, bright and attractive, and it had a proper bathroom with a real bathtub, not one of those airline capsule type bathrooms a lot of British hotels have. A kettle with tea &amp; coffee supplies was provided, as well as a hairdrier and a small fridge with an honor mini-bar. And they have an elevator, which is rather rare in a budget hotel in London. In a great location near the Underground, buses, shops &amp; restaruants, but located on a side street so it was mostly quiet even with the window open. Our view was a tree filled park across the street. Within walking distance of the V&amp;A and Natural History Museuems.We did not experience the water temperature problems that some other reviewrs have mentioned, but I can see where those spigots might be somewhat confusing to people accustomed to straightforward American water faucents. Also, those visiting the U.K. for the first time must realize that things are just smaller there - the hotel rooms, the elevators, corridor width etc. - and this does not make the place a bad hotel. Our room at the Abcone (which was a twin, with two single beds) was actually a pretty good size compared to places I've stayed on previous trips.I can fnd only two little things that were not so great - one being the continental breakfast included with the room price, which consisted of merely cold cereal and cold toast. After the first day, we went down the street to Waitrose and got packaged muffins and fruit and had them with tea in our room. Also, they charged £3 for interent access in the lobby. I went around the corner to an internet cafe and paid only 80 pence for a half hour on line. However they only charged 25 pence for a local phone call made from our room.Over all, I found the Abcone to have been a great choice for our visit to London and I'd definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2006	Not as bad as reviews might lead	I recently stayed at the Abcone Hotel for 2 nights. I was in a group of four people so we got 2 rooms. My room was one of the basement rooms. It was small, but not that bad. The bathroom was nice, and there was plenty of hot water. The other room was upstairs and was smaller than mine, but similar in condition. The beds were only ok, a little hard for my liking. The self serve breakfast for 3 pounds was pretty good and consisted of toast, cereal, juice, coffee, tea, etc. (I did not try the full English breakfast). The staff was friendly enough, although they did try and charge us for a few extra breakfast's, so beware. Overall, I would say the hotel was fine for what we paid. It is in a good location, 2 blocks from the Gloucester Road tube station, and in a good neighborhood. That said, I would most likely not stay there again, as on the end of our trip we stayed in a much nicer hotel, for not much more money (see best western mostyn).	
Mar 24 2006	Worried but positively surprised	After having read some of the reviews here at Tripadvisor I kind of regretted that I had booked a stay at Abcone Hotel. We arrived very late a Friday night and were kind of expecting the worst…Luckily we had booked a deluxe room which was tiny for being such a room however spotless and very clean - even the bathroom was sparkling. Nothing to complain about when it comes to cleanliness and the beds were also very comfortable.Most of the complaints here at Tripadvisor are referring to the size of the room but you simply can’t compare a Victorian building in central London with a modern hotel anywhere in the world; Victorian hotels usually have small rooms.I find Abcone well suited for a weekend-trip to London but if you’re carrying tons of luggage and are in need of loads of space I would recommend you to stay somewhere else. Personally I would stay here again if the price is right./Peter, Stockholm, Sweden	
Feb 22 2006	Dishonest	Overall the hotel was clean and is in a good location. What you would expect for the reasonable price. But, I will never stay there again and for one reason. They are dishonest. We checked out of our room and the man proceeded to tell us we owed almost 80 pounds for telephone and mini bar use. We never touched the mini bar - not once. We did use the phone but checked out our calling cards with TWO front desk staff to make sure they were free to call out. The front desk attendent told us that there was nothing he could do and offered to take 25 pounds in cash and wipe the record clean. I refused this - there is no record of cash transactions! Plus, we did not use any of the services we were being charged for. He was rude, telling us to be more careful next time! It was an awful experience and I would hate for anyone else to have these same mystery charges on check out.	
Dec 28 2005	AWFUL! No cold running water.	Don't stay at this hotel! There was no cold water for 3 days in a row, only very very hot. Had to wash my face with a bottle of mineral water. The elevator was broken for those 3 days. I laughed out loud when i saw the size of my room. It was a bed, a wardrobe and a desk crammed into a closet-sized room. On the up- side the price was good - 2 nights for a single room was £90. But only go to the Abcone if you are really stuck!!	
Nov 16 2005	Never Never Stay There	My friends and I stayed at the Abcone Hotel at the end of October and had NO COLD WATER throughout the trip, the carpeting in the room was dirty and a dead fly was found on the floor on the first day (albeit this was gone when the room was cleaned). The first room we were shown to wasn't big enough to get the three of us in with our suitcases, the second room, though larger, still had very small beds and the third one was a sofa bed (which I had agreed with staff we would not have before arriving). The staff were very unhelpful and on trying to get compensation from the Manager, he accused me of having too much complaints to be genuine, COLD WATER isn't a complaint, it's a necessity!!!! I also had the same problem as a previous complainer with the taxi I ordered, a private taxi was called when I asked for a black cab. I would never stay at the Abcone Hotel again.	
Jun 6 2005	Quiet Location but Manager Standards Are a Problem	Hotel is located in a quiet and pleasant neighborhood, near public transportation. During our two stays we were in 3 different rooms. They were all clean and quiet and the bathrooms were well maintained. The continental breakfast, however, was the poorest quality of any hotel on our trip.We had 2 problems during our stays. First, one room was over the boiler room and very hot all the time. Something malfunctioned with the water system and all cold water faucets delivered scalding hot water--even the toilet tank filled with hot water. The staff could not seem to get the problem fixed, and only after we insisted on another room did they move us.The second problem is that when we asked the desk to call us a taxi, they called instead a private driver and didn't tell us. The driver charged quite a bit more than a taxi would have, and the driver admitted that he paid a commission to the hotel manager for each customer the hotel provided. So if you want a taxi, you'd better get your own so you won't be tricked like we were.	
Mar 24 2005	Adequate	We stayed in this hotel only one night and found it to be small but adequate. The hotel is about a block from a main street so it was quiet while still being close to restaurants and stores.	
Mar 22 2005	Pity about the staff	Hotel itself is in a good location and the room was fine, albeit slightly noisy as it was directly opposite reception on the ground floor.The main problem with the Abcone is the lack of courtesy shown by the staff and management. We requested an alternative room and were told that there was no alternative available, which was directly contradictory to advice given to colleagues who were moved from a room in the basement (which was also very noisy).Rooms were very clean and tidy and bathroom equally suitableBreakfast was dreadfull. the breakfast provided with the room was continental (which consisted of cereal and toast) - price if not included in the room £2.95. This can be upgraded to full english breakfast which is £3.95, but best avoided (this was cooked in the microwave, with the exception of the beans that they forgot to cook and were provided cold!. Naturally we assumed the charge for this would be the additional £1, but my credit card statement showed a different picture when the hotel charged the full amount to my card without informing me. I have since raised this with the manager of the hotel who made it quite clear that he was not concerned with my complaint on the basis that &quot;there are plenty more customers out there&quot;.Overall, fine looking hotel with potential, but very badly managed and my final word...watch your credit card statement carefully!	
Feb 24 2005	Good Stay	We stayed at the Abcone Hotel for four (4) nights, mid January 2005. Our stay there was quite enjoyable.The location is great! They're only two blocks from the Glouster Road tube station, which proved to be very convenient.The hotel staff was friendly and pleasant. Our room was located on the fourth floor, and was of average size for this class hotel. The room was small, but not smaller than I've found at other hotels in the city. We found the room neat and tidy. The bathroom was updated, modern, and very clean. On a whole, the room was basic if not utilitarian, but met our needs. My only complaint in the room (which is not major) would be that the carpeting should be replaced. It was stained, but clearly had been vacuumed. I found the Abcone hotel a good value for the money.	
Jan 3 2005	Hated the room	We booked a room at the Abcone Hotel in London for 30th Dec '04.We were given a room in the basement. The carpet had filthy black stains all over it.The room was so tiny, it failed to represent any of the advertisements we saw on the rooms. Plumbing pipes banged loudly all night, without relenting. Persons working for the hotel shouted arguments until midnight, we presume they were in the only other room in the basement on the other side of the linen cupboards. If this is the type of room one is given for booking over the internet, do not bother.	
Dec 5 2004	Great Value in Fabulous Location	This is a lovely 3 star with comfortable, well-kept rooms. Rooms aren't huge but fine by European standards, especially if you get a deluxe room. Bathrooms are all marble and sparkling clean, but cold water seemed to be in short supply, which really means there was never a problem getting a hot shower!! The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful at all times. Great location with Glouster Street tube station, two supermarkets, restaurants, and a Starbucks just around the corner. It might not be a great place to stay in the summer as there is no AC and the rooms can get quite warm.	
Dec 1 2004	horrible experience	i found mold in a picture frame, which i am alergic to, the cold water in the bathroom never appeared, the shower was broken, the room was extremely hot, with no way to turn down the heat and the breakfast was a fraud. The employees didn't know how to treat a customer , there was stains on the rug, dirty sheets and a very uncomfortable bed tht left a small cut on my knee, also when i went to the desk to complain about these problems, the staff simply said, ok and im sorry about that....	
Oct 27 2004	Lovely hotel gonna stay here again!	We were three adults friends travelling together.We paid 88 £ for a three beded room, with a bathroom, which was recently upgraded, and had a standard of a lux hotel (and i have stayed in a few!)Had NO problem with the shower and hot water, even though we got up late in the &quot;morning&quot;, three girls taking long showers and the hotel was fully booked! (Maybe people need to find out how to regulate the water temp :-) )The room was okay, with a coffee maker, refrig. and a hairdryer. Good sized wardrobe!We will stay here when we go back in the spring!	
Aug 4 2004	Never never stay at Abcone Hotel	Never, never choose this hotel if it appear on your search!!! My room was ridicusly small, the cold water in the bathroom never appeared, the shower was broken, the room was extremely hot and without air conditioning, the lift simply didn't work at all, and the breakfast was a fraud. The employees didn't know how to treat turists, I felt like they want to charge every single thing on your bill. Really an unpleasant stay. I do not recommend it.	
Jul 23 2004	Typical London Hotel		
Jul 16 2004	Very honest staff--Left jewelry in room they mailed it to me in USA		
Mar 29 2004	It was ok and the price was nice.		
Oct 17 2003	Nice place to stay.		
Sep 11 2003	Dont Stay Here!!		
Jul 29 2003	Great place to stay		
Jul 29 2003	Sufficiente rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Nov 2 2009 	Buona posizione camera ampia e pulita colazione così così		
Aug 30 2009 	Regular		
Aug 1 2009 	Gran relacion calidad-precio		
May 26 2009 	une bonne adresse		
May 22 2009 	Hôtel sympathique dans quartier calme		
Mar 8 2009 	Très bien placé central et calme		
Jan 5 2009 	Idéal pour week-end familial		
Oct 5 2008	Nos gusto mucho		
Sep 1 2008 	Posizione comodissima - Modesto ma pulito		
Aug 19 2008 	Estancia agradable en un hotel muy limpio		
May 22 2008 	Céntrico confortable y tranquilo		
Dec 13 2007 	buon rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Apr 24 2007 	zona tranquilla vicino alla metro		
