Oct 2 2009 	Quiet at Cranley Gardens	The Cranley Gardens Hotel is located in South Kensington, off of Old Brompton Road, about a 5 block walk from the Gloucester Road tube station. After our daily adventures, we felt it was refreshing to return to a hotel that was in a neighborhood where the locals live &amp; work instead of being in a downtown hotel where the noise is constant. We found the area to be relatively quiet, given that this is London.The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We shared a triple room, which was way more spacious than we expected for a European hotel. The washroom was adequate. The room was very clean, albeit a bit dated and worn. The beds were all comfortable except for the pillows, which were flat. There is no air conditioning in this hotel. Steps to some rooms are steep, and the usual small European elevator is available. Our room faced nothing, which we preferred, as it was probably more quiet than rooms facing the street. The breakfast was pretty dismal for this day &amp; age: toast with jams or cheese, about 5 different cold cereals, prunes, juices, coffee &amp; tea. There is a small bar in the lobby which was open in the evenings. Wi-fi is available in the lobby only, and there is one computer terminal available for guests to access. The front desk staff were all very helpful with directions, restaurant suggestions, and other information. Near the Gloucester Road tube station are restaurants, pubs, pharmacies, a grocery store, post office, a couple of little souvenir shops, flower shop, newstand, and more.	
Sep 8 2009 	OK hotel but wouldn't go back	We were booked into this hotel with family in 3 rooms all together. We asked for rooms together but they weren't.2 of the rooms were ok, our room and whole floor smelt of damp and the wallpaper in the restaurant and bar looked loke they suffered with it too.Breakfast was poor, no choice except cold toast and 3 cereals. There was no tea making facilities in room and cost £2 a cup from bar.The lift didn't work, not much good with a pushchair.Rooms were a good size but need upgrading.	
Jul 9 2009 	Small modestly priced hotel does a good job.	I spent 4 nights at the Cranley Gardens, which has a terrific location in South Kensington - close to restaurants, museums, tube and bus service. My room was small by American standards, but comfortable with an unremarkable view. Overall, quite adequate for my needs. The staff was generally friendly and helpful. Breakfast was continental, but very good. This isn't The Ritz, but as a small, modestly priced hotel, Cranley Gardens does a good job.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Location Great Staff Needs a Few Upgrades	South Kensington is my preferred location when stayling in London, but it's expensive. Note: if the postcode isn't SW7 it's not really in South Kensington. This hotel is about equidistant from the South Kensington and Gloucester Road tube stations, so transportation is good and there's a variety of shopping, dining, and services nearby. By London standards the room rates are reasonable; I paid £75 per night for a single room.The multilingual reception staff was most helpful and friendly. They told me how to get to Victoria Coach Station by bus during a 48-hour tube strike. They went after a non-metered minicab operator that overcharged me and extracted a £5 cash refund for me. They were helpful with concerns about the room safe and the 110v electrical outlet. Kudos to the staff!The breakfast buffet was good but not incredible: coffee, tea, juice, cereal, toast, etc. Hot toast and soft margarine was a nice change from the cold toast and frozen butter often served at breakfast in London. About six cereal choices, but no Weetabix (probably the most popular cereal in Britain). Only two juice choices, orange and apple. And no croissants. I've had worse breakfasts in Britain, but I've had better, too.Then there's the lift (elevator) -- possibly the world's slowest, and definitely one of the smallest. It says capacity is six persons, but surely that's a joke, right?Then there's the beds. I stayed in two different rooms on separate stays at the beginning and end of a three-week visit. Very small -- what would be called a twin size mattress in the US. And unquestionably the least comfortable beds of the seven hotels I stayed in during the trip. No, make that downright lumpy and uncomfortable.The room itself was tiny by American standards, but not unlike other single rooms in Britain. Lighting was adequate for reading and writing. Low-flow shower head and water-conserving toilet were annoying. Calls to British 0800 numbers from phone in room were free. No access charge, no per-minute charge.Unusual among UK hotels.There was a computer in the reception area where guests could access the Internet for free. Also unusual among UK hotels.Don't go in expecting it to be like an American hotel. Even the hotels in Britain with American names on them are not like their US counterparts. And this one is above average in meeting the expectations of American travelers. For the price, this is a good value hotel in a good neighborhood in central London.	
May 27 2009	Great location. Friendly staff. Good breakfast. Adequate accomodation.	We spent two nights in a twin room overlooking the street. The main problem was the plumbing. The toilet wouldn't flush and there was very little water pressure for the shower. We reported the toilet and the gentleman at the desk was very apologetic but didn't seem surprised. When we returned to our room at the end of the day, it had been fixed, but still only flushed on about every 10th try! The mattresses were hard and the pillows thin and the TV did not work. The size of the room was better than expected and there wasn't much noise from the street. The decor was decent. The breakfast room in the basement was pleasant though there were water stains on the wallpaper. There was a good selection of food (3 or 4 cold cereals, prunes, yogurt, a selection of juices, fresh toast, cheese etc and a hot breakfast was available at extra charge. We paid about $165/night (Canadian) through our travel agent. and by Canadian standards this would be a rip off, but from what I've read, by UK standards it was about average. I would rate this as 2 star accommodation, not 3.	
May 10 2009 	Never judge a book by it cover	This was the biggest disappointment in my whole life. We had checked into this hotel in December 2007; the reception was as cold as the London weather. Staff was very much unwelcoming and didn't even bother to return a smile at the reception. The hotel looked great from outside but once you are on your way to the rooms you are hit with bitter reality. The narrow passage lead to the smallest lift we have ever been in our life, which lead to the narrow passage to our room.The room was very small with hardly any place to move in. The room was freezing and when we enquired why we could not start the heater, we were told that the heaters could be turned on only 06:00 PM onwards; till then we have to deal with the cold with some warm clothings.Surely we were not aat all happy with this reply and the service and had checked out of this hotel immediately.Will never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 7 2009 	Great location terrible rooms	Wife &amp; I plus three kids (11,14,15) stayed here about 5 nites in late December as part of a 5week trip thru Europe. This was one of the least comfortable hotels we stayed in.Location is great - near stations and the hopon/hopoff tour bus.Rooms were very ordinary - beds most uncomfortable in our 5 wks of touring and bathroom probably the worst - mainly because of the shower having next to no pressure.Reception and bar staff were helpful (the non-english ones) - the others were pretty ordinary.Breakfast just OK but the pub down the road much better.Real shame because the location and uoutside of the hotel is great.Price was high compared to others we used but this might be typical of London more than anything else.	
Apr 22 2009 	Fine - says it all really.	I stayed here with seven colleagues for an overnight stay on Business. The hotel was booked by a third-party organisation, so I had no expectations. A pleasant reception area with a small bar, and a friendly smile from the female receptionist, complemented by a disinterested scowl from her male colleague. The same lady greeted me by name when I returned from dinner later, which was a pleasant surprise.My room was on the fourth floor, which I reached via the slowest lift I have ever ridden in - from then on I used the vertinigous stairs. The room itself was a bit shabby, with a thin blanket over the topsheet and a mattress due for replacement. The bathroom was in desperate need of refurbishment, particularly the shower. My biggest bugbear in a hotel room is an inadequate shower, and this was a poster model - an over-the-bath extension with calcified holes in the head and a wildly veering temperature. This was probably because I was on the fourth floor and showered in the morning - my colleague used hers the evening before and said it was fine - little consolation for me standing covered in suds waiting for the spray to become hot/cold enough to duck beneath for a few brief seconds.Breakfast seemed pretty acceptable, although I only had time for a bowl of cereal as service doesn't begin until 7.30am; usually too late for me when on business. The coffee was far too strong for me to drink - usually I find myself moaning about how weak it is, so this was like drinking treacle (but coffee-flavoured).Overall, If I was booked into this hotel again, I probably wouldn't change it, but if I was booking for myself, I'd be looking elsewhere. Not horrific, not amazing - just fine.	
Apr 8 2009 	Charming hotel very well situated you feel like home warm welcome	This hotel is first of all very well situated. Service was just excellent, very helpful at the reception to help you with any question.The hotel is confortable and cosy, the staff make you feel like homeWe had a very pleasant stay and really advise this hotelGood price for the service + location too. Nearby underground	
Mar 29 2009 	Very very nice	My family is a regular client of this hotel, which is very clean, quiet and very comfortable.The staff is really friendly, caring all the needs of the guests.The hotel is located in a quiet area of south kensington, close to the tube station and well connected with buses.I have already recommended this hotel to some friends because the prices are highly competitive and the quality really good.It is perfect for families not seeking for international hotel chains that, it has to be mentioned, very often in london do not accept children and infants. Compared with other hotels we visited in London with this range of price, this is definitely the best.	
Mar 21 2009 	Appalling stay!	I am a freelance writer who is writing her second novel and chose London for my setting. I stayed at Cranley gardens for more than two weeks. It was chosen because of its excellent location and because it was cheap.(£89 for a double room)The room was very poorly furnished, the chairs are so hard that sitting on them is equivalent to sitting on a rock. Curtains looked like they were once white and now are grey with dirt, windows are not clean, fixtures in bathroom ancient and caked with limescale, room smelled of mold. Breakfast is guaranteed to give your morning a bad start, coffee of a cheap quality(Nescafe is not expensive you know!), canned fruit instead of fresh fruit, watery yogurt....Full english breakfast is £13.50 I was told. You can get it for £6.00 at the nearby pub. If you want a good breakfast go to the nearby cafes on Gloucester road and Old brompton road. Pauls French cafe does a divine hot chocolate, and croissants are freshly made.Initially I planned to stay only two days then decided to extend my stay as research and meeting with editors would take far longer than anticipated. On the night before checkout, i went downstairs to extend my stay and the French night porter said he could not do so as he did not know how to operate the system. however he did reassure me that they had plenty of rooms available so extending my stay would not be a problem. I received a call the next morning at 11.05 with a very conversation that goes as follows-Reception( A man with a problematic left eye)-&quot;Checkout was at 11.00am madam.&quot;Me-&quot;Oh I am going to extend my stay and wanted to do so yesterday but your night porter could not do so I will be down shortly.&quot;Reception- &quot;You should have done all that before madam.&quot;Click. He hangs up.I am brushing my teeth before I go down and the maid bangs on the door with her fist, I say ,&quot; I am still in here&quot;, She says, &quot; Checkout was ta 11.00 madam ya? You need to go now!&quot;She leaves.As I am getting dressed five minutes later, another maid raps on the door and says the same thing and when I scream out that I am extending my stay then she says that go speak to reception or get out of the room. I went downstairs and told reception of teh incident and he answers, &quot; We have lots of people staying here and you have to pay before 11.am.&quot;No apology was offered for the maids' behaviour.One night I had A guest stay with me and when she went downstairs to the lounge with her laptop, she was asked by the same receptionist not to use the facilities as she is not paying for the room.On the same evening,I had a bike messenger delivery and I was told off by reception because the messenger did not go to reception. Where is my fault in this?The rest of the staff if absolutely lovely, this man does not deserve his job...To Ranj who comments back on the reviews, stop being defensive, either apologise and shut up or apologise and improve the service in your hotel. You have a lovely property, train your staff, clean your balcony.....	
Jan 14 2009 	Shared the room with a mouse!	Room small and dreary. Bathroom unsuitable for large people - you can sit on the toilet whilst dangling your feet in the bath and washing your hands in the sink all at the same time. Worst was sharing the room with a mouse. Staff uninterested in our complaint - said this had never happened before. However, mice are not lone creatures. Ours was no doubt feeding the wife and kids and in communal living with aunts, uncles, cousins etc!!! Staff made no effort to find us alternative accommodation - we found ourselves on the streets of London at midnight with a minor in tow. Receptionist, who had become quite rude and arrogant, took our contact details for the Manager, who of course was not available, to contact us - three months later we are still waiting. No refund or compensation offered - in fact receptionist thought we were going to pay for the night we had to leave!!! We dealt with the situation in a calm and dignified manner and left the hotel foyer quietly - the hotel ought to consider itself fortunate we did not loudly announce to all in reception and the packed lounge the reason for our departure, as many other disgruntled guests would have done. Next time we will stay at a larger chain such as Jurys, where the receptionists are polite to customers and not this small greedy hotel. I see from previous comments the manager feels he is giving guests a complimentary breakfast - are we really to believe he is doing this out of the goodness of his heart and not taken food purchase into consideration when setting the room prices??? Incidentally, whilst at the reception, like other comments we also had three other people complaining about the cold, lost keys etc. South Kensington is indeed a delightful area - please please please find yourself a hotel to match.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great location...helpful staff	This is a very basic hotel in a wonderful location. It is a small hotel so that makes it nice. Rooms are very basic - no coffee, tea, kettle, etc. But there is a free internet connection in the lobby for all guests. Gloucester Road and many restaurants, shops, Tesco Express is just across Old Brompton Road. I found staff at the front desk and elsewhere to be very friendly and helpful. We were there when the fire in the Tunnel happened and they were very helpful to guests trying to make new connections to Paris and the continent. Rooms are small but clean. Breakfast was good with a supply of cereals, fruit and staff member to help with fresh toast. The hotel could use some work but I found it fine and I was impressed by the staff. We even opted to stay and extra night.	
Sep 27 2008 	First trip to London	I stayed at Cranely Gardens earlier this month when I visited London on my own. It was recommended to me by a friend who had stayed there, and who's parents often stay there (they schooled in London and go back twice a year). I quite enjoyed the hotel and found the staff very friendly. Can't beat the location which is central to all manner of London sights.As for the room: the TV and remote in my room worked, and the bed was fine although the bed linens were old and the cover had a stain. Can't speak to the heating as it was warm enough in September not to need it. No AC, but this is London so you just open the window. The room was very quiet and as others have mentioned quite small, but I thought reasonable for the location and price. The bathroom was basic which was fine, although on the last day I had serious problems with the hot water. I only received a dribble coming out the shower although there was plenty of hot water coming out of the tap. This seems a common problem in England as it appears most showers have some kind of water-saving device attached. I had the same issue at a hotel I stayed at in Hastings.The breakfast is basic and filling and tasty: toast (various kinds of bread), james and preserves, various cereals, canned fruit (peaches while I was there), slices of cheese, milk, coffee and tea. It filled me up nicely for days of long walking in London (typically left at 10am and returned at 8pm). Locally there are endless restaurants and pubs and I became a fan of The King's Arms which is to the south west of Cranley Gardens on Fulham Rd.Used the free internet station when I could (it was often busy in the evenings) and since I was travelling alone spoke often with other travellers and staff in the bar area. It was all in all a great experience and I plan to return to the Cranley Gardens when I'm next in London.	
Aug 18 2008	never again	great location lousy hotel. Very old beds, very old hotelrooms, staff not friendly. when we complained about our room they said &quot;this is what you paid for, this is what you get&quot;!!!!It wasn't that cheap!!	
Jul 23 2008 	Danky in London	When we arrived our booking had been in error. I showed vouchers to the night clerk and she told me they had been changed by the booking agent. Turned out it was the hotels error. While trying to straighten out the situation we heard at least 3 other parties at the front desk with the same problem. We went through our travel agent and got it straigtened out. The hotel rooms were old and dirty. We had a water leak in our room from the roof, the carpets were filthy the service was unfriendly. Iwould never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 8 2008 	Don't expect too much!	Don't waste your time if your looking for comfort, the rooms are real small and the bathroom, well, you better know what your going to do before you go in, other wise you have to back out and turn around. The beds are small, a double is as large as you can get, Pillows are flat and very small, Lamb Table crambed next to bed, Bad storage space, Doors will not fully open hits lamp table.No Movies in every room, as posted on web site, No Internet service in each room as posted on the web site. The TV's are old and the remotes don't work. About 6 Channels, 2 in English. Nothing to watch on Tv after being out all day longAs for the Staff, at the front desk, they run Hot &amp; Cold, don't ask too many questions, They give you direct answers, but offer no help, Breakfast is ok, I like toast, Free coffee and orange juice.I would not stay there again, nor would I recommend it it anyone, It's noisy and crambed, small rooms, small haul ways, small elevator, says 6 person, must be migets standing on each others shoulders. I'm 5'10&quot; and weight 200 lbs and I took up a quarter of the elevator. with luguage 2-3 people max. The only good thing about this Hotel was location. If you want some comfort in your stay, Stay some where else, If your a cheapskate, this place is perfect, nothing to expect. I did ask the desk clerk for a differnt room and was turned down, I stayed there 7 days and just toughed it out. It was the low point of mine and my girlfriends vacation.	
Mar 9 2008 	Sweethearts in London	I definetly recommend this hotel to everyone. The area is georgious, the rooms are big, and the hotel staff is incredibly helpul. The location is perfect because it is right near the bus and the underground. I couldnt have asked for a better stay.	
Feb 3 2008 	bring your thermals	just got back from a two night stay in Feb 08 Take our advice and read the previous comments as it's now only after the event that we have!to save money the heating is turned off during the night, one night I slept with my clothes on as I was so cold. We weren't the only ones complaining about this either. Room had no basic facilities such as a kettle for tea and coffee. The only two positives were that the staff were pleasant and it's a good location.To summarise we're never staying there again.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great hotel in the best part of London!	This is such a great hotel! It is in the perfect area of London (South Kensington), close to the subway, nice shops, and just a lovely area with nice houses, apartment blocks, parks, etc. It’s an older hotel (converted apartment buildings), and not very fancy rooms, but comfortable, clean, and nice staff. I believe we paid abut 110 pounds a night, including taxes and breakfast for 2 people. For London, and for this part of London, this is a great deal. The other hotels in the area we’d looked at were at least 70 pounds more.It is about a 10 pound trip by taxi from Victoria Station to the hotel.	
Oct 16 2007 	Not a big bargain	It was a last moment hurry and the decent hotels I used to book were full. The room was the smallest I ever got (and I travel quite a bit), around 6-7 square meters. The bed was small and not very comfortable. No air conditioning. The bathroom is minimal and old. The breakfast is a disappointment. On the positive side was the location, the staff was friendly and helpful. In short, I would say it's a two-stars kind of cheap hotel that charges all 3.5 stars or so.	
Aug 16 2007 	Decent Place	My experience with this hotel began rather badly, as I wasn't given a room until 1PM; I was at the hotel ready to check in around 9AM. The rooms aren't very big and they can get stuffy, as there isn't any air conditioning. Other than that, the overall service was good, and the staff was quite helpful. The rooms were clean and well serviced every day. The buffet breakfast included in the rate was dismal, but you can't really complain considering that it was free. The location is GREAT, and there are a lot of good places to get food, even for those on a tight budget, such as Tesco's. In all, I probably would consider paying a little more to stay in a better hotel, although this isn't a terrible choice. This hotel had been undergoing some face lifting during my stay, but it still wouldn't hurt hotel management to put at least a fan in the rooms.	
Jun 6 2007	Not what I expected	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and did not have a good experience. The rooms are extremely small, the beds are old and stiff, and there's no air conditioning. They are under staffed and didn't seem that helpful. Don't be fooled by the pictures on the internet. This place is only for someone on an extreme budget and who doesn't care about quality.	
May 1 2007 	Comments on Cranley Gartens Hotel - London (U.K.)	Just returned from one of our regular trips to London. We always try to stay in a different area. This time Chelsea/Kensington seemed the right choice. We generally book our hotels over the internet. However Cranley Gardens Hotel turned out to be a bit of a disappointment: it is worn out and needs some redecoration. The breakfast was included in the room price, and a good thing too - it was certainly not worth spending extra money on. Very basic and in our opinion the breakfast room needed a good cleaning. We had asked for a twin room at the back (quiet) and got what we wanted. Matrasses could do with some overhaul and the blankets were a bit worn - room and bathroom equipment were pretty basic. But, on the other hand, the room was large to London standards. Reception staff was friendly and helpful but staff at breakfast could have been a bit more cheerful - this is certainly appreciated in the morning ! Location is great though, very near to 2 tube stations (South Kensington and Gloucester Road) and to the Museums &amp; Harrods, and lots of restaurants. Sorry, but we would not return to Cranley Gardens Hotel or recommend it.	
Apr 17 2007 	Second Visit	The staff earns the hotel an upgrade from &quot;average&quot; to &quot;above average.&quot; My wife and I stayed here 21 years ago on a high school trip, decided to return with the kids for spring break. The hotel provides excellent value for the cost. The location is great, as is the staff. If the provided breakfast isn't to your liking there are many inexpensive options within a 5 minute walk of the front door. Our rooms were clean with some rough spots around the edges. The mattresses were lumpy, but we were expecting that based on other reports (we were in 106 and 108, the connecting rooms.) We did take our own pillows, which made a tremendous difference. If you don't want to blow your budget on a bed consider this hotel. We wanted the kids to experience quaint and quirky; we didn't want them to feel like they were staying at Holiday Inn in Orlando.Eddie Manning (Google will find him) collected us from Gatwick and delivered us to the hotel with the utmost efficiency and reversed the trip at the end of our stay. If you are traveling as a group of 3 or more he works out to be about the cost of the Gatwick Express with a cab on the city end. However, you get luggage assistance and a comfortable, relaxing drive with a local. Something you won't see on the train.	
Feb 13 2007 	Bed without bath in South Kensington	This is a hotel in need of a serious renovation. We could have overlooked the dated decor, worn carpets and a sad breakfast in the basement. But we had no hot water for our entire stay and the pressure was not sufficient for the shower to operate. Promises to remedy the problem were just that. The hotel clerk was only authorized to give us a 15% reduction on the room rate and when we asked to speak to the manager we were told he was ill.	
Nov 26 2006 	Good location - Nice Hotel	I stayed with my wife for 7 nights in CG Hotel past April 2004 (i just created a my account here, so dont care for the delay!) and we spent a very good time in this hotel. Friendly staff, neat rooms (somewhat small but hey its London!), very good location. The breakfast is not plentiful, but who cares! Grab the butter and grab a nice white bread! I recommend it specially considering the location vs price ratio. You wont have luxury but you will have all your basic need fulfilled.	
Nov 25 2005	At least the area was great...	Okay, granted... my first mistake was confusing Cranley Hotel with Cranley Gardens Hotel. The bad news: The beds are horrible in every single room... I put three blankets on top of the mattress and you could still feel the springs - awful and almost impossible to sleep. The breakfast consisted of toast, cereal, tea/coffee and canned peaches - they could actually do a bit better job with the breakfast. Also, although it is a 'no smoking' hotel, it stank of stale cigarette smoke. The good news: it is a great area... Harrod's, The Science Museum, The Natural History Museum... also, close to the tube stop. There are some wonderful pubs and coffee shops in the area. There are also small markets which were very reasonable. BUT I would suggest another hotel... and to the Cranley Gardens - GET SOME COMFORTABLE BEDS.	
Oct 14 2005	Great hotel	We had a great stay at this hotel. The staff was very friendly, the rooms were very clean. Since I am a travel agent, I am pretty picky, but this hotel was in a great location and a great price. I would stay there again in a heartbeat and would also book my clients here.	
Apr 25 2005	Lovely hotel !	It was a really nice and lovely little hotel (85 rooms). We stayed there for seven nights in a twin room and everything was all right. The room was clean, nicely decorated (typical british style), there was space enough, the bathroom had a bath (that's very nice when coming back at the hotel after a long day travelling around London) and the two a bit bad things were the matresses which were a bit hard, and the tap in the bathroom that was a little bit odd... The breakfast included in the price was also something too basical (but it didn't let you hungry anyway). Otherwise the staff was really friendly, the hotel looked very charming from outside, and the location was completely wonderful !!!	
Mar 22 2005	Stay Elsewhere	We made a reservation at this hotel since the price-for London-was reasonable and the location was good. However, the room was absolutely tiny and worst of all, I could feel every spring in the mattress. I woke up every morning with an aching body and I have never had problems with hotel beds. The blanket even had holes in it. The breakfast was just basic-cereal-juice-coffee-toast and some cooked fruit. We decided to change hotels. Even though we paid more money, we were much happier. Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere.	
Jun 27 2004	We loved the Cranley Gardens	Charming, convenient, quaint, helpful &amp; very pleasant staff -- We fell in love with Cranley Gardens! We stayed May 31 - June 3, 2004. We arrived with over 6 large bags and the hotel staff delivered them to our room while we returned the rental car to Heathrow. Ten minute walk to buses or the tube. Great restaurants and pubs in the neighborhood. The staff helped with recommendations, directions and all of our other needs such as ice, extra pillows, arranging for a private car to the airport (less expensive than a cab) etc. Free wireless internet in Lobby and our ROOM!We stayed on the 2nd floor (they call 1st floor) facing the street, which was busy but when we closed the windows it was remarkably quiet. We did not notice any other interior hotel noise and one of &quot;us&quot; is a very light sleeper. Yes, the room was not spacious, but based on European standards it was perfectly acceptable.We highly recommend this boutique hotel and we will definitely be back.	
Apr 13 2004	Family stay at Cranley Gardens	From the outside, this hotel looks lovely and the lobby is attractive. We had 2 connected rooms, 1 double and a twin. The double room was small, the twin a bit larger. Both rooms were neat, clean and quiet and we all slept very well. We had no problems with the matresses (they are firm, but I like them that way). The bathrooms are tiny and in need of a facelift. Althought our rooms was small, not having to share 1 large room with our kids, was certainly worth the smaller room. The breakfast was adequate, but nothing special. The hotel staff seemd fine. The 1 odd thing we noticed, no clock in the room. That wasn't a big deal, but we had to arrange a wakeup call on our last morning. With taxes these 2 room did not come cheap, but then again, everything seemed very expensive in London. The location was convenient to 2 tube stops, the V&amp;A museum a nd the museum of natural history. We found some decent restaurants inthe area as well.	
Mar 28 2004	Wasn't my piece of paradise	We stayed at the hotel in Jan 2004 for eight days. We had a triple. The hotel was lackluster. I mean it was nice on the outside, but the room was a joke. It was very small, the bed were hard, and the amenties were lacking. I mean the bathroom was so small, you sit down on the toliet and touch the sink and the tub. Thankfully, we did not stay in the hotel that much, but the time we did, we were not happy. I guess the hotel is quaint and the staff was nice, but it wasn't even equivalent to a Motel 6 in the U.S. I would never stay there again.	
Sep 21 2003	Way overated ... go elsewhere	Small dingy room. Everything looked old, tired and worn. Cleaning staff worked hard, but nothing could hide the fact that the furniture was shabby, the carpet was threadbare, the bedspread was musty and faded, and the mattress sagged terribly on one side. To top it off, each time someone opened and closed their door, it slammed HARD due to uneven air pressure in the corridors. No need for an alarm clock ... you'll be up half the night and at the crack of dawn!	
Aug 28 2003	great little hotel	wonderful staff. this is not for those who want a posh, modern impersonal hotel. changed our room when we asked, got us a driver to southhamptom. would stay there again!!! lovely at christmas, wonderful atmosphere. helpful with everything.	
Nov 30 2002	Plan to Stay a Third Time	Our second stay at Cranley Gardens was in July. We plan to stay a third time. The staff was great, especially Tim the bartender.	
Oct 23 2002	Loved the people	Lovely hotel in amazing location that is South Kensington. The hotel is comfortable and clean and they even include breakfast! The service is very friendly a real home from home which is always nice when you are travelling alone. I have now been twice and will always stop there on my way through. Say hi to Tim on the bar and have a drink with him when you stop over!	
Oct 23 2002	non male		
Nov 16 2009 	Lamentable		
Oct 30 2009 	Attention à l'arnaque		
Aug 28 2009 	Hotel perfecto		
Jun 2 2009 	trés moyen		
Apr 26 2009 	Calido y acogedor		
Feb 2 2009	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Nov 27 2008 	bien situé mais le reste nul!		
Oct 8 2008 	Gute Lage und freundlicher Service aber renovierungsbedürftige Installation		
Sep 30 2008 	molto carino		
May 26 2008 	Emplacement idéal pour visiter Londres		
Oct 10 2007 	Plus mauvais hotel jamais teste		
Sep 28 2007 	Buscas un sitio cconfortable y bien comunicado....		
