Jul 22 2009 	Comfortable and friendly place close to everything.	While this hotel would not stand a &quot;white glove test&quot; it is a comfortable place to stay. It was just what I wanted, something with a &quot;lived in feel&quot; and a place with character. The family who run it are friendly and try to make sure you have everything you need. The rooms are small, but I expected that, and the beds are comfortable. Traveling with 3 adult sons, being able to use the kitchen was a plus, as we could make sandwiches in there and save a bit on food. Breakfast, while not fancy, was plentiful, and the older gentleman was always bringing around the coffee, tea, or fruit. It is a quick walk to the Gloucester station. Wi-fi is free, and accessable from the lobby, the dining room, or the 1st and 2nd floor landings.	
Jul 21 2009 	Its run by ailens but nice ones	St Simeon's is a field station run by aliens to study earthlings. They are friendly aliens but they don't understand earth culture which is why they set up this research facility. The only information they had to go on was a video of Fawlty Towers and a lonley planet guide to Lithuania. Things that give this away: they serve strawberry juice for breakfast. Or raspberry juice. No orange or grapefruit. They let the guests use the kitchen! There is a selection of breads - they select it for you. The curtains had no curtain hooks. There was no glass for tooth brushing (do aliens have teeth?). They have mastered coffee (they have that on planet zog). The bed was clean and comfortable. The location is great and it is very quiet. The aliens speak with eastern European accents to disguise their true origins. The wifi connection was free and fast.	
Apr 25 2009 	Grottiest hotel ever	The location is excellent and the neighbourhood rather nice, the problems start once you enter the hotel. Being three with a baby, we were given a quadruple in the basement. Yes, in the basement ! Technically speaking, there was a window, looking over a wall three feet away. The rooms were terribly dirty, especially the blankets and the bathroom. Luckily we were able to bathe most of the times at friends' place. During our three night stay, the room wasn't cleaned once. We were next to the kitchens, appallingly disgusting, and with noise from 6 a.m.On the upside, the staff were friendly and helpful, there were fruit, tea and coffee freely available, but frankly it cannot compensate for the terrible experience we had to live.Never again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Toxic breakfast!	Oh my God!I didn't know whether to laugh or cry - this group of buffoons should not have a hotel to run.The price was excellent. Like for a rusty, second-hand Ford Mondeo.The location could not be better - right by the museums. That's what my kids wanted - the Science Museum especially.Anyway, I digress.Room: we had a room for 4, so we expected to be a bit squashed. I loved the room door - very studenty. The bed linen was washed by someone who needs to learn how to operate a washing machine. I mean, was it too much powder or too little, or just poor quality? Whatever it was, they were greyish. Yuk. The carpet was sticky ... double-yuk. Amazingly, we had our own fridge in the room - vital for us because we had some very expensive medicine we needed to keep cool. Less amazingly, it didn't work.The upshot of this was I got to know the owner a little and the kitchen more than I really wanted to. The owner was a charming old Serb who thought I was wrong about the fridge not working, but didn't see fit to prove me wrong. He promised to change my fridge, but one of his workers told me not to expect anything, as he's very forgetful. So, I stored the medicine in the kitchen fridge (there was a common fridge in the &quot;breakfast&quot; room). A bit of a GBP 3,000 risk, but I had no choice. The fridge was clean and the food was separated properly. The rest of the kitchen was splattered in bacon fat.Morning came - we felt good - quality mattresses. Truly. I noticed another mattress stored above the toilet annex. Bizarre. There was also various detritus scattered around the hotel - old furniture and broken office chairs on display.Breakfast - at this point I feel like the Commissioner in the Clouseau films, you know, giggling insanely.Dingey breakfast room, people crammed in. Bacon fat smoke smarting your eyes. Poor quality bacon - the cheapest stuff. Matched the baked beans. Service given by a char lady wearing the dirtiest apron possible. Ahh - the tea. OMG, I just loved that great big pot she poured from. Shame it dripped so much over every single table!! Toast. It was astonishing how they burnt every single slice - you can't fault them for thoroughness! Jam - no choice of single servings in plastic or the alternative of quality produce you sometimes get. Here it was cost-cutting par excellence.I fell into conversation with a middle-aged French couple sat cheek by jowl with me. Restaurant owners!! I could have cried. My wife did (because of the smoke). One good thing is that you have access to the kitchen daytime - so you can have tea and sandwiches ... and make yourself some unburnt toast as well. As for parking - I saved a fortune by ditching the car on Putney Heath (after dropping off the family) and taking the Underground.To sum up - you can survive sleeping in this place, but please get breakfast somewhere else.	
May 4 2008	OK clean and good location	Stayed at St Simeon on recommendation of some friends who go there regularly. Its cheap - booked a triple room which worked out at £75 per night. For a hotel in Kensington, near to tube station, in good location this seemed a real bargain. The beds were clean, the room was small but adequate, the shower worked. The breakfast was basically what had been on offer at Sainsbury's the night before! But if you aren't expecting luxury this was fine - we had fruit, plenty of toast, hot drinks. It was a bit like a cross between a hotel and a youth hostel as we were offered access to the kitchen to prepare meals and drinks up to 9pm. I would book it again as there were no real problems and I've stayed in more expensive hotels and not had much better facilties.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great little place in Kensington London	Spent 3 lovely days in this hotel with a friend of mine. It is located in a perfect location andvery close to the undeground station.Room &amp; bathroom were very clean, bed comftarble and the staff was really nice and friendly.I will definetly go back to this hotel next time i will visit London.	
Feb 26 2008 	Never Again	This place was horrible! I found a bug in my bed! We were in a bedroom downstairs and in our windowseal there was a ladder and our window would not lock. The people running the hotel were a bunch of perverts and the did not treat there maid very nice at all. Dont stay hear i highly recomend that you spend a lil bit more money and stay somewhere else!!!	
Oct 26 2007 	Avoid like the plague!	Booked this hotel through the Victoria Station travel assistance center only because it was the cheapest available on the day itself (a Saturday). The location was excellent, a rather upscale neighborhood, and I thought I stumbled on a hidden gem. But when I saw my room, I was horrified. It was thoroughly disgusting--dirty and smelled like feet. The bathroom was slimy, the bed was deformed and worn out, and the sheets were itchy. Good thing I paid only for the night. I checked out early the next morning, after a rather unappetizing breakfast of oily stuff.	
Sep 29 2007	St. Simeon's is worth the cost	This hotel was a very pleasant experience. For a budget hotel it is clean, situated in a relatively quiet neighbohood, is near great sightings and also very near major subway lines.Breakfast is something you either like or don't like, but no one forces you to eat it. Staff was excellent, most of them very friendly, also the breakfast room personnel.Put together, one of my best experiences with budget hotels. Shower and loo worked excellently, no foreign insects near us, view to a relatively quiet street and no gutters as in one of British hotel I've stayed in...If I must say one negative thing, that is that our room was on 3rd floor and for middle aged couple that was a bit challenge:-)All in all, very positive experience!-erja	
Sep 5 2007 	Super	I came here because my friend told me about great hospitality.Rooms are nice and people who work there the most generous.i ate so much and laughed with them.This hotel is mostly for people who like to feel like at home.Mitch	
Sep 5 2007 	Not bad great location realistic expectation	A rather belated review of our stay at St Simeons. Booked online but ensured accuracy by emailing and also phoning. Unfortunately they tend to employ Eastern Europeans with limited english so sometimes difficult to make yourself understood. We travelled as a family of five and my husband uses a wheelchair. We walked everywhere to museums etc and only needed to use a taxi once when returning from a west end show. Location is very convenient. Close to all transport, supermarkets, laundromat and internet cafe. Staff helpful. Room had a mezzanine with one double bed and 4 singles, therefore room was reasonably cramped. For extra five pounds a night we had a small camping fridge and colour TV. Sheets etc a little thin but clean linen every day. Bathroom was a bath with a shower over the top and a toilet. For a family you had to wait your turn. Had to keep chasing up extra towels if they forgot. Breakfast quite adequate ie ham, eggs, beans, toast, sausages etc. No cereals. Diluted cordial for fruit juice. Plenty of tea and weak hot chocolate. Admittedly fruit was often not quality but amount plentiful. Able to use kitchen to prepare meals so this was quite useful. All in all very cheap for London and for a family from Oz	
Aug 19 2007	Bloody Awful	If this hotel is budget, I would hate to see one that is cheap. Carpets consist of 'pieces' of mis match bits. Food was disgusting. When we checked in we were met by mouldy &amp; bruised fruit. The two girls who served breakfast were obviously frightened and their disgusting white lab coats that served as 'waiting on' oufits did nothing to encourage us to eat the food. What a waste of £1500 for a 3 night stay.	
Jul 27 2007 	DON'T GO PREFER TO SLEEP UNDER A BRIDGE IT'S BETTER	Please, if you care about your health don't go!I arrived and it took 30 min to do the check in. The guys at the reception try to approach me in all the possible ways, not professional at all but still acceptable. I took one en suite room, the carpet was dirty and disgusting as well as the duvets (full of hairs and other unkown things). I noticed the pillow cases were full of red spots, I understood later the reason for that: once you turn off the lights a lot of small and big insects will climb your bed and suck your blood. If you kill them they will leave a blood spot (which is your blood!!!) on the bed: that's the reason for those marks. I tried to sleep in the shower the second night, and on the third one I left, and found another (expensive) hotel...but I am never been so happy to spend my money!!!DON'T GO DON'T GO DON'T GO.	
Jan 19 2007 	Fled after a night	Pokey room. Icky too. Hard to describe, but I don't think I can add anything to what's already been said. It was cold and miserable to get out of bed to go to the toilet (outside the room) even though it was just next door.Booked it because it was cheap and located in a nice area, but the interior definitely doesn't do it any justice. I don't expect luxury for the price. But surely the carpets and bedding could be cleaned?I fled after a night and bunked in with a friend. She was an overseas student and didn't have much space, but I slept very well on her floor with a sleeping bag!	
Dec 4 2006 	blrgh!!!!! HORRIBLE	The hotel was covered in a thick layer of dust and it smelled of walnuts on first entry. I believe that the bed sheets were in fact dust sheets previoulsy used in redecorating- they had paint on them. Additional blankets wre itchy. The television was tuned to the wrong channels and needed to be banged every ten minutes or so to make it work. The fridge did not work. The bathroom was grubby and you could here the next rooms bathroom through the wall. The breakfast was a small fry up with a plate of beans, doughnuts and muffins and brownies. Access to kitchen at first sounded like a good idea but the dirt was off putting. About a ten minute walk from Gloucester Tube station, a nice area shame about the hotel.	
Aug 30 2006 	Never again	Ugly,Old,Durty !The owner is not the nicest guy I met in my life,don't complain to him about the state of your room and the &quot;bathroom&quot;,it's risky!!	
Jul 30 2006	Cheaters and Thieves	I write late after my stay in St. Simeon but I was waiting till they give me back money charged from my credit card in amout of 700 Pounds! They condudcted unauthorised transactions knowing that from abroad it will be dificoult to me to prove it. The place is disguasting, dirty and unconvinient for every human being. They offer no rooms but burrows! After some months of convinsing my bank that I didn't conduct credit card transactions I got my money back. The s't Simeon Hotel multicharged me many times the same amount of money without having my signature (I pay only once). Maybe somebody from Great Britain would advise me how to sue the owner of the Hotel (mr John Goskovic I suppose). Please do avoid this hotel!gregorczukc@op.pl	
Jul 23 2006 	Dirty and Disgusting	This hotel is very dirty, very hot and disgusting.The obviously overworked staff are friendly but this is not enough to counterbalance the revolting state of the rooms.DO NOT STAY HERE - pay more and go elsewhere.	
May 16 2006	A living nightmare	Having booked and confirmed a double room three months ahead of time, we were surprised to learn on our arrival that there was not the type of room I had requested. Fortunately I had printed the e-mail of the confirmation. We were given a room on the fouth floor (not easy for someone 60 years old) - but it was filthy. Never have I stayed in such a grubby establisment. Never would I touch the hotel again, regardless of how tight the budget.	
Apr 27 2006	A Lucky Escape!	Please think carefully before booking this hotel. Our two friends- older ladies from abroad- had supposedly booked, and had confirmed, two single rooms on low floors- to avoid stairs. On arrival in mid pm, we were kept waiting as the young man kept consulting, and reconsulting his list, telling us that he would be in trouble if he did not utilise his room allocation properly. He then offered the older lady [in her 80's] a room for 6 people [on a high floor] but told her that he would move her &quot;to a single' tomorrow- she was very upset. The other option was a room on an even higher floor! We looked at the room for 6 and , boy, was it dingy! Dark brown curtain-closed, 3 double beds-none with matching linen, Tiny shower/wc. Our friends were by now near to tears, so we slowly made our way down the worn staircarpet and said that we would be going elsewhere.As I phoned another hotel chain, the young man was at our car, asking our friends to come back in for a drink and promising them the rooms that they wanted after all.!!There is no way that we would have been happy to leave them under that roof.The hotel would be ok for backpackers and younger folks on a VERY tight budget, but BEWARE- it looks nothing like as smart as the photos.	
Apr 19 2006	Never ever try	Well...actually I would rate zero if I can.If you are looking for cheap accomodations, there are plenty in the area in London. St. Simeon is not the cheapest, but simply the worst B&amp;B ever. So if you are looking for bathroom without shower curtain, no hooks, broken shower head and never changed bed sheets, this is your OPTION!	
Apr 29 2005 	kitchen facilities	Great times despite first ever in London. My wife and i were very much at home greatly facilitated by your kitchen facilities. We cooked, just like in Malaysia. The hotel very close to Sainsbury supermarket , Wait Rose and others had provided us with great ease to shop and dine at anytime. The Hotel surely can do more to cater for Malaysian tourists with its great services and comparatively at cheaper rates! Keep it up.	
Jul 28 2004	St Simeon Harrington Gardens	The Good - in spite of being old and a little frayed around the edges, it was clean, both the room and the dining area. Great neighborhood. Full English breakfast was good. We used the kitchen (old, small but clean) only once, but it is available to guests when the staff isn't using it. Low prices (for London); 75 GBP for a quad. En-suite bathroom was clean and adequate. Quiet. At least one member of the staff was always around the front desk area. Guests were from USA and all over Europe.The Bad - hey, it's a bargain hotel. Clean linen and towels on arrival but nothing for the remaining 3 days of our stay. No maid service. The room was small but sufficient. No A/C. The window was painted shut, but after being asked twice the staff freed it so we could get ventilation (just as the weather turned cooler). One flimsy lock on the door, but because of the locale and the ever-present staff we felt reasonably secure; however, we never left valuables in the room and there is no safe (as far as I could tell).The Ugly - the 2 twin beds in the room were OK, but the double was a futon with a thin, hard, very uncomfortable pad - not mattress. And whatever was in the small, thin pillows had lost all it's loft long before we used them. I slept OK but my wife was miserable. All things considered, I think we will not return to the St Simeon but will spend a little more money next time for a better hotel, more specifically for a more comfortable bed. But because of the cleanliness, the staff, price and the location I would recommend the St Simeon to the traveler looking for a bargain and willing to put up with bargain conditions.Jim Smith	
Jul 10 2004	Not so clean	To the extent that St. Simeon is pretty cheap for London (25 pounds, or about $50, for a single room), you get what you pay for. The hotel is in a nice area, and looks nice from the outside, but inside it is a creaky old building and is not very clean. The rooms, bathrooms, and showers were all grungy. I felt that the pictures on their website were rather misleading. Also, the front door of the building was open 24 hours, but the reception was not; I did not feel tremendously safe. If you are on a strict budget, for the same price you can stay in a very nice hostel. If not, I definitely agree with the earlier reviewer: spend the extra 30 pounds and stay somewhere else.	
Jun 4 2004	Good Deal for Your Money!	I stayed here with my sister last year in July. The place is pretty strategic in terms of location (near the Tube, Sainsbury around the corner) and is located in a pretty, quiet neighborhood. The hotel itself is a little old and rundown but for the price we paid, we can't complain! It sure beats a nasty 18 bed dorm though! My sis and I took the triple share room and we shared a small double bed. There was one other person in the room but she was never in anyway. The bathrooms are quite iccky though but you get as much hot water as you want, which is great news. The staff is awesome especially the guy at the front desk. They have a few long term boarders there and there was this one guy who was exceptionally helpful when my sister and I needed help navigating the London public transport. (Robert, if you read this, I never got to say thanks and yes, we did make it there). The best thing about the hotel is the breakfast. They were so generous! You get ham, toast, butter, jam, fruit, milk, all types of rolls and bread. And the breakfast was hot as they cook to order. For 15 pounds per person.....that's a darn good deal!	
Apr 19 2004	Definitely only for the budget student	I traveled to London with two college friends over winter break and stayed at St. Simeon.Positives:  1. Location: Quiet neighborhood, conveinant access to underground, within walking distance of attractions  2. Cost: 56 pounds [appx. $100] for a triple in one of the nicer London neighborhoods is a bargain. Average London prices run around 80-100 pounds.  3. Full English Breakfast: The meal is included in the room price and the managers definitely feed you until you're full.  4. Helpful Staff: The front desk attendent was very helpful when it came to things to do and places to see. The people living in the hotel were always willing to add their suggestions.  5. Curfew: No lock out time. We were free to come and go as we pleased. Negatives:  1. Appeal: The hotel/house was definitely well used and frayed around the edges. It definitely was not as appealing in person as it had been online.  2. Reservation: They took our reservation online, but when we got there, they showed us around and had us choose from the rooms that they had open at the time. Luckily there was a triple.  3. Cleanliness: It was definitely not one of the cleanest places. The owners vaccuumed and and cleaned everyday, but it seemed that whatever they were doing just wasn't working. The showers (communal) were very tiny and had shower curtains that were old and dirty;It also smelled like pee most of the time. There were mainly guys on our floor, so the bathroom always smelled and there were usually puddles. Luckily we had a sink in our room, so we never used the one in the communal toilets. The mattresses were old and very thin; I could feel the springs digging into my back most of the time.  4. Accessibility: This hotel is a house, consequently there are no elevators. We had to carry our luggage up to our rooms, but luckily we were only on the second floor. This is definitely not the place to stay for the elderly, disabled, or those otherwise incapable of climbing multiple flights of stairs. Verdict: Pay the extra 30 pounds and get better accommodations. This place offered the privacy that hostels usually don't and was cheap, but that didn't make up for the dirty facilities and accommodation. This place is definitely for the budget minded student traveller with lack of better places to stay.	
Aug 28 2009 	Super		
Jun 19 2009 	Le top		
Jun 1 2009 	Idéal pour grande famille à petit budget!		
May 2 2009 	pourri cet hotel!!!		
Nov 1 2008 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Sep 12 2008 	hotel st.simeon (londra)		
Sep 2 2008 	St Simeon: un albergo sporchissimo gestito da ladri e truffatori!! Vergogna!!!!		
Nov 7 2007	Orribile e sporco		
Jan 5 2007	N'allez pas!!!		
