Oct 24 2009 	Well-located comfortable B	A well-situated B&amp;B hotel between Baker St and Oxford St areas, with plenty of eating options locally. My room was booked as a single but was actually a small double on the first floor. Very clean and well-equipped for this kind of hotel with bath, ironing board etc, comfortable bed, clean and well looked after. There was virtually no street noise. Soundproofing from other rooms seemed poor although it was quiet from about 11pm.	
Sep 14 2009 	Well situated	Small, friendly hotel a short walk from Baker Street tube with good connections. Single rooms are small but well-equipped (fan,TV, hairdryer, iron, ironing board, kettle-- but no minibar/fridge). English breakfast, if you like that sort of thing, included in price: but no choice of teas.	
Aug 2 2009 	Small room	Good location, small rooms, not familyfriendly. We were two familys with yong children that stayd at this hotel. I dont recommend this hotel for familys. Hotel located nere a hospital. Patiens from the hospital stay in this hotel and they expect all other guests to live like they are ill too.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed in Regency Hotel for five nights in a double room. We have really enjoyed the stay at Regency Hotel. Even though the staff didn’t speak English fluently they where able to help us if we had questions or needed help. The room was quite small but clean thus we felt comfortable. In the room there was television, iron, ironing board, hair dryer, coffee/ tea facilities and free Wi-Fi. The bed was really good. Furthermore there was room service every day. The breakfast was good. There were different kinds of cereals, egg, bacon, backed beans, toast bread, jam, juice and coffee. The hotel is located close to Baker Street and Baker Street tube station thus there is great travel opportunities. Furthermore the hotel is located near Regent Park, Madame Tussauds, and a lot great eating places. We really enjoyed our stay at Regency Hotel and we can only recommend it to others	
May 15 2008	Avoid at all costs	Despite booking several weeks in advance I was told on arrival there were no rooms available. Fortunately I was able to arrange accommodation elsewhere but that would not be so easy in peak season.	
Mar 22 2008	Solid Hotel	Stayed at the Regency with a large group for five nights. Although our basement room was pretty small, all the amenities were there. A decent breakfast is provided (eggs, toast, cereal, bacon, etc.) for free. Although it came and went, free wireless internet is provided. The staff did not go out of their way but they were cordial and provided services (wake up call, calling a taxi) when asked. I'd stay here again.	
Dec 22 2007 	Great location	I booked this hotel through Venere as it provided the best price for my 2nts stay to visit my daughter and her family in London. I wasn't looking for anything fancy - just a safe, clean, comfortable, quiet room to sleep. I know the Marylebone area well and it offers everything needed eg. bars, pubs, restaurants as well as high street essentials such as bank ATMs, newsagents, supermarket etc. Hotel is just a few minutes walk to Baker St tube and 15mins walk to Oxford Street. (Recommend the Marylebone Tup as a nice local pub for drinks). You are asked to pay on arrival. There is a small lift. I stayed in Room 102 on the first floor. As I arrived on a bitterly cold evening I was hoping for a well heated room and it didn't disappoint - lovely and warm. I'd booked a single but I think I got a VERY mini double bed (trust me, no good if you're taller than 5ft zero! ) Yes, the room was small but I was expecting that. The room had beautiful high ceilings and full length period sash windows looking out onto the street which made for a light and airy feeling room. The hot, powerful shower, basin and toilet were all clean and functioned well. Though, be warned it's TINY and I don't know how say, a heavily pregnant lady would fit between the toilet and the handbasin - she'd get wedged in for sure! My bed was very comfortable, linens and towels clean and fresh. Soap stuff provided, tea, coffee, mini kettle, tv (terrestial only). A couple of shabby things: shower curtain needs replacing, tap head cover missing, holes in wall left from brackets dismantled should be finished off, pictures on walls are supernaff find something more interesting to hang.Overall, I did get what I paid for, so good value for money and I would stay there again. Safe, clean and comfortable. As for quiet, beware, the floors creak like crazy and if you're a light sleeper it'll drive you nuts and you can hear people around you. Sorry, I liked my bed too much to get up for breakfast so can't tell you about that!	
Oct 26 2007 	Comfortable and a great location	Just spent six nights at the Regency in a triple room with my husband and teenaged daughter. The room was very comfortable. We had one double bed and one twin, a private bathroom, a fridge, a hair dryer, a pot to make tea, and an iron and ironing board. The hotel has free wifi, which is very convenient. The location is excellent. Although Nottingham Place is a quiet street, it is surrounded by more major streets with lots of shops and restaurants. There are several places to grab a quick sandwich (such as Pret-a-Manger, EAT, and Tesco Express), as well as banks with ATMs and a Boots on Baker Street. There is also a supermarket on Marylebone High Street. But the most important thing about the location is that the hotel is a five-minute walk from Baker Street station, which is on five different Tube lines so you can quickly get anywhere in London. And there is an internet cafe at the corner of Marylebone and Baker Street. The only real negative was the lack of furniture for storing clothes. I had to shove my clothes into a cabinet designed for a small fridge, while my daughter put her things in the night table and my husband used a desk drawer and the shelf on top of the closet. A dresser or two would have helped. The breakfast is adequate but not great. You can get eggs, bacon, sausage, mushrooms (from a can), a heated canned tomato, cereal, and toast. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely go there again.	
Jul 5 2007	Great customer service fantastic location very comfortable beds	I had an excellent stay at the Regency hotel, it was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have had in a long time. The rooms were clean and nice. I really enjoyed the breakfast as well, very friendly staff. We needed to find out about some events in London andthey were very eager to give us information. You can't go wrong with the location its right near the Madame Tussauds exhibit and is on Baker street which gives you access to great restaurants on Marylebone, shopping in the fashion quarter, and one of the most central locations in London. Very reasonable rates and a great experience overall. Would recommend this.	
Jun 29 2007 	Good choice to end a great trip	Found my London hotel through PicturesofEngland.com although the site has other cities and more than just hotels. Then I contacted the Regency directly by email. Changed my mind several times before going with this choice. In writing this review, couldn't decide between Average and Above Average. Haven't stayed in enough hotels yet and everyone has their own preferences. The Regency is in a great location on a very quiet street only about two blocks from the Baker St. tube stop. Madame Toussard's is at the end of the street on Marylebone. I was 64 yrs old at the time, a solo traveler. Had a good breakfast. The staff was very helpful, although I had no problem with my room which was very nice. I think there's a lift. I was only there two nights and I was very busy trying to see all I could in a day and one-half; still did a lot of walking. (Strongly recommend taking a bus tour and a river tour if you're short of time.) I had to leave very early the last day to catch my plane. The front desk had arranged for a driver to take me to the airport (it may have been a luxary car). In looking for a hotel for my next trip, I haven't found one that will meet my requirements like the Regency did. I'd return but I'll be another part of the city.	
Jan 15 2007 	Excellent value for money	The hotel is situated in a central London location, off a quiet street just a few minutes away from Baker Street tube station. Our room was clean and comfortable with a good size en suite bathroom. The staff were friendly and helpful, especially the lady serving in the breakfast room. The full English breakfast was excellent. We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 26 2006	great location comfy stay	The location is great. You are close to the station of bakerstreet, from where its easy to get around in London.All people at the hotel were very friendly and made you feel welcome.The room is clean and great for staing a few nights. Don't expect any luxury in the room. It's more for sleeping then hanging around. But what the heck, you don't come to london to stayin all day.For the price you pay its a great stay and the location is perfect.	
Jan 23 2005 	Get what u pay for	Stayed here for two nights the room was clean, staff friendly enough but lacked atmoshphere. Rooms were clean. Area peacful. Good breakfast. You could get better deal for the price	
Nov 3 2004	Flea Pit	Was on holiday with my girlfriend and found this hotel through an agency. When checking in, the receptionist could hardly speak English and was more interested in smoking and watching TV. The rooms were tiny and not clean at all. We had to pay in advance and were forced in staying one night, the door did not lock properly and we went to check out at 6am, but the night porter was asleep in the reception. Hotel from Hell.	
