Sep 12 2009 	This was the dirtiest and poorly-maintained hotel I have ever seen!	I was shocked by the room we had booked. The carpet was so filthy and smelly, we kept our shoes on all the time. Sheets had been nailed crudely to cover up the bedheads, and the shower curtain had rusty nails holding it up!!The next night we asked for a better room, which was cleaner, but I would never grace this hotel's doorstep again. A lesson learned about budget hotels in London! We overheard 4 other parties requesting different room during our 3 night stay!	
Jul 27 2009 	Believe nothing of what you read	After reading all these terrible reviews I was really shocked. I had booked the hotel earlier and I didn`t know what to do. Finally, I decided to go to the hotel but I was prepared for the worst. Fortunately, I was positively surprised. The room was quite nice, the windows were open, the bathroom was clean. The TV, fridge and hairdryer worked. We spent 4 nights there. We left the room every morning and we came back in the evening but I could notice that the room was cleaned every day. Every morning we had continental breakfast which was toasts, butter, different kinds of jam,cornflakes and tea, coffee or juice to drink. That was enough for us till lunch. For my son the breakfast was very tasty. Also the service in the hotel was very nice and the same I want to say about the manager - a very helpful man. To be honest, however, I must admit that the curtains in our room were extremely dirty. That was my first visit in London and next time I am going to stay in the same hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	Dive	Your better off going to millets and buying the cheapest tent they have and sleeping on the streets as soon as we checked in we were met by a nice guy on the dest who was qucik enuff to tell us about all the trips and take our money. after 40 min's of him talking ( not sure what about) he sent us to our room up 4 flights of stairs with beding on each floor got to our room OMG iv never seen so many stains the cleaner here is on a winner easy money for her. while walking in later at night we came across the hotel gaurd a rat leaving a window very fast. next day woke up went for food which you wouldnt feed to a dog on the street. then went to get my car from a car park 40 min's walk away which cost me £27 for 24 hrs on the web-site it tells you rates for people in the hotle the guy who run's the car park knows nothing about it but london was great	
Apr 12 2009 	horrible and lying staff	i really despise this hotelroom advertised at 39 i reserved it with cardwhen i got there the evening was told 59.99 i had no other options so had to take iti was charged a fiver for wirelesswhich upon turning on laptop did not worki came down was not granted a refund i was told there was no reception on that floorwhat? he should have told me before charging me a fiverpatheticshower is IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROOMnothing at all to seperate it from the roomhorrible horrible manky hotelavoid please	
Mar 29 2009 	Disgusting hotel	On arriving at the hotel we were led to an attic room which was dirty. The toilet was on a floor below and looked as if it had never been cleaned ! When we complained we were asked for £38 each night to upgrade , friends with us had also upgraded but were only charged £38 for their entire stay ( 4 nights as opposed to our 2 ),we were told we had booked ecomony ( I didnt have a choice when booking) . Breakfast for us wasnt included in the booking so we paid £14 for continental breakfast which was rice crispies, weetabix or cornflakes (self served from tuperware containers, the milk was served in jugs that had broken and chipped lips) and one toast rack of toast. The coffee was tepid. The kitchen staff were Polish and our last morning was spent listening to them argue loudly , yelling at each other between ktichen and dining room !I am sure if the hotel (if you could call it such) was inspected it would be closed down due to serious health and safety risks !	
Mar 29 2009 	Do not go here!	Offered a room in the attic with shower in the middle of the room, so high up we could have cleaned the chimneys! The toilet was disgusting!We 'upgraded' to a double room with a double bed an a single bed. Wardrobe had no doors, curtains needed hooks, pelmet missing, door to ensuite didn't close, expelair was ready to take off...i could go on!Lethal stairs to 'dining room'! Light fittings bare wires and staff who entertained us by yelling at each other!Fawlty Towers? Bring back Basil!	
Feb 5 2009 	Just be warned	We were booked for three nights but didnt stay for any. Room was not only small but we had to clamber over dirty linen to get to it down in the basement. The bathroom was very small and in the bedroom there was nowhere for our suitcases. The view from the only window was of the hotel refuse bins. Were offered another room at extra cost but declined. The only redeeming factor was that they refunded all but the first night. Booked on recommendation of NZ friends but obviously they got a better deal than what we were offered. Thank goodness for cell phones I say as we were able to find something far better quite easily.	
Jan 15 2009 	Clostrafobic...and dirty!	When we arrived i thought it was a joke!it wasn't!we arrived in the bedroom and the windows were left open and it's not the best thing in January.the central heating wasn't really working,anyway we were provided by an electric heater that we manage to put close to the bathroom (there's no heating in the bathroom) and tried to warm the room cos taking a shower wasn't a pleasure...dripping water and cold place!took me 20 min just to wash my hair!we decided to have a tea as we spotted the kettle put the tea bags were full of dirt and dry-looking and there were only one (broken) cup.we managed anyway to clean the kettle get some tea bags from the shop and cups from the restaurant...problem was that you had to decide if having a cup of tea or keep the heater on as there were only one plug!The pillow covers were a bit...dirty-looking!and i had to sleep with 2 duvets as i was freezing!Really really cold!Breakfast was....crap and the place were overcrowded!you had either standing and wait for other people to finish or just skip breakfast as we did!I would not recomend this place to anybody!seriously!We are usually very adaptable people but this was a nightmare!!	
Oct 31 2008 	Don't listen to all the whiners....you get what you pay for!!	After reading all the poor reviews on this place here, me and my travel companions were prepared for the worst. But fortunately the horrors of the hotel was nowhere to be found...We were 6 people and stayed in two rooms (quad and double), during a peak of activity in the weekend of NFL International Series @ Wembley.The quad room was rather small and a bit crowdy at times, but the overall standard was good. The double room appeared a bit larger than the quad room (strangely), and the standard here was equally good. The reception had been given wrong information regarding the number of beds in the double room, but instnatly agreed to switch rooms as soon as a new room with to single beds became available. The continental breakfast was a bit rubbish, but you can't really say you're surprised.That brings me to the overall perspective. You get what you pay for, so when the overall rate for 4 people in a quad room for three nights comes out to £255.00, and the rate for two people in a double room for two nights comes out to about £170.00, you can't really complain about the smallest of things, especially given the convinient location of the place. You should expect a clean room, which was provided to the fullest with dailly cleaning and changing of sheets. You should also expect a service-minded staff, which also was provided in full. Other than that, every other aditional service, is just a bonus!!So to sum up. the Blair Victoria isn't the best hotel in London, and not the best in the nearest surrondings either. But at a very reasonable price and with a great location, within 5-10m walk to Victoria Station, you can't really complain....and you shouldn't either.	
Oct 12 2008 	Bed bugs	Two nights in Room 17 resulted in me suffering over 30 bed bug bites from neck to ankles. For 12 days I had lumps the size of 20p pieces, blisters and gnawing itches. This hotel is filthy and old. The male front office staff were helpful but the building does not offer creature comfort. Take our advice - stay away.	
Sep 17 2008 	Dirty and Grubby	Recently stayed at Blair Victoria. Really is a dirty depressing, grubby little hotel. Rooms small, dirty and smelly. Refused the 1st room they showed me. 2nd not much better, but very tired so took it. Do not stay. Be warned!!!	
Jun 3 2008	.......	* Dirty Floors* Full Trash Cans/Never emptiedThe bed I have to admit had fresh bedding but the shower and hand basin did not look as though it had been cleaned in months.It was the dirtiest place we have ever stayed and we really think that it should not have even 1 star never mind 3. Who said it was decent enough to be run as a hotel.? We really think this is one hotel? that needs to be removed from the listing.	
Nov 14 2007 	Really Horrible!!!! Don't even think about it!!!	It's the worst hotel I've ever stayed in! As soon as I got in I was shocked! The stairs leading to the room were so narrow and old that I was afraid I'd fall and I could barely lift my luggage. The room is so tiny, I could barely stand and there was no space to leave my suitcase. The bathroom was really small and smelly and the furniture so old... I was appaled. The first night I couldn't even sleep, fearing someone could come in. The service was really bad and breakfast.... I won't even comment on that! Searching for a cheap hotel doesn't mean having to put up with all the rudeness and the filth in there! I'd rather pay some extra pounds next time than staying in such a disgusting hotel again. And it wasn't that cheap anyway, considering its size and conditions. Some reviews giving 5* to it make me wonder.... Anyway, JUST DON'T STAY THERE!!!!!	
Oct 16 2007	disgusting	walked into the room, barely put bag down and walked back out! Brought down to basement, nearly broke our necks over sheets on stairs and then brought into pokiest, dirtiest room I've ever seen. Wouldn't put a sewer rat in it. Definitely wouldn't recommend it. Left and got a decent place nearby.	
Oct 13 2007 	This is the worst place I have ever stayed!!!	We have just got back from staying there for 4 nights. At first we were put in a tiny room in the basement, which hardly had any standing room between the bed and the walls and the view from the window was a brick wall. After complaining we were transfered to a room on the 1st floor which at least had a view of a street, but again was tiny (we couldn't even open the wardrobe doors) and the bathroom was very mouldy and none of the windows shut properly and the whole room looked like it hadn't ever been cleaned with a duster. My partner paid extra for a full english breakfast whilst I had the continental breakfast (choice of 3 cereals and that was it) After the first breakfast we didnt go again. This hotel nearly ruined our holiday and I would never recommend this place to anyone. The place looked full (mainly foreign tourists) and I felt ashamed that this would be their first image of England.	
Sep 2 2007	loved the service	A clean hotel with great service i really dont know what people are saying . We asked for a spair pillow and they gave us one beds were made each time we came back and towels were prepared for us small but ok for sleeping in.10/10	
Aug 24 2007 	Dont Stay here!	This hotel was way below standards. We were given the worst room. The toilet and the shower were attached! It smelled and was very dark. We were sent across the street, in the basement. Their ad says they have internet, it was in the main building so my children couldnt go unless I was with them, very busy street. We were promised we could move into the main building the next night for the rest of our stay, they said the rooms are much nicer and was not in the basement. I wanted a discount for the 'not nice room&quot; for the night we stayed in it, they would give us nothing. They admitted it was not nice across the street-Tudor Inn, the name. But they sent us there anyways..no refunds nothing. Be warned this place is awful!!!!	
Jun 30 2007 	disgusting	this hotel is terrible. It was nothing like the picture so do not be fooled. The room was so small we could hardly walk around, the bathroom was so small that when you sat on the toilet your knees touched the door, the toilet seat in ours and my collegues fell off, the curtains were hanging off and the duvet cover was black with dirt and mouldy - need I say more!! DO NOT GO HERE	
Apr 5 2007	Stay Away!!!	The worst place I've ever seen! This &quot;hotel&quot; is dirty and has none of the facilities they say. The room was small and unfitting for humans! Dirty and smelly. The bathroom was a plasic cabin there the water ran constantly on the floor.The room was in the basement with a window facing a 1 by 1 meter hole. The other window was in the cielling! No fireescape at all!Television: 14&quot; with a buildin antenna which made i impossible to see anything. Just thinking about it makes my sick!	
Mar 26 2007	DEFINITELY FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!	Don't stay at this Hotel - it's dirty, a fire trap and the photos are NOT WHAT IT IS REALLY LIKE!!!!BE WARNED - Find somewhere else - pay a bit more - you won't regret it!Also our room was across the road and we were asked to bring our key back each time we life - sorry, not normal practice!We didn't sleep there - found another place just around the corner!!!!Lesley from Brisbane, Australia	
Feb 22 2007	Cheap but nasty	The room was small - the bathroom was a capsule where there wasn't enough room to close the door if you were on the toilet. The whole room was dirty with mould on the floor from the bathroom, windows that were falling apart and dirty bedding. I complained and they did as good as job as possible at cleaning the room but it was still bad. I made the mistake of not checking the reviews before booking and the photographs of the rooms on the webiste looked good. I appeciate this was cheap but there are much much better hotels around for the same or less money. I feel embarrased to think that people from all over the world will stay here and think this is what English hotels are like. DON'T STAY HERE! Note that the photos added to this site for this hotel make our room look 5 star.	
Jan 28 2007	where not to stay	poor quality hotel with safety issues/windows held open by bits of wood,sash type.location good.seemed more like a night shelter.	
Jan 8 2007 	it could be better	i booked two rooms in blair victoria hotel for spending my new eve year. i lived there for 5 nights with my girlfriend, his bother and a friend of our. my pourpose was visiting all day trought london and using the hotel only to sleep. and on my opinion that's good. i don't understand all the bad rewiews i read and that frightened me before arriving. i know that one room is different from another and that we had two good rooms. they were cleaned every day (exception for the cleaness under the beds: i MUST be done). receptionists were friendly. i think ik one asked them to change room they could: the proplem is the way someone asks!!! there are things that MUST change because i know that it cannot be called an hotel. first of all breakfast!!! it's not continental neither british. than sanitary (that werw cleaned in a good way all the mornings) have to be reapired. and so all windows must be checked. i think that is our duty warning receprionist of wrong things. i read about the problem o excaping in case of fire: it's a problem of all british house!!!in the end i didn't see the tudor inn but i heared by to visitors it was awfull.my opinion of blair victoria is good also for the location.dear owner i suggest you to change lot of thing and to close for some day to restructure: this should be correct towards visitors. but visitors should not complain and should choose an hotel also for the thing they want to do: fr a traveller and a tourist is a good place. but it MUST improve.domenico mombello, italia	
Dec 11 2006 	Cannot be described as a Hotel	This really is the worse hotel we have ever stayed in. We booked for one night ( 3rd December ). The photos on their website all look very pleasing, but dont be fooled like us. We arrived at 10.00 in the morning, dropped out bag off without inspecting the room. Arrived back at the Hotel at 9.00 in the evening and was given our room key - Room 7. Well what greeted us can only be described as a total slum. Our room was Tiny, Cold, Damp, Smelly. Not to mention the filth ( looked like it had not been cleaned for some considerable time ) One pillow had blood staines !!!. Well the best bit excluding the bathroom was the state of the hair dryer. The plug at some time had over heated and burnt the wire, thus exposing live wires. When I pulled the cable the wires fell out of the plug !!After complaining we were transferred to Room 16. Slightly better but still filthy, curtain rail was hanging off, bathroom was very small and really needed a good clean. The carpets and walls were dirty as was the cups, kettle, etc. Not a very nice place to spend a night. In the morning we made our way to the restaurant for breakfast. Well you had to se it to believe it. The restaurant ( if thats what it can be called ) is down a narrow flight of stairs in the basement of thebuilding. The carpets covering the stairs, like all the others withing the hotel are thread bare and filthy. But nothing compared the the restaurant. The cups, plates, knives, forks, table cloths are discusting. The dust on the chairs was so thick you could write your name in it. Check it out if you do visit this place, look for D &amp; A on one of the chairs !!We just turned around and walked out.After getting our bag we went to recepting to complain. Well the chap who denied he was the manager was totally rude and totally dismissed us as being fussy. My wife told him that we had taken photes of the filth around the place whic really did not go down very well with him. We were actualyy physically pushed out of the door and had it slammed behind us !! Can you believe it ?? a hotel pusing you out because you complain about the filth !!Well I went back into the hotel to voice my oponion about having a door slammed behind me and was then told by the chap ( who says he is not the manager ) that we are only complaining because we are Racist ???? Yes we are a White British Couple, and yes he is of Asian origin, but at no time was that mentioned or more to the point should he have accused us of being racist. Please anyone who is considering a stay in London, dont at any cost stay at this hotel. We have since been refunded our money via the booking company who we booked with. I just wish we had looked at the feedback from other Trip Advisors.	
Nov 27 2006	Never again!	I regret not having checked the reviews you had written before. We always go to this kind of B&amp;B and never had seen any like this, filthy carpet, walls, toillet, shower.We had to ask for toillet rolls, towels. Tea and coffee facilities are full of limescale, tea bags are loose (anyone can caught over, touch them...)Sheets weren´t changed for 5 nights.Our first night was terrible, some guests were drinking, smoking (It is not allowed) and fighting with the stuff, after and early flight and a long day touring the city what you need is a good sleep, don´t you? Well, it was 4 o´clock in the morning and the &quot;show&quot; was going on. When asked about what was happening, the stuff, very rude, just told me to speak to the manager in the morning...Cleaning lady came in without knocking the door.Don´t go if you want have a good time.I had forgotten it! The building is falling down, no works have been done in the past 5 years at least, What is goig to say management about this? You cannot say I was there 3 years ago and things have changed, I saw it 2 weeks ago, November 2006. Good Luck!	
Nov 9 2006 	Room Ok - Major Improvements needed	The location of the Blair Victoria Hotel is perfect, with only a 5 minute walk to the Victoria Tube, bus, and train station. You step out of the hotel door into the local area, which has many shops, including restaurants and bars - so I love the hotel for the location.The reception area and stair case needs serious maintaince, with cracks in the walls, and badly needed painted walls aswell. The people at the reception desk were friendly, and let me view the room before paying.The hotel is very good for visitors who need internet access with £5 a night WiFi access that I didn't have any problems connecting to from the hotel room.The room was small, but clean, and featured storage units, wardrobe, tv, bedside cabinet and en-suite bathroom, which appeared to be recently refitted with shower, toilet and sink.The view from the hotel room wasn't appealing, overlooking over buildings in a yard, but then it is November, and its dark by 4pm in the evening, so that wasn't a problem.The major problem for me was the noise. I was next to the staircase and I could hear every whisper, and every footstep, the walls are thin so you can hear people next door if they are noisy, or have the TV up loud.The hotel appeared secure, and yes you had to leave your doorkey with the reception, but I did not find that to be a major problem.So to recap;- hotel needs major maintaince in the reception and stair case- noisy hotel if you happen to be with noisy guests- great location- okay room with cheap WiFi	
Oct 22 2006 	Disgusting insecure smelly fleapit	What a disgusting place! Don't believe the photos they publish, my wife and son refussed to stay there after being shown the room. It was insecure, smelley and just plain shoddy and dirty.I spoke to the &quot;manager&quot; and he agreed with their comments but told me he could not refund the night they paid for as it was the booking comany's policy.Lies!!! I actually got the booking fee refunded, they told me it was the hotel who were responsible for the rest. Of course they refused when I later wrote to them.I am British and ashamed that anyone visiting England should have to stay in diabolical conditions like this, especially as it's not so cheap, there are much better places around.Take my advice folk and give this a WIDE berth and look for other places. RIP OFF merchants who deserve to be made to clean up their act before anyone stays there.	
Sep 24 2006 	what a joke	When we looked at the pictures for this hotel, it looked very nice, What a joke!!!!! it was dirty, had a funny smell, and needed a full refurbishment, thank god we only had to speand 1 night here.	
Sep 7 2006 	Bnb not a Hotel	Its a BnB of the lowest standard not a Hotel .... it should not have any rating... as it was filthy and definately the worst place I ever stayed in. The room we stayed in was nothing like what is shown on their website .. misleading advertising I would call it!! The room we stayed in was disgusting... the shower had tiles falling off .. filthy bedspread ... the view from the window was of a stone wall... then a queue to get in for breakfast in the morning ... Anyone thinking of staying here .. my advise is dont.	
Sep 3 2006 	it wasn't as bad as the reviews say!	I needed somewhere cheap and central to stay so I could go to a club, so I booked this hotel as a late-deal for £45 (for the room). To be honest, I'm not entirely sure this was a 'deal' so much as the going rate, but for the location I didn't mind paying my share. After booking the room I read the reviews here, and obviously I didn't have very high hopes. Our room was in the basement facing the street; the bed was under the window which I presume was single-glazed as the night got a little chilly and there was a bit of outside noise. But there was plenty of sheet layers to keep me warm, and I had quite a decent night's sleep. I imagine it could be quite chilly in winter. The room was small and basic. There was an open cupboard, tea-making facilities (although I wouldn't drink those open teabags if you paid me) and a telly. Wouldn't be very suitable for people there longer than one night as there wasn't any space for cases. Cleanliness was alright actually. The bathroom certainly did seem clean, and the shower (in a separate room to the bed!) really didn't seem so bad. The bathroom light had what seemed to be a 1watt bulb in though, so you had to use the facilities in the dark at night. The staff were fine. The reception is 24hrs, and although you have to hand your key in, there isn't a curfew. There was someone there when I trundled in at 3.30am the next day. I wouldn't necessarily go back there in a hurry, but for one night it was absolutely fine. Maybe a little below average, but you can't beat it for being a 5minute walk from Victoria. There's plenty more hotels around that area to check out before I consider The Blair Hotel again.	
Aug 28 2006	Dirty Hotel	This Hotel is absolutely disgusting and dirty. Everywhere was fiflthty, the only clean parts were the entrance &amp; reception, made out to decieve people. In the morning i noticed the roof in my room was leaking, and over heard other guests saying they had the same problems. They try and con you by saying that the hotel is under refurbishment written in the inroom certificate, but this is clearly a lie, as the other reviews have been bad for some time on this place.I had saw skin on arms after staying here. This place is run by Asians! They will not let you keep you're key on you, you have to hand it to reception every time you leave the building, very annoying and should not be the case with a hotel. The door to my room had a gap of about 3&quot; underneath between the carpet and door.I would say that this Hotel is not fit to be in bussiness, and should be closed down under health and safety untill it is improved and made safe. After seeing the condition of this hotel i certainly did not risk eating breakfast here, it really put me off the idea	
Aug 8 2006	The place is real bad	Positives: white bedsheets, helpful reception staff.Negatives: everything else you can ever think of.A terrible hotel worth less than £20 for double B &amp; B after considering convenient location in London. By the way, the Breakfast of B &amp; B means bread and butter only.	
Aug 5 2006	Nightmare Blair Victoria	17.7.2006Our hotel was a nightmare. We were put across the street to another motel (Golden Star) that we had booked in. People trafficing in and out all night, doorbell ringing all night.. we could not understand the purpose for a doorbell in a part of a hotel where there was no staff at all. Very small untidy rooms. For example there was not space for one small person in the toilet if the door was closed.There was nothing in the room, not even soap! Got a kettle after requesting it, but no cups or coffee or anything. Wonder if you were expected to drink directly from the kettle.Another odd feature was there was a room without number. Still the door was going all the time! Interesting feature as well was that my room had a shover in the living room! No door in front, but naturally there was a fitter carpet, that can suck a lot of water I believe..Checkout at 10.30, leftluggage at the reception costs 2.50£ per bag! Robbery especially as the shoebox rooms costs about 50£.Petri SyrjäläTampereFinland	
Jul 23 2006 	Disgusting and a fire hazard	Most of the adjectives have all ready been used, but one thing that I found most disturbing was the apparent lack of fire escapes. Three floors up a narrow threadbare staircase, carrying cases, was too much for two 65+ people, and no fast way down in an emergency. Booked and paid through Hotel Club wholesale. Never again!	
Jul 15 2006	Avoid this place!	I stayed here 1 night in 2003 with my 18-yr. old daughter &amp; her friend. We had 2 rooms, mine was a tiny single at the top of some very narrow, steep, dark stairs(no lift, we could barely get our luggage up). The girls' room was a little larger, but they did not like it at all! It was drab &amp; the bathroom sink would not work properly. If I had been by myself, I would have stuck it out for the 2 nights I had booked (&amp; prepaid!), but the girls were so unhappy thatthe next day I walked down the street &amp; found a hotel that was cheaper, nicer &amp; friendlier (also they had a lift!). The Blair Victoria refused to refund me for the 2nd night &amp; were very rude about it as well. By that point, I just wanted to get out of there &amp; never see it again. We moved down the street &amp; enjoyed our 2nd night in London in a fresh, clean hotel at a bargain rate. Avoid the Blair Victoria at all costs! There are too many decent hotels in London to put up with this!	
Jul 1 2006	The worst ever	The rooms are small, dirty, windows can not be fully closed and the bathroom is not big enough for 10 years old child. When i saw the breakfast i went to eat in fastfood!!! I've also never seen so arrogant stuff.How can they call it &quot;hotel&quot;?!? I'll never return there. Only recommend it to your enemies.	
Jun 22 2006 	The worst place I've been!!!	I arrived late at night and that was the only reazon why I stayed for that night.I was going to be there for 2 nights and even paid for them as I made a reservation on the Internet. Looking at the website the Hotel seems to be a lot better... but in fact the place is not clean at all and seems to be falling apart. It's really terrible. The rooms are way too little, the service is not very helpful and I even asked for an invoice and didn't get one. On the next morning I tried to get a refund for the second night but I couldn't get a single pennie. I only stayed there for about 12 hours and have to say it was the most awful experience I had on an hotel, and I do travel a lot! I went to another other near by to spend my second night in London. This place should be closed down as it probably is even a danger for the public health. I've never seen a place so dirty as this one! I was really badly impressed by this. To bad I didn't check this website first as I'm looking at the rewies on this Hotel and most people have the same opinion. I had to write my own and registed especially for this so I can help others not to have a so badly experience as I had.	
Jun 21 2006	everything was OK!	We spend four nights in Blair Victoria Hotel in standard quad room just a few days ago. Our group was me &amp; my wife, our daughter and her schoolfriend (both are 15 yrs old). Room was tiny, but clean. Bathroom was bit small too, it was clean anyway. Sheets and beds we're clean and good enough. Staff was friendly and price really was what we were lookin' for. So all in all, our stay there was nothig but enjoyable, and I can imagine to visit in this hotel in futere trips too.	
May 26 2006	Awful wouldn't recommend it.	We were first time tourists in London and we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in May06 and our stay at the Blair Victoria And Tudor Inn, 78-84 Warwick Way, Victoria, London Sw1v 1rz, was the only negative memory of London. This hotel was mentioned in Ryanair's webpage and we thought that this, together with the price (298Euros for 3 nights bed and continental breakfast = about £200 for 3 nights) would guarantie a certain level for a 2 star hotel.The pictures we saw in the web couldn't be more misleading. When we got to the room we didn't have towels and we had to ask for them. Our room was dirty, with big damp patches on the walls, with the paint peeling off. The worse was that we were bitten by fleas and after searching and searching I managed to find and kill a couple of them, and they were full of blood, our blood! I like to travel a lot and I have stayed in many other hotels in different cities, some of them also 2 stars.. but I have never been bitten by fleas before and I don't think the 2 star rating should justify this hotel for it's appaling level of hygiene and basic maintenance.So no, I didn't like the hotel and I would certainly not recommend it to anyone.!!	
May 11 2006	bad services	I and my husband stayed 2 nights the 5-6 of May.The room was neutral, enough clean, with cheap but not bad furnitures. The dimension was proper. The toilet was poor but clean, with hot water.The problem was ouside the room.The common spaces are badly kept, there was a wall in the stairs were the water of a broken plumb fell down. There was no taste in the furnishing.Breakfast was in an ugly room at the lower level: toast, marmelade (no jam), coffe or tea, cornflakes. Not bad, but the room, the furnishing, and the crockery were bad, unfashionable and broken (but not dirty). The second day we had breakfast ouside.We will not come back in that hotel that is not cheap enough to be so bad.	
May 8 2006	Mite-infection!!! Don't go there!	One of our company got a rash over the whole body after two nights at the hotel. After visiting a doctor well home again, the doctor concluded it was mite (a small spider-insect which digs itself under your skin and lays eggs) !! The worst thing we ever have experienced in a hotel! Well, by our definition, this is NOT a hotel!	
May 6 2006	Terrible place	Don't choose this hotel! It's dirty, our double room was too small and there was just a little narrow space between the door and the bathroom. And the window was broken, so during the night we slept with not a properly pleasent fresh air in our room. The bathroom was really really small, and there was almost never hot water! so we had to have the shower with cold water even at 7 in the morning! The room were they serve breakfast it's small too,so one morning we have to be in the queue for 30 minutes to have our breakfast!	
Apr 3 2006	nightmare	Dreadful Hotel, was nothing like advertised, double room was small with very poor en-suite facilities, I will never stop here again.	
Mar 26 2006	worst place I ever stay	I have stay there with my husband for a week in July 2003. We stay for the week because it was fully paid when we arrived. The room was so small, we didn,t have place for our luggages. The room and the bathroom was very dirty. There was holes in the sheet. The entire place had a unpleasant smell. I would not stay there again for sure.	
Feb 7 2006	Pure Hell at Blair Victoria	I stayed in this hotel over a year and a half ago. The experience was SO bad that once I discovered this site, I could hardly wait to warn anyone who would listen NOT to stay there at ANY COST!!! The room was small, dirty, and disgusting. I have stayed at hundreds of hotels all around the world and nothing comes close to how bad this place was. I have stayed in THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES with better accomadations. The worst part was how the management responded...they did not care. Please, do not go to this place...	
Jan 1 2006	Awful!	My family and I stayed a total of 30 minutes before checking out and finding another hotel. The rooms were freezing and felt unsafe, especially with children. We learned that you get what you pay for.	
Oct 4 2005	Disgrace not a hotel !!!	This Hotel is an absolute joke and must be kept away from.We booked a double room with on suite and recieved a single room with a double bed and a hole that was called an en suite.When expressing our complaint the staff they were unwilling to compromise in any way even though they own another hotel just across the road called Airways. We are totally insulted that we gave them a penny. I would not even let my pet sleep in that thing. The pictures on the site are completely unrealisic and defintly not the Blair Victoria.	
Sep 19 2005	Avoid at all costs!	Stay away from this hotel. We found it on the internet because we were looking for a hotel near Victoria Station. The actual hotel is nothing like that described on their deceptive website. The photo presented as representing the hotel is misleading: it is a photo of the whole block ...the hotel is really only one of the doorways...What a letdown after we arrived tired from a long journey. The room was like a bad college dorm room. Cheap furniture stuffed haphazardly into the tiny space...a view of a brick wall...no elevator access to the room...no air conditioning...a bathroom so tiny that you can sit on the toilet and brush your teeth in the miniscule sink at the same time. The management extracts an extra fee for any request: we asked for a map, and they wanted to charge us 2 pounds.	
Jul 18 2005	Loved the Blair Victoria	oh i had the time of my life at the Blair Victoria. As soon as we stepped through the door we were greeted by staff members who fantastic. our laugagues were taken to our rooms on arrival, we were shown the main attraction site which were nearest from the hotel. the staff member were on call 24 hours so that was very reasuring to know that someone could help us if we needed it. The best thing about this experince was the price of the rooms, all this set us back next to nothing. the rooms had everything we wanted, large and spacious. decore in the rooms were very good and didnt feel like we were in a BnB. I REALLY enjoed the experifnce. iv already booked four rooms with the Blair Victoria for this chirstmas......i recommend the Blair Victoria to anyone and everyone..ENJOY!P.S.even though this was a 3* hotel, i really think it was 5* luxary.	
Jun 25 2005	The worst hotel I have ever been	Don't pay in advance so that you are able to go looking for another hotel after you have seen your room. I can only confirm that it was really dirty, with hairs in the toilet room and on the bed. We stayed only one day and had to find another place for the rest of our vacation in london.	
Jun 23 2005	Worst I've ever seen in my life.	This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my life. I'm not sure I can describe the filth adequately with words alone. The walls were cracking, the paint on the door was peelling, the carpet was so filthy it was sticky and had runs and holes in it. The toilet and shower did not work yet the shower curtain had mold all over it. The curtains on the windows were frayed and only covered two thirds of the window. The blankets on the bed were so dingy I couldn't tell if they were clean or not so I slept without any. If I had not prepaid for the room I would have left immediately. This is a great location but I'm sure there are better rooms available for the same price. I wish I had found the reviews before I booked. Most of them are right on target. Do not stay here under any circumstances.	
Jun 21 2005	Awful!	The location is actually quite good, very near the victoria station, calm and nice neighbourhhod. Our double room however was really small, one person had to sit on the bed in order to facilitate the other to change or move around. it was really dirty and dusty, old carpets, really dirty wallpapers, bathroom small too, there were hairs left etc. So one suggestion: try to fin another hotel!!	
Jun 14 2005 	Far from the best	This is not a hotel I'd recommend for anything other than an urgent overnight stay when there's nothing available. Made from a number of houses joined together there are four different staircases and the interior is maze like - finding your room can be a challenge involving many many stairs. Small rooms and very small shower pods, but generally what you'd expect for £45 per night in central London - if you paid more than that you could have stayed elsewhere. Would get a lower rating at any price over £50I would go back if there's nowhere else nearby as the location is good.	
Jun 13 2005	what a rip off!! avoid at all costs!! utter crap!!	So disappointed. Angry that they have my cash! - the thieves! So wish I had the chance to look at the room I was staying in before paying (inwhich they overcharged me £4.00).I can't believe that they are allowed to run the hotel in the state it is in - utter embarrasssment for people around the world who would visit a hotel in London.The room was tiny!! The bathroom was the size of an areroplane toilet (no joke) and the landing areas was covered in paint - very strange indeed!I cannot believe that the picture of the hotel room on their website is actually there after reading everyone else's reviews - must be the owner's house bedroom as he obviously profitting and ripping people off!)PLEASE DO NOT VISIT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET RIPPED OFF AND STAY IN A BOX!!!The only good thing about the hotel is the area it is in - that's it!!	
Jun 8 2005	Excellent isnt a word its a statement	I did really enjoy the stay my stay at the Blair, i understand a hotel is just to sleep in but staying at the blair is a huge exprience. the rooms are very nice when i was there the rooms had just finished being rebuilt and the new rooms look very good.Their clean and highlt maintained.The staff are very friendly and helpful.Recommended!!!	
Mar 26 2005	Typical	Having read awful reviews of the place, I was wary when I got there.It wasn't as bad as I had imagined though (Arriva Hotel at King's Cross was way worse) ... we had a twin room at the &quot;Tudor Inn&quot;, obviously a part of &quot;Blair Victoria&quot;.The room was rather small but had at least two separate beds and the linen was clean (don't look to closely at the bedspread though).The carpet was ... well *ugh*, don't look to closely there either (lighting was also rather poor which sort of helped in that case) and wear shoes.The bathroom was a small plastic walled cubicle of maybe a square meter, the door hit your knees when sitting on the loo while your right food stood in the shower. Sink looked shabby, but at least no mouldy spots anywhere.And the shower actually worked alright.We booked without breakfast, something I'd recommend anybody planning to stay at Blair Victoria and Victoria Station -and with it a variety of coffee to go places- are close by.It's cheap accommodation in London so there's not much to expect anyway!	
Mar 17 2005 	close to victoria station	It was close to victoria station lots of noise from kids next door wallpaper peeling off the wall in room bed was very cold but clean plenty of tea &amp; coffee had to check out at 7a.m so did not get the breakfast I paid for which meant I had to buy breakfast somewhere else. okay for a nights stay but would not like to stay longer.	
Jan 20 2005	LOVED IT....Recommend it	The hotel lived up to everything i wanted.I booked a Double Room in december and i enjoyed evey minute of it,I dont know what has been said below but i completly enjoyed my stay.I would recommend the hotel to anyone as its value for money.The staff were very polite and helpful and gave us a great deal with sight seeing around london.Ill definatly be staying there again.	
Dec 8 2004	Hotel from Hell	The only thing I would recommend about this dump is &quot;please don't go&quot;. It should carry a government health warning. We were totally lost for words when we checked in and were shown to our rooms on December 1st. The receptionist took us to the wrong floor then tried to lead us up a flight of stairs blocked by an old bed. On the filthy, narrow stairs we had to side step a half full bucket of sour smelling water presumably from a leak, the banister on the very top floor was dangerous. The damp dirty wallpaper was hanging off in places and cracks in the plaster and brickwork was an inch wide. The non-smoking rooms we had booked stunk off cigarettes, there was ash on the sheets, the bed was ripped, the bedding smelt vile and the carpet was dirty and stained. Our friends had to clean the coat hangers before using the wardrobe, we decided to leave our things fastened up in the suitcase to stop anything nasty crawling into them, everything was covered in dust and grime. Can it get any worse? Yes it can. Bare wires, loose sockets, dirty cups in our room and the tea bags looked second hand. The tiny shower cubicle was covered in grime and grey tide marks, hairs in the shower tray and sink, four half used toilet rolls thrown on the floor and a broken toilet seat and lid.The fire alarm went of twice during the night, due to someone smoking in their room, so at least we knew that it worked okay.Then to top it all off we had mouldy toast for breakfast.Need I say more!The only decent thing about this hovel is the area it is in.	
Dec 5 2004	The dirtiest place I have ever seen	We booked this hotel through a London website, and checked out after one night. It was very dirty, no light in the bathroom, no promised English breakfast. That morning, there were several other people trying to get out of the booking. Never pay for your stay there in advance!	
Nov 9 2004	An absolute nightmare	Having just discovered this area of the website (which I only wish I had done before booking!) I am appalled at the amount of complaints regarding this hotel.We had booked to stay 6 and 7 November. As soon as we drew up in the taxi my heart sank. Going inside was no better and when shown our room, well that finished it. We immediately went back down to ask for another room (which they didn't have). We left our luggage in the room and spent the next three hours trying to find alternative accommodation. We could not find alternative accommodation for that evening but secured another hotel booking for the following evening. At this stage I could have got on the next available train home.I can't begin to think what foreign visitors must think when arriving at this hell-hole.Why it is still allowed to function is beyond me and I know I will certainly never be near the place again.	
Nov 1 2004	SCARY DINGY TOTAL RIPOFF HOTEL!	My sister and I just came back from Paris, and we took 2 days to see London.This is the worst hotel I've encountered, in all my 34 years of traveling! It is the filthiest that I've stayed in! And it is not cheap! Dirty curtains you can see once you come in (lobby). Ugly large pots of plants on tables, brochures and other printed matters all inside that cramped check-in/lobby. The rugs in all the building (lobby, stairs, room) were not even vacummed -- you can see dirt everywhere. After taking a shower, I was afraid to step on the rug! So I pulled out the bed blanket, and put it on the floor to line it. I was afraid to step on their dirty rug barefooted. The bathroom was so cramp, the sink was filthy - with dirty ring! The short shower curtain was folded twice to fit the stall, and it was also dingy with black stuffs! Because it was short, water splashes everywhere in that small space. No toilet paper holder -- it was just laid on the sink! Only two towels were provided, and two 1 x 2 inches soaps (unwrapped)! No face towels, etc.We were afraid to sleep on the bed, because of bed bugs (for sure there are, the way that hotel looked!). We used some of our personal clothings to line pillows with, and used our coats as blankets! It is completely misrepresented in their advertisement - their website lists lifts to all floors - none at all. I know this because we were placed on the 5th floor, and we had to climb it up and down each time. At our age, our knees are not that good! (we're close to age 60!). We asked to be moved to a lower floor the next morning for the second night, but the manager (Y. Patel) never showed up, to let us know what has happened to our request. The clerks didn't do their jobs either to respond to our request. They let us run our two nights reservation without letting us know about it.I was leaving a note for the manager, they did not even have clean scratch paper to use. They had to tear up a clean, blank piece of paper from other printed matters to write on! It's the worst! It shouldn't be in business at all! Complete rip-off! You can read from that manager's face (he's owner also, I think) he cares only for money! WORST, WORST, WORST! THE DIRTIEST HOTEL! Two block from there, we saw this known chain hotel (initials CI), and inquired about the rooms because my children are supposed to visit London in a few months. We saw clean, good sized, modern elevator. They let us see a sample room (two-twins), and it is only 83 pounds a night! Of course, I will send my children to this CI!We paid 234 pounds for two nights at Blair Victoria!TOTAL RIPOFF! I wouldn't recommend this hotel to any paying customers! There are other inexpensive priced hotels in London, that are also clean, decent that you are happy to come back to!NOT THIS ONE!	
Sep 6 2004 	Worst Hotel i have stayed at in the World		
Aug 1 2004	Beyond words!		
Jul 23 2004	Filthy		
Jul 6 2004	health warning!!!!		
May 19 2004	What a ripoff! London Tourist Board please close this down!		
Feb 27 2004	completely disgusting		
Feb 25 2004	Terribly disappointing		
Nov 24 2003	Very unfortunate experience		
Aug 29 2003	Never again!		
Aug 27 2009	assolutamente pessimo!		
Aug 5 2009 	sale...		
May 11 2009 	NO no no!!! Non andateci assolutamente!		
Apr 21 2009 	ni tan mal...		
Sep 1 2008 	C'è da adattarsi ma si sopravvive		
Aug 29 2008 	sehr kleines Zimmer Hotel im Warwick Way - gute Lage (Nähe Victoria- Station)		
Mar 26 2008 	Pasamos frio en invierno		
Feb 22 2008	Che schifo!!!!!		
Feb 4 2008 	Alojamiento desastrozo		
Nov 27 2007	Der absolute Horror - nie nie nie wieder		
Oct 8 2007 	Horrorrrr!!!		
Sep 17 2007 	horror en blair victoria		
Aug 18 2007	À déconseiller aux dépressifs...		
Apr 3 2007	A mettre en tête d'un hotel à fuire!		
Apr 3 2007 	arnaque		
Nov 27 2006 	Para echarse a llorar		
Nov 13 2006	vétuste et sale		
Oct 24 2006 	aà fuir absolument		
