	Another resounding thumbs up for The Halkin...	I just knew that The Halkin was going to deliver the goods when the concierge came running out of the entrance with a huge brolly to shield us from a soggy winter's night as soon as I pulled up. In a whisker our luggage was unloaded, the car taken care of, we were escorted to our room, shown around and brought a wonderful glass of complimentary bubbly. If only all hotels could be like this......There's no hustle, there's no bustle. This hotel is like a little capsule shielding you from the rat race outside. Once inside the Halkin, the thick carpets and Zen-like design seem to soak up noise, commotion and even stress. Everything just works and the staff glide around with effortless efficiency. The room was nigh on perfect; huge bed with Egyptian cotton sheets, turndown service, lights adjustable in every way imaginable, remote control unit for all the room functions next to the bed, marble bathrooms and a power shower that could knock over an elephant - sheer bliss. Breakfast is more of the same - no fuss, no buffets, no big queues, no scanning huge lists for your name, just a discreet enquiry about your room number and then you'll be addressed by name from then on as the staff go about the ballet that is your breakfast served on the finest of china with a choice of about 35 different teas. I kid you not. The other bonus is that although you're a stone's throw from Buckingham Palace and a brisk 5 minute walk to Harrods, the hotel is on is actually a rather sleepy one-way street and as such feels so much more relaxing to arrive to than the rugby scrum that awaits you inside and outside the lobby of most London hotels. The downside? It ain't cheap. But you certainly get what you pay for here.	
Nov 5 2009 	Magnificently understated	A fab hotel in a quiet street 2 minutes from Hyde Park Corner. Armani clad staff ooze understatement and discretion, the location is simply fantastic. The ambiance in relaxed and chic. Rooms sizable - even the cheap ones we stayed in (cheap is relative - we paid £270 for the night and that was without breakfast.Bathroom great, bed was heavenly, breakfast pleasant. All in all, can't wait to return.	
Oct 26 2009 	Superb	Just returned from a weekend break in London with my better half to celebrate her birthday. All I can say is that the complete experience was first class. Just as you'd expect from a top London Hotel. I was in contact with the head of concierge before our stay (Stefano Trovo) He was so accommodating to my needs. He sent me numerous emails on request detailing limo hire, restaurants, where to park etc. When we arrived we were greeted with smiling, friendly, helpful staff. We had been given a free upgrade to a suite which was apparently one of their best rooms. Our room was not quite ready so we were treated to complementary green tea with silver service. Luggage was already delivered and unpacked in our rooms by the time we were shown in. The room was superb, very stylish, very modern, and very comfortable. Everything you could ever need was provided. From 40&quot; Sony Bravia to slippers &amp; bathrobe. All mod cons, air con, digitally controlled along with lights etc. Sony home entertainment system, Como grooming products, black and white marble bathroom, fully loaded mini bar along with crisps, nuts &amp; jelly bellys, complementary bottled water.....the list goes on! The room was that good that we didn't want to leave it. The benchmark test for me for a good hotel is the quality of their club sandwich! After a quality night out at the theatre/cocktail bar we arrived back at hotel. Ordered room service at 2:30am, polite gentleman took my order. 15mins later waiter arrived with silver service again along with possibly the best club sandwich I ever tasted. Seriously, I can’t say enough about how much my girlfriend and I enjoyed our stay. The worst thing about it was leaving! The only downside for people staying in the week would be the lack of a hotel car par. You can park in the street but only for 4hrs max. All in all a quality experience not to be missed. Yes it’s pricey but you get what you pay for. To see the look on my girlfriends face when we were shown round was well....priceless. Needless to say a birthday weekend to remember. Hope this is useful to somebody. I would whole heartedly recommend this place to anybody. We are already looking to book one of their sister hotels in Bangkok for xmas/new year. Glyn &amp; Ally - Midlands	
Oct 13 2009 	My first choice in London	Halkin Hotel is my favourite hotel in London, without any doubt. The location is perfect , quiet and chic in the same time.. Walking distance to some of the major attractions in London as well the shopping opportunities of Sloane Street and Knightsbride. The staff of the hotel is really professional and they use to provide a perfect service. This time we were staying in a superior room on the fifth floor , good choice and very quiet location. The room was the on right side , just the bathroom was a little bit too small but no problems for that. Great breakfast , did not try to Nihm restaurant for Dinner. In a city full of so many hotel my frst choice is always the Halkin Hotel. Strongly recommended	
Oct 13 2009 	Comfortable	A friend and I enjoyed a 1 night stay here, paying £329 for a Belgravia suite.I'm not sure about its value for money, but it was certainly the nicest hotel I've stayed at in London.The location is central yet quiet, rooms swish without being chintzy.The day rooms if anything were a little too quiet, not so good for people watching.The hotel is opposite the Caledonia Club which caters for weddings etc and caused a major noise nuisance until midnight.Would stay again if someone else was paying..	
Sep 23 2009 	Lovely quiet oasis	First of all I shoud say I have no idea of the cost so cant not make a call on its value for money. All I can say is that from the moment we stepped out of the cab and the bags were taken from our hands it was a lovely albeit short stay. Very calm and peaceful . Contemporary design with an Asian feel, slightly bland in places but not an issue obviously. Elisabeth on reception was quiet charming and (as it was our wedding anniversary) upgraded us to a Belgravia Suite which was a great size and the bathroom huge. (bigger that some of the travellers photos Ive seen posted). Lovely toiletries and some wonderful lavender scented bath salts! We were also given two complimentary glasses of champagne. I can not fault the room in anyway nor the service. We did not eat or drink there but did take breakfast and again the service was exemplary and menu broad as you would expect in this calibre of hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	Amazing in every way	Arriving into the Halkin is a moment in itself, as soon as you walk in you know youve come somwhere special.It's in the heart of one of the nicest places in London. I took my girlfriend for her 21st and it didnt dissapoint. I ordered a bottle of champagne to our amazing room on arrival and it was up within seconds. With a flat screen TV with all sky channels and a great big bath in the bathroom i was listening to sky sports via the amazing speakers in the bathroom.The restaurant in the hotel &quot;Nahm&quot; which has a michelin star, is out of this world, being a lover of Thai food i was very very impressed and never eaten Thai like it (apart from in thailand) you will simply not regret staying here and eating in Nahm, i know its pricey, but we all have got to splash out every once in a while havent we?Outstanding	
Sep 15 2009 	A gem in the heart of London	For a three-day-trip to London we decided to stay at the Halkin Hotel. The main reason was its &quot;Nahm&quot;-Restaurant, which Thai food is a class of its own and worth the visit.The hotal itself is in a quiet sideroad of Belgravia with a short walking distance to Hyde Park, the Palace and Knightsbridge and the City. The location seems nearly perfect to us.The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms are not as spacius or stylish as you might exspect from the pictures, but they are very fine with a huge bathroom. The breakfast takes place in the restaurant, all will be served, you will not have to go to a boring buffet - the quality of the food is superb.We suggest the limousineservice from the airport - its just 50% more expensive than taxi, but the ride with a Mercedes S is worth the fun.	
Sep 14 2009 	Beautiful Halkin	Had a wonderful stay at the Halkin (midweek). I booked the hotel dirrectly and the reservation staff were very helpful and friendly. My partner and I arrived after work, checked in and was shown around the Balgravia suite, a lovely upgrade. Room was spacious without being cavernous, chic but functional. We did not have dinner at the Thai restaurant (I have eaten there before and enjoyed the experience- dont go expecting traditional Thai food) Breakfast in the morning was very nice, all that you expect it should be. The Hotel is just off a very busy part of London but once you turn down the street the hotel is on its becomes a lot quieter. The hotel and its staff have a lot of charm and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who requires a little class.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Hotel Great Staff	I stayed at The Halkin while traveling on business to London. It was the perfect hotel for my needs as a single traveler, I loved the sense of security I felt while at The Halkin. The location was excellent, very close to all of my business meetings and near enough to the sites of London too. I had one of the best meals ever at Nahm. If you have the time, be sure to vist the Nahm, you will be glad that you did. I understand that the Fitness Center is new, and it felt that way with the lastest cardio equipment. I will certainly be returning to The Halkin on my next trip to London	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect Romantic Birthday Getaway	I can not be excessive in my reccommendation of The Halkin for a lovely romantic getaway in the heart of London. It is perfectly located on a quiet street in one of the busiest parts of one of the busiest cities in the world- just behind Buckingham Palace, and it masters it perfectly.It was originally meant to be a birthday surprise for my partner, but the word got out! Which is good, because she took advantage of setting up a few things prior to our arrival. She arranged with the hotel the week before our booking to place some beautiful little fabric hearts on the bed, as well as some American chocolates i sent her on the tables. The staff member she arranged this with was courteous and was sure he understood the request and promised it would be done.The day we were due to arrive at the hotel, we telephoned in advance to warn them that the airline had lost my luggage, so to expect its delivery to the hotel. They were more than happy to handle this stressful issue for us, and informed us that the room would be ready for us before the usual check in time.When we did arrive, the luggage hadn't, but we checked in, asked them to put our bottle of champagne on ice, and informed that the hotel was providing a complimetary bottle, as it was a special occasion. We were shown to our room personally, and offered the tour, but we decided to have a look ourselves. The room was beautiful and spacious, with a Kingsize bed as promised. On the bed, the hearts were laid out beautifully- please see the picture! This was the beginning of a wonderful stay, and a sign that The Halkin is definately top class.A lovely seating area, hidden cupboards and a beautiful bathroom made the Deluxe room, on the 4th floor, in a corner as requested, perfect for our needs. The room was very quiet, with windows overlooking the quiet treelined street.After exploring the room and scratching our heads as to where the minibar was, we went out to lunch at the very first Hard Rock Cafe which was a short walk from the hotel. After returning with half the Hard Rock Shop in our bags we tested out the bed with a lovely fulfilling nap. So, after ruffling the bed, we took a bath in the lovely large bath. The only thing we would have liked, is that the bath be slightly wider to better accommodate us both.We were running early for dinner so stopped in the hotel bar for a quick drink, where the bar tender handmade my partner a Strawberry Daiquiri, which she said was beautiful. On our return from dinner, we telephoned the hotel to ask about the luggage, still no sign. We asked them to have our champagne in the room for our return.When we did return the concierge asked what we would like to do if the luggage arrived in the middle of the night, we asked that they telephone us and then send it up at whatever time it arrived. Returning to our room, we found that our champagne was there, and the bed had been turned down beautifully.Shortly thereafter we received a call that the luggage had arrived and they promptly brought it up.In the morning we called for room service breakfast, which was brought to us beautifully presented with our complimentary bottle of champagne on ice. We called down again and requested some additional bits and pieces, which were provided promptly. The food was delicious, the orange juice perfect, the coffee of great quality.After all this we packed and requested help with luggage, which was handled courteously. When we checked out, we requested our luggage to be held while we popped out for half an hour. On our return we asked the concierge to arrange a Black Cab for us to take on an impromptu sightseeing tour of London on the way to the station. The concierge must have gone right out to the main road to physically hail us a cab!All in all we had a wonderful time, wonderful service and we were not looked at strangely when we were a same sex couple checking in together!The only negative thing we can say was that the air conditioning in our room didn't seem to cool the room enough. But we informed the staff, and just asked that they look into it for the next guests.	
Jul 27 2009 	Central and quiet location fine and classy hotel	The Halkin was for our family (two adults and a teen) the ideal hotel for a sightseeing trip to London. It is conveniently located (near Hyde Park and The Harrods) but in a quiet neighbourhood (Belgravia), and the next tube station is not even five minutes away.The hotel is rather small, but has a good Thai restaurant (1 Michelin star rated), a nice bar and also a fitness centre. We didn’t visit the latter, but we went to the restaurant where we enjoyed very good, authentic food. We also had delicious breakfasts in the same place (no buffet but a menu with a broad selection).Our room was a studio suite offering far enough space for the three of us. It was modernly furnished and had a very comfortable, not too soft bed, furthermore it was equipped with a (not too efficient) air-condition. Through the window you had a look on the garden of the adjacent apartment house. The bathroom wasn’t very spacious but had all the necessary items in it (separate shower).All in all, the Halkin is a very good choice for a stay in London and breakfast there is hardly to beat.	
Jul 21 2009 	A true gem	This has to be one of the best hotels in London!It's so close to central London, but as soon as you step into the Halkin you're transported into a world of calm. The atmosphere is very quiet, relaxed and elegant.We stayed in a Deluxe Room, which offered plenty of space for two and was so comfy and lovely - I didn't want to leave! The bathroom was huge, and the COMO Shambhala products are addictive.For dinner we treated ourselves to a meal at Nahm, the hotel's Thai restaurant. The food was superb and (considering it's a Michelin-starred restaurant) reasonably priced.Breakfast was also served in the restaurant, but as we were the only guests having breakfast, it felt a bit empty. I would definitely opt for the room service breakfast next time.And just a final word about the service: fantastic!I'm hoping to be back soon.	
Jul 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Ever since I saw and article on the Halkin in the 1990s, I had wanted to stay here. Unfortunately, the hotel had always been well out of my price range. That was until the recession, the short lived strength of the dollar and winter travel season meant some excellent rates were finally available.The service is very good and check in was personalized and the bellman took the time to show me how all of the gadgets in the room worked. The bed was huge and comfortable with bedside controls for the lighting and heating and the like. Closets were huge as was the room itself. Free internet is available through the television which was nice for those of us who do not like to lug a laptop on vacation. The hotel was quite cutting edge when it was built and they have done a good job of keeping up with the times. The complementary movies and music available through the TV was a nice touch. The bathroom was very large with a separate shower and heated floors.The thing that really struck me about the hotel was the craftsmanship that went into its construction. The interior of the building but especially the rooms is simply beautiful. Unlike a lot of design hotel built today, this hotel is not trendy and the style looks as appropriate today as the day it opened.Service is excellent - attentive without any hovering.I think the location is great for the target guest. I am normally a four star hotel guy who likes a pub and a corner shop to nip into afterward. Those things are in short supply around here and the staff does not really have a very good idea as to where you might find such things. My guess is that it is because they usually aren't asked some questions. The normal guest here has a lot more money than I do. You will find coffee shops and take away to be a bit of a walk away. Again, this is not the neighborhood where you would normally find such things.So would I stay here again? If I could afford it, I might choose it for a romantic weekend. Otherwise I would probably pick another spot. This is no fault of the hotel whatsoever. While never meant to feel unworthy here, this hotel is simply of such a very high class that it does not really fit my traveling style. Great hotel though and I would highly recommend it to anyone for whom it matches their style.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very good as it should be at the price	I stayed here with my wife for one night on a shopping trip to London and am happy to recommend the hotel.The rooms are good size, with a comfortable bed. The bath is very deep, and there is a seperate shower. The rooms are stylishly designed and add somthing special to your stay.The entrance and reception areas is quite small, and a little under staffed. The service was attentive, but not excellent, staff were often fully occupied taking phone calls. We used the Nahm restaurant which we could recommend. It is the only Michelin starred Thai restaurant. Excellent service, and somthing a bit different.The hotel is located reasonably close to Hyde Park and the Kensington shops in a quiet street.We have also stayed at the Soho Hotel, and think that you would prefer that hotel if you wanted to feel in the thick of things, it has a buzz that the Halkin misses, and you can walk out straight in to Soho. On the other hand Halkin is quieter, and has much the better restuarant.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not as good as I had hoped	I had high expectations and the hotel did not meet them. For the money the room was tired the service on check in not great and lack of facilities a shame. For the money I would and have stayed else where since.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Myself, my wife, and our 16 year old daughter and 12 year old daughter just spent 8 nights at the Halkin. First, many months ago when we were searching for hotels we first stipulated that we needed to be in a great location in London, and after shopping many of the top 100 hotels in Mayfair, Green Park, Oxford Street, and Knightsbridge, the Halkin was quick to respond to our inquiries with a reasonable offer for a &quot;jr suite&quot; connected to a &quot;1 bedroom&quot; - the two connecting rooms were perfect for our family. When I say reasonable, of course we had to &quot;close our eyes&quot; to crazy London prices, but at least they discounted from &quot;list prices&quot; versus many other hotels that did not want to flinch. Anyways, upon arrival the service was friendly and professional, and all staff were eager to help... if we asked &quot;is their a gym downstairs&quot;... they said &quot;come with me, let me show you the gym&quot;; when we checked in the room they did not include in their standard ammenities a flat iron and ironing board... but when we called to inquire- within 4 minutes one was delivered to our door... and ditto- there was not &quot;in room coffee&quot;, and we travel with our own instant coffees we bring... but we called to inquire about a hot water heater and some mugs.. and again within minutes delivered to the room was a hot water heater and mugs. One time during the week, I screwed around with the TV settings- I was programming way into the menu settings and screwed up the TV and Computer relationship (TV is connected to interactive computer) and could not get the video on the TV (only the audio). When we left the room that day, I left message at front desk that TV was broken- but for them to send someone who really knows the programming (and I had feeling they could not fix)... and upon returning later in day... presto it was fixed. In passing, and very candidly later in the week my wife said &quot;this hotel is quick, on the ball, they hop right away&quot;. So, service is A++. Room was just fine, modern amenities in an old city; including large all marble tiled bathroom with modern fixtures, super hot water and high pressure shower heads. Clean, no signs of wear and tear, or of previous guests finger-prints, crumbs, etc. Not super spacious, but again as London Hotels go, it was bigger than most. Room was quiet, although we saw many newspapers hanging from other doors in hallways, we never heard other rooms or guests while we were in our room. So, great service, modern &amp; clean room... but the huge bonus is location, location, location! 2 blocks from Hyde Park subway stop- we came straight away from Heathrow with our carry-on bags (4 people with 4 bags). About 7 minute walk to Harrods (walk out front door to the left, cut straight across Belgrade square and continue to West. And on way toward Harrods, find trendy Montcomb street with great boutique grocery store, Starbucks, and about 4-5 restaurants. Around these neighborhoods between Halkin and Harrods, I have never seen so many Mercedes, BMW, Rolls Royce, Bentleys, Ferrarri, Lamborgini... and many more just parked out on street in open (not garaged). My 16 year old daughter was taking her picture next to each prize find. Also, only about 6 minutes (3 blocks) up to Knightsbridge... family eating at &quot;Pizza on the Green&quot; or &quot;The Spagetti House&quot;. Many shops too. In the morning, wake up and run two blocks to huge Hyde Park- for nice 3-4 mile jog around park circumference. Or just enjoy during day. My 12 year old did 1 hour horse back rides in Hyde Park a few times during the week.And we ate one night at Nahm Thai in-house restaurant; I loved the food- I thought unbelievable array of flavors... my 16 year old also liked (but 12 year old and wife have not yet acquired taste for &quot;non-bland Iris cooking&quot; so this was lost cause trying to please them before we even set foot inside). Great restaurant, pricey but definitely worth the experience.We are almost never happy with our hotel rooms when we travel, even after researching, the arriving to be dissappointed. But this time we were pleasantly surprised and very satisfied. Hope it does not move any further up Trip Advisor rankings because the secret will be out...	
Apr 22 2009 	The Leading Small Hotels of the World (02LHW09) The Como Oasis in London!	We had flown from Dublin to London/Heathrow with BMI ( British Midlands ) on a mid-morning flight which was very nice as we had expected it to be. After our flight we have collected our luggage and afterwards had taken the Tube ( Underground ) to Hyde Park Corner - from here The Halkin is only around a five ( 5 ) minute walk away. We had stayed at this magnificent little gem of a hotel between the 18th of April and the 20th of April 2009. The Halkin is located at the optimal named Halkin Street just two streets behind the Lanesborough Hotel, but unlike the Lanesborough, The Halkin is in a very quiet and romantic - less busy - area. Having said that the location is just optimal because on the one side Harrods, Harvey Nichols and Sloane Street are only a 5 to 10 minutes walk away to the left side of the Hotel entrance and to the right is Mayfair and Hyde Park. Just amazing situation, Folks! That' s what we call walking London. We had arrived at the hotel at around 12 noon, but couldn' t check-in, because our room was not ready yet. No problemo for us because in the meantime we had lunch at the Creperie at Harrods on the 3rd floor instead, just wonderful - think beautiful presented crepes incl. Pear Helena and others plus hot chocolate and british cloudy apple juice - highly recommended. At around 14: 00 pm we had now checked into our Superior Double room no. 402 for 2 nights / 3 days. As complimentary welcome drinks - which we could choose - we had taken freshly pressed orange juice for two. This was a very nice and welcoming touch. Our luggage was already there in the room. The room was large and very very well presented to us in a condition which can only be described as superb in every way. Here is what we found, Folks: a superb large bed with raw organic silk covering and finest linen, extra fluffy bed, Large LCD TV by Sony Bravia incl. the following channels out of a choice of 63 incl. CNN, Sky News, Sky Sports 1, 2, 3, Xtra, CNBC, BBC 1, 2, 3, 4, News 24 and many many more plus Bloomberg - also TV channels from Japan, Germany, France and the Middle East - superb choice. The TV had also a built-in Juke box with hundreds of music tracks from around the world to choose from plus radio stations and free Internet access. We had a very cosy - club style - lounge area with white/cream leather chairs and black coffee table, free water from Wales, coasters, stirrers and an ice bucket. We had three telephones in all incl. one corldless phone on the writing main desk. Our room incl. also the following: 6 light sources, writing paper, envelopes, pens, fully stocked mini-bar incl. Voss water from Norway, Grey Goose Vodka plus Snow Queen Vodka, Lucozade Energy drinks, Tyrrells Crisps, Hendrick' s Gin, Bombay Saphire Gin, Juices from Sunraysia - Australia - incl. Cranberry, apple, mango and orange - all reasonable priced like for example the Voss water was 4 £ Sterling and the juices had been also 4 £ Sterling each. We had also exotic black and brown polished lacquered wooden furniture - think Thailand or Asia as a whole -, the mini-bar was also very well intergrated inside the main wardrobe. We also have found 18 hangers in the wardrobe, 24h laundry service, 24h butler service - via button -, 24h room service menu, Turn-down services available each day until 22:00 pm with 2x free water provided ( still ). The hairdryer by Revlon was located in the night table, also there had been on our room architectural prints on the wall near the writing desk and the lounge area in the corner, our view outside the window was into an private romantic english garden - backside of the Halkin - this view was just nice away from the more busy areas which normally is the norm in a city like London. We also had an Airconditioning + Butler + Light panel display built into the wall, Special suit boy hanger which holds a formal jacket and trousers, we enjoyed the highly discreet and professionell but friendly service at the Halkin. The Halkin was our first Como operated hotel and co-incidently it was also the first Como Hotel when it first opened in 1991 - The Halkin is the sister hotel to the Metropolitan London and Bangkok plus a few other hotels throughout the world on fine selected locations incl. exotic Bali and Bhutan. The Halkin is also a member of The Leading Small Hotels of the World. The Como Hotel group was founded by Singaporean enterpreneur Christina Ong and is also based on the exclusive Como Shambala concept - a cross between healthy and meaningful lifestyle - which also included Como Shambala Urban Escape Spas and a beauty line of fine products based around the same concept. All in All and integrated lifestyle concept which happens to include some of the best hotels, spas and restaurants in the world. Moving now on to our bathroom, Folks! We found the following incl. fine marble all the way in shades of grey, black and brown, separate bathtub - deep - and shower - large - good pressure - in both! There was also a nice sink, enough space for cosmetic products, we had a stunning 4 bathrobes plus towels of various sizes which all had been white and fluffy - comfortable - simply sublime. The bathroom amenities came all from the Como Shambala Signature line of products incl. Shampoo, Hairconditioner, soap, shower gel, body lotion, sponge, shower cap and oriental porcelain wear for the toothbrushes and the Kleenex. Once again we have to say, all in all a most perfect bathroom in terms of space and quality. All Como Shambala products were also available to buy in larger sizes incl. all beauty products plus the Halkin branded umbrella, shopping bag and even the laundry bag can be bought in the hotel. This hotel comes in highly recommended from us because it really was and is faultless to the point that one of us had birthday on the 19th of April 2009 - him - and the Halkin delivered unexpectantly a full-sized bottle of Louis Roederer Champagne as a real birthday gift. Simply sublime drinking for two days! Such gestures make a good hotel great! On the first night we had availed of the room service which was as you and we had expected just perfect incl. Prawn sandwich, The signature Halkin Burger with fries, water - large bottle from Wales -, superb tasting chocolate ice cream! The food was superb and the service was prompt even the removal of the room service dinner table was within 5 minutes of calling! Our breakfast on both occassions in the morning where full english - but on the lighter and healthier side than usual - which was superb! The breakfast was served at the famous Nahm Restaurant - 1 Michelin Star - David Thompson - Executive Chef - Troy Sutton - the service even at breakfast was discreet and exact. They did even know that we really like cherry yoghurt without telling them, they simply delivered! Magic! This is our Como Oasis in the heart of London! We had also superb Thai Dinner at the NAHM restaurant on the evening of the 19th of April 2009 - his birthday - see our separate review on tripadvisor - under NAHM RESTAURANT -! Here comes the Bar at the Halkin which is on the front of the hotel beside the lobby and the concierge, once again a very good example how things should be! The Bar incl. one old fashioned - modern - in tune with the hotel, the halkin breeze - is excatly what the Halkin is - you simply want more / cocktails or nights that is, Folks! The Cappuccino was perfect and frothy plus the Mango juice was also judged perfect. The Bar has the atmosphere of the rest of the hotel a lot of light colours, organic silk, nice and chic tables to go with, just like the rest of the hotel - chic and meaningful without the undue fussiness. In our opinion the hotel was relaxing, modern, oriental, inspiring, thai, asian, fresh, outside the norm and timeless with the right amount of services and luxuries for it' s class. A perfect example what a hotel can be, when it wanted it to be! The Halikin has 41 rooms and suites and suitable for business, pleasure, couples and even families - they got adjoining rooms -! This was our very very nice stay for 2 nights / 3 days at the famous Halkin Hotel London - Part of the Como Hotelgroup. We also recommend a visit to the Design Museum London - which we had also done - perfect! Birthday' s and other days we and you should once again choose the Halkin in future for a very perfect stay in the heart of London. Do not forget to FLY, STAY, EXPLORE! MORE!After our stay we once again are back in Dublin with BMI. - superb -!	
Apr 15 2009 	brilliant London Hotel	I was privileged to stay here although I live in the city. I love hotels and this was a treat You cant beat the service and room comfort, the best beds in the hotel world great linen outstanding amenities. The staff are phenomenal, well done Ms Ong you have one extremely good team!The reception could do with a touch of paint the paint effect is a little dated, but with great rooms and service you look beyond this small detail	
Apr 1 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed at Halkin just for a day in mid March and we loved it! Staff is fab very kind and helpful. Rooms are modern, clean and comfortable. The hotel is small but has a cozy and very relaxing atmosphere. Location is great-- despite the non-stop drizzling weather we enjoyed walking at Knightsbridge. Definitely going back!	
Mar 18 2009 	Lovely stay and great food	I usally don't choose smaller hotels for my trips to London, however having read about the Halkin recently I though I will give it a try. The Halkin is an intimate hotel, stylish with a great atmosphere in a quiet side street around the corner form Hyde Park, almost hidden away. The service is friendly and sincere and no request was left un-answered. The high light was definitly my dinner in Nahm, the Michelin Starred Thai restaurant - apparently the first one in Europe. Having been to Thailnad on several occassion my expectations were high and I wasnt disappointed. The menu is very authentic and the food prepared to a very high standard. The waiters are knowledgable and assist you with the selection of food. Even a simple dish of fresh fruit for dessert was an experience. I had a great stay at the Halkin and will definilty return.	
Feb 11 2009 	Very very good.	I have stayed at some stellar hotels in my time, and this definitely ranks up there. The hotel is intimately preented, and the staff have really been drilled on the essence of customer relations. The souble room myself and my partner stayed in was very clean and comfortable, if not a little on the &quot;cozy&quot; side. A very relaxing experience all the same.	
Jan 29 2009 	Cute Cosy and great price for what you get	The Halkin provides really spacious and nice rooms rooms for the price especially in London. It is a small hotel but has a decent gym and good service. The lobby is rather bland but once you step out of the elevators to go to the rooms it is a lot more interesting.The rooms are very modern and have and interesting architecture to them. The bed is extremely comfortable and the bathroom very spacious.I love the location as wellIt is definitely my go to place when visiting London and not wanting to pay a fortune for a hotel.	
Jan 1 2009 	GREAT	Simply perfect in any possible way. Great beauty items in the bathroom. Ralaxing: what London requires.	
Nov 28 2008 	super duper	London, Belgravia, Full five star. This could have been the whole review. However, here's a few more.The hotel is relatively small giving you the impression of a more personal service. Front desk staff is polite and effective. Hardware relatively new. The rooms are well designed, and give you the feeling of relaxation. Their size is ok, typical london hotel room but of well implemented luxury. Marble bathrooms exceptionaly clean and shiny.The address is quiet, although you are in the heart of London. Everything is close by. Shopping, eating, walking etc. Very easy to find your way around.Do not leave unless you try the restaurant. Simply excellent.	
Nov 20 2008 	Very special Hotel	I did not know about this hotel, but i thinki everuone should, as it is so good, i wish i could stay there all the time!I did not know Belgravia, but it is a very fancy part of London, with only the best resturants and shops. It is close to Kightsbridge and the Hyde Park, but feals like a little village.The Halkin looks like a house, but inside is so luxirious, you will be so happy to stay here. I loved the bed and the funny shaped walls, it was great to be somewhere diffrent.The staf were very formal, and knew alot about the area. They also helped me find a resturant with Ababic food, becaus ei don't like English food. The staff look so smart, and are so kind	
Nov 16 2008 	Lovely	We stayed at the halkin for two nights everything was great the reception staff the entrance the bar the room... the bed it was one of the most confortable i've ever sleeped on!!!!! the room was lovely the bathroom very nice i cannot complain about anything in this hotel as it was everything PERFECT i would reccomend it to anyone traveling to london very near to the tube of hyde park corner knigthsbridge area... great stay	
Sep 15 2008 	Now we are cooking!	My fiancee booked one of the Thai cookery courses that the hotel does so we decided to stay for the weekend. The hotel website is easy to use and does some special deals.We stayed in a superior room which was a perfect size for 2 nights. The room was very comfortable and peaceful and the staff very efficient and friendly. We particularly liked the waiter at breakfast who reminded us of Jimi Mistry of Guru and East is East fame.The shower was good and the products were great. The staff were excellent and assisted us with a booking at Benares on the second night. Although we wished we had eaten at Nahm as we found Atul Kotcher's restaurant disappointing. And we have eaten and cooked a lot of curries in our time. But that would have been greed as we had lunch there that day and the cookery course!The cookery course was excellent and the lunch following it was superb. Yum yum!A definite recommendation from us and we will be back sooner rather than later. An early Xmas shopping trip beckons me thinks!	
Jun 20 2008	An Old Friend...	Oh my old friend...I came to you first in the early 90's as a blossom eyed young buck who thought he would rule the world. I felt so sexy back in those days in my skinny pants and tight shirts. Sitting next to Bono in the lobby bar. Watching as you snuck out celebrities into the back alley. Feeling a bit like a celebrity myself. It was all so decadent. You were so wonderful before...and if longevity is the cornerstone of true excellence in a hotel you are by far one of the great hotels of the world. I salute you. Because as great hotels have opened left and right in London, and perhaps taken some of the celebrities with them, you still shine as brightly as you did 15 years ago. Perhaps better. As for me, and those who have stayed here for years, not only has the hotel aged gracefully in a modern sense - it retains the same essence and beautiful scent that makes for nostalgic reminiscence every time I walk through the door. The Halkin was always, and still is, completely flawless, It easily ranks as one of my top 10 hotels in the world. And for me London is just not London If I am not peering out my window on an early rainy morning to watch the effervescent stodginess of stodgy little Belgravia. And opening those special heavy room doors for another day in giddy London. The Scorpion.....	
Jun 19 2008 	Quiet 	I had to attend a party in Belgrave square . I looked at various hotels around but decided to stay here because of its location. Considering where it is i was amazed at how little traffic passes through here &amp; hence this is a quiet road.Everything about the hotel is discreet , from the simple exterior to the service. The room was very comfortable with lovely marble bath &amp; i very much liked the decor in the bedrooms which was well designed &amp; uncluttered . This was a hotel that didnt feel busy or rushed, everything seemed to be correct &amp; worked as it should. We slept very well , the bed was very comfortable &amp; i did not hear any noise from outside.Our breakfast of eggs &amp; bacon was piping hot and served efficiently.This place is for those that prefer a mercedes to a ferrari.!!! If you cant work this out, dont stay.	
May 22 2008	Amazing Hotel	This hotel is incredible in every way. Quiet and luxurious, with a friendly and helpful staff, in a great location (on a quiet and charming street, but only blocks away from the Hyde Park Corner tube stop) and fabulous rooms that are high tech but not overly trendy. Great linens and super soft heated towels, and their bathroom products (COMO, I believe) are also wonderful. Honestly one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in.	
Apr 22 2008 	Posh hotel in quiet yet convenient location	The Halkin is one of those exclusive hotels where people tend to speak in hushed tones and are surprised to see other hotel guests. Overall, a great hotel with an extremely accommodating staff. Initially, I was in a Deluxe Corner room on the 5th floor, and the room seemed a little smaller that I had expected, but with an amazing bathroom. Unfortunately, I had a fly buzzing about the room and the toilet didn’t flush very well, so I spoke to the front desk and was put in a Studio Suite, which was rather spectacular. The level of response from the front desk was really amazing. It seems they were calling me every five minutes to make sure things were OK.The bathrooms have heated floors and towel racks, and the Como Shambala toiletries are by far the best I have ever come across. The suite had a separate bath and shower. Overall, a great hotel with beautiful decor, if a bit on the quite side. However, the location is just a few steps off Hyde Park Corner and a short walk/cab ride to Victoria Station, and most of Mayfair and Knightsbridge is within easy walking distance. Obviously, this is a very expensive hotel, but if you can afford it or get a good deal, it's well worth the pampered stay.	
Apr 13 2008 	perfect	Perfect in every way. I booked the halkin, for my wife's 30th birthday on recomendation. The hotel is tucked away, near all the embassies. the rooms are luxurious, with really comfortable beds,the restaurant ( Nahm is lovely). What really sets this hotel apart from the rest is the concierge. I had a list of things i wanted to book for the birthday trip and all i did was sent them an email with a list and they did the rest, They sorted out horse riding in hyde park, private cabins on the london eye, tickets to phantom of the opera, and private dining in some of london's finest restaurants. I barely had to lift a finger. Stefano, Diego and Justin really looked after us. if you want a taxi from the hotel they go outside, find one and bring it to the front of the hotel too, Justin even queued up outside the british museum from 6 am to get us tickets for the terracotta army at the british museum. Perfect. Go. Enjoy.	
Dec 17 2007 	Excellent Location; Small Quiet Modern Hotel	Overall I really liked The Halkin. It is on a quiet street in Belgravia and within walking easy walking distance to Sloane Street, Harrods and Beauchamp Place. I loved the bed, as well as the electronic control of the lighting and temperature. Turndown service was great. Minor problems: the closet doors were hard to open and shut and not very convenient for putting clothes in and getting them out. The small flat screen TV was not ideally situated in terms of viewing from the bed. The bathroom was great because it had windows (I had a corner room) and you could listen to the TV in there, but the showerhead was not adjusting as it should have, and the towels were not very fluffy. Also, the room was a bit cold, even after putting the heat on maximum, although that is kind of typical in London. I did not like the Como shambala bath products. Hyde Park Corner underground is five minutes away by foot.	
Nov 6 2007	A very private jewel --a bit unpolished	It is difficult to make up my mind about the Halkin, where i have stayed 3 times. What's excellent is the small size of the hotel and the huge size of my deluxe rooms, the Thai restaurant and the immediate access to Nobu in the sister hotel Metropolitan. What is less than excellent is the bathrooms-huge, very design and very luxurious but impractical. You can hardly go in and out the bathtub and the separate shower dispenses water to the entire floor. Service is a bit erratic, though overall good though not for a 380 pound a night hotel.	
Oct 5 2007	Fantastic	I recently spent a few days in a Belgravia Suite at the Halkin. It was simply my best hotel stay in London so far.Greeted with truffles from Charbonnel et Walker, fruit, fresh orange juice and water. Large and very comfortable room with a separate sitting area, superior technology (Hi and Wifi, lighting), brown marble bathroom with separate shower, excellent toiletries from Como Shambhala, bath salts, two types of robes, etc. Good turndown service.I had lunch and dinner at Nahm, and both were excellent (service a little stiff). Breakfast (à la carte) was unusually good for London: really fresh juice (this is getting rare in hotels), honeycomb, good jams, muesli from Southern Alps, excellent egg-white omelette, loose-leaf tea.The hotel has no spa but I walked (about ten minutes) to the Metropolitan and used the spa there. It is nothing special (very 1990s, rather small and in the basement) but I was told they plan to build a new spa on the top floor.I had almost given up on luxury hotels in London but I loved my stay at the Hakin: Asian restraint + Italian style + good location + quiet.	
Sep 22 2007 	Complete Luxury	I recently enjoyed a five day stay at The Halkin in London. The Halkin is located in Belgravia, one of London's most exclusive neighborhoods, just a two and a half block walk to Hyde Park. You can walk from The Halkin to Harvey Nichols or Harrod's department stores in about five to ten minutes. The Hyde Park Corner Underground station is two and a half blocks from the front door of the hotel...this is very convenient because you can take the Underground's Picadilly Line directly from Heathrow Airport to the Hyde Park Corner station in about 45 minutes and then walk to the hotel...The Underground will cost you only 3 or 4 pounds (if you have an Oyster card) versus 40-50 pounds via taxi. Then again, people who stay at The Halkin probably are not too concerned with saving money, given that rooms start at about $500.00 per night.I stayed in a King Double room which is the lowest price room at The Halkin. My room was on the fifth floor, the top floor of the hotel. The fifth floor is popular because the rooms there have curved ceilings which give the space a very dramatic, architectural quality (I've posted pictures so that you can see). My room also had a rather large amount of custom wood panelling that had a minimalist aesthetic. The bathroom had loads of beautiful black marble with an inlay on the floor. The furnishings in my room were tasteful and in very good condition (in fact, the room looked almost brand new). Lighting is controlled by an electronic panel on the wall which also has buttons that you press to let housekeeping know that you don't want to be disturbed, or, conversely that you'd like the room to be made up. There are touch screen displays on each side of the bed which allowed me to control the lighting without even having to get out of bed. Very nice.The staff was courteous and professional. I only ate breakfast in the restaurant, but the food was great. In fact, someone told me the restaurant is considered one of the best in town.I only have two complaints about The Halkin: The Halkin is the sort of place where guests dress as though they are either about to head out to Harrods for an afternoon of power shopping or about to have lunch at the country club before hitting the links for a round of golf. On the other hand, I tend to dress extremely casually. Don't get me wrong, I'm not one of these people who wears sweatsuits everywhere...but I do live in a pair boots, a pair of jeans and a hip t-shirt. I felt uncomfortable at The Halkin because I was dressed so much more casually than any other person there. My second complaint concerns noise in the hotel. It has been noted that The Halkin borders an ongoing construction project. This is true. And yet, I never heard a peep from the construction even though my room overlooked the construction site. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said about the housekeeping closet which was located directly across the hall from my room. Unlike most hotels in which the housekeeping staff pushes a cart from room to room, housekeeping staff at The Halkin keep supplies in a closet and walk back and forth between the rooms they are working in and the closet containing supplies. This meant that every morning, all morning long, I heard the housekeeping staff rummaging around in that closet and opening and closing the door to that closet. And yes, it was loud enough to wake me. I feel sure I was the only room on my floor disturbed by this noise given my proximity to the housekeeping closet. So if you stay at The Halkin, make certain the housekeeping closet is not across the hall from your front door.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay at The Halkin. I would definitely recommend it for anyone wanting to indulge in a bit of luxury. And I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 21 2007 	WOW!	From the elegant entrance to our spectacular suite,The Halkin was first class all the way! The locationwas central to many of the tourist attractions that wewanted to see, and the staff was polished andprofessional. The modern design somehow meldedbeautifully with the historical surroundings. The roomeven had a computer system that controlled everythingfrom the lights to the ac, and even maid or butlerservice!We did not try the in house restaurant (Thai food),but the room service was to die for (mozzarella andpesto burger, anyone?).The only downside was the high price tag, but theluxury that the hotel provided was well worth it forthis once in a lifetime European vacation.	
May 29 2007 	Superb	What a fantastic place. Cannot agree with the other reviews enough, from checking in to checking out the next morning, everything was first rate.The decor is not in any way tired but is understated and just has a overall feeling of quality and class. We had the most basic room, but it was easily big enough with an amazing bathroom.My wife loved the bathing products and I loved the in room entertainment facility, the jukebox was huge with more than enough choice at the touch of a button.The staff were attentive, but not in your face and everything we asked for was provided with courtesy and care.We didn't eat at the restaurant, but the breakfast was simply amazing.Loved this place and cannot recommend it enough.	
Dec 27 2006 	Deserves More Press!	We absolutely LOVED this hotel! There are so many hip and trendy hotels to choose from in London, and we might try something else when we go back, but I absolutely, hands-down recommend the Halkin (if not just for the fabulous shampoo and soaps!). It has a very cool, modern design, yet is still very comfortable, but it's not so very &quot;Oh! Look at me! Aren't I fabulous!&quot; It's like you are in on a secrete. And the food is so good! We actually only had breakfast and a quick in-room snack (but really one of the best tomato-mozz salads ever! And I'm a tomato freak!) but both were wonderful (granted we were famished, but still the quality was exceptional). Our room was so fun and different, it was like being in a ship; beautiful wood paneling and an odd but fun curved ceiling. The view wasn't so wonderful, but whatever. I am very excited to visit the other Como hotel properties! Do try this hotel on your next jaunt to GB you will not be disappointed!	
Dec 19 2006 	Ok but not more	Hotel is little like sister Metropolitan (see review 23 Feb-06). Bit run down and with &quot;used to be&quot; fashioned interior design. Much to my regret the pictures on the website does not correspond with reality. The lobby is small and uninviting. The bar is nothing to mention. There are absolutely no facilities at the hotel, the reception will refer you to the facilities offered at the Metropolitan. Although this hotel is not quite “around the corner”. I would not recommend the hotel for business traveller. Its location is not ideal. It’s better for tourists with sights and shopping in a near distance. The hotel is situated on a one way street, and to get cab is really difficult (impossible). It is a rather quiet area, but there are no interesting views. Also, be aware, rooms facing the back of the hotel are next to a large ongoing construction/renovation project. I had booked a quiet king deluxe room on a high floor with guaranteed upgrade if available. I received a room on first floor facing the construction work. I was told no other rooms available. After a little discussion they had a “few” other alternatives and I was shown a smaller room on a higher floor facing the front of the hotel (so downgrade instead of upgrade). Rooms are ok, beds are fine and my bathroom was large and comfortable. Although nothing special and definitely not at all as expected. A let down! However, considering London hotel prices it can be possible to get a decent rate here, so for someone not looking for an extraordinary hotel, this one is ok.	
Dec 13 2006 	Modern Oasis in Belgravia	This hotel was my idea of heaven: A spacious and extremely comfortable room with clean, modern decor and a spacious and luxurious bathroom. A friendly and helpful staff. A fabulous location near wonderful restaurants and shopping, and close to a Tube station for those sightseeing trips further afield.All this AND free Internet access. What more could you want?	
Jul 8 2006 	Home away from home	Absolutely recommendable - feels like home away from home. We are staying in this hotel on a regular basis (monthly). It's time to write an appreciative note! The rooms (stylish and with all ameniites, clean and modern), the service (especially the concierges and check-in staff), great breakfast. The hotel is situated in the quite diplomatic quarter, walking reach to Knightsbridge shopping mile and famous department stores. It has a small bar/lounge area, which is a bit a shame, a bigger and not so drafty sitting lounge would certainly enhance the place. Great service there though. The hotel with asian touch is ideal for spoiled travellers and business people who depend on a good nights rest.	
Jun 1 2006	Outstanding Service Marks the Halkin	I recently stayed a week at the Halkin, left for Paris for four days, then returned for a day, before departing for home. The outstanding and accommodating service that its staff consistently delivers sets the Halkin apart. In addition to the usual services, such as making restaurant reservations, the staff helped us in many ways. Getting third row seats to a sold-out Royal Opera Theatre performance, holding some of our luggage while we were in Paris and picking up our bags at check-out within two minutes of calling are just some examples of the attentive, helpful service the staff provides. All this with style and grace -- and no attitude. The staff care and want to be of service (for example, once when we needed help with luggage but only the concierge staff was free, one of them stepped in), and I never once observed the &quot;it's not my job&quot; attitude so prevalent today.The small touches equally impress -- a welcome drink at check-in; turn-down service (Frette floor mats) no matter how late (the staff seemed to know instinctively when we were out); lavendar roses and fresh fruits in the room; a sturdy umbrella and a long, leather shoe horn in the closet. The Halkin is situated in a great neighborhood that is quiet and serene while also just minutes from the action (Hyde Park Corner tube station is only three minutes away walking, Harvey Nichols less than ten). The room is large (for London), stylish, quiet and well designed with heated bathroom floors and towel racks (with great towels -- absorbent but not bulky); a large soaking tub and separate shower with lots of water pressure; a comfortable, big bed with great linens and pillows; good lighting; and touch controls for everything at bedside. A flat-screen TV, an air conditioner that goes a little cooler and more dresser space are all I would ask for (also, the room in which I stayed had only one small window, so if sunlight or window space is a priority, book a suite). There were some glitches -- bottled water was left at turn-down on most, but not all, evenings and there were no roses on our return of one night -- but they were minor. I definitely would recommend the Halkin and intend to stay there when I return to London.	
Mar 28 2006	A memorable weekend a beautiful hotel	I wanted somewhere special to spend the weekend of my 40th birthday with my husband, and couldn't have chosen a lovelier or more stylish place. I booked a package called Breakfsat in Belgravia from the hotel's own site (not the LHW one) which, as well as full breakfast, included a late check out at 2pm on our last day which was much appreciated. Our room was a deluxe double facing Halkin St, with a large sofa &amp; armchair in the seating area. The decor was modern with a calming, Oriental feel, also very chic touches such as a bright vase of fresh tulips, and a dish of apples lined with a green leaf. The bathroom was huge &amp; full of lovely touches - bathroom scales, loofahs, gorgeous smelling toiletries - plus an incredibly powerful shower. The 6ft bed was the most comfortable I have ever encountered in a hotel, with high quality sheets and goose down duvet/pillows. There were even 2 types of robe - towelling bathrobes and soft waffle cotton robes for lounging in, plus his &amp; hers-sized slippers! However, what made the Halkin really stand out was the wonderful service we received at every turn. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, every need was thought of &amp; we were addressed by name most of the time, a lovely personal touch. They really seemed to care that we enjoyed ourselves &amp; felt special. This hotel is such a breath of fresh air compared to many supposedly top London hotels with their tired, traditional styles, corner-cutting and sullen service. Yes, our weekend was expensive, but we felt it was worth every penny, and could not recommend it more highly.	
Feb 24 2006	Oasis of calm	My now wife and I booked the Halkin for the weekend of our wedding last year. It was perhaps an unusual choice for the occasion as it's not laden with heavy curtains, deep carpets and rich furnishings like many London hotels. But it's all the better for it. The Halkin is in a very quiet location and inside, it's equally peaceful. For a &quot;design&quot; hotel, the staff couldn't have been friendlier or less pretentious. The rooms were extremely comfortable, particularly the bathrooms. Some well thought-out touches like a toaster with breakfast so you don't get soggy toast.One tip: we were on a splurge but decided against booking a suite as we were so impressed by the size and comfort of the deluxe rooms at half the price.	
Jan 7 2006	Very mixed service spoils a good hotel	We have stayed in this hotel before and before were very happy. On our second trip we were still impressed by the room which is of a high quality and the location. The problem is that the service is very mixed, some staff are great but others downright aloof and almost rude. The hotel has no facilities and paying almost $700 a night is very expensive fow what you actually get given the sketchy service. The food at Nahm is great though.Management need to weed out the weak staff in this hotel as they let the side down and in a luxury top end product you cannot afford to have second rate staff serving.	
Jan 2 2006	Don't hesitate!	I arrived at the Halkin well before check in (maybe 10am) after arriving on an early flight into London from Geneva. I was exhausted and while my room was as expected not immediately ready, the check in staff whisked away my luggage and immediately offered me tea while I waited. Instead of waiting in the lobby I walked around Knightsbridge for about 45 minutes and upon my return not only was my room ready but there was a full still-piping hot tea service and fresh fruit waiting in my room. I mean are they mind readers or what? And no extra charge on the bill, whereas I have usually found most London hotels will not hesitate to charge you for anything. The bathroom has a huge and terrific tub, perfect for two, and the bed is divine. The provided hair dryer fizzled out while I was using it and a new one was brought to me within 5 minutes. The room, facing Halkin street, was quiet, stylish but not pretentious - just like the hotel itself. It is on a good end of Knightsbridge - not that there is a bad end, but you can walk easily to Park Lane/Picadilly/Oxford Street along with all the Knightsbridge/Sloane Street shopping etc. Another plus for me was easy short term parking in front of the hotel - I had friends meet me a couple times who had no problems finding spots - unheard of in central London. All in all, a GREAT place - try booking through Orbitz where I found an awesome deal.	
Dec 13 2005	A truly superb and incredibly quiet hotel	I decided to stay at The Halkin based entirely on the positive reviews on this website. I can only say that the rooms and the service are just as outstanding as the most enthusiastic reviewers have said they are, comparable even to a top class hotel in Asia (and I have never said that about a hotel anywhere in Europe before). Another unique quality is the peace and quiet, so very difficult to find in any major city. This is accounted for not by any unusual soundproofing (and any significant external noise would in fact intrude, see below) but by the hotel's location on a narrow one-way street which sees very little traffic. Since I was on a short non-business visit from the East Coast of the US, I decided to stay on my home time zone and sleep from 0300 to 1200. I was able to accomplish this even on a weekday morning.The only exception to the peace and quiet was a function of the room where I spent the first night being on the west side of the hotel, overlooking an alley, Montrose Place. This must be where the service entrance is located, and I was woken up before dawn by the usual rubbish collection noises -- bags of bottles being slung into a truck, the truck revving up to compact them, the beeping noise as the truck backed out, miscellaneous shouts and yells. Rooms on this side are definitely to be avoided.Thereafter I slept in a room facing Halkin Street, where I was not disturbed at all. I believe rooms on the east side (where there is no alley) and at the back would probably be quietest of all. Although there is a massive, block-long construction project under way right behind The Halkin, it is noisy only during &quot;normal working hours&quot; (this not being Asia, after all). It looked to me as if it has about another year to go.The only complaint that I would have is the outrageous charge of 20 pounds ($35!) per day for internet service in the room. When will hotels in Europe stop charging for internet service as if it were some new, rich man's toy, instead of a routine utility, like electricity and TV?	
Jul 27 2005	Great Room Great Service		
Jun 27 2005	The Wow factor		
Jun 19 2005	Superb sophisticated and elegant		
Jun 3 2005 	Quiet and Stylish. I liked it.		
May 31 2005	So calm so cool so stylish so relaxing.		
Apr 24 2005	Best Hotel Ever!		
Dec 6 2004	Dougals Adams Fan? Stay at the Startship Titanic!!!!		
Sep 22 2004	Understated elegance excellent location 		
Aug 4 2004	Beautiful elegant and quiet hotel		
Aug 8 2003	Peace and Calm		
Aug 20 2009 	Ruheoase inmitten von London		
Jun 7 2009 	Calme et luxe		
Feb 13 2009 	Realmente increible		
Dec 6 2008 	Fabuleux		
Oct 1 2008 	????????????		
Sep 1 2007 	Maravilloso hotel en una zona muy tranquila		
