Jul 26 2007 	Great Service in Notting Hill	While the appearance of the hotel may not match the expectations I had from the brochure, the service is what sets this hotel apart. I was traveling with my nearly 2-year-old daughter, and I needed a lot of assistance. Mansur was my &quot;husband away from home,&quot; carrying things upstairs, getting me what I needed, and always helping us up the front stairs with the stroller. I later stayed at the Hilton, which physically was clean, spacious, etc., however the Hilton hotel has no soul, which the Lennox has plenty! The breakfast was amazing - three kinds of fresh berries, yogurt, croissants (can you tell I'm hungry?), breads, cereals, cheese and prosciutto. The hotel does show some signs of wear, but I have to say that staying in this hotel was a wonderful experience.	
Jul 3 2007 	Questions Questions..	For 185 quid a night, do you expect...A bed covering that looks as though it has been trampled with muddy boots?A shrug and a &quot;we'll change it tomorrow&quot; when it is mentioned to staff?A broken electrical socket that burns out your mobile phone adaptor?A broken toilet seat?An old, tired, and grimy bathroom?or the offer of a smaller alternative room in the basement?or silence and another shrug when you explain calmly that you are not entirely happy with your stay? If your answers are &quot;yes&quot; to the above, then I can heartily recommend the Lennox.What galls me most about so called “boutique” hotels like the Lennox is that so much is spent on furnishing the rooms “tastefully” to please the website voyeurs and so little is spent on providing clean and comfortable facilities for “over”- paying guests.If you need to be close to Portobello then I suggest saving yourself 80 quid and shopping around for one of the many B&amp;Bs and budget hotels in the area. I would like to have provided photographic evidence of the “executive luxury” you can expect at the Lennox, but as I said, the hotel’s electrics fried my phone/camera charger.	
Oct 5 2006 	Loved the hotel. Staff were friendly all the amenities were perfect.	We stayed in the Junior Suite and it was really lovely. The staff were very helpful, the room was clean with lots of natural light, a comfortable bed and everything that you would want on holidays. The breakfast was great. Can't fault the place.	
Sep 26 2006 	Elegant and affordable	Stayed here for two nights with my family of four in a large room with a large king bed and two cots. Really a lovely hotel with a warm and helpful staff. The location is simply perfect - only a minute's walk from the Notting Hill Gate tube stop, and close by loads of restaurants and pubs. Clean, elegant, and roomy. Excellent A/C, a small bar, and internet access. A favourite of English soccer star Paul &quot;Gasa&quot; who happened to be there at the same time as us - quite a character!A word of caution to anyone travelling to London - it is beyond expensive. Every single thing you buy is 3 to 5 times the cost here in Canada!	
Jun 26 2006	Excellent Choice in London!!	Our family stayed here for three nights starting on June 14th, 2006. We stayed in a Junior Suite. The staff were extremely nice and helpful. We especially appreciated Ana's great help and kindness. The room was very nice and large with a very good air conditioning. The windows of the room looked out toward Portobello road in Notting Hill. This was our first trip to London and based upon our research, I think this is an excellent choice of a place to stay in London. It is quiet and still in a great location with easy access to transportation to any part of London. The Notting Hill Gate tube is just a short walk away as well as bus stops that take you anywhere in London. The famous market in Notting Hill was on Saturday is just out your back door steps, a short walk away and is lots of fun. There are many good restaurants in the area that the hotel will help you locate.I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London. Everything to me was just great!	
Jun 22 2006	I Am Just Not Sure?!	I am having to make myself write this honest review as I have never stayed at such a friendly and welcoming hotel. The staff would do anything for you and were kind, informative and always available.The hotel looks impressive from the outside but when I entered the door it just wasn't what I was expecting for £185 a night. Now I do realise that this hotel has recently been taken over but to me, the public areas just screamed B&amp;B. There was a smell of stale smoke and the reception area is a hatch to the side of the hallway. This hotel has very limited public space. There is a small breakfast/bar room to the rear of the hotel but the 'reception area' is the size of your average hallway with nowhere to sit.The stairway and landings to the rooms do have some nice decretive touches but the large unattractive B&amp;B style fire doors do nothing for the interior. When I entered our room, I have to say I was impressed. The room was large, beautifully furnished with a gigantic bed and a huge plasma TV. The en-suite was larger than your standard hotel bathroom and this size of room in London is rare.But the negatives on the room and the hotel in general were annoying. This hotel has been 'glossed'. Apparently, the hotel has only been The Lennox for six months and it looks like the refurb was done in a huge hurry. There is an awful lot of chipped wood work throughout the hotel. The gloss work to windows and doors is just tired. The bath fixtures and fittings don't appear to have been refitted so our bathroom had a lot of black grime in the tiles also, our bath tap was broken with the broken piece sitting next to the bath waiting on a repair. The dust in the bathroom was shocking and the first white towel I grabbed had a faded make-up stain across it. Also I should point out that if you have seen the film Notting Hill, this isn't in one of those quaint streets. The hotel actually looks over a large block of flats.Enough said. I guess this review has more to do with the £185 a night we paid and the glossiness of their website which isn't as glossy in real life. I just didn't quiet get this hotel although the people were fabulous.Next time we will stay at our favourite, The Mandeville, just off Oxford Street, which is half the price and lives up to its website (and it is terribly glossy!).	
Jun 2 2006	Lovely and Friendly	The Lennox is a lovely, immaculate hotel on a serene street just down the block from the busy intersection Notting Hill Gate. The charming staff was friendly and helpful without being obtrusive. We had a standard double room, and it was quite large and well equipped, and elegantly furnished (it was the Pembridge Room, facing the street but very quiet). Wonderful bed and bath linens. I was travelling with my adult daughter and we were very comfortable sharing a twin/king sized bed, with much room to spare. Breakfast served in our room was promptly delivered and (though no bargain) it was full of healthy selections and lovely fresh fruit. The cleaning staff was efficient and thorough.There are some excellent restaurants within a short walk of the hotel, plus the wildly bustling Portobello Market and a great art house cinema. We were very pleased and would stay there again in a nanosecond.	
May 28 2006	Comfortable low-key (and a little quirky) hotel	The Lennox is just around the corner from the Notting Hill Gate tub station--a hustle, bustle area full of people--yet the hotel is an oasis of quirky charm and relaxation.The Main House over on Colville Road recommended and referred us to the Lennox and we enjoyed the Lennox tremendously! The hotel has about 20 rooms, and we had one in the back on the main floor. Dubbed &quot;the Windsor&quot;, it was large, with a spacious bathroom and all the comforts of home--flat screen plasma TV, CD player (with Vivaldi loaded), double paned windows that opened and huge bath sheets. Despite the hopping location, and street level room, the hotel and our room was wonderfully quiet.There is a breakfast that I never got up for, and a real honor bar/salon area. The internet access computer is in the hallway. That was only a problem when I was Skype-ing to the US one evening and my voice reverberated down the hall. Wireless was available in the salon so I moved there with my laptop.From the moment we arrived we liked the Lennox and the people working there. We checked it very late (about 2am) and Robert greeted us, got us all the potato chips we could eat and made us drinks. It had been a really long day. We all chatted for another hour before my partner and I, now revived, collapsed. Day staff helpfully stored bags, found us take away recommendations, phone help--all the things a large hotel would do without the largeness.We thought it a good value at about 175 pounds/night for the Exec. sized room. We will definitely go there again--the hotel and the neighborhood are great!	
Feb 9 2006	New Owners	I have frequently stayed here over the past 10 years. The recent change of ownership seems to have gone smoothly. Service and rooms are still at the same level. The price, however, has increased substantially. General guideline of gbp110 is totally out of date. Most recently, I paid gbp200 per night. Not outrageous for London, but no bargain. Despite that, still a top choice.	
Feb 6 2006	something special	i stayed in 'the lennox' for 3 nights, after the change of owners. it is brilliant. the room is so big and the decoration is so beautiful, the bathroom is a sheer indulgence, with huge soft white towels. the room is full of surprizes: air perfume, free best magazines (inc. time out, plasma tv - to mention just a few.located in a quiet residential street and yet minutes from the tube (notting hill gate)and the heart of the city (portabello rd. is few steps away).breakfast looks modest at first sight, but turns out to be great, with superb delicious items.loved it very much, although pipe system is noisy when water is running.	
Jan 5 2006	Fabulous!	This hotel has recently been taken over and the Lennox is the new name (can't remember the old one!). We booked in at this modest hotel for an overnight stay. We went in through security doors and were greeted by a well-dressed and very pleasant gentlema, where we were checked in and given our key. We were then escorted to the lift and taken up to our room - the rooms are named which adds a little luxury!We were shown into our room which was on the 3rd floor and had a vertigo-free view of the street outside. It was very spacious and had a flat screen TV with a mini-bar, spring water and lovely complimentary toiletries.It was beautifully decorated with heavy floral curtains, a soft beige carpet, a comfortable sofa (which looked like it converted into a pull-out bed) and dark wood furniture such as a lovely old writing bureau with a drop-down writing desk.The bathroom was gleaming with a lovely deep bath, an old fashioned brass shower system with a big shower head and little touches such as cotton wool balls in glass containers. The lighting was good and it included a free-standing shaving mirror and use of the fluffiest bath-robes I've ever seen! The towels were clean and soft too.The bed was fantastic. It was well made with crisp white sheets, a duvet and a carefully folded bedspread. It was topped with 4 soft pillows and decorated with 2 roll pillows, a lovely picture pillow and a cute little teddy with a jumper on! The bed was soft and comfy.Room service was available at any time.Breakfast was very nice with the usual selection of cereal, criossants etc. You also had the option of a cooked breakfast and the staff again were very nice.The price of the room was very reasonable and about right for the area of London. I'd stayed in worse for more!	
Aug 2 2005	Grand neighborhood setting	Walking through Notting Hill, we discovered this wonderful bed &amp; breakfast style hotel by Pembridge Gardens. It was a shade more than I had wanted to spend, but the extras were well worth it. Air-conditioned. Large room. Extremely quiet street and area. One and a half block walk to Notting Hill tube station. Short walk to all necessary shopping, money cambio, wonderful shops, etc. The hotel staff were absolutely wonderful and helpful. They would always call a private cab for trips requiring punctuality, i.e. train station, appointment in town. The full English breakfast selection is sensational, and part of the nightly rate. I recommend this hotel to anyone traveling as a family or even on business.	
Sep 6 2004	My favorite hotel	We stayed here on the third leg of our honeymoon. We had originally planned to stay at another hotel in Bloomsbury which was much less expensive. However, after spending 5 days there at the beginning of our honeymoon, we knew we HAD to upgrade. Pembridge Court is amazing. I have never had such friendly, attentive service. Sometimes great service can be creepy and overbearing, but not here. The service here feels like you are staying with good friends. We loved Churchill, and the staff was sweet to indulge our obsession with him! They always let us into their office to pet and snuggle him! Our room was quite spacious and exceptionally comfortable. The bathrooms are a dream. Breakfast was cozy each morning, and by the end of our stay, they always knew exactly what we preferred. I have never been made to feel so welcome at any hotel. We only stayed for 5 days, but we wish it could have been much longer. We will definitely be staying here again on our next visit to London - even if it is expensive!	
Aug 8 2003	Excellent London Stay	When in London, stay at the Pembridge Court Hotel. Many of our trips to U.K. and Europe include a stay in London. We always return to the Pembridge Court Hotel. It is idealy located a block north from the Notting Hill Tube Station and a very short taxi drive to Paddington. Many very good resturants in the area as well a Portobello Road antique market (Saturdays) just around the corner. We have stayed in many of their rooms over the past several years. All were very clean and well appointed. Their full English breakfast always great way to start the day. Staff and resident cat, Churchill, very friendly and helpful.	
