	Oasis in the heart of the City	We were a bit worried about the comments on the site that the hotel was still a 'building site' but these were completely dispelled when we arrived. The hotel was faultless from when we checked in to the moment we checked out.We stayed for the weekend and yes the area is quiet in the evening but after staying in other parts of the Capital, this is a BIG plus. The hotel is only 2 minutes walk from Bank or Moorgate tube station so its easy to get into the west end for food and drink. The rooms are spacious and bathroom is huge with a fantastic shower. The Bose sound system for the iphone/ipod was a great touch.Interiors are very luxurious and we felt properly pampered. Staff were quick, efficient and friendly and gave us some really good advice on places to go, how to get there etc.Definitely come back again.	
	Stunning Hotel excellent service!	My Husband and I stayed at this hotel on the weekend for one night. We were very impressed with the Hotel, it was very modern and stunningly decorated. The room was really nice, one of the best weve stayed in. It has a huge bed and lovely chez long at the bottom of the bed. There was a huge flat screen tv on the wall. The bathroom was gorgeous with one of the biggest bath ive seen and a lovely walk in shower. The only down side I could see was there was no dressing gown, which would have been nice to use after having a bath but this is only a small point. There was also only enough coffee for one cup but I rang housekeeping and they brought us a box of extra milk and coffee extremely quickly!The hotel is a little far out that we usually stay but it is only a short walk (less than 5 minutes) to moorgate tube station and we the staff also booked us a taxi for when we asked which was great.Superb hotel, with friendly staff. We prefer to stay more central so but like i said it was easy to get to the tube from the hotel.	
	Another wonderful Apex hotel!	We stayed at the new Apex just two weeks after its opening. It was fantastic. The room (I think we were upgraded to a superior) was spacious, beautifully decorated, warm, and welcoming. The bathroon was equally impressive, with a walk-in shower and a huge bath. The service was also friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a slightly less glamorous location that the one at Tower Hill, set off in a side street near Moorgate, but it is easy to get to and from it, with three tube stations in easy walking distance and plenty of cabs on the main street. We will definitely be back. This chain is simply superb.	
Nov 24 2009 	Stunning decor but not run to 4* level	My partner and I visited this hotel for a relaxing weekend away for my Birthday.Pros - This Hotel has lovely luxurious décor and is well set out.Rooms are very nice and well acquitted with a fab big bath and walk in shower. The staffs were very pleasant.Nice quiet part of London City.Cons - Hotel is still under construction which wasn’t advertised so I wasn’t pleased when I was woken at 8am on a Saturday morning with drilling and banging.Hotel is a bit out of the way but I didn’t see this as a problem as we were happy to use the underground and there is a station along the road. Customer Care standards were not to a 4* standard.Rooms weren’t cleaned until the evening which in my opinion is useless as there were no fresh towel for freshening up before going out for our evening meal. While were staying the fire alarm went off early hours of Saturday morning so we got up and stood out on the street in out night clothes where there was no staff to be seen. We then went back in to find staff standing chatting at the reception and didn’t bother to tell us what was going on or if we needed to be in or out the hotel. A total disaster and all guests were extremely angry with the way the situation was dealt with. I still have no idea what happened all we got was a letter outside our door saying sorry for any inconvenience. Not the standard of customer care you expect from a 4* hotel.	
Nov 23 2009 	Very nice hotel though a little out of the way	Superior King Room:Pros: Very clean, modern and tidy rooms. Quiet location. TV with Freeview. Great bathroom with deep free standing bath and walk in shower. Good colleciton of free toiletries. Bar staff very helpful. All staff very friendlyCons: Only 1 chair to sit on (not counting the chaise lounge) so tricky if eating food in the room. Location is not easy if you use the tube. A bit &quot;out of the way&quot; for the west end etc. Saturday night, very few local places open near hotel. When booking direct online, watch out for the VAT which is not added until the very end. I thought I was paying one price but not until I clicked the last button did I get the final price with VAT. Is it me? Maybe I am getting old!	
Nov 21 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the value for money	Stayed on the opening night, sadly we were not aware before hand, otherwise may have moved elsewhere. It wast a 'soft 'opening which was a shame, as we now had somewhat higher expectations especially for the money being paid.Room service menu virtually non existent, phones in room didn't work, lots of dust and rubbish around, rooms numbers falling off walls by lifts didn't leave a good impression.Otherwise its a great location, close for the city, although be very aware there are few eating options close by at the weekend. Rooms nice, plug access difficult. Free wi-fi very good.Reception staff were fab, really trying to make the place work, thanks to them we stayed our second night.	
Nov 18 2009 	Beautiful hotel in a nice quiet part of EC London.	I stayed here on the hotels opening weekend (nights of 13th and 14th). It's in extremely close proximity to Moorgate tube/train station which is connected to all the most convenient transport lines in London. It's on the Northern line which means it's only 10 minutes down the line from London Euston and King's Cross St Pancras train stations. Also, Bank is 5 minutes walk in the opposite direction which is also on the DLR line - easy access to Canary Wharf and further east areas of London.Now to the hotel! As you'd expect from a brand new hotel, it's extremely well decorated - to a very high standard too!Although it was obvious the hotel wasn't 100% completed, it didn't hinder ourselves or any of the guests we encountered during our stay. Everything was functional and the staff made sure they went out of their to ensure that no disruptions occurred.I booked a Deluxe King room (sorry if the rest of the review is now obsolete!) which was brilliant. I've stayed in 5 star hotels that couldn't even scratch the quality of this room (detailed in the pictures I've uploaded).In terms of bedroom quality, this hotel is by far the best bedroom I've had to stay in, this side Dubai. The bed was extremely comfortable and we were provided with an abundance of pillows and cushions to increase our comfort levels further.The room had two (yes... 2!) 40&quot; flat screen tv's with freeview channels on both. We didn't spend that long in the room over the weekend to make good use of them unfortunately! Unfortunately, the blu-ray player wasn't in the room even though the website said it should be there. This wasn't really a problem because as I said, we didn't spend enough time in the room to need it.There were so many nice little touches too. Like a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; button (as opposed to the traditional handle sign), which actually worked - contrary to a lot of hotels with this function. The Bose iPod SoundDock was great for listening to music whilst dressing and has suprisingly good quality for such a small product. Your usual hotel amenities are included, such as your iron and board, safe, fridge, tea and coffee and a kettle. By default, the hotel don't stock your minibar, so if you require this service then ensure you tell them during check-in.Unfortunately I didn't use any of the room service or the bar so I cannot comment on these services. However, any requests I made were promptly dealt with and I left the hotel a happy customer!The free complimentary wifi was also brilliant. I've always had problems getting online with other hotels but the Apex hotel was no problem to access and was always superfast and accessible from my iPhone.I've used TripAdvisor to help me in hotel decision making many times, so I thought it was about time I actually posted a review and some photo's - I hope this has helped you make your decision :)PS: Request room 109 for an excellent room!	
Nov 16 2009 	Great location friendly staff	Stayed here on its opening weekend (13th/14th Nov). Fantastic location, and easy to get around. It is literally 5 minutes walk max, from either Moorgate or Bank tube stations. If you're coming from Kings Cross as I did, it took no more than 15 minutes to get here by tube and walking. Hotel was fab, room was well kept and clean, considering it was opening weekend and the builders were still adding finishing touches, you had to respect the hotel's valiant attempts to minimise any mess. Beds were amazingly comfortable and complimentary internet was a nice touch...pity more places aren't like this. Breakfast choices were great, but would be nice to see a 'full veggie' breakfast option although there were still plenty of choices. Staff very friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend it	
Nov 15 2009 	Comfortable and decorated with taste	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in its opening week. Everything was crisp and brand new. The hotel is very tastefully decorated both from the outside and the inside, with nice materials and colours. It is based in a new, concrete building in a quiet street in the City (dead end so no thru traffic), at 5 mins walking distance from Liverpool Street station. The City of London is the oldest part of the city with beautiful streets and buildings and many shops, bars and restaurants, but beware that most of these are closed during the weekend. For the same reason, rates are probably better during weekends than during weekdays.The City King room I stayed in was like the est of the hotel: nice decorations, nice materials, everything clean and in good working order. It is not big though, and the bed takes more than half of the available space. One big suitcase is no problem, but with two of them it will get a bit cramped. Bathroom with bath and walk-in shower. The complimentary bath duck is a very nice Apex touch. It's just too bad that for some reason the ducks cannot float upright but always tilt on their side. Another weird thing is that the bath tub doesn't feature a handheld shower, so after you're done bathing you have to make your way to the walk-in shower the rinse any remaining soap off your body. Otherwise the bathroom is very nice, spacy and comfortable. The shower had great pressure and temperature.Staff was very friendly, and in spite of it being the opening week of this hotel seemed quite experienced. I ordered breakfast in my room, and on both days I received just what I ordered right on time. Complimentary wifi was good. Very large flat screen tv of good quality.	
