Aug 16 2009 	Not as bad as some of the reviews!!	Myself and my partner had booked one night as we were seeing U2 at Wembley Stadium and this hotel happened to have vacancies as we had left it quite late to book. We arrived at the hotel at 1.40pm able to check in straight away and were showed to our room by a lovely receptionist. Room was very basic but very clean and tidy. The bathroom was very tired but clean. Only criticism of the bathroom is that the bath was extremely narrow so had to stand in the shower sideways - not brilliant but manageable. There were a lot of creaky floorboards in the room, but as we were not going to be spending that much time there it didn't bother me.We decided to have a couple of drinks in the bar before we left to go to Wembley, 2 pints was £6.40 which for a London hotel I thought was reasonable.One suggestion I would have is that they should change the pillows as they were pretty awful! I did ask for some more at reception but as the hotel was full there were no more left. As for one reviewer hearing a lot of noise in neighbouring rooms, we didn't hear any of this considering it was completely full.I am not sure that I would stay here again, as yes the hotel is tired, stairs are creaky and it is in need of a makeover but for one night to stay after a concert was OK.	
May 27 2009	Just Awful	I stayed at this hotel with a group from my high school. The stairs are very creaky and the overall look of the hotel is very cheap and poorly maintained. The front desk accused me and my roommate of allowing water to leak into the restaurant. They called two times and then came up to our room and insisted on inspecting our bathroom floor. Sure enough, we weren't responsible. Also, they were supposed to provide breakfast for us every morning at a certain time but we had to inform them that they needed to set up the room every single morning! The breakfast was nothing special - just stale baguette pieces and mini croissants as well as cereal. Overall, it was an awful hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	Do not stay at this hotel	The customer service at this hotel is awful. We stayed for one night and our shower took 10 minutes to get any hot water and then it was scolding. We tried to phone front reception to see if they could help and because we had been given only one bath towel and no one answered despite us trying for up to 20 minutes. On check out we ask for a deduction but was told that they could not authorise that with the manager away. We therefore had to pay in full. Since this time despite the manager agreeing there was a problem with the shower and ordering a new thermostat he has refused to offer us a discount and was very rude.	
Sep 1 2008 	The worst hotel ever	I wish I had read all the revew's before booking into this hotel, the next time I will sleep in my car at the side of the M25 it will be quiter. On a main road and with no apparent double glazing in my room the traffic noise was terrible and went on all night.	
Aug 14 2008	Very disappointing	I arrived at this hotel late at night mid-week. I just needed somewhere to rest my head for the night so I asked for their cheapest room. I was told the cheapest room was a single room for £98 which I found very expensive, especially for the area. I asked if breakfast was included and if I could have it delivered to my room in the morning. Not an unusual request for a hotel I though, but was told by the gentleman at reception that &quot;it would be too much trouble&quot; and that I &quot;should just go to the dining area where breakfast was served in the morning&quot;. I was too tired to argue so went to my room which was quite small and plain. I rang reception from my room to find out what time check out was but after a few attempts of calling with no answer, I just gave up and went to bed and left early in the morning without breakfast. I checked the hotel website the next day and found that the price of a single room was in fact £60 and not £98 so I contacted the manager to question this. He was extremely rude and almost aggressive and basically told me there was nothing I could do about it. I certainly won't be staying there again!	
Jul 4 2008 	A very expensive hostel	For £75 a night and £12.50 for breakfast, I expected a lot more. The room was a single bed in a space about the same size as the bathroom. The walls were so thin I could hear the neighbour talking, and when their door closed it made the bed vibrate. The road noise was very loud outside, but when I closed the window it was hot and there is no air conditioning or fan. The shower was a dribble. Breakfast was buffet style plus an english breakfast and was decent, just not £12.50 decent. On the plus side, all the staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. The room was spotlessly clean and the location is very close to the Harrow-on-the-Hill train and bus station.	
Jun 9 2008	GROSS HOTEL	Avoid this hotel! It is run down, the facilities are terrible &amp; the showers don't even work. We were charges £133 for a cold shower!!! what a joke. This is the worst place I have ever stayed....should have checked on here before booking it!!	
May 16 2008 	Dreadful Room	Both my husband and I together with some family members stayed at this hotel in April while attending a funeral in Harrow. Our room was really disappointing. The floorboards squeaked so much that they became really irritating. It was old and shabby and badly in need of a makeover. However the bed was comfortable and the staff friendly. Despite that, would not stay there again.Noreen G----SligoIreland	
Feb 5 2008 	DON'T BOOK IT!!!!!	I stayed in this hotel last week and can honestly say it was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!! I called to book the room and was quoted £90. When I arrived I was then told it was £95.The staff were so rude and arrogant throughout our stay, but especially on check in. When a lady went to show us our room she got lost and we ended up having to find it! When we got into the room everything inside the room was old and dirty and I'm glad all I had to do was sleep there for a few hours.To charge £95 with no breakfast is completely ridiculous for this hotel, its just not worth it, even if you're desperate. Whatever you do, don't book it!	
Feb 3 2008 	Rudest staff i have ever come accross	Arrived here for a stay with 20 other family members for a funeral - Upon arrival i was told that my room booking did not exist (despite recieveing confirmation at time of booking). I asked a very rude receptionist why where she shouted at me in a most rude tone that my credit card had been rejected (which i knew could not have been possible) I explained that i had recieved confirmation but she just kept repeating in front of everyone that the card had been rejected. She eventually found some spare rooms which were hideous to say the least. The following morning I went to the breakfast room and when i politely asked a waitress for some service was told to sit down and wait, again in a very rude tone - my brother asked someone in reception where he might get a glass of water and he was told to go into the bar and wait till he saw a member of staff - I did not feel like a full breakfast (which at £12.00stg was toally overpriced) so i had a cup of coffee and two slices of toast where i was charged £5.00stg !! The two day stay continued in the same manner with abrupt staff talking in rude tones to all of my family. At the end we could not wait to leave.	
Dec 24 2007 	Too expensive for what you get	The best thing about this hotel is its close proximity to the Harrow on the Hill tube stop. Beyond that, it's nothing special.I got a single room for 72.00 GBP per day (around $140 per day). In the UK, &quot;single&quot; means a twin sized mattress crammed into a room just big enough to hold the bed and a desk. If you're over 5'8'', your feet will stick out over the end of the mattress. The rate did NOT include breakfast. That would have added another 12 GBP to the rate -- not at all reasonable if you ask me.High speed Internet access was another $10 GBP.The room was in the older part of the hotel, which appears to have once been a series of old Victorian row-houses.The toilet did not adequately clean the bowl, so I had to use toilet paper to remove some of the &quot;grime&quot; from the bowl. Disgusting.For one or two nights with a small amount of luggage, a room this small might be ok. If you're there for a week, and you spend any time at all in the room, you might feel a bit cramped -- especially if you're used to a standard U.S. hotel room.During checkout they tried to charge me for daily breakfast, which I had opted out of during check in. When I called them on it, they corrected the bill, but it put me off that they added it to the bill when I specifically declined breakfast during check in. Watch out for this.I moved into the Best Western Cumberland in Harrow after staying here two days. Overall, I felt the Cumberland was a much better hotel.	
Oct 7 2007 	Do not stay here	This is the worst hotel I have come across. I had booked this hotel for my parents to stay in for 5 nights in their top range 'executive suite'. The tv channels donot work, the breakfast is appalling and the staff are rude.On the 25th September there was no electricity in the entire 'new' wing and they didnot move my parents. As a consequence my parents were in a cold room all night and didnot have hot water the next morning. Furthermore, when I complained, I was told to &quot;Get Out&quot; by the front desk. Then they have charged my credit card for the entire cost of the stay though I was adamant not to pay for the night in question. And at no point have I recieved a bill. They donot apologise, they serve raw sausages for breakfast, the staff are too busy chatting rather than serve and if one complains, you get told off rather than an apology. This hotel brings complete shame and disrepute to the hotel industry and if you want a decent nights stay then do not stay here.	
Jul 30 2007 	Beware of this Hotel	Like the first reviewer I would urge you to reconsider when booking this hotel.I stayed in an “executive” room at £150 per night, rather expensive for the area; and I was sorely disappointed.First impression was of being given a swipe card for my room, a room in the executive wing in an adjacent building. I walked outside in the rain with my bags to a well presented newish building to find that the swipe card they gave me did not open the outside door.When I was eventually given a card that worked I found that the rooms whilst of a good size, were a bit smelly and had bedding (external throw) that appeared had not been washed anytime recently.Cutting edge entertainment came by was of a television system that does not work, only 8 channels of questionable reception in an age where 60+ channels are available free of charge. Allied to this, the in-room radio did not work, the in-room safe did not work.Saving the best to last, the level of service experienced at breakfast would make Basil Fawlty look like Hotelier of the year - Staff gossip in the corner whilst guests wander round trying to get their attention, only to be faced with rude quips. You have been warned.	
Jun 26 2007 	Excellent stay	I must admit I was very dubious about staying here due to the previous review. However, the quality hotel Harrow was pure quality. Excellent, friendly service, immaculate large room and great location for getting to Wembley Stadium. We stayed in an Executive Room, which although more expensive than the other rooms, was well worth the money.	
Mar 25 2007 	the worst hotel	This is one of the worst hotels I have ever been in. The rooms are so in need of attention. I m sure the wall paper is used to hlep hold the walls up. the pictures are screwed to the wall, but I am sure no one would dream of stealing them! The whole place needs renovating. The restaurant food is really expensive but all three of our meals were so bad they had to go back. The staff are not bothered - and I am not going back. I had visitors from abroad with me and it was an embarassment.	
Jul 28 2005	Terrific service the best in Harrow - clean Victorian Arch.	Quality Hotel in Harrow has two buildings - the main hotel and the new wing which has all executive rooms. The receptionist was quick to show me an executive room first after which anyone would not prefer to stay in their standard rooms. In UK, Standard room means a clumsy, small attic type room in which you can either keep yourself or your luggage ! Not really good for claustrophobic people who have travelled elsewhere and want larger (normal) hotel rooms.Anyway, the hotel is clean, has a nice victorian architecture. The rooms have nice view and the hotel is located near the St George and St Ann's Shopping centres so you would not get bored. Has all the usual facilities. The included-breakfast is served on your table.It has superb Wifi access in all rooms. The staff is cordial and willing to go an extra step for you. They do have a cloak room - unlike many other small hotels in UK. Clearly, Quality Hotel is the only one which is good in the Harrow locality.	
