Mar 15 2009 	Very clean and nice	We stayed there for 3 days in March and it was even beyond expectations? especially bearing in mind that the rate was only GBP 40 per night. Really qood value for money, room is tiny, as well as the hotel itself, but newly refurbished and very clean, daily room service. Wi-fi in the room. Highly recommended if you are on budget. We stayed in room #14 on 3-d floor and the only disadvantage was the window to a narrow well with other windows in front of it, so with open window you can hear baby crying or other quests talking loudly ))	
Jan 27 2009 	Very nice and clean	We really enjoyed staying there. The room was small, but we had everything we need there. Even coffee and tea so you can prepare it by yourself in the room. The shower was great and clean. We had soap, shower gel, towels, hairdryer, and if you needed more, you could ask from the reception for free. They don't have breakfast but if you want, you can order the night before, for 3,5 GBP and you will have it next morning - room service delivered. I understood that it will not be called Brindle house hotel anymore, but Best Western Hotel Annexe. And beside that, it was at a walking distance of Backingham Palace and more turist attractions. As a conclusion, we were very satisfied of their services and we will recomend it to all our friends.	
Dec 15 2008 	Lovely and clean hotel	I stayed in this hotel in my second visit to London. It is refurbished and my room is very clean during my stay. it is close to victoria underground. (7minutes by walk). hotel has an one negativeness. they don't give breakfast. but in best western victoria palace hotel breakfast is 5 sterling. and it is an avarega brekfast. if you have a little budget. this hotel must be your first choice. and pictures are definitely same in the hotel webpages.	
Aug 7 2008 	pretty good	I just stayed here Aug 08. The room was small and clean. Air Conditioning was good and bathroom was adequate. 1 TV 1 Kettle, 1 Safe included. Price is definitely not too bad, but there are cheaper ones on the same street (not sure about the quality for those other hotels). Very good location, close to Victoria station and Sainsbury if you need any snacks.	
Aug 7 2008	Brindle House Hotel	I booked this hotel 10 days before we went to London, for a double room 2 nights at £104 (approx €140) in total. This is a small hotel, part of Best western, absolutely brillliant. Brand new room, very clean, the location in great - 15 min walking from Buckingham Palace. The only thing I can say is that the room was a little bit too small, but we didn't care, we were just here to sleep! I highly recommend this hotel, really really good quality comparing to budget!!!	
Apr 28 2007 	Met our needs and budget	With the exchange rate, we were on an especially tight budget. We had limited time and much we wanted to see, so we were really only needing somewhere to sleep and bathe. The room was very tiny with a double bed and a bunk bed, no TV or phone. That was not a problem. The room and linens were clean. The bathroom was an “all in one” stall with little room to move around, but it met our needs. The receptionist was very friendly and helpful. She loaned me her phone when I needed to make a local call. However, she was a not able to give good directions to/from the hotel. We weren’t too far from Victoria Station and the cul-de-sac was quiet. Breakfast was okay. I would definitely stay there again if on a budget.	
Jan 8 2005	pleasantly surprised	I stayed at this establishment in Nov 2004, although after reading these comments, was a bit put off, nevertheless prices bouht me to the hotel.I found it to be smart, cosy very well decoarated, and extremley welcoming, I enquired to the staff, and she informed me that a total programme of renovation took place in early 2004.I also found both the cleaner and receptionist to be extremely helpful, and polite.The place was spotless, breakfast was filling and served hot, coffee was great, in all I found it to have a nice country atmosphere in a very large city.Would definately recommend.	
Nov 20 2003	The bed swarmed with bedbug.	I think this Hotel's facilities is the worst. I was bitten the whole body by a bedbug. Therefore,I was suffered from itches while I stayed in LONDON. And, a dirty water sprung a leak when flush the toilet. To make matters worse, they didn't clean the room and didn't change a bath towel, when I didn't pay a make bed chip.I don't want stay this hotel, again!!	
Sep 4 2003	minimally acceptable	Our family of 3 stayed for a week in July 2003.MINIMALLY ACCEPTABLE describes our opinion of this B&amp;B.If price &amp; location are your only priorities then you won't be disappointed with this hotel.It's on a quiet cul-de-sac, but it's not a quiet place because of lack of sound-proofing. It is older and rooms &amp; hallways are positively MINIMAL in size, as were the ensuite facilities, which consisted of a prefab all-in-one unit about 5 x 5 feet (or less).Adequate hot water &amp; pressure. Ok beds. No hotel safe. Pay phone in hall was out of service most of the time. Key to one room didn't work well. NOT ENOUGH TOWELS! Staff not knowledgeable about London. One staff member was burned out: short-tempered, easily annoyed, made no effort to make our stay pleasant.Other guests were nice: families, college-age students, a businessman.Breakfast was filling and efficiently served, but vegetarian (no bacon/sausage) and totally forgetable.....CANNED tomatoes, CANNED mushrooms, CANNED beans, the SMALLEST glasses of orange juice, not enough milk at tables. Plenty of toast. Eggs cooked to order. Cereal option.Before I'd go back I'd check out the many other B&amp;B's along Belgrave Rd.....there must be one with better food and fresher staff that is trying to please guests.	
Oct 16 2002	its a dump	I booked this hotel online and when I get there, realised how a website can dupe the unsuspecting.What i was offered, and charged for !!!, was a box room, which was filthy, so bad I couldn't stay there.I was curtly informed by the woman who was managing the dump, that there was a cancellation fee. And sure enough they charged my credit card for the full amount.I'm going to make every effort to get them de-registered from any tourism association they may be a member of. (which I doubt !)	
Aug 2 2008 	avis mitigé		
