Oct 1 2009 	satisfactory stay	I booked in smoothly, I was asked to pay upfront which is no problem as long as I see what I'm paying for, I was allocated in a triple room instead of a double. I asked the receptionist about the on and off fire alarm who confirmed it'd not happen as it used to be very sensitive to steam, smoke...etc. I was offered help, but I was ok. The breakfast was in the basement, it was ok. On the whole, I will go again and I will receommend it.	
Aug 22 2009 	utterly horrible and disgusting	Bad points - rude and dirty staff-really dirty-awkward building with no lift -there were vermin in the rooms!-the tv didn't work-the cleaners wore dirty clothes and slippers-extremely small, unclean breakfast room-the breakfast was horrible, no variety and left out all morning I really could go on an on.. seriously do not stay here it is disgustingthe only good point was the location but in saying that the street was full and I mean full of homeless people sleeping outside the hotel and on several of the mornings there were young men using drugs right outside the hotel door.. so obviously not the safest area in london!	
Aug 16 2009 	Uncomfortable no ambience won't go again	The location was great, very close to the Tube and in a nice little street. But that's the best to be said about this hotel. Absolutely no ambience and certainly not designed for the comfort of guests. No lift, and no assistance from staff. So its a right pain dragging heavy bags up steps. Our room was so small, there was no where to put our bags. We had a window that overlooked a pile of junk in the yard. No shower screen or curtain between the shower and toilet. Nowhere comfortable to sit. You could sit on the edge of the bed, lie on it or stand. Wouldn't go back.	
Jul 13 2009 	Quite Good	I've stayed there 3 Nights and nothing went wrong, except for the fire alarm which went off late in the night, I was told for faulty reasons.	
Jan 18 2009 	A MOUSE in my room !	I have been in this hostel first in october 2008 and then in January 2009.The main problem is that for the same price, you can have two really different rooms, that is explain the differences concerning the customers point of view.Barkston Gardens is a really nice street, close to the underground, which is great for tourists as well as business travelers.The first time we have had a nice room for £49. It was big enough for a weekend, clean and quiet. The rooms are clean each day.The second time we have had another room, tiniest and with a sad view on the other side of the street (with rubish etc). There was no glass between the toilets and the shower...But the main problem has been the presence of a mouse in our room ! We have been woke up during the night by some noises and I have discovered a mouse in my lugage, trying to eat crisps that we bought for the day after.When I told the receptionist about this problem, the main response was: 'well, we will call someone for a check up of this room but it must be because you have opened the window'.Well, I wasn't suppose to open the window ?!They haven't proposed to lower the price, no excuse for the problems have been made. Only a simple 'goodbye' when I have check out. They probably thought: 'a french young couple that we will never see again. Nevermind.'So a bad experience during our second visit, especially because of the service.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Value Rude Staff	Our experience with the St. Mark Hotel started off badly but ended ok. When we arrived we were told that there was no reservation for us. There was a misunderstanding with our credit card and instead of trying to contact me about the problem they did nothing. As the man at the check-in desk said &quot;I thought it was a joke.&quot; A joke? He didn't speak English that well so arguing with him got us no where. In any case, he did manage to find us a room at their sister hotel down the street, the Oxford Hotel. We came back the St. Mark the next night for the rest of our stay. We were initially put in a room for 3 people with a cot (we were a group of 4). With the cot in the room, the space was very tight, but we managed. We were then moved to a much larger room for 4 people and were very happy after that. The hotel was finishing up some renovations at the time, but this did not bother us. Everything was brand new and very clean (Ikea-like furnishings). The beds were moderately comfortable and no signs of bed bugs. There was a more than adequate bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower in the room, closet space, small table and chairs, and TV with satellite. There was no lift, but we were on the first floor so that did not bother us. Breakfast consisted of self-serve breads, eggs, meats and cheese, coffee, tea, and juice. It was available in the basement with limited seating and a TV. In both rooms that we stayed in, we were not disturbed by other guests making noise. We were however quite disturbed by the fire alarm going off each morning, presumably because of breakfast cooking. All in all, I'd say the hotel was much nicer than others in the area for the same price, but the costumer service leaves a lot to be desired.	
Oct 21 2008 	Rudeness at Front Desk concerning payment method	My regular Earls Court area Hotel was booked last weekend, so I did a search and found this one as a replacement. Their website accepts American Express cards as a form of deposit, but when I checked in I was rudely told...&quot;we don't accept that card, do you have a debit card?&quot; I replied NO, and asked why the website accepted AmEx for a deposit, if they did not accept the card. The response was ,&quot; It doesn't,&quot; even through I had in-fact used it. When I presented a Visa Credit Card for payment I was told &quot;there will be a 3% surcharge for using a credit card.&quot; I've just recheked their website and there is no mention of any surcharge, nor has American Express been removed as a payment option. In checking my Visa statement on-line today, I find I was charged the quoted rate upon check in - then upon check out was charged the quoted rate plus 3%, resulting in a &quot;pending&quot; charge for the former. I'm watching closely to be sure a &quot;double-bill&quot; isn't being attempted. As others have noted...THERE IS NO LIFT and the rooms are just OK...frankly there are better options, in this price range, in Earls Court. Because of that and the rude treatment at the front desk, I will not be using this property again.	
Jun 7 2008 	value for money	The time I was planning to book a hotel in Earl's court, I was scared of the comments I've read which I don't think it's helpful to evaluate this very nice hotel.First of all, the staff were helpful, they asked me which floor I like and they offered helping me with the bags as I'm less abled. Their welcome was friendy and warm. Having checked in, the front desk rang to make sure everything was ok.The room was spotlessly clean, the breakfast was more than excellent for a budget hotel.whenever I asked for help or directions, they were always helpful.I will definitely book this hotel the next time and I do recommend it to anybody wants to enjoy a holiday.	
Jun 1 2008 	Just for sleeping!	The St Marks Hotel has a few positive aspects: very close to Earl's Court Road tube station and in a very quiet road - yes, and it was relatively clean! All the rest is terrible: our twin room (#7) was very (really very) small. To reach the second bed was an artistic maneuver. There is almost no space for luggage - and no cupboards. The breakfast (continental) is at a minimum - and the breakfast room is a much too small room for quite a number of guest rooms.No place to sit a bit comfortable - neither in the room nor in the lobby! No athmosphere at all - and they charged for this period 70 Pounds!So rather look for another option!	
Apr 8 2008 	Vermin in bedroom!	On the last night of our stay there was vermin in the bedroom meaning my daughter was unable to sleep. The breakfast staff were extremely rude and the room that it was served in was the size of a cupboard with only 16 chairs to feed 27 rooms before half 9. There was a meger choice of food with only cornflakes or muesli then cheese and boiled eggs. Then tea and toast. On arrival our tv did not work and despite repeated requests for it to be fixed it remained broken for the durration of our stay. Bathroom light also did not work and when asked for it to be fixed was asked if we could &quot;do without it&quot; despite the fact there were no windows in the bathroom and the shaving light was also broken only coming on when hit. Also were it says it is possible to leave your luggage for a few hours there was actually no where to store it and instead you have to leave it lying in the hall way where anyone could pass by and lift it.	
Jan 8 2008 	Lovely stay	My friend and I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. We were both very pleased with our stay. The bathroom was very nice, though small, you had more than enough space for one person.The first morning it was very cold but we discovered the oven under the window had been set to the lowest termostate. After turning i t up it was very pleasant. The breakfast room was small but we were allowed to bring the food to our room when it was full, as long as we brought back the plates. That was only necessary 1 day, the other days we got a table in the breakfast room.The staff was very nice. When asking for an extra blanket since we only had 1 they had one ready for us in our room when we returned later the same day.We booked a double bed since that were the cheapest offer. But we had plenty of room beside the one side of the bed and under the window. There even was a table in our room. We had two suitcases and still room on the floor. Tv didn't have the best quality but it was ok. Only thing I missed was a remote control.The kitchen was very convenient with fridge and microwaveowen. Very easy to cook your own dinner:)Payed 45£ for the room. Was worth it. When you find a cheap, 2 star hotel you cannot expect king zize room or luxarius. Stilll it was more than enogh.All in all we had a nice stay:) Will definetly come back!	
Dec 29 2007 	Will not ever stay there again	The room for 4 was very small but we were okay with that. However, the staff was very unhelpful. The heater in our room was not working properly and when asked, he directed us to a thermostat in the corridor which we could not reach due to a huge pile of towels on the floor. We had to ask him many times before he finally came up to check on the heater. On the next morning, when we were still in the room, one of the hotel staff turned off the central heater and we were freezing in our room. On top of that, the window could not shut properly and the cold draft could come in. It was a terrible experience and the breakfast was miserable. I will not stay in this hotel again and will not recommend this to anyone.	
Oct 17 2007 	Would not stay here again	We were very disappointed with our stay at St Mark Hotel, the hotel was not completed, our room seemed like it was not yet finished and smelled strongly of fresh paint which gave you a headache after too long. Housekeeping did not knock or announce themselves before entering, simply walked into the room. The rest of the hotel staff were very rude. I had come down with food poisoning and was violently sick the whole nite, as such we were running late packing up the next morning so my boyfriend went up to reception to inform them of the situation and to let them know we would be 15 mins late checking out. The hotel staff first got our booking mixed up and angrily accused us of checking out 2 days early, then when they finally got the right booking they told him to &quot;go faster, faster&quot; and hurry up and get out of the room.Finally, when we ordered a cab through the reception they called what I can only assume was one of their friends, as he did not have a meter and charged an exorbitant amount which they did not inform us about before we got into the cab (we also overheard the driver and hotel manager discussing the commission on the fare!).The hotel staff/managers seemed more pre-occupied with fixing their hotel as opposed to running and taking care of their guests. I would not stay here again.	
Oct 9 2007 	st mark hotel	We were booked for the York Hotel but due to them double booking us, we were sent to this hotel in nearby street It is clean enough and had adequate breakfast but was in the middle of renovations,resulting in mess and rubbish blocking hallways and severe paint smell Steep stairs- No lifts -so unsuitable for elderly or disabled Staff don't follow up requests for simple things like toilet paper Tiny rooms very stuffy	
Sep 22 2007 	Great value friendly service	We checked out this hotel while staying next door at Merlyn Court and decided to book it via the internet for the night we would be returning to London. The hotel is newly renovated and we loved it here. The rate is lower than Merlyn Court, with good, friendly service, and a great breakfast. Location is very convenient, about 3 minutes' walk from Earls Court Tube Station. The only thing was we were on the fourth floor and there was no elevator, but then isn't that the norm with budget hotels in London anyway? I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Pagato sotto la media degli hotel di Londra senza troppe pretese..		
Aug 31 2009 	Comodo e pulito. Perfetto per chi cerca un hotel normale ad un buon prezzo.		
Jul 8 2009 	correcto y mas cuando vas con reservas de expedia		
May 6 2009 	Rapido e senza fronzoli		
Mar 1 2009 	manque de precisions		
Jul 19 2008	Nie wieder!		
Jun 17 2008 	non lo consiglio assolutamente		
Mar 7 2008 	Qualità/prezzo... per Londra... OTTIMO!		
Mar 4 2008 	limpio		
Nov 21 2007 	Mala experiencia en Hotel ST. MARK y OXFORD HOTEL		
