Oct 29 2009 	Beware Hotel run by Scam artists and thieves!!!	We were quoted and charged one rate for 2 people over the phone. Checked with 2 people and paid for the next 2 nights in advance. the following day, the Manager calls to say that we have to pay more because there are 2 people in the room. We refused to pay and he got rude and said 'pay more or leave'. We wanted to confer with our traveling partner ref the booking details but before we could call them (phone system wasn't working properly) in their room, the Manager called back to say that he did charge an extra 50lbs, needless to say we checked out. When we got to the check in/out counter, the Manager had left for the day (disappeared in 15 minutes!!!). When we returned the following morning, we told him (as the credit card company told us) &quot;we want a refund or else we will report this to our Credit Card company&quot;. The Manager refused to give any refund and basically said ' let your credit card company deal with it'.Now, when we were checking out, another lady was trying to check in and the clerk was trying to charge her 85lbs for a room with a double bed for only herself. (they were trying to charge us - not for the double bed that was in our room but for having 2 people in the room). We told her that we were checking out because they were scamming us. She followed us out and asked for details and then went to another establishment.	
Aug 29 2009	Avoid at all costs!	I was ripped off for two nights that I didn't stay here, in fact I refused to stay in this dump at all. When I tried to cancel at first, the very rude and snotty desk person told me there was a 48 hour cancellation policy, so by all rights I should have only paid for one night. When I tried to do the cancellation, the 'manager' wasn't there and was told to come back the next day...where they said the 48 hours notice still held. Total rip off...many nicer hotels in the area.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good refurb	Booked through hotels.com and got a good rate. Single room was advised as single bed - in UK terms small double, so great for overweight single person. Hotel on floors 9-15 of office block so a slighlty unusual arrangement but good views - mine staright to the BT Tower.Room had recently been refurbished in modern David Collins style. Absolutely brilliant. It felt like a designer hotel than standard business 4*. Bathroom similarly upgraded with marble style tiles and power shower. Budget had been stretched as doors were obviously repaints of the original 1960s versions.Bar and restaurant were shut when I got up to them c. 23:55, so can't comment. Front desk staff were efficient and covered the formalities as fast as they could. One lift undergoing refurbishment in August 2009 so might be an issue at 08:30 if the hotel were packed.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good location but nothing special	Just stayed one night , although others in our party stayed longer. Its a great location just a few steps for Oxford Circus and the tube and an easy walk to Regents Park. Unusually for London most of the rooms have good views because the hotel only starts on the 9th floor and there are no obtrusive buildings around. However the whole place is a little bit Fawlty towers. Its ageing a bit and the service is inconsistent. The reason for coming here is the location and the fact that you can get some good deals - but don't expect anything great.	
May 1 2009 	Much better than I expected-A Good Value	My wife and I stayed at the St. George's for two nights. I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the room and the bathroom, which appears to have been recently remodeled.The room was very small, but we did not plan to stay in our hotel, rather we came to see London.The breakfast, which is included, was excellent. It included eggs, bacon, sausage, toast and coffee.We had to leave about 3 o'clock in morning in order to catch a flight. The staff arranged for a cab pickup for us.The only downside was that the alarm clock did not work. You also have to go outside to get to the other building for breakfast, although the weather was great when we wre there. Also, no lift - luckily we only had to go up one flight of stairs.I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a place to sleep. Nothing fancy, but a very nice place!	
Apr 10 2009 	Booked in for wrong date-rude staff 	I booked two triple rooms ensuite for myself and 5 friends on a hens weekend.Upon arrival, the receptionist was most unpleasant in greeting us.She advised us to take a seat and left us waiting half hour.Ithen asked her is there a problem.She just grunted and said yes there is a problem &amp; to take a seat.Another 15 mins later,we were advised there was a mistake with our booking, that we were booked in for 28th April instead of 28th March despite having an email confirmation of the booking on the correct date.She basically blamed and slated her collegaue for the mistake in front of us.We were later relocated to an awful hotel further away &amp; relocated yet again for the 2nd night.Upon our return to Dublin, I contacted the manager of St Georges to which I am still waiting on him to look into it and get back to me.We missed the Westend show we had tickets to first night because of the delays in eventually getting rooms &amp; it completely ruined our weekend.	
Nov 18 2008 	Totally unreliable and dishonest	I booked the hotel 2 months in advance, but when I arrived at midnight I heard a story about broken central heating and was directed to another hotel miles away from the centre. The receptionist did not even say sorry. I found a very decent hotel a bit further away also called St. George's in St.Georges Drive	
Nov 3 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We have just come back from a 3 night stay at St Georges, 4 Adults and 1 child. The hotel is one of the cleanest I have seen in London the decor was very modern and new. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms were cleaned everyday we were there. I can't see what people have to complain about this is a basic hotel and does the job i.e a room to sleep. I have stayed in worse hotels. I will be returning to London in March and will definitely be booking here. We had an English breakfast in the morning ok you had to go to the cafe around the corner for your breakfast but so what it was 30 secs away. If you are looking for a budget hotel that is clean then look no further we had a great time and would recommend to anyone apart from people who want everything handed to them on a silver platter!	
Jul 22 2008 	Horribly rude and ignorant staff	Myself and my fiance stayed at the St George's Hotel in London, Victoria, for two nights in July 2008. The location of this hotel is excellent, and our room was OK for the price (although TV picture was rubbish and the bed much too soft) but we won't be returning our custom due to the incredible rudeness of the two women, possibly sisters, who apparently run the place. These women number among the least service-minded people we have had the misfortune to meet. They gave us totally false advice on parking (which we thankfully noticed before paying £25 per day!), were impatient and arrogant, ignored any polite greetings, blanked us completely at breakfast and delayed our service until we had to leave without and eat elsewhere. During our futile wait to get served at breakfast we heard one of the women snap at a couple whose child had been waiting for his breakfast so long that the parents had already eaten. I recommend this hotel only if you are immune to outright bad manners and do not mind being treated like the worst kind of inconvenience having paid a significant sum of money on arrival.	
Apr 21 2008	A pleasent stay at St George's Hotel Belgrave road London	London 17th-20th April 2008We were suprised to enter this great room, new furnuture and completely new clean bathroom, I can really recommend room no 214. The perfect location just a few minutes walk from Vicoria station was great considering our late arrival, the best Hotel I´ve ever stayed at for such a human cost.Having to eat breakfast at a separate cafe nearby just made it more different in a positive sense. Friendly staff as well!!Greetings from two very pleased vistitors from sweden.	
Dec 13 2007 	Not soo bad	HI! The hotel is located very well. Yes, the rooms were tiny, the toilette was like in a camper (in the double room). But it was clean, good heated and...cheap. We paid 240 EUR for a double room for 3 night (from Friday to Monday)+ English breakfast (354 EUR for a quid). For me it was ok!!! (in center of LONDON!!!). The only &quot;negative side&quot; was the bar where you get the breakfast... lazy!!! Have a nice trip	
Oct 16 2007	Not Great in the slightest	I echo most of the comments on this page. Staff were very slow and didnt know I was expected. Also they chaged me more than advertised and refused to provide a reciept. The member of staff on the desk either pretended not to understand me or ignored me when I questioned this. Avoid this hotel and stick to the hotel chains I say!	
Sep 27 2007 	nothing good to say	The hotel is advertised as a 3* hotel. This hotel, unfortunately, has nothing in common with what I would expect from a 3* hotel. A number of examples: the reception is tiny, the staff are unfriendly, I was on the 6th floor (they told me I was on the 3rd when I checked in) and there is no lift; the rooms are tiny; no tea/coffee in the room; i woke up with bites of some sorts on my neck, back and legs; there is no shampoo provided in the rooms; there is nothing like an internet service; the TV didnt really work and no satellite channels; hotels.com charged me more than the actual rack rates ...... I could go on and on	
Jun 6 2007 	Avoid if possible	You don't expect much from this type of a hotel, and being fair, the room was OK for the price. However, you _do_ expect a minimum of courtesy from the owner/manager, and you don't get that at St. George's. My advice: AVOID.jrk	
Apr 6 2007 	Ordinary	The room and bathroom were adequate, albeit a bit antiquated. The TV reception was poor. The sink and mirror in the bathroom were too low down for me to shave. The was no showering section of the bathroom per se. There was a shower head and a curtain, which meant the the water from the shower spilled all over the bathroom.The bed was neat and clean.There was an awful lot of cupboard space. I thought the space could have been better utilised with kitchen facilities.I suspect the receptionist was an illegal immigrant. He was in the reception day and night and was always quick to look around the corner whenever I was in the vicinity. He also had a shafty mannerism about him - I'm glad that I paid cash in hindsight.All in all it was good enough, but I would not pay more than 35 quid a night for it and I would try to bargain the receptionist down to 25 quid (in winter you can get single hotel rooms down the street for that price).	
Oct 11 2006 	Toilet in a cuboard	We chose to stay here because on the map it looked close to the victoria theatre where we were seeing a show. The location was great, really close to the bus and train station and also Buckingham palace ect. The room was tiny and was clearly a one bed room with twin beds in it. there was no closet to hang clothes and the toilet was in a cuboard, as was a shower however at 5&quot;5 i was too big to use it. The room was cheap so i think you pay for what u get. In future i would pay more for a better hotel.	
Aug 2 2006 	Very rude Manager steals money	I called to book a room at this Hotel for the 27th Aug. I later cancelled having realised they were charging me 70 pounds, not 50 per night as adverstised. On July the 31st I noticed that 70 pounds had been taken from my current account by the Hotel. The manager claims I did not show up for the 27th July reservation. He refuses to refund my money, and Citizens Advice Bureau say that if I can't prove I did not make the July booking them it's entirely within the Managers descision. How are you supposed to prove that I booked the August date not July, when I made the booking over the phone. Extremely unpleasant people who answer the phones, they don't like answering queries and god help you if you book direct with them as you don't have a leg to stand on.	
Nov 12 2009 	Dégueulasse salle glauque		
Oct 9 2009 	Schönes Hotel aber etwas ausserhalb		
Sep 23 2009 	Recomendable		
Aug 22 2009 	hotel correcto y limpio		
Oct 21 2008 	Muy contento despues de lo que se lee en los foros		
