Oct 2 2009 	Very Accommodating	My husband and 14 year old booked this hotel through our travel agent after a 14 day cruise. Upon checking in for 2 nights before going back to NY, we were told by the desk clerks that our room was not ready. That seemed likely since it was 1pm. We had lunch and returned to find that our prepaid voucher wasn't valid. After a call to our travel agent in NY we were told that we would be reimbursed. Fortunately, there was a room. I read some of the reviews and this hotel is definitely under new mangagement. All of the desks clerks were personable and helpful. While we were at lunch they inquired as to why the vocher was invalid. Apparently it was a 3rd party mistake. Although the room was small, it was new,clean and modern. The breakfast consisted of fresh ground coffee, salmon, eggs, fruit, toast, etc.. It is around the corner from the tube and near restaurants and shops. We would stay there again.	
May 28 2009 	been there once and never again	Don't go there..[poor service, no toilet as it was out of order we were still hungry after breakfast,, no i would not recommend the' Rasool'	
Jun 9 2008 	you shouldn't...	I stayed there for 3 nights the last autumn and I've never been in such a horrible hole!! The bathroom is a dirty and pestilence plastic cabin, and the room was really uncomfortable. Narrow and cold...even we found our bed made every day.....The breakfast is disapointing...just a pair of toastes, jam and tea or coffee. We were lucky we did a lot of sightseeing and we hadn't to be there...It was the first trip alone with my partner and, although it wasn't a romantic stay...we still laugh about the experience. Eduard FolchBarcelona	
Nov 1 2007 	do not go to the rasool	Good god. i have stayed in many hotels all over the country, and never in my life have a stayed in such a hole. The location was perfect as we were watching leicester - chelsea. I would rather of slept in a shed. The room was tiny. the showers were, well disgusting. the room was no bigger than a small wardrobe. the basin flooded. the toilet was filthy, and the sink was mingin. the room stank.I do not understand how the hotel has 2 stars. it isent fit enough to be a hostel. infact i wouldent take my dogs there if it became a kennels. Its fowl.please just pay a little extra and dont go to this excuse of hospitality. the staff are rude and ignorant. The place is vulgur. I had a long bath when i eventually got home because i smelled like the Rasool.And a B + B that does not serve a full englise IN ENGLAND is a disgrace. Soggy toast and cornflakes even look dirty.The complimentory tea in the room was awful. The milk was 1 day out of date. the cups were dirty. Its an awful place. I was tempted that evening to commit a murder as staying in a cell would of been a pleasure over the rasool. My honest advise. do NOT STAY AT THE RASOOL, ITS DYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1.Joefrom Lincoln	
Oct 30 2007 	Double standards	We booked 4 nights at Rasool and discovered there are 2 standards of accommodation. Our first night was awful and everything the negative reviews claimed. Strong septic smell from the tiny (no bigger than an airline toilet) toilet /shower cubicle. The smell was overwhelming after coming back to the room after a few hours away. A sewerage/septic pipe running straight down the wall so whenever someone above flushed we heard it - not pleasant! Dirty towels (brown??? stains); cigarette burn in the top sheet;dirty walls; tiny room - so small we could not get past each other to cross from the door to the toilet without one of us sitting on the bed - overall an unpleasant experience. We asked for a better room the next day and were relocated to a room on the 5th floor. This room was good and of an acceptable standard for 2 star hotel. The bathroom was still small but ok and the room was clean and of reasonable size. If we had this room in the beginning we would have doubted the negative reviews. The Rasool is very well located just minutes from the metro and close to supermarkets, bars and restaurants so if you are lucky enough to get a 'good' room you will be happy...beware if you get one of the smelly rooms - they are appalling and no-one should be staying in them. In regard to staff - all the reception staff (with the exception of an older man who was rude and disinterested ) were friendly and helpful.	
Oct 29 2007	Wonderful clean friendly little hotel	We came to Rasool court after the hotel that we booked turned out to look like a jail sell with a shared unisex group bathroom ( I shudder to think of it ). we got a room at rasool for just a bit more, but the difference was night and day. the rooms were small, but so so well kept. clean, nice, new. the bathroom was also very modern and pleasant. as was the staff. a pleasure for both the budget traveler and the not so budget traveler who refuses to pay the ridiculous london prices for a average 3* hotel.	
Sep 18 2007 	Rasool Court a little Gem	My husband, daughter, and I arrived in England from a long flight from Canada at 4:00 a.m. We arrived at the Rasool Court at approximately 7:00 a.m. Check-in time is not until 1:00 p.m.We were allowed to basically crash in the lounge and were permitted entry to our room at 11:00 a.m. The staff were extremely friendly, helpful, and accomodating. Our room had three very clean beds. Nice clean white sheets, pillows, and comforters. The room itself was perfectly clean. The bathroom, albeit tiny, was functional and clean. We ate our breakfast, in the breakfast room every day. It was a continental breakfast. The Rasool never states that it serves a full English breakfast or that the dining room is open for all meals so I don't understand the complaints. The room was clean and the staff friendly.The Rasool is a buget hotel, not the Ritz.. We had a wonderful stay and it didn't cost us an arm and a leg. It is close to Earl's Court station and all the sights. Those individuals who are full of complaints, perhaps you should have paid an arm and a leg and stayed at a hotel in Knightsbridge. My family had no complaints about the Rasool Court Hotel. Our room was made up every day. We didn't request clean sheets or towels every day as I don't do that at home. It isn't necessary. If you are staying for a much longer period of time, I'm sure that these items would have been changed at your request. Sometimes, it is the manner in which an individual requests things that causes problems.We are planning to revisit England and London again in 2009 and are definately planning to stay at the Rasool Court Hotel for the few days that we will be in London. In fact, I keep a personal eye on the rates being charged from time to time in order to plan our next trip accordingly. Let's face it, travelling to other countries can be very expensive. We chose the Rasool Court Hotel because it fit our travel budget and we got more than our monies worth.My adivce to individuals is: if you want a low budget hotel but the Ritz atmostphere, stay at the Ritz.Thankyou for the opportunity to state my opinionssincerely,Susan Hall-AmadoManitoba, Canada	
Sep 8 2007 	Worse hotel ever even the worst motel is better.	This hotel was filthy, you could just feel the ticks all over your body the minute you got in the room, and the bedbugs the instant you sat on the bed, not to mention that it smelled terrible and it got to the point that even the doors were filthy and greasy. I should also point out the huge cockroach in the bedroom I had to kill. When we got checked in the staff was rude, mean and unfriendly.The photos for this hotel are complete false advertisement, and I just cannot believe how someone has not sued them yet because of this. The bathroom was so tiny you could barely fit in it (and me and my daughter are about 5ft-5'2 petite women), the first day we stayed in the showers drain didn't work and made a huge pool all over the &quot;bathroom&quot; which was about the same size of an airplane, shower and all.They don't change the bedsheets, and just as another review said there were hair in them. We knew this was a cheap hotel and didn't expect anything fancy or glamorous, but we at least expected something decent and where you could at least sleep and shower.Another problem I had with this hotel was how it was built like a labyrinth, the door to the floor I was staying said &quot;fire exit&quot;, you had to push doors everywhere and you could just expect room number 10, to be on the room tagged 'Room 3 to 5'. In case of a fire this hotel would be a serious hazard, from all the doors that were tagged as 'fire exits' there was just one that was on the breakfast room (which I should mention it's only open in the morning) The City of London should really take this hotels license right away and put an end to all of this before something tragic occurs.	
May 25 2007 	Worst hotel i've ever stayed in	My girlfriend and I went to Lodon for the Give It A Name festival but since we both had time off work we wanted to go down a couple days before the festival to look around and be tourists.We thought we'd stay near Earls Court as the festival was in the exhibition center. After going to the travel agents and asking for budget hotels in the Earls Court area, this looked, from the brochure/website, one of the best for the money (£35 a night).When we got there my first impression was it wasn't too bad. The reception area was clean and the staff were well dressed, I wouldn't say they were friendly, helpful. There was no &quot;enjoy your stay&quot;, we were just told our room number and given the key. The decoration on the staircase up to the room was old, looked raggy to say the least. The carpets were pretty stained and generally dirty.Once we got to our room it was kinda all down hill from there. Now I didn't expect a top of the range room or anything too special, what I did expect was it to be clean and 'nice'. A member of staff came with a box off coffee/tea/sugar sachets , probably the finishing touch to our room. Anyhoo, here's a list of things I didn't like: The bed was dirty, there were hairs in the bed and in the pillow cases, there were stains on the bed. Red stains. The carpet was dusty behind furniture, the caprpet hadn't been hoovered before we arrived (dust, crumbs?), the plugs were hanging off the walls. Literally. One of them didn't even work (I think there was 3 plugs in total). The telephone wire was across the floor. There was no hair drier. In the bathroom there were cigarette marks on the system where cigarettes had been stubbed out. The bathroom was like a cupbord it was tiny. The shower leaked all over the floor. Dead bugs in the window. There was no window in the bathroom, just an extractor fan which was really noisy! There was nothing to stop you slipping on the floor once youd had a shower. In the wardrobe there was 3 coathangers for 2 people (i didn't expect many, but 3?) There's more, it was basically awful.On the first night we went to complain and told the guy behind reception our issues with the place. He began to write something down and then went to get us clean sheets and new toilet rolls. Not sure how this makes the above all better but it was better than nothing i guess. we slept in the clean sheets (these were also stained!) on top of the old and every night we hid them so we weren't left to use the old ones.I've stayed in a lot of hotels in London, budget ones too. Nothing compared to this one, this was terrible. I really really really wouldn't stay here. I never tried breakfast and from reading other reviews i'm glad I didn't!	
Apr 16 2007 	You get what you pay for - but not awful	For a cheap place in the middle of London this place is all right. For £35 I got a single room which was well enough furnished - comfortable bed, sink, TV, desk and the staff were all right.Its nothing special, but I didnt see any of the severe problens other reviewers had.Didnt try breakfast though as had to leave early. lack of any showers was also offputting. Might go back again if was in London.	
Mar 10 2007 	Avoid the Rasool Court Hotel	We were directed here when we booked with United Escapes only to arrive at our hotel in Hammersmith had switched inexplicably to the Rasool in Earls Court. Location was fine, but the hotel worse than awful. The first room in the basement was tiny and had problems with high water level in the bathroom. Then the not very well-connected electric outlet shorted out. We returned on the third day to discover we'd been moved to a new room upstairs. We walked in and were overwhelmed with stink. The sewer gas was pouring out of the drains and toilet into the room. We complained, but were told it was connected with the water level and that the workers were coming. Needless to say, they never came, room fresheners and disinfectants barely made the room habitable. Then in the middle of one night the ceiling started pouring in rain from a crack where the balcony above the bow window joined the building. We mentioned it several times along with the smell and were told their was no leak. Given that the wall paper and ceiling were and had been coming down before the recent rain, that is just silly. The bottom line is that the place was beyond a tip and we were stuck because they had our money from the online booking and we could do nothing but complain ineffectually. Avoid like the plague.	
Feb 5 2007 	It's Not Worth the Hassle!!! 	What a [$**t H**}....The staff were ignorant, unhelpful and basically not bothered about our welfare!We called the hotel direct before we made a booking as, myself, my wife and daughter of 15 months wanted to find out about the services it provided. We were told that they had a lift to ALL floors, Satellite TV, tea &amp; coffee facilities (as standard).Initially we thought this was reasonable and also helpful what with having a buggy to push around all day...... But, boy were we WRONG!!!After struggling with our suitcases, and a young child, and a buggy to get up the crumbling stairs, we were told our room was in the basement, where the lift does NOT go!!! The room, when we finally found it, was damp, cramped, and stuck in a time warp! We had origionally booked for a week but managed to put up with the cheap cornflakes, (or puffed rice), soggy toast and not fit for human consumption tea or coffee (these are the ONLY choices for your continental breakfast) we left after 3 days !!!You have been warned!!!	
Jan 14 2007	Just avoid it.	We booked this accomodation from our local Travel Agency here in Italy. As we had to stay just a couple of night in London, we asked for a cheap hotel and they found us this &quot;hotel&quot; from their catalogs but they did't know anything about it. So for us it was something like a blind date... as soon we arrived, we understood what was there for us. The man at the desk was really unfriendly, like if he was doing us a favour. The overall look was dirty, tatty and poor from the first sight. Our room was located in the basement, just a narrow windows and no fire excapes... very tiny, dirty, mould smell and humidity stains all over the walls. The bathroom was like those on trailers and campers, a sort of stamped plastic shell barely the size of a standing man. My wife lifted a pillow to have a look under it and, what a surprise, there were some hairs on the linen! That was enough, we left immediately asking for a refund... the man refused to refund us the first night because we had &quot;already gone into the room&quot;... we found another nice hotel about 100 mt from there, the Comfort Inn, clean and comfy.	
Nov 17 2006	You get what you pay for	Thought the hotel looked the best in the street, reception clean, then had to battle with the receptionist to get him to understand that for the three couples that had booked they hadn't booked two rooms each and we were only going to pay for one. Which was a big mistake should have looked at the rooms first. What a mess didn’t want to touch anything sink cracked walls with no wallpaper on after it was obvious that repairs had been done. I am usually a quiet person but when serve with a milk jug for the cereal that had its spout broken off and the chips all the way a round rim. I suggested that it was fit for the bin as it was not acceptable. No excuss for dirt, what must overseas visitors think.	
Sep 18 2006	Avoid like the plague!!!!!	The hotel Rasool looks nice from the outside, but you can never judge a book by its cover!!The place is an absolute disgrace. We were booked in there through work because unfortunately there were no rooms down the road in the Ibis which is where we normally stay. The hotel staff were unfriendly and made you feel like they were doing you a favour by taking your £60.00 cash off you for a single room!!The room was a dump and was unclean.I would not pay £10.00 to stay here again and would prefer to sleep rough on a park bench beacause it would be cleaner.I cannot stress enough Avoid!! Avoid!! Avoid!!!!	
Jul 8 2006	Awful place but cheap	Like the last review said, I wish I'd seen this site before going to the Rasool Court Hotel. I stayed for two nights with my wife and I was sorry for taking her there. The staff were unfriendly when we arrived - I had to ask the same question three times before I got an answer from the receptionist because he was watching the TV. When I started to ask my next question, he interrupted me with an answer to a question I wasn't asking. 'Bad start', I thought. The bedroom was miserable and the tiny bathroom was quite horrible. Although my wife had a hot shower on the first morning, I was unlucky - there was no more hot water. The problem hadn't been fixed by the next morning and we both had cold showers. The staff in the breakfast room - another miserable little place - weren't much friendlier than the receptionist and we didn't bother going there on the second morning.Having said all that, we weren't robbed, the place was cheap and it was in a good location - that's why I'm giving it two stars instead of one. I'd just recommend travellers to go somewhere else...	
Jun 29 2006	Avoid at all costs	Why oh why did I not vist this site before booking the Rasool Court??? I found this hotel via a very reputable aireline site.We were in London for 3 days and wanted something basic but clean and comfortable.Basic we got but cleanlieness and comfort were not an option with this hotel. I have stayed in better hostels on remote Islands. As soon as we entered the lobby we were dubious,the place smelled damp and mouldy.The receptionist was friendly and quickly checked us in.I had called the hotel the day before and this gentleman had assured me our room was available and that it was clean,spacious and well kitted out.Nothing could be further from the truth.The lift when it eventually arrived was filled floor to ceiling with dirty linen,(the household staff were running down the stairs to empty it!). The lift was tiny and dirty.Our room was the same,cramped with stained carpet,dirty curtains,rotten window frames,sagging beds and a shower in the cornerwith a dirty plastic curtain.On complaing we were given keys to 2 other rooms which were marginally better but substandard.We quickly exited the hotel and found 2 very comfortable rooms in the Comfort Inn 2 doors away.I am amazed that anyone can get away with this type of service in a modern city.I have complained to the hotel and airline in question and hopefully I can prevent you from making the same mistake as me!	
May 26 2006	stay away......	i booked this hotel for one night.staff apperaed very friendly and efficient over the phone.on arrival seeing the bed room..was a shock...... bath room should have been fitted in a dollhouse.pillows were dirty cups and tea facillaties was very poor service zero rating.will never go again..my advice is to stay away.......	
Nov 17 2005	Good value for money and unfair criticism	I stayed there last week and OK while it's not exactly the Ritz I think some of the criticism is a bit strong(by the way I am not related to the owner).The hotel does have something going for it, the staff are friendly, the location is excellent round the corner from Earls Court tube. The rooms while basic are clean enough which is all I would expect for £35 a night B/B in Central London.	
Sep 23 2005	Cheap and Nasty!!!	Gosh! Where do you start? Some of the Youth Hostels I've stayed would class as 5* compared to this place.Shabby room/furniture, dirty carpet/curtains, faulty window/tv/toilet/light bulb/telephone, child-size ensuite and scary lift.But granted: the bed linen was thankfully clean and the location was its one and only advantage.We paid £75/night for a triple room and to add insult to injury we found (much too late for us) that for only £30/night extra (£10 per person) we could have stayed next door at the Comfort Inn!We didn't even risk trying 'the breakfast’ and just couldn’t wait for our 2-night ordeal to be over.	
Aug 28 2005	pretty good for the price	I see that a lot of people have been very upset about this hotel, but I wanted to report some satisfaction with the place!Our room was small but CLEAN which is surely the important thing. It is true that there was no hairdryer. The breakfast was disappointing, although I liked the coffee.Staff were friendly and polite and the location is EXCELLENT, and I definitely felt safe. All in all, I didn't mind it for a bargain place, by London standards.	
Jul 27 2005	strongly NOT recommended	We booked two rooms (one single and one double) for two nights. What a mistake. Never again. If you can avoid it, I strongly recommend you do.The atmosphere is dark and the staff very cold. It was pretty sinister, and we felt very un-safe. Both rooms looke like they needed a good renovation. The bed sheets were old and the curtains dirty. The &quot;hospitality tray&quot; (little box with tea/coffe/sugar) was missing in the double room and the toilet paper was missing in the single room. Although we announced the reception, we never got them during our stay. Not to mention the non-existing hair-dryers. In both rooms.The curtains in our room (double) were stained with something that looked very similar to blood. The bathroom was not cleaned before us as we have found a (used) plasture in the shower and (used) cotton buds in the sink. The &quot;best&quot; part was the breakfast. We were told we are going to get a continental breakfast. As we know the continental breakfast contains some toast, jam, butter, ham/salami, cheese and other cold snacks. They should call their breakfast &quot;starter for an english breakfast&quot;. The first morning each one of us got a glass of Tesco value orange juice (trust me I know the taste from my student years), two pieces of toast, some butter and jam, one cup of coffe and corn flakes and milk. When my husbanded asked for the rest of the breakfast he was very abruptly told that he doesn't need to worry about it as the chap there was in charge. It was a &quot;take it or leave it&quot; deal. Or even better &quot;if you know what's good for you shut up&quot;. The second morning we got the same minus the orange juice which was probably a &quot;treat&quot; for the first morning.Other guests we saw in the breakfast room were as confused as us and were not satisfied with their booking. I do not know how did this hotel get two stars. Again, I can not say this strongly enough. If you can avoid this hotel, please do.	
Jul 7 2005	HATED IT	Myself and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel on saturday 2nd July 2005. We were going to Live 8 at Hyde Park and this was only cheap hotel i could find available at such short notice. On arrival the hotel looked ok. Check in time was 12 o'clock and as we had arrived in London at 8am we left our luggage in the lounge and went back at 12 o'clock to be told that check in time was in fact half 12 to 1. We were also told they didnt know where the cleaner was and didnt know if our room was ready. we were advised to check the room and if it wasnt clean to go back down and let them know. we went up to our room and it hadnt been cleaned. all the mess from the previous guests was still there, it was disgusting. when i told reception they said they would try and find the cleaner and the room would be ready within 20 minutes. by this time we only had an hour til the concert started so we took fresh towels, managed to get a shower in the pokey filthy bathroom and left. when we returned later the room had been cleaned but it still wasnt great. i couldnt even bring myself to get into the bed, i slept on the covers and was relieved to leave first thing the next morning. i know they say you only get what you pay for (we paid 57 quid for the night) but i expected the place to be clean. Would definitely not recommend this hotel!	
Jan 5 2005	Handy but dirty	Treated my husband to a surprise trip to london for christmas. Oh what a surprise, it was very handy to the tube, and on first impressions looked well. Booked a twin bedroom but was told there was a leak and got two single rooms. Mine wasnt bad my husbands had no lightbulb and was very dark and pokey. Breakfast was okay. But it wasnt cleaned once in the three nights we stayed only emptied the bins. Wouldnt go there again nor would we recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 14 2004	find a better hotel	Very small rooms. Bed covers have not been washed in ages. In suite bathrooms are tiny and dirty. Triple room #50 on third floor has shower with no door and the curtain does not protect much at all, so you end up with wet bathroom after you take shower. The toilet flush did not work and service guy came up to show us how to use it. We asked to move to another room and they moved us the next day during our absence (a positive sign of OK service) Breakfast is cereal, tea or coffee, orange juice and toasts. After first day my wife and daughter did not even want to come to this &quot;breakfast&quot;. During our one week stay they drooped orange juice from menu. All this for $150/night triple room. Location is the only good thing about this hotel. Some people in this discussion say &quot;you get what you paid for&quot;. In my opinion fair price for triple room in this hotel is $50 per night. Find another hotel for your money.	
Jun 25 2004	Lovely Stay	I stayed at Rasool Court Hotel for a week. I really enjoyed the stay. The location was superb. And even close to the tube station. Rooms were good, clean. Its was worth staying for the money spent.	
May 5 2004	Simple and convenient	We checked in 29 April &amp; out 3 May 2004. The location is great. Just about 2 minutes away from Earls Court Underground - Earls Court Road exit. TESCO supermarket is at walking distance for our groceries. The room is ok and simple. We have a problem with water pressure since we were given the highest floor. The floor in the room is a bit noisy when we step on it - should be wood flooring.They have daily housekeeping but towel only changed after 3 days of our stay. Overall, our stay is good. The best thing is LOCATION and the surrounding - no need to worry when your stomach is making noise. If you have no problem with a simple accommodation and easy access to London attractions, this is the place to stay as your base.	
Mar 8 2004	You get what you pay for!!!!	 This hotel is ideal if you are looking for somewhere inexpensive to bed down for the night in London and don't really care about luxury. Me and 2 friends stayed the night and it was fine - clean and functional. The miniature lift and airplane-style bathrooms are worth a visit alone!!!I wouldn't recommend it as a base for a foreign visitor for a long time, but for short, cheap stays it's a diamond!!! 	
Dec 5 2003	Rasool Court Hotel	We have just returned from a week in London UK. We stayed at the Rasool Court Hotel in the Earls Court area. This is an old hotel but for the price was fine. Saw aother reviews that this was a bad place to stay but we had no problems. We did not like the first room (had an unusual odor that would not go away) they gave us and when we spoke to the management they were more than accomodating in changing the room. This was a busy week for them as Fleetwood Mac gave a performance less than a block away. We would stay in this hotel again. Great location for the tube also.	
Jun 9 2003	The most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed in!	I stayed in this hotel with four other friends. When we booked the hotel we booked a triple and a twin because no-one wanted to sleep on their own. When we got there, we were given keys to a double and three singles! Anyway we checked out the rooms. The double had a shower but the light near it had broken so you had to wash in the dark, and one of the singles was miles away from the toilet and when we did check out the facilities, the toilet had leaked all over the floor. We told the bloke on reception but he really wasn't interested. Bearing in mind this is a budget option in London, it was still absolutely disgusting. We left the hotel the next morning feeling dirty and exhausted, having not slept at all. I pity anyone who chooses to stay here!	
Dec 12 2002	Avoid this dishonest hotel!	I have not stayed in this hotel, but I made and cancelled a reservation at this hotel. A month after I cancelled my reservation, they still charged me a deposit for the first night, and I cancelled this reservation more than 6 months before the cancellation deadline. However, after many emails to the hotel and internet website (who said they have nothing to do with the charge), they still refuse to refund my deposit and it has been over 2 months. If they have to be dishonest in this, I can ony imagine how my stay in this hotel would have been like. If you stay in this hotel, I would recommend you look at your checkout bill very carefully.	
Oct 8 2008 	???????		
Apr 7 2008 	Hotel para 2 días		
Jan 11 2008 	Hotel de muy baja calidad y sucio.		
