	The Glenlyn offers the best value in London - ignore the one bad review!	What can I add to the praise already heaped on this bright, fresh, modern, clean, friendly guest house?We were completely satisfied. Once you're on the Tube, it's just a few stations from Leicester Square without having to change. It's worth the extra fifteen minutes on the Tube to escape the pokey, cramped, tatty, smelly budget hotels that litter central London. Smokers can enjoy a fag on the terrace in a beautiful, spacious, flowered garden. I have no idea why the Yorkshire Grumbler put in such a bad review - I can only assume he's one of those who will complain about anything and everything. The breakfast was fine - and I liked the &quot;help yourself&quot; service. The dining room is bright and airy.The beds were wonderful, with crispy white sheets, heavenly pillows and high-quality duvets. We slept like logs in the quiet tranquility of Woodside Park.The prices are exceptionally low for this standard of service and facilities, Book now to avoid disappointment - and the certainty of getting ripped off somewhere else. My colleague was visiting England for the first time, and I was thankful for, and proud of, the Glenlyn.Well done, folks!	
	Great value for money in a good location	My Girlfriend and I stayed her for 2 nights. We had booked tickest to a west end show and were also seeing the late night show at the comedy store on the Saturday. We needed some where that would be fairly easy to get back to late at night as we planned to go out both evening we were there. I had spent ages looking over the net trying to find a fairly cheap hotel close to central london and for the price i dont think you will find a better place than this.The room we stayed in (21) was small but very clean and nicely decorated. The Matress was firm and extremely comfortable. With the hotel being outside central london it very quiet. We both had a very good nights sleep. The bath room was again small but had a full bath toilet and sink and also was very clean. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and enjoyed our stay very much. Breakfast is served until 10am on a weekend and consists of a buffet style continental or traditional english. The quality of the food was fantastic. Nice smoked bacon and decent sausages with a great selection of muffins and cakes and coursants.Although it is about 10 or so miles out side of central london a 35 minute tube trip gets you into the think of it. Wood side park tube staition is just a short walk down the road and is on the northern line so takes you straight into Leister Square with out having to swap trains...perfect for West Enbd Shows. If you want to stay out longer than the last tube then the N20 night bus which you can catch from Trafalgar Sqaure and also passes Tottenham Court Road will drop you off almost on the door step. The reception is manned 24 hours so you even leave your key behind so you dont have to worry about losing it. So as far as travel is concerned A £6.30 zone 1-4 travel card will get pretty much every where you need..so do not be put off by the fact that this hotel is outside the city centre.All in all a great littel hotel. Do not be put off by the distance as travel into london is easy. The perfect Hotel for a west end show break. We will be returning here again the next time we come to see a show in London	
	Nice Clean Pleasant B	My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon while en route for a 3-country tour in Europe (England, France, and Italy). England was the first country we flew into and also the one we flew out of. Our flight was scheduled to get into London at 8am and we called the B&amp;B to see how early we could check in. (Their standard check-in time was 2pm.) They said we could check in as early as noon. The B&amp;B is very charming and located in a suburban area of town, about 5 minutes walking distance from the tube (metro) which was convenient. Our first room at the beginning leg of our trip was nice and quaint, although you could tell it was a little older. We had a clean room that overlooked a beautiful garden. The room we stayed in on our last day in Europe was decorated a lot nicer--more modern furniture and had an updated, warmer feel. The service staff was friendly and helpful. It was nice to wake up to the smell of bacon--their breakfast was good, yet typical; they offered eggs, toast, sausage, mushrooms, tomatoes, beans, and juice. I'm almost ashamed to say that we almost missed our day tour in England (e.g. Stonehenge, Bath, and Windsor Castle) because we enjoyed the breakfast a little too long. :/ The price of the hotel was decent. Overall, we had a wonderful experience here. The only thing we can complain about is how long it can take to get into central London from here--about 30 minutes. If you have the time and patience, then obviously it's not a big deal, but if you don't, it's probably best to find a hotel closer to central London.	
Nov 22 2009 	Avoid the attic rooms!	We had previously stayed at this hotel when visiting the area and found it so acceptable that we booked it again for a return visit. However when we were shown our room in the attic we both knew we could not stay. There was one tiny window which was about 3 feet from a wall and the room was so claustrophobic that sleeping in it would have been impossible. We asked to change rooms but the hotel was fully booked. In fairness we were not charged for cancelling but I really do wonder how they can offer such rooms. Are there peope willing to spend their leisure time in a large coffin?	
Nov 14 2009 	Could be excellent with a few improvements but overall a positive experience	Location - as has been written in previous reviews; pleasant walk unless encumbered by heavy luggage or small children (both in our case). taxi for this little trip cost us six pounds. Nice neighborhood with several small shops and restaurantsRooms- overall a comfortable room but although we booked a family room I have to say it was quite cramped and hardly any space to move (there was a double bed, a single bed and a cot in our standard-sized room). Bed was cosy and comfortable. Furniture is very cheap (room 22) and could do with some improvement. Having said that it was fully functional and there was ample storage space for all of our things. Bathroom was decent and exceptionally clean and even if for this reason only I would recommend this hotel.Breakfast- served in a lovely conservatory area overlooking the garden which was very pleasant although it was wintry and cold outside. The waiting staff are excellent and I cannot praise them more. They were friendly and efficient and patient with our two, (slightly messy), young children. The breakfast itself was very good with a good range of cooked and non-cooked items.	
Oct 29 2009 	great hotel great location!	Not much to add to previous reviews but would agree that it is a good choice for a cost-effective trip to London. Yes, it's not in the city itself and it's about 30 mins tube ride in but the rooms are spacious, the food is good, the staff are friendly and the parking is free!We had 2 nights with no complaints (although the lack of a bedside lamp for one of the 3 beds was a minor irritation!) and they even let us leave the car outside after we'd checked out so that we could make the most of our time.The hotel is well situated on a relatively quiet road but very close to numerous restaurants (we liked the Indian Orchid), bank and a supermarket for those last minute provisions. The tube station (Woodside Park) is only 5 mins walk and the Northern Line takes you straight into either Camden (20 mins) or Oxford Street (35 mins).Definately would recommend this hotel as a comfortable, good value base for exploring London.	
Oct 15 2009 	Roomy guest house close to Woodside Park on the Northern Line	Do not hesitate to stay in this comfortable guest house. Beds provide a good night's sleep. Wake up refreshed and ready for an excellent breakfast in a roomy ground floor dining room.	
Oct 9 2009 	Homey safe pleasant lovely	We like the Glenlyn and were impressed with another couple who said they have been coming for 15 years. We especially liked: the warm and hospitable staff, lovely garden which we could see from our windows, delicious, ample breakfast, duvets, evening glass of wine at the small bar, free wifi (tho' usually not accessible from our room), tea and coffee with plenty of creamer available in the room, new television, cleanliness, High Street just around the corner with good restaurants, coffee shops, grocery and drug stores, bus stops a few steps away. By staying outside the city center, we discovered other parts of London, and even took bus rides to check out Barnet, a mile or two north of the hotel and found some interesting neighborhood restaurants. Our disappointments: the hike from the tube stop was a tougher and longer walk than we expected when we arrived with heavy backpacks and pulling luggage while thinking the hotel would be closer than it was (we are seniors, so that might not matter to younger people); the bus that runs in front of the hotel is irregular and the driver can and will refuse to pick you up--driver's option. With the hotel being a union of three houses, there was no direct route on the ground floor: to get from our guest room to the dining area or lobby, we had to go up the stairs (which are shorter than our feet and hard to climb) and then down another set of stairs, which can be taxing when tired or carrying anything--alternatively, we could go out into the parking lot and come in the front door--only a problem when both of us weren't together as we just had one set of keys. As others have said, the room furnishings were a bit worn and cheap looking; I finally started sleeping on top of instead of under the duvet to adjust to the hard mattress; the shower was difficult to manage as the curtain didn't surround the tub; on two Sundays we didn't have early morning hot water. Our bathroom was ready for a makeover - stained door and rusty shower rod, but all very clean and plenty of soap. We gave up on the Woodside Park stop and took the 263 bus a few steps away on High St to the East Finchley tube station (or the 125 to the North Finchley tube station) or we would take the bus all the way into town (125 to Finchley Central Bus Station at Tally-Ho and transfer to 82 to Victoria Station and various stops in between--which took about an hour or so, most waits were less than 10 minutes, and we could easily transfer to other buses for different parts of the city--we had a good bus route map and travelcards on oyster cards). The rides were usually comfy and interesting, both inside and outside the bus--especially on the top deck. All in all, we have no regrets about staying the Glenlyn.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location for easy access to London City centre	This Guest House is the perfect place to stay for visiting London. The staff were very friendly, the room was spotless, there was plenty of space for parking, the tube is a 5 minute stroll away and then 30 minutes later you are in Central London without the hassle of driving into the city. The breakfast was delicious. All in all a great find. We will definitely be staying there again and I would recommend the Glenly Guest House to anyone.	
Sep 16 2009 	Lovely Little Place	The Glenlyn was a great little place to stay in London. The rooms were very clean, the staff was nice, and the breakfast was great! The room itself wasn't incredibly small, but it wasn't very big either. I think the size was just right. We were in a second floor room overlooking the beautiful little backyard. The bed and duvet were very comfortable and the furniture, though a bit old, fit in nicely and worked just fine. Free wifi in the rooms as well.The neighborhood around the hotel is very nice with a bunch of restaurants around the corner on High Street. There's a great little Indian restaurant right there at the intersection called the Indian Orchid. Just a bit up the street is a Sainsbury's supermarket. The walk to the underground station is only 5 minutes and it takes about 30 minutes to get into central London and a little more to get to points farther south like Waterloo. For 75 pounds a night I thought it was a great value and I will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to London.	
Sep 5 2009 	Good if you travel with your car	Me and my wife have been in this guest house last August, travelling from Italy we wanted a good hotel with free parking spot at a resonable price.The Glenlyn GH was a good choise specialy for the parking, there is a metro stop station down the hill in 10 minutes walk from where you can go to London.The hotel is quite good except the for room that we had, was on the attic and if you travel with a heavy luggage is gonna be a problem steps are narrow and the stair is very step... A part the bed is inside the roof with no space for bedside tables and legs...The bathroom was ok nothing special. Nice TV.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Highly reccomend!	Me and my partner just sayed in this hotel for 2 nights as we wished to travel into london for days out (The nothenline tube station is about 5 mins walk down a quiet road). The hotel staff were fantastic, very polite and couldnt do enough to help us. The rooms, although small, were well decorated with victorian features and a nice en-suite. The buffet style breakfast was great and for £75 per night - you could really go wrong... or do better!	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent staff great stay with a little room for improvement.	It's easy to see why this guest house is so highly rated. It's very clean, has amazing and professional management and staff, has nice rooms, a very nice garden/lawn and offers a well appointed breakfast.Overall, it's a very good option for London. Very good value for price, along the Northern Line tube, in a quiet residential neighborhood and minutes from nearly every type of high street shop you might need.I stayed in Room 2, so I will only comment about the condition of this room. Overall it's nice, very clean and had a new LCD television on the wall (if you like tv). The bathroom however was quite poorly remodeled with cheap tub, toilet and fixtures, as well as a cheap vinyl tile floor - although it was okay, what this room really needs is a completely new bathroom. The furniture in the room was of quite cheap quality also. I'm not saying I expect solid oak furniture at this price but this stuff is about as cheap as it gets.The other negative is that it's about a 7-8 minute walk down to the tube stop at Woodside Park - not an unpleasant walk but worth noting. It's also not a particularily well served bus area either, but there are trade-offs to everything. In conclusion, it's a very solid choice for your stay in London. The location, although not very convenient, is fine for almost everyone. The staff are professional, courteous and prompt, excellent cleaning and very good value - Highly Recommended (with only a few minor reservations).	
Aug 13 2009 	great place too stay.......so near yet not too far....	stayed one night here in august travelled from manchester at 4am so we got too hotel approx 9am and even though our rooms were not ready we were mad very welcome and bought 2 breakfast's at £8 each.... the buffet breakfast is very good....well excellent and the food is hot and well prepared.....fresh coffe and tea on request.a lovelly garden to the rear.........we went out for the morning to hendon - a 15 min drive away takes u to the very large Airforce Museum.....where can u spend 2-3 hrs strolling around at all the old aircraft etc....we returned to the hotel at 12-30 and our room was ready.....a double at the rear of the hotel ...very clean and comfy.a 10 min walk ( turn right ) out of the hotel takes u to the underground ..and within 30 mins u are in the west end....£6 return....we went to see a show for my birthday.....and the underground stop is Leicester sq.....right in theatre land.a good hotel to use as a base.......will def return .	
Jul 26 2009 	Super value for family and business	The environment for our stay was excellent with everything about the hotel well presented and up to the best standards.	
Jul 26 2009 	Cozy Quiet Comfort!	This B&amp;B had large rooms, furnished with lush duvets, comfortable beds and flat screen TV. As a solo female traveler, I was delighted with the help and assistance I received. I had asked for a quiet, double room. To my delight, my room had bay windows that overlooked a gorgeous garden. At 69 pounds a night I found it a bargain.The buffet breakfast had everything you could wish for: juices, cereals, croissants, muffins eggs, sausage, baked tomatoes, mushrooms, Ham etc.I highly recommend this B&amp;B for anyone looking for one in this location.	
Jul 23 2009 	A fantastic find great value for money and wonderful breakfast	After reading the previous reviews on here, mostly 5/5, Glenlyn had something to live to up to, and boy did it. From the outset, a welcoming hotel front and reception. The staff were happy and helpful, the rooms spotless, and the breakfast was one of the best I have had (and I have stayed in some great 5* hotels in Singapore). Only 5 mins walk from the Northern Line or about 2 minutes from the bus stop, and 40 mins later your in the buzz of the city. We enjoyed it so much, we decided to extend our stay-what a great holiday in the capital. We will be booking in here again.	
Jul 14 2009 	Absolutely loved it!	Having been to London on numerous occasions, I was at first sceptical to staying as far out of town as Finchley. However, after having stayed at the Glenlyn Guest House my worries were unfounded. Our experience was a marvellous one. The staff is service-minded, accomodating and very friendly indeed. The room we stayed at was very nice and very clean. The breakfast buffet had a good selection and was great value for money. At first glance, the location of the hotel might not seem too appealing. But that proved not to be a problem. From the hotel one strolls for approximately 5 minutes through a cosy residential area towards Woodside Park Underground Station. The trip to the city centre takes about 20 minutes by tube and is generally a very pleasant trip. It should also be said that its location is very peaceful. It makes for a good escape from the hustle and bustle of an entire day in the metropolis. You awake well rested and ready for a new day of London adventures!I would recommend Glenlyn Guest House to anyone. It has become my hotel of choice in London. Excellent in every way!	
Jun 29 2009 	This will be my first choice each time I stay in London.	Absolutely first class bed and breakfast accommodation, just 40 minutes or so from the centre of London. 5 minutes walk from tube station. Lots of restaurants and local facilities within 2 minutes walk. Spotlessly clean, highly professional, excellent breakfasts and free parking. Really great value for money - you could easily spend twice as much elsewhere in London and still be disappointed.	
May 28 2009 	Easy to find well located North London Guest House	Booked online at Active Hotels as didn't want to stay in chain and was pleasantly surprised on arrival, very smart looking with plenty ofspace for car parking. Had asked if could check in early at noon as was going to wedding, this was no problem and still no problem when we arrived an hour early - it was so easy to find from the M25.Reception staff were very helpful and friendly, pointed out where to go and booked us a taxi to get to the wedding. Our room was at the top of the building overlooking the back garden, had a firm, comfortable bed and was pristinely clean. The only complaint here would be that the furniture is in need of some TLC - the back of the wardrobe was falling off and the chest of drawers was scratched to death, however hospitality tray was well stocked and there was plenty of space for two to get dressed. Bathroom was small but functional although the shower was a bit poor. Next morning, breakfast was served in a large airy conservatory and we were really impressed by all the local produce on the menu, the sausages were delicious. Again service here was quick and efficient and with a smile. The area around seemed OK, but we didn't really check it out as we were only here for the wedding and then gone again, but would seriously consider using this as a base again as it's very convenient for the M25 and also for the tube.	
Mar 24 2009 	So glad I found this hiddem gem!!	I was arranging to take my wife away to see a show in the West End. Got stressed looking at the thousands of places to stay in London...then stumbled across this one.I'm so glad I booked it.Nothing like your large chains...we arrived to be met by a friendly girl on reception. We were initially given a double room that was in the roof. Lovely and clean but a slight downside was that there was no window, just a sky light. We requested a room with a window and the staff were only too pleased to offer us another and even escorted us to it to see if it was to our liking. This room overlooked the large rear garden and terrace. Very quiet. No road noise although there probably isn't much road noise to the front as it is in a fairly quiet street.Extremely clean, lovely en suite with complimentary shower gels and soaps etc. Tea and coffee making facilities. I think a nice touch would be to add a couple of biscuits...but now I'm being picky!Beds comfortable with crisp sheets and laminate flooring and a TV.Breakfast is self serve in the gorgeous light dining area and the staff again only too willing to tend to your needs. From a choice of cereals, fruit juices, tea, coffee, toast and full English with added continental style with muffins! Excellent quality and yes, I over faced myself not wanting to miss anything out!After breckie it was a short walk (5 mins) to Woodside Park tube on the Northern line. Depending on where you're heading, 25 to 35 mins to the heart of everything. I could leave my car safe outside the hotel.We did not walk around the high street just around the corner from the hotel. Although it looked nice with plenty of shops, bars and Sainsbury's, we just did not have the time to do it.Overall, an excellent place to stay, not bad priced as well. I've added this to my favourites and plan on returning with the kids this summer. Could not fault it. Away from the city but close enough to drop in there. We had 2 nights and would return for longer next time.	
Mar 24 2009 	Perfect in every way	I stayed in this hotel for one night, spotlessly clean, fantastic staff and a great breakfast, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that needs a london base. Free parking and Free WIFI.Shops and restuarants are a stones throw from the hotel, it is perfect in every way.	
Mar 4 2009 	A great find	A great find, in a quiet street but just 100 metres from a very good choice of restaurants. There was no noise from any traffic, the beds very comfortable and the staff excellent.The hotel is four terraced houses linked together which adds to it's appeal, breakfast was excellent and is served in a bright &amp; airy conservatory.There's limited parking infront of the hotel but we never had a problem in the four nights we stayed. The London Underground (northern line) was a 5 minute walk.The only downside I could see was that the stairs are steep - so if you're older request a room on the first floor as there's not a lift.Stay here and you will not be disappointed, we'll visit again if in the area.	
Feb 22 2009 	Really pleasant stay. Great value and the family room was just what we were looking for.	I chose this hotel for several reasons. Primarily it offered a family room which was not too expensive whilst also being within easy reach of the tube station. Central london and the West End theatres were easily accessible. There was free parking too, which allowed us to safely leave the car during the daytime. For those that may consider driving, the hotel lies outside of the Congestion Charge zone and that was a positive consideration for us in choosing to stay here. Whilst at the Glenlyn Hotel, I found the staff and manager very friendly and approachable. They were more than happy to offer advice and information when asked.The room was comfortable and had all the amenities that we needed for a family room. The family room layout was such that it was effectively two rooms that were adjoined by a short private corridor. The rooms offered privacy and security with the children in their own room next door. If necessary, we could have left our bedroom door and that of the children's bedroom open, thus creating a feeling of all being in the one room.The self service breakfast was fantastic and offered good value. Unlike some hotels and guest houses that we have visited before; no corners were cut with the quality of food at breakfast time. There seemed to be a lot of variety with both continental and traditional english breakfasts available. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely visit again when in London on a weekend trip with my family.	
Dec 15 2008 	give the bland chains a miss for a little gem in Finchley!	Go to London a lot and usually stay at the drab dreary travelodge or premier inns for events. We had a family party in Finchley and found an absolute gem in North Finchley at a fraction of the cost. Yes it is a little way out on the tube (Woodside Park zone 4) but still only took us 40 mins into the heart of London and is only 20 mins in the car!The rooms are quiet, comfy and roomy and its really cheap compared to the central budget drabness of the big chains. Its only 2 mins off the High Rd which has excellent restaurants close by. The breakfast is excellent served in a bright airy conservatory overlooking a huge garden and the place has ample parking. The staff are really helpful and friendly. They let us leave the car all day on the checkout day so we could shop in London. Very honest too I left some expensive (chanel) make up in my room and the receptionist took the trouble to call me on my mobile to let me know it would be in reception if I wanted to collect it before picking up my car to drive home. I cannot fault the staff at all nothing was too much trouble, If I was to pick fault with anything it would be that some of the bedroom furniture is a bit dated but in future will chosse this over more central hotels. Its also only 20 mins to junction 4 of the M1so is handy when leaving for a quick getaway!!!	
Jul 13 2008 	Excellent Customer Care.	Although we only stayed for the one night we were looked after extremely well.Once I had enquired if a parking spot,could be reserved for me as I am disabled the hotel staff rang me straight back to confirm that this could be arranged and, as I was disabled, would I like them to change my room to a ground floor.On arrival the staff were friendly and very courteous and extremely helpful.The room we were given was well furnished with ample space to move about and plenty of wardrobe and drawer space.The toilet was nice and clean and a walk in shower was available which was easy for me to have a shower in and also had a seat installed.Breakfast was served in a conservatory which had amble room for me to move about and the food was first class.I can recommend this hotel to anyone,especially people with mobility problems.Regards. Eifion.	
Mar 16 2008 	Nice little hotel	We recently stayed at the Glenlyn hotel for one night. The location is good, just a few minutes walk to the nearest tube station into central London. Its a lovely old building that has clearly had some recent decoration, to modernise the rooms. Our room was a decent size, with a comfy bed and nice clean crisp sheets. The bathroom was small, but contained everything you need, and the shower was good.Unfortunately, there had clearly been some recent painting going on in our room, and they had neglected to leave a window open, so we had to sleep with one open to avoid the fumes! Nonetheless, we had a decent nights sleep and a great breakfast in the morning. The staff were pleasant too.If youre looking for a base to stay in the Finchley area, Im sure you could do a lot worse for this kind of money. We have family in the area, and would happily stay there again.	
Dec 3 2007	Great hotel on a budget	We visit family every year in the Finchley area and the choice of hotels is very limited.This year we decided to give the Glenlyn a go and were surprised at the difference compared to other hotels we have stayed in in this area. The breakfast had, something for even the pickiest of eaters and the staff couldn't do enough to make your stay a memorable one.The hotel is clean and has it's own bar which is a plus.Woodside park tube station is five minutes walk away and there are numerous shops fast food places and bars in the High Street ,just around the corner.We look forward to staying again next year.The Blackburn family.	
Jul 31 2007	sheer bliss at the Glenlyn Hotel	My family of 5 adults travelled from Bilbao Spain and spent 11 nights at the Glenlyn Hotel.Although the Hotel is Five houses connected into one it was fantastic. The hotel was updated to 4 star class but kept its original features. The staff were good and very helpful.The rooms and amenities were 1st class. For those who want a 4/5 Star hotel this is the alternative but at a lot lower price.All I can say is thankyou for a Wonderful and helful stay.	
Apr 29 2007 	Alternative to Travelodge type hotel	If you are staying in North London and your budget is limited, but you can't bear the impersonal atmosphere and lack of character you get in Travelodge type accommodation try this. For the same price as a Travelodge/Travel Inn you get B&amp;B in a building with some character, nicely situated for public transport. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean. Breakfast is adequate and included in the price and served in an airy conservatory overlooking the hotel's own extensive gardens, particularly nice in good weather. Our room was a bit poky and the bath/shower old fashioned but for a short stay that was tolerable. The rooms vary a good deal in size and quality. If you have mobility problems request a ground floor room as there are no public lifts. A nice touch is free wireless broadband connection in the public areas of the hotel - get the access code from reception. Have stayed previously and would stay again.	
Oct 14 2006 	Highly recommend the Glenlyn	We stayed at the Glenlyn for three nights in mid-September 2006. We were put off, at first, from booking there because of the poor review on TripAdvisor. Well, we needed somewhere to stay in that area of London (because of family living nearby), so a relative of ours went to the Glenlyn to have a look, said it looked fine, and we then booked in. We needn't have worried. For our family of three we had two connecting rooms at a very reasonable nightly rate of 110 GBP (for both), one with twin beds and one with a queen bed, located on the 3rd floor of the hotel, which appears to be several older type houses connected together. (No lift, unfortunately but the stairs were relatively easy to negotiate.) Both rooms were reasonably large and had good bathrooms and comfortable beds. The rooms both looked out on to a pleasant garden area and were very quiet. The hot breakfast, which was included in the room rate, was substantial and varied enough for anyone's needs, with scrambled eggs, mushrooms, hash browns, tomatoes, sausages and bacon, plus a range of cereals, toast, croissants, fruit, yoghurt, tea and coffee etc. All hot foods were displayed on bain maries and WERE hot. A good start to each day. There was free parking directly in front of the hotel and the staff (who appeared mostly to be from eastern Europe, but spoke quite good English) were unfailingly pleasant and polite. The hotel was clean (no smelly carpets) and seemed reasonably well looked after, so I am not sure what part of the hotel the first reviewer was staying in because it doesn't sound like the Glenlyn we experienced. For us the hotel had the added bonus of being within walking distance of our relatives' house which was fantastic. A supermarket , and range of shops and restaurants as well as a tube station were not much more than a step away. Small niggles - not much variety in TV channels; no lift (meaning that disabled guests would have a bit of a hard time negotiating the hotel, and we had to carry heavy bags up three flights of stairs); some of the fittings and fixtures needed attention, such as the shower head, which was held together with a bit of plastic string! But these were minor considerations. The Glenlyn is well worth considering if you are visiting London for the sights, as an all day tube pass only adds about 7 GBP to your daily cost and the Woodside Park tube is a five minute walk from the hotel, with approximately 30-40 minutes to get to the heart of London. The Glenlyn is a modest establishment, but does a great job and is terrific value for money at the level it is at. Not a 5 star hotel, but you would not get anywhere near 5 star at that rate in London, which is the most expensive city we visited in our 8 weeks travel from Australia. We thought the Glenlyn was great, and would quite happily stay there again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Highly recommended!	This was probably the fourth time we have stayed in the Glenlyn and each time left more than satisfied. In looking for a base to visit London we have found this hotel to be friendly and welcoming, particularly the manager who ensured our every need was attended to. Upon returning to the hotel in the evening, we found the night staff to be equally friendly - and we really couldn't say that about many hotels we have stayed in!The rooms were comfortable with period features in keeping with the style of property, with an outlook to the rear over the sizeable private gardens. The decor in places is surprising contemporary for a Victorian building and we appreciated the obvious improvements that have been made such as the modern lounge bar area and lovely breakfast room which overlooks garden - great for enjoying the hearty breakfast! Of importance to us, particularly in London, is the front of Hotel parking and with the hotel being in walking distance to the underground it's a great location for getting to and visiting London, offering overall what we felt was tremendous value for money. We would thoroughly recommend it!	
Sep 3 2006 	Dreadful	To be honest, I should have given it a wide berth when the price came back as £55 a night, but I needed to stay in this location, and as a business traveller, I just needed wireless connection and a bed for the night.On reflection, I'd have been better off sleeping in my car. It was awful.On arrival, I thought I was walking into a working men's club. The carpet was sticky with beer and the smell of stale ale and fag ash made my stomach turn. But I didn't have time to book another place, so I took the key.The room was unwelcoming. I hate cheap laminate flooring. The bed was very high up and uncomfortable to lie on. The bathroom was tiny and grotty.But the worst part was the breakfast. Absolutely disgusting. The cooked breakfast had been left in unheated metal containers, and the bacon and eggs had gone cold and hard. If you're thinking about it, just don't do it!	
Sep 3 2006 	Très agréable		
Oct 7 2009 	Ottimo!		
Aug 10 2009 	Impeccable		
