Nov 10 2009 	The "Broadband" is Un-usable	Well, I'm into my fifth week of a six week stay and all I can say is that I will NEVER stay here again nor can I recommend this place to any of my business colleagues. The main reason is that the broadband service is simply un-usable. I've complained multiple times and am given the sorry excuse that the hotel doesn't operate the service. When I tell them that's no excuse and that they advertise the service (thus representing responsibility) they say they'll “call the provider”. They even said they would have the provider call me. Well, of course that never happened. We're talking speeds mostly below dial-up on a good day. And, mind you, it's not free! They have the nerve to charge for a service that doesn't work. And, I’ve just found out the manager has just been sacked. No wonder. This situation is simply not acceptable for a business traveler. On my next extended London stay, it's the across the wharf at Discovery Dock for me.	
Jun 5 2009 	Exactly what we wanted	Myself a two friends atayed at the Fraser palce for one night as we were seeing Girls Aloud at the O2. Loved the hotel, had the feel of a swanky apartment block, you had your own front door, with doorbell, and as we arrived with not much time to spare before heading out for the concert, they had provided numbers of local Chinese/indian and pizza in the area and we had Chinese ordered which was brought right up to our room. (dirty plates and glasses etc were then put in the dishwasher!)High standard of finish, large apartment, very clean, kitchen was excellent, I had worn white trousers which had got a bit dirty travelling and so I was able to wash and tumble dry them in the appartment overnight! We had a two bed grand delux appartment which could sleep 4 in beds. with three toliets you're spoiled for choice!There is a waitrose closeby and we bought in some supplies like milk, wine and bacon for butties in the morning.Rooms very spacious, great view from the terrace across the river to the Dome. Would be very happy to have the appartment as my home!Only two downsides, tv reception was a bit rubbish, and a bit on the expensive side if all you want is a bed to lay your head on for a night, but price is for the appartment, and you can get some that sleep 6 six between you all may not work out too bad!	
Mar 9 2009 	Impressive - Strongly recommended	The Fraser Canary Wharf is a really nice Hotel.It is more like owning a loft for a couple of days.I was lucky to get upgraded to the Suite room number 1211.Fabulous room - extreme spacey - reminds me of my flat at home.The view is fantastic. Subway Station 10 mins from here.It is very safe due to security guards 24/7 including random person and vehicle check as the Canary Wharf is London's little New York Business Center.It does have anything you are looking for. A huge mall - so many stores I found everything here after one day shopping in London downtown.WiFi was included in my rate 105GPB which is extreme good for what I got. The Staff was very nice. I found a letter at my doorstep at the first night telling me what they can do and where to get around.I can highly recommend that Hotel it is just fantastic !!5 stars from me Be aware that planes are flying over you quite often but the rooms are acoustic dimmed which doesn't bother at all.	
Feb 2 2009 	Superb Value	Stayed end Jan 09 for 8 days.Booked by telephoning directly and was offered a fantastic rate of GBP170 incl. for a Grande Delux 2 bedroom apartment on a high floor. On arrival the basic lobby raised doubts as to the apartment standard, however this was unfounded.It was very spacious, very clean , and everything in perfect working order. Bathrooms are fitted out adequately but not high end hotel, the water pressure unlike many other serviced apartments was fantastic with plenty of hot water.The jubillee line is within a 5 minute walk and DLR also very convenient. Shopping faclilites/supermarket all within 5 mins walk.Staff at all times were very helpful.Only drawback we experienced was the taxi fare if you dont take the tube. It was GBP70.00 from Heathrow and GBP30.00 back from the west end having been to the theatre late night and the check in time was 4pm which having flown a 12 hour flight arriving at 7am wasnt the best. We were able to freshen up but check in wasnt as flexable as hoped for.	
Sep 21 2008 	The only place I'll stay	Compared to the cost of a hotel in London, the Fraser properties are an outstanding bargain. For £185/night (including VAT), I got a decent sized, modern, one bedroom apartment right on one of the wharfs. From my patio I looked out onto moored boats and heard only lapping waves. Everything in the apartment was clean and new. Great shower. The bed was comfortable enough (no Frette sheets or featherbed, but passable). Internet was a reasonable £15 for the week (though the connection could have been better). Channel selection on the small TV was somewhat limited. There's a gorgeous Waitrose grocery store on the way to the Canary Wharf DLR station (10 minute walk, though there's a shuttle if you need it), and it's 20 minutes to Bank. For anyone wanting to be near the City or Canary Wharf, the location can't be beat. The last time I stayed in London it was at the Thistle Euston and for £175 I had a noisy room one fourth the size noisy room smelling of urine, facing a wall, with indifferent and utterly incompetent staff. You decide.	
Aug 18 2008 	In a word inconsistent...	A group of friends and I booked an apartment on the 7th floor for a weekend away together. The staff member welcoming us when we checked in was friendly and polite, and we were pleased to be able to access our apartment although we were a little early.I have to say I would rather have waited the extra hour for the apartment to have been given a more thorough going-over by the housekeeping team! Nothing horrendous, but all the tell-tale nooks and crannies had dust in, a sign of quick turn-around light touch cleaning, which does not befit the 4/5 stars boasted on a certificate in the lobby. Also we had booked for 6 guests and there were only towels and guest amenities sufficient for 2 people and cutlery/crockery for 4. We requested extra towels, which were brought up to us, not sure if they were supposed to still be for guest use as they were the wrong end of fluffy, not all that white and mine had a hole the size of a 50p in it! At least alternating the usuable towels between us gave us time to wash up our bowls so that the rest of us could eat breakfast!!!The sofas and chairs were comfy and nice views from the balcony, on the plus side.On our second afternoon we returned from the theatre to freshen up to go out for dinner. When walking through the lobby we were called out to by the reception duty staff member to ask us where we were going. To our room, we replied. I'll spare you the full rendition, but thus ensued a 5 minute inquisition wherein the staff member asked a series of unecessary questions about our room, our plans for the night, when we would be back and had the cheek to tell us not to be noisy if we came back late in the evening as if we were schoolchildren with no manners or social mores! I could understand this if we had been a rowdy group, but we were quite the opposite and it is not very pleasant to be singled out for no apparent reason when one is simply trying to enjoy a relaxing weekend with friends. Put a dampener on our day and rounded off the impression of Fraser Place as one of those establishments which benefits from a great location, but not from quality and consistency across its service and product offered.	
Jun 12 2008 	OK... and yes that's meant as faint praise.	Ever been to a place that's clean, comfortable and functional etc, but just didn't feel over the moon to be staying there? Unfortunately, that's what I had with the 'sleeps four' apartment at Fraser Place. Don't get me wrong, it's clean, it's comfortable, the staff are great, and it's in a great location (if you're looking for canary wharf) - but it kinda felt like staying in a cheap new-build apartment. Ok, there were downsides, like a bust toilet lock and window in the second bedroom (so we came 'home' to find the window wide open and the curtains flailing (a nice security risk/feature) which does obviously taint my opinion a little - but it comes down to the thought that as functional and 'standard' as it was - to be honest, I'd have been happier paying the same money for a one room hotel than for a two bedroom, 1 kitchen and 1 living room apartment. And believe me, I'm tight with money - that kinda statement doesn't come cheap (forgive the pun). From what I'm told, the more expensive apartments are a lot better than the £179 (ish) a night two bedroom apartments - and hopefully they're higher up too (our bedroom was RIGHT next to the walkway from the round (imagine pounding feet one metal at 7 in the morning - and also right next to the road (which, as Canary Wharf has increased security, means a LOT of traffic outside your room from half 6 till 10 in the morning. Of course, it could have been worse, we could have been in the room with the window that opened on its own - THAT could have been a lot noisier...Like I said, staff were great - friendly, helpful (well, they tried to help with the open window thing, but didn't know how to fix it) and the lobby/bar area was great, but between stained carpets in the hallways, and that new build/too many people have been through here smell - it felt a bit like being in student accomadation (where the rooms were nicer than a student hall of course). If asked, I wouldn't go back - but I wouldn't go back on the caveat that if the more expensive rooms weren't a) broken, b) a bit smelly, c) noisy - I'd stay in them. But for sure, room 210 wouldn't be my return destination for London.	
Feb 29 2008 	Large modern apartments but maintenance needed	I stayed here on business for a month while working in London's CBD. Fraser Place is a fairly large block of apartments about 5 minutes walk from Canary Wharf. I stayed in a &quot;2 bedroom Grande Deluxe&quot; room which had plenty of space for our family of 5. We were on one of the higher floors which was overlooking the Millenium Dome and the Thames.Overall the apartments had everything we needed, and were clean and spacious.The thing that irritated us most is that many things required maintenance. Firstly many of the doors and windows didnt shut fully because the building has oviously moved a little since it was built. Hence some windows and doors whistled in the wind, and one of them let that much of a draft in that it got really cold at night. The maintenance guy fixed that with a tube of silicon.Then we discovered that our dishwasher wasnt working - the dishes always came out dirty. That was kinda fixed. Then our iron wasnt working problem. That was replaced. Then our washer / drier would stop half-way. That was fixed. And all this time our hot water system seemed to run out of water very quickly (we couldnt even half-fill the bathtub before the water went cold). They tried to fix this but when we left it was still a problem.I would understand all of these things happening in say 1 year, but we were only there for one month. Maybe we were just extremely unlucky? At least most of the hotel staff were sympathetic and tried to get things fixed.Im really undecided as to whether I'd stay here again.	
Dec 25 2007 	Fine Place but Expensive	Me and my buddy recently spent two nights at this property; renting a two bedroom super deluxe apartment. Very friendly booking agents, and quite flexible when changing our dates. We picked Canary Wharf due to its proximity to O2, where we were the two of the lucky ones to see Led Zeppelin's reunion. Check in was flawless; the building was immaculate and our apartment was just about perfect. The only complaints were that the master bath had no shower (the second bath did); and it is a bit of a walk from the Canary Wharf Tube station. Just make sure you get your bearings upon exiting the tube as its a bit confusing to figure out which way to go on the initial arrival. And its not cheap, but neither is London.While there aren't alot of good activities in the area, jumping on the tube can put you anywhere in london in about 20-30 minutes. I would suggest getting a pre-arranged car to pick you up and drop you off to Heathrow - the tube ride would require several stops and about 2 hours. The hotel will arrange for you.The staff was accomodating, but a bit aloof.All in all, if you want to be close to Canary wharf or O2 Arena, this is a good choice if you can afford it.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great place to stay!	We really enjoyed our 1 night stay here in November. We had a 2 bedroom deluxe apartment for 6 girls and had a very comfortable stay. You have everything you needed in kitchen, bathrooms etc..The apartments are around a 10 minutes walk from the Canary Wharf tube station and reception were very helpful giving us directions to the station. We booked these apartments as we were going to a concert at the O2 arena, this is only one stop on the tube, so very handy. Also not too bad location for central London. You are able to leave your bags with the apartments reception before and after check in/out.Would highly recommend these apartments, much nicer than staying in a hotel and more fun!! Just wished we had stayed for another night or two!	
Nov 9 2007 	Great place	We stayed here for 2 weeks and had a great time. Completly self contained apartment complete with ironing board, cutlery, dishes, pots, dish washer, washing machine, tv, radio, etc.	
Aug 6 2007	Fraser Place Canary Wharf loved the place.	We stayed at the Fraser Place from May 11th to May 16th. 2007 The suite we had was amazing, everything we had hope for. My husband and I travelled with my two married daughters, one who was 5 months pregnant. Our suite had two bedrooms and two bathrooms. The kitchen, dining and liviing room were just great. We even managed to entertain some of the other family there, cooked a couple of meals as well. They really thought that we had made a great choice and were jealous. Shopping was close and the tube and the DLR were not too far as well. We even took the water taxi and the launch was about a 10 minute walk away. We would stay here again, it was quite and the view was pretty good as well. The Biilingsgate market was a little close, but it was still enjoyable. We felt right at home, lots of room for the four of us. The rate was a little high, but when you consider 4 adults sharing it didn't seem so bad. We couldn't of gotten anything as cheap and as nice as the Fraser Place while we were in London. When we arrived at the airport we had a service from the hotel pick us up, it was great. When my daughters first saw the suite they were very impressed and really like that there were twin beds in their room. Totally enjoyable stay. Front desk personnel were great too. We would recommend this place to any one.	
Jul 16 2007 	Fantastic	Our family stayed here during the weekend of the Tour de France, and it was a lovely, quiet retreat from the centre of London. It was 15 mins from Waterloo on the jubilee line, and a 5 min walk from the tube station, which really wasn't a problem. We had a beautiful three bedroom flat which was huge. It had a huge picture window from the living room, and a big balcony, with a view of the o2 dome. Everything was clean.Waitrose was a 2 min walk, and the kitchen saved us a lot of money.Staff were helpful, and a late checkout was no problem.Returned to flat at 10.30pm one night and felt quite safe.I would stay here again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Contemporary feel	At first I was a little worried about staying in Canary Wharf as my London friends seemed to think that it was way out in the sticks, i.e. a long long way out of London. However this is in fact not the case. It's only about 10-15 minutes via the Jubilee line from Waterloo station. It's actually lovely to be out of the crowded accommodation of Central London and to be somewhere where there's a lot more space to relax in.We were impressed by the Fraser Place apartments. They are very contemporary and I've not experienced anything else like it in London. We booked a 1 bedroom apartment and it's like staying in a home rather than a hotel. There is a good kitchen with dishwasher, washer/dryer, fridge etc. and the rooms are really a good size. Our room on the 7th floor looked out over a little inlet with houseboat which lovely.If you're after huge nightlife right near the hotel then this may not be the place to stay. The hotel itself is about 10 minutes walk from the Canary Wharf tube station. It's a fair walk with heavy bags, but there are a multitude of cabs driving around there. (Beware, there are about 3 exits from the tube station and it's very easy to get lost finding your way to the hotel, even with directions). Fraser Place is more of a base from which to launch yourself into your activities rather than being in the hub of the action - it depends on what you're looking for. Canary Wharf being a recently developed area isn't 'historic' in the way of central London, but it's close to Greenwich via the Docklands Light Railway.The Canary Wharf area had a good range of shops and supermarkets.Fraser Wharf could be improved in a few small areas - free internet would be a good start. But in the end we were really sorry to leave this accomodation. The hotel was comfortable, contemporary and clean - a perfect 'no fuss' environment. We both really loved it and it provided a wonderful start to our London visit.	
Jul 6 2006	Outstanding accommodation fabulous place!	We stayed only three nights at Fraser Place, Canary Wharf - and regretted not staying longer! We won't make that mistake again! We had room 911 which is a beautifully appointed apartment with two balconies. The linen and towels were fresh and clean, the beds were comfortable and although the wooden floor could have used a wet mop, the place was otherwise spotless. The kitchen had everything we needed, a fridge/freezer, microwave, kettle, toaster, washer/dryer combo, stove and a dishwasher. There are two full en-suite bathrooms in each bedroom (the master one was fantastic!), plus an extra &quot;loo&quot; in the hallway. With unusually high temperatures in the 90s, we expected that no air conditioning might be a problem - but not so! We opened up the huge patio doors which gave us magnificent views of the city including Canary Wharf, the barges, and the Millennium Dome - and the fresh breeze was more than enough to keep us cool and comfortable. Not only was there a TV in the living room, but also one in each of the two bedrooms, along with Sky satellite TV. DVDs and videos were available to borrow free in the reception area, and internet access in the lobby was only $5 for 30 minutes, more than enough time for us to check and send emails. Close by were Marks and Spencers and Waitrose supermarkets, both loaded with options from basic to gourmet food. English salt and vinegar crisps (chips) rock! The tube was an easy 5 minute walk, but the map given by the hotel is confusing, and we got lost the first time we tried to find it. The cost for a cab to Gatwick was 57 pounds, not bad between three of us and it avoided the hassle of dragging suitcases to the tube, into the underground to Victoria and then catching another train. All in all a fabulous option, very reasonably priced, way better than most hotels I've stayed at in London. Highly recommended.	
Jul 5 2006	Fantastic Place	I booked the Fraser Place Apartments because I was arranging a get together for my friends. We hired one Super-Deluxe 2 bedroom apartment (sleeps 4-6) and one Deluxe apartment (sleeps 2-4) The Super Deluxe was fantastic, we had a view over the harbour and a balcony with views of canary wharf and the dome. The Super Deluxe was well furnished and had plenty of room - we had 6 people staying in this apartment which was fine, but the two people who slept on the sofa bed found it pretty uncomfortable so I would advise that you get enough rooms for you all. The Delux apartment was nice and clean but a lot smaller - I wouldn't advise booking this for 4 people (again two have to use the sofa)The location of the apartments was fantastic. There is a lot to be said for staying outside of the west-end. It only costs £4.80 for an all day travel card and takes about 20 mins to get to Oxford Street/Bond Street - if you are planning to go out drinking it costs £25 for a taxi back to the apartment in the early hours of the morning (which isn't bad if you are getting a group of you in the taxi) The area that the Fraser Place apartments are in are very quite and it feels as if you actually live in London. The staff were friendly, the apartments were beautiful - I'm planning to go back here again soon .... much better than staying at a hotel !!!!!	
May 8 2006	Luxurious..better than home!	Would recommend this place to absolutely anyone. Booked through Last Minute and got great rates. We were looking for somewhere to stay in London with our two teenage children and their friends (aged14 to 16). This was a cheaper alternative to booking 3 hotel rooms. We booked the 2 1/2 bed/2 bath sleeps 7 apartment. Fantastic!We cannot fault the place. Location,cleanliness, service, quality of furnishings linen, beds, space..all 100%.Modern, stylish, up to date interior, very, very spacious. Kitchen was huge as was lounge/diner. All rooms are off an internal hallway. Just like a stylish apartment you would live in. Even the kids were impressed! Massive balcony overlooking lovely little wharf with house boats, Canada Place/Square? &amp; Millenium Dome. Watched the London Marathon from the balcony, as it went right past the apartments. Staff professional, nice and pleasant. Free DVD rental ...the kids loved that! All amenities top class apartment even washing machine. Waitrose across the road for supplies and tube station round the corner. Lots of Canary Wharf's own security around. This makes you feel very safe in the area.They even stop the traffic for you when you cross the road! Will stay again. Electic security gates to car park on site £8 day.(Outside congestion charges zone!)	
Jan 3 2006	Great!	We stayed in a three bedroom apartment here just before ne year's eve. It was great. The apartment facilities, decor, comfort are all great. It is located in a brilliant location with great views. The desk staff are great and communications before our stay when trying to arrange parking etc were very prompt and helpful. Great place!	
Feb 13 2005	Living like a local in Docklands	Stayed 4 nights ending January 9th 2005. Lovely one bedroom apartment on level 4. Walk into a small lobby - off which is a bedroom on one side (nice and large) with a queen bed, balcony, tv and bathroom off this (also a nice size). Built in wardrobe and another freestanding chest of draws. Bedside tables on both sides with lamps. Lounge room with couch (2 seater) and chair, another larger tv unit (with a good number of cable channels), phone (you have your own number for each apartment), table seating 4 and balcony (second one and not accessible from bedroom balcony). Full kitchen with decent size fridge freezer, full oven, micro wave, washer/dryer and dishwasher. Apartments very modern and contempory in style - down in blond woods and fawn carpets, drapes. Both balconies were large and it would have been nice to sit out there in summer. Although a serviced apartment - these are only serviced once a week so if your staying there a shorter time - no change of towels or bedding (which took me by suprise as ever other serviced apartment complex I 've stayed up did this as a minimum daily). The only poor thing I can say was that there is no in room safe and given your paying 150pound a night (for a marina view) this is not good enough. View was over said marina and other (privately occupied) apartments. Note apartments on the back of the building looked back to Canary Wharf but didnt appear to have balconys (or small ones). Check in lobby small with check in desk (after a certain time at night you needed your card to enter the lobby). Small business room with a meeting table, fax, printer and computer. Very reasonable price to use internet/computer at GBP2.50pounds for half an hour. There is a car park and I believe that costs were around the 15pound mark for the a day. There is no room service or concierge - you take your own bags to the room (there is a little cafe in the lobby but offers only coffee/tea/soft drinks and a small continental breakfast). About 5 minutes walk from Canary Wharf with shops (check out the Waitrose supermarket/department store in Canada Square - well hidden from the outside but a good place to shop and also has several eating places), banks and restaurants. These are all underground in the basements of the office buildings so become a mole and go underground. Note that being a bit of a business district some restaurants close either early or on weekends but not all. Also 5 minutes away is the Jubliee line Canary Wharf station (take about 15 minutes to Westminster tube station) and the Docklands Light rail into Bank and Tower Gateway stations (or the other way to Greenwich) Overall, the apartment was very nice, location was good and if you were driving in and wished to avoid central london a good location. Also note though that it is the opposite side of London from Heathrow airport. 	
Aug 9 2004	Home Away From Home	A comfortable, reasonably spacious and fully equipped modern apartment at Fraser Place is a wonderful alternative to a cramped hotel room in central London ... and for about the same price. My wife and I stayed two weeks in a two bedroom unit that we booked through our time share exchange company and received a considerable discount. We agree with previous reviewers glowing comments about Fraser Place and Canary Wharf, so I will save space and just try to add a little extra here. The coffee maker in the apartment is a French press. It worked fine but is a bit messy to clean as it doesn't use a filter. Consider bringing a small funnel that you could insert a filter in, or the filter basket from your drip coffee maker. The apartment comes with an electric kettle to heat the water. The oven temperature control is calibrated in degrees Centigrade. If you're used to Fahrenheit, be prepared to convert. The laundry is a small capacity front loading washer/dryer combination. It can be programmed to both wash and dry in a single session. You can start a load before you leave in the morning and return to dry clothes at the end of your days activity. Nice! Power is 240 V A/C, 50 cycle. Our laptop power supply and digital camera battery charger could handle it without the need for a power converter, but we still needed to use a receptacle adapter. Here are some prices for misc. things that were current as of our stay: Use of the Internet ready guest computer in the Lobby area is £2.50/half hour. The Internet wireless link in the apartment is £6/day. (If you don't need full time Internet access in your apartment, you can visit one of the many Internet Cafes in the greater London area. There is one in the Baker Street McDonalds that charges £1.40 per hour.) Local phone calls are 6 pence per call. Parking is £8/day, £35/week. If you don't care to cook in the apartment, there are many fine restaurants and pubs at Canary Wharf. Of the three grocery stores at Canary Wharf, we found the Tesco market to have the best prices. Fraser Place has a shuttle van that can pick you up at Canary Wharf if you arrive at the Underground or DLR station before 10AM.	
Jun 29 2004	Incredible place!	Can't say anything except that this place was fantastic! Excellent value for the money with all the necessities of home; dishwasher, washer/dryer, ironing, press; microwave, fridge, stove, etc.. I was leary of booking this because it initially only had 2 reviews and I figured they were written by the owners to attract business - glad I was wrong. There is only 2 nits about this place and they are: 1) the water is extremely hard. This place should invest in water softening - I feel sorry for those that have to clean the hard water stains off the glassware and bathrooms. 2) Getting cleaning service to clean your apartment is £50GBP and at current exchange rates that equals $100 US. We cleaned up after ourselves. The wharf area is under heavy construction and security is tight. Cars get randomly inspected and swipe tested for explosives and radioactive materials. The nearest Tube is about 5-10 minute walk but security is everywhere and we never felt unsafe even after midnight. There is a grocery store is in the wharf area so we stocked up on food and cooked in the apartment. They have banks, Starbucks, Chili's, post office, etc.. everything you need right near the apartment (including McD's). Our window faced the marina so we slept with it open at all times. The Millenium dome is a stone throw away across the marina as is the Greenwich Prime Meridian. There is a limited shuttle service from apartment to the wharf area/Tube station but we never used it. They have an internet computer but it was infested with viruses and trojan key logger programs. They allowed me to clean it but it took almost an hour to fix before I could safely log into my remote e-mail account. It will no doubt be infested again so beware of logging into your accounts. Not too many places grab my attention like this hotel did and as such it will be my first choice in the future for visits to London. It's a bit outside the tourist area but still within Zone1/2 of Tube system and only a short haul to town. I am available for questions so email if you wish. Regards.	
Jun 7 2004	Can't say enough nice things!	Choosing to stay at Fraser Place was the best decison! We were originally booked into another hotel, more expensive, in heart of London. When I read the reviews here about how awful the original hotel was, I quickly switched hotels! I got huge kudos from my family. The apartment-style hotel is very, very clean. Decorated in a modern style, with new comfortable furniture. We booked a one-bedroom suite with a pull-out, but upgraded via the phone for a two-bedroom. Were very surprised to actually get a three-bedroom! Huge kitchen with all appliances, kitchenware, etc. Laundry was perfect! I went home with clean clothes! Picked up some food at a local grocery and saved money on breakfastst. We took photos of all the wonderful sights of London, but the first photos we took were of our wonderful accomodations! We were so happy with them!You can pay a bit extra for daily room service, but pull the covers up on the bed, wipe down the counters and don't worry about it.Save money, stay here and really enjoy the huge apartments!FYI for first timers like us: shower is really a tub with a hand held hose and bring your own washcloth. Towels are provided, but no washcloths.	
Jan 4 2004	Absolutely Brilliant!!	Don't get hung up about staying right in the middle of the tourist attractions. This location on Canary Wharf is convinient to the DLR and Jubilee Underground, which will get you to anything &quot;touristy&quot; in short order. Knowlegeable concierge and cafe on site. The spacious new apartments are fully equipped. Our unit had 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, 3 TV's w/cable, a full kitchen w/all appliances and a washer/dryer combination, living/dining area with a table for 6,and 2 balconies, both with river views - wonderful for watching the fireworks on New Year's Eve. If you are traveling with a family this is the only way to go. Three groceries stores and 2 shopping malls in walking distance add to the appeal. All this for less cost than the 2-3 conventional hotel rooms you would need for traveling family.	
Sep 26 2003	Fabulous	This is a two bedroom condominium/apartment in a new building. The building is very nice, but unspectacular on the outside. However the interior is very new and modern. The unit itself is gorgeous. It was immaculately clean and furnished. All of the appliances you would want including a full kitchen with all utensels. There was even a washer/dryer combo.The area is being redeveloped so there was some construction work being done. However this was not a problem.The area was described as being the &quot;Manhatten&quot; of London, meaning a very &quot;tony&quot; upscale commercial/residential area. This would be an accurate description.The staff was extremely helpful to a group of first-time international travelers.The cost was approximately the same as for two decent hotel rooms. However, this was a fabulous condo unit.The &quot;Tube&quot; is reasonably close and there are stores in the immediate vacinity for shopping, including food.All in all an outstanding value.	
