Sep 25 2009 	not quite what I expected	very friendly welcome and qickly issued with parking permit (£5) but they were happy to let me leave the car thare all the next day even after check out.The room was well presented and both room &amp; bathroom very clean; but the bathroom was quite a surprise being one of the new moulded pod type.The breakfast was nothing to write home about; but I slept well and the place was convenient for what we needed.	
Sep 20 2009 	Cheap cheerful Bad service Foreign staff Bearly could speak English...Short staffed!	This hotel was used by Newmarket coach holidays for a one night stay whilst we went to see Ben Hur, the food was gd at the hotel, but they were so disorganised, it was untrue, and no one spoke any English, you had to repeat orders constantly, its was so frustrating when we arrived back at the hotel, after a lovely evening, (Ben Hur) was fanastic, we had to wait about 25 mins to get a drink, they had'nt thought it out, that the coach would come back with hungry, thirsty clients, and there was only two staff on the bar, and they couldnt understand what we were saying, breakfast was also the same, with everyone unable to find cups, spoons etc, the food was fine... in fact I give them 8/10 for their food, which was lovely....we really need a few staff that can speak English, and more of them.... So I wont be going back.....	
Sep 20 2009 	Poor service	Had booked in to Ibis Excel (booking made in February 2009).Arrived for stay on 18th September 2009 only to find our room had been double booked!!!! TAKES 7 MONTHS TO FIND THAT OUT AND ON DAY OF ARRIVAL.Staff not able to give satisfactory reason.We were transferred to Ibis Docklands and assured we would be charged same rate for B/B.Paid for two nights on our arrival (receipted).After a long day sightseeing on the second day we decided to eat at the hotel restaurant only to find that there was &quot;A problem in the kitchen&quot; but we could have a snack! So no meal unless we went out!On morning of departure receptionist tried to get extra money out of us stating we had been undercharged for our room and breakfast.We HAD paid exactly what we should have done for the cancelled hotel and had written evidence to prove it.Took several minutes and much glaring at computer screens before receptionist &quot;realised&quot; I was right.You can imagine our experience of Ibis hotels in London was not good!	
Sep 11 2009 	Awful!!	For the money you pay there are many far better hotels.The matress was about 1cm thick, the bathroom was like a portaloo attached to the room. I've stayed in cheaper places and had much better room &amp; service.If i could rate this hotel as a minus i would!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Very disappointed	Extremely diappointed with the online service of this hotel, would strongly advise anyone do not book online with this company!!! Manager and staff really unhelpful and do not care once they have recieved payment, be very careful!!!!!	
Aug 20 2009	Very basic hotel that needed more staff.	My brother and i stayed in this hotel for one night as we were attending a gig in the O2 Arena. The first thing we noticed when we got to our ground floor room was the damp patch in the ceiling corner. This plus the general feeling that the room had not been decorated in quite some time didn't bode well. For lunch we were treated to some over-priced and not very appetizing food but as we were on a tight schedule we really didn't have a choice in where to eat as the hotel is slightly isolated. After the gig we headed back to the hotel, as did quite a few of the other gig-goers. There was only one member of staff behind the reception/bar and he struggled to cope with the sudden influx of people. He was extremely helpful but he really needed help as he had to deal with check ins, bar service, food orders and room service orders all by himself. Once again the food we and other people ordered was very disappointing (and we only did so as there was nowhere else open at this time). I saw one person receive a &quot;meatball sandwich&quot; which consisted of reheated meatballs between two slices of soggy bread.The hotel is also located quite far from tube/dlr stations and right beside a building site. I know the hotel has no control over this but we were woken at 8:30am by intense building noise and the development is likely to be ongoing for a while.I was aware that this was a budget hotel but left feeling very disappointed. Especially after a very pleasant stay at the Manchester Ibis the night before.	
Aug 12 2009 	new manager dreadful service by the manager herself	we had been regulars for the past 4 years and always happy abouth the accommodation. Until this time! I was waitng to check in, and watched the receptionist making troubles to some french guests. I interfere, trying to help, and was kicked offby her, asking me stay out. I was rather disappointed and when I had to check in, thenshe was so impolite that I felt I might get a heart attack., If I had not known the hotel, I would have gone away. I asked to speak to the general manager, and she told me that she was the new appointed manager.I fortunately, knew some of the staff, and inquiring about the new manager, they confirmed that I was not the only guest to complain for dreadful service.	
Jun 6 2009	the best ever stay at Ibis Docklands--the best budget hotel	Stayed here over the bank holiday weekend. A very nice and clean hotel, which is in a very good location. It is close to the central london which is perfect even for night go out, and 5-minute walk to the canary wharf tube station which was very useful. We did have a problem when we arrived for twin room but then friendly receptionst especially the Manager who sort it out the problem by putting extra bed for us, though they don't do this normally.The breakfast was fantastic with so many different items, though they need to add some items in the hot buffet as there was more variety in cold buffet, which is really good value of money.The staff (Althea, Himani, Raj &amp; Narinder ) were very friendly and helped in everyway they could, especially Althea who even let me print my online borading passes using his own PC. We decided to do the tours and visits ourselves, and glad we did! Some of the brochure prices were too high - but the staff given us good information about the travelling and cheapest way to visit the best attractions of London for example London Pass and viewing from the boat as it passed, but did include lunch and probably a tour guide. There were other trips as well, which in my opinion can be done by yourself with a little help from the tourist information centres. You will save a lot of money if you put a little effort in ofcourse the hotel staff guided me for all this.We had a little hiccup at the end when checking out, where the system thought we owed them money even though I cleared the balance the night before - but I guess that was the computer system problem rather than a staff problem. In the end, it was all sorted. Apart from that, a great stay in a great budget hotel and I would definitely recommend to anyone. I am also become a memeber of A club.	
Jun 6 2009 	It was great!!! We had a good time there.	The staff was very friendly and helpfull, at arrival they offered us to provide a baby cot and at breakfast they brought a highchair to our baby. They gave us information about the city sightseeing as well. So they looked after us. The room was really clean and seemed new. The breakfast was fair, it was not expensive and we had buffet table choice. The location of the hotel was very good, the public transport was walking distance, it was great because we were with our baby.	
Jun 4 2009 	Staying here feels like being at home	good location,economy hotel, friendly, helpful staff,clean, comfortable roomdelicious foodgood value	
Jun 4 2009 	OK Would not return though!!!!!	Rooms are very basic but clean.The hotel is situated near to a very busy roundabout so our room was very very noisy with the window open.Breakfast once again is very basic and I had to ask many times for things as it seems they were struggling to keep up with restocking the food, cutlery, napkins etc.Parking is great though. Plenty of parking and costs just £5.00 for the day.	
May 4 2009 	Don't eat there!	Receptionist polite and friendly. I was tired after travelling, so elected to eat in the room. BIG mistake - the beef dish resembled dog food, and the frozen peas and carrots were still frozen in the middle. I should have gone to McDonalds across the road!Room was clean, though decor very tired and worn. Bathroom immaculately clean.Seemed to be lots of people complaining about various aspects of their stay (I counted 4 and I only stayed overnight!). I often use IBIS on overseas, and this is the worst one I've ever stayed in!	
Mar 22 2009 	Good Buget hotel	Stayed when going to O2 for a concert, rooms clean &amp; tidy, staff friendly and helpful. Fine for an overnight but is a bit basic this is reflected in the rate which was very good for a London hotel	
Mar 2 2009 	good value for a London hotel!	We stayed at the Docklands Ibis when we visited our son, who lived in Canary Wharf. We had previously stayed at the Brittania, a drab and depressing hotel which was twice the price. The Ibis cost us £58 for a clean, basic room with free parking. the bathroom was a pod but well planned and again very clean. I like staying just outside the city centre. The DLR is a few minutes away and travel into the centre is easy. The 'restaurant' is the foyer, but there are lots of good places to eat on the Wharf. We particularly like Carrlucio's, the Italian restaurant. There is a tunnel under the Thames, about a mile along the river path, which brings you up in Grenwich, a good place to walk for a late breakfast. The market at Grenwich has some good stalls for food as well. The champagne bar in the back of Waitrose makes shopping more fun too!We thought the Ibis was really good value for a London hotel; we have paid almost as much for parking when using the city centre!	
Feb 23 2009 	Adequate but don't go for the food!	We visited London for the weekend and found the hotel basic but at a reasonable price. The rooms are of average size, but no views. (except of wasteland and very tall buildings) We have not visited London for a long time, but found getting to the hotel and around the city to be a painless experience. We both liked our food, but found eating in at the hotel to be very poor. There are some very good restaurants in Canary Wharf. Also we chose to have breakfast at McDonalds about 5min walk away. We wouldn't normally eat at McDonalds, but was a better choice than the one on offer at the hotel and cheaper too.All in all a cheap hotel 10 min walk from the LDR station ideal to connect to the underground system and the rest of London, providing you find somewhere else to dine.	
Jan 4 2009 	Clean and functional	Stayed here for a few nights as my husband was working in the area. Clean and functional, reasonable breakfast, helpful staff and within easy walking distance of Canary Wharf. We ate here in the evening once and the food was adequate, but the staff recommended a very nice pub up the road where we sat alongside the river overlooking the Dome and the food was lovely! As far as price and convenience are concerned this is a good hotel and with car parking too!	
Sep 21 2008 	Cheap basic accomodations in the Docklands	We chose to stay at this hotel for 3 nights because we had family living close by. Although the price was good (50 pounds per night), we could definitely tell why it was so cheap!The room was very basic with a thin (but surprisingly comfy) mattress. The washroom resembled something I would find in a boat, complete with the unpleasant boat bathroom smell! It was like smelling a washroom holding tank everytime the toilet flushed or the water was running out of the tap. It was otherwise a clean room though and the staff was generally helpful and courteous. The location is decent, as the DLR stop is a few minutes walk away. It took about 30-40 minutes to get to Central London from there.I was not happy, however, when upon checking out, they tried to charge me 20 pounds for the use of a hair dryer as &quot;equipment rental&quot;. They did remove the charge when I challenged it, claiming it was a &quot;deposit&quot;. Also, I was told by the receptionist that it would cost 50pounds for a taxi to get to the airport, but when the taxi actually came, the driver told me that it would cost us 60pounds, because the hotel charged him 10pounds for the call. Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you don't mind the distance from city and the small room and bathroom. Just be sure to check your bill and ask about any hidden costs!	
Aug 10 2008	Basic and efficent	This is a basic hotel and is fine if you just looking for a bed for a night at a reasonable cost. I had no complaints with staff or facilities and would stay there without hesitation but luxury it is not. It is out a bit from the centre of London but there is a tube station almost beside it. There seems to be nothing around it to see or do.	
Aug 6 2008 	Basic and noisy	Have stayed here a few times. A colleague has one of Ibis cards where he gets free rooms!Good things: Free car parking, clean, comfortable bedBad things: Noisy, basicNot the place for me, but can understand people using it.	
Jun 13 2008 	Good choice	We stayed here at the end of May as we were going to a concert at the o2. Check in was very quick, and the lady on the reception was very helpfull with advising us on the best way to get to the o2 as the Jubilee line was closed for maintenance work on the day we were there.The room was quite large, and the TV had some cable/freeview channels and some audio channels as well.The bathroom is great, it a sort of curved &quot;pod&quot; in the corner of the room, but it really is like the tardis, the shower was huge! You will need to take your own hairdryer though.The room/bathroom/sheets were all very clean and there are tea/coffee making facilities. The bed was a bit hard, but that really is a personal view as I like a softer mattress.We parked at the Hotel, and was charged only £3.50 for the overnight parking which was really cheap. I do not know why the previous &quot;poster&quot; was charged £12.00 for parking! We ate breakfast at the hotel the next morning, and this was £6.10 each. To be honest with you, it is not great value for money, but you do have to realise you are in central London. There is a choice of toast / croissants / bread rolls / sausages / a weird cheese and ham roll thingy / cereal / cheese portions / and fruit salad. Also the normal tea / coffee / apple and orange juice. You do eat in the reception area, the hotel does not have a seperate restaurant. It was no problem when we were there as it was so quiet, but i would not like to sit there eating if lots of people were checking in. If I stayed here again, I would walk over to Mcdonalds ( a 2 minute walk) and have breakfast there, as this would be better value.All in all, a good choice if you are going to Canary Wharf or Excel. Also really good for the o2. If you are going to the o2 from here, a good way to get there would be to get the DLR to canary wharf, walk down to the river ( 3-5min walk) and then get the Thames clipper boat from the Canary Wharf pier to the o2, it costs £1.50 on the DLR and £2.50 on the boat. You see a bit of London from the Thames. After the concert we got a taxi back to the hotel which cost £22.50.A good, budget place to stay, very clean.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Value!!!	I really liked Ibis as it was great value for money, the bedrooms were clean, and it had a TV with all the channels. The location was great as well about 5 minutes walk away from the nearest DLR Station, it has a Mc Donald’s opposite to it and all the chicken and chips shops (PFC's) near by. We had a view of Canary Wharf which was great, I believe other rooms have the view of the river Thames and also the o2 (dome) which is relatively nice.The check in staff were kind and welcoming and assisted us straight away there was no waiting around.All in all it was a pleasant place to stay probably not the most luxurious place but definitely has all the things you will need.	
May 3 2008 	Just Basic	Stayed here Friday 2nd May. room far too small, Breakfast a rip off @ £5 for a continental...no english breakfast available!then to add insult to injury you have to pay £12 for a 24 stay at the car park! Shower / toilet is like a step in street toilet resembling Dr Who's tardis. weird! Can only describe this hotel as Basic! nothing more and at the wrong end of London.	
Dec 22 2007 	I had it for free and would not stay there!	I had booked the hotel with a travel agency along with Bruce Springsteen tickets. To make a long story short we walked in and a very nice woman checked us in, we went to our room turned around and walked out. We went up the street and checked into the Raddison. The hotel is fine for a bunch of 18 year olds out drinking besides that type of group it is a total dump. It really is a place to be avoided.	
Nov 19 2007 	Good locatoin for Excel	Looking over the other mixed reviews it's clear that many people do not understand the concept of Ibis hotels. I did and as a result was quite surprised (pleasantly) with my stay.I chose this hotel purely to be close to Excel as it's just a few stops on the DLR and next to a station, the extra time this gave me was well worth the stay.The rooms are modern but trim and the bathroom is kind of like a capsule but it all works.Food was also OK but limited in terms of menu though the prices were good value for London.If you need a good clean room and a hot meal then this is a good choice.	
Oct 15 2007 	Your Basic Hotel	Was booked in at the IBIS hotel for three days for on a work related visit. We got to the hotel quite late as it happened around 12 at night. The reception area looked quite nice but there was only one person on the reception desk who was apparently also the only barman on duty. Eventually got a mix up regarding the payment sorted out and got to my room which was comfortable if somewhat basic. There was only a continental breakfast on offer in the mornings which wasn't exactly ideal but it was only a small complaint really. Overall i didn't spend too much time at the hotel but the time i was there i found it to be a nice enough hotel which was quiet comfortable also., i had been a bit worried after reading the previous reviews on the place but i was pleasantly surprised.	
Sep 29 2007 	Reception from hell.	Had a late evening arrival at hotel for overnight stay. Staffing of reception was poor with only one person to check in as well as manning the bar and telephones. Eventually it took me 20 mins in queue to be checked in. Reception not very polite including wrong information on paying for stay. Finally got to room which was basic, including the caravan wash area. Other colleagues with me complained about the smell &amp; cleanliness of their rooms and the noise in general. Great view from bedroom window of Canary Wharf which was only highlight. Breakfast area poor and preferred to go to MacDonalds than pay the overinflated price of what looked like a very average breakfast. Overall, not a pleasant experience and would not stay here again.	
Sep 4 2007 	SHORT TUBE RIDE TO DOME	If you want to stay somewhere cheap and near to the 02(dome) This is a good choice.Small basic hotel but very clean and the most comfortable bed i have slept in .Shower room a bit like Dr Who's tardis .Clever room planning to give you a bit more space.Nice flat screen television.Free parking ...a big plus.It is a couple of stops on tube to 02 .We eat out at Canary wharf (WHICH YOU CAN WALK TO) and then went over to the dome.All really close. If you walk out of the hotel you can see the dome right in front of you on the other side of the river.good photo opportunityCan't fault the hotel at all.	
Aug 20 2007 	clean room but unhelpful staff and lack of amenities	i booked a double room in this hotel as it was billed as being very near to the O2 arena. when i checked in, i wasnt told that there were no double rooms available (Despite having paid for one) and was given my room key. i felt that i should have been told they were giving me a Twin Room instead of the double i had booked.The room was clean, well insulated from noise and had a powerful shower. however, no basics were provided e.g. toothpaste, hairdryer.The hotel was billed as being &quot;very near to the 02 arena&quot;. my taxi from the hotel to the arena cost £18 one-way so i feel this description is an exaggeration. However, i have to compliment the hotel on a tasty and plentiful buffet breakfast.	
Jun 12 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Ok first of all, I wasn't sure weather I should stay at this hotel, after I read some negative reviews on this site. However, being a stone throw away from Canary Wharf where I was on an assignment, I thought I'd give it a shot. There was complimentary car parking included, wifi fi access throughout the hotel, flat screen TV's in the rooms and a very friendly team of staff. I stayed at Ibis docklands for a week and I will return and recommend it to all my friends and family. East London is rough, but I did not see one instance of trouble during the week. All I saw was men and women in suits and some builders, who came in a for a beer after work.If you are going to be working in Canary Wharf, visiting O2 dome for a concert or visiting Excel for a conference, this is the right hotel without shelling out ridiculous prices charged by the likes of Hilton and Holiday Inn.	
Apr 10 2007 	Checked in ... checked out	Wrong room type reserevd, unhelpful staff and generally the most depressing building I've set foot in - need I say more? I didn't stayand checked into the Hilton down the road instead. If you can afford it I'd advise anyone to do the same.	
Apr 8 2007 	This hotel is rough 	We arrived at this hotel after travelling on the DLR. We had to travel under two busy roads and through two underpasses. Our first comment would be dont go out at night as there are youths with hoodies verywhere. A few stood on a bridge and tried to spit on our heads as we walked underneath. The hotel is very smokey and there is not a separate restaurant. You eat and drink in a small area adjacent to the reception desk. There is no security and anyone from the street can walk into the hotel and access the rooms. We had an awful night as a bunch of youths had booked two rooms and spent all night slamming doors and running up and down the hall between the two rooms shouting &amp; some were half naked. A number of hooded youths were also seen entering the hotel and going into these rooms. We complained three times to the hotel before these youths were finally ejected at 4.15am. We did not sleep or feel safe in this hotel. We would not recommend this hotel. We have stayed in Ibis hotels in the past and found them a very good basic hotel but this one is the exception to the rule. We would also point out that the rooms are very small and the ensuite looks like a portable plastic bathroom from a caravan. There are no baths in this hotel only showers. We could not wait to leave.	
Jan 2 2007 	Wanted to leave Immediately	This Hotel is located beside a main road and some apartments, there is a local pub opposite the Hotel but that is it for local amenities unless you drive. As my taxi pulled up outside and I pulled my bag through the little gate to enter the Hotel my first impressions werent good and they proceeded to get worse. As I entered I was hit with a stink of cigarette smoke, I'm not used to it coming from Ireland but still it was too much to bear! There is no separate reception area or bar / lounge / restaurant its all one space! The reception desk is part of the food service area but just at the far end. The woman who checked me in had a stained T-shirt on with a hole in it she had obviously been working in the back kitchen and wasnt dressed for front of house. The lounge/seating area doubles up as the bar and sat at several tables were single men nursing pints and smoking. Very lonely looking sight and unnerving as a single female business traveller. The room was stark and almost bare with a small double bed low to the ground covered by a single blanket and bedspread and one pillow although there was an extra blanket and pillow available. The bathroom was small and basic but spotless and had a good shower unit. For the positives the place was clean and there were complimentary magazines in the lobby. This is a low price Hotel but honestly its not worth what they are charging.	
Nov 21 2006 	Very Noisy	The hotel was what I expected basic but the room was a little bigger than I expected. The main problem was the location by a very large roundabout. So after being woken up at 6:30 with the traffic I had no chance of getting back to sleep. I was on the side of the main road of which there is two. Maybe facing the front will be less noisy.	
Aug 26 2006	Good for what it is	I needed a hotel for an overnight stay in the docklands for an early morning meeting.This hotel served the purpose admirably. It's clean, accessible, and near to public transport.A perfectly good hotel, but nothing special.	
Jul 23 2006 	Not Good	Well just returned from one nights stay at this hotel and compared to the IBIS euston this is far inferior.ProsIs right off Dcklands Light Railway service so its about a 3 min walk.Bedroom clean and nice spacious bathroom which looks something outta Star Trek.ConsStaff not intrested in filling you in about hotel. ie lift is behind you breakfast is served at various times.Had difficulty trying to explain i wanted an iron and had to tell him where it was located.Receptionist on checking out was trying to deal with 3 people at once although it was not busy.No-one knows how to smile.was charged nearly double the price of weekend rate room because it was &quot;MOTOR WEEK&quot;.i would probably recommend the Euston Branch as for me ill be going back to the Mariott in Kensington much better place	
Mar 1 2005	Frequent guest here	This hotel is a great value for the money if you get the special internet rate of about USD70. We've stayed here four times. The location is out of the way, but the hotel is new, clean, staff treated us great, and you can check in as early aw 7:30 AM, which is great if you have flown all night from the states. Ask and you get the hairdryer, and the Tube is a short walk away. Nothing really around the hotel, but not a too long tube to the city. Very clean rooms and furnishings, nice bed and bright cheerful. You will not be disappointed at the rate - great value for the price!	
Jan 11 2005	Oh Dear!!!!	This is the most miserable place I have ever had the misfortune to stay!!!!. Due to work committments I have stayed in this hotel several times, and I have to say considering the location and the room rate it is horrible. The staff are unfreindly the place is not particularly clean and it is overpriced for a budget hotel.Keep looking!!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	02??		
Jul 17 2009 	"Muy mal hotel. Sucio alejado del centro y personal desagradable"		
