Oct 29 2009 	Astor Court - Its OK would stay again!!	The hotel is very close to Oxford Circus Tube and its location is ideal for Oxford Street, The service from reception was good and the staff are friendly and happy to help. The rooms are OK in size and very warm (exceptionally clean). The breakfast area is very small and the breakfast is very basic but its OK!! toast and coffee etc only! no full english at this hotel	
Oct 27 2009 	Never stay here!	Am horrified to see that we have had the same experience as other travellers and wish I had read reviews before going to London. Arrived to find our apartment was not available - were informed that this had been communicated to our agent but they have no record of this - apparently at time of booking they were fully booked. It later transpired that it was due to problems in another room and our room had been given to another group who had booked in before us. We were offered 2 rooms which we had no choice but to take due to travelling with young children and the time we checked in. It definitely meant our break got off to a bad start. Apart from location I can think of nothing else which would make me want to stay here again or recommend to anyone (unless I didn't like them!) Old hotel, shabby, poor facilities and massively over priced.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not a great place to stay	Pros: Proximity to Oxford Street.Cons: Everything else...As someone else described, this hotel is a conversion and as a result some of the rooms must be great and some are rubbish. Mine was a strange layout, but of reasonable size - a bit tired to look at, but that seems to be the norm for hotels trying to save a penny or two in refurbishment costs. Unfortunately, long term (and ongoing) building works almost adjacent to the hotel make this one of the noisiest daytime rooms I ever been in (and I was doing some last minute revision for an exam!). At night I have to admit it was pleasantly quiet although not having double glazing is a puzzling choice in a city centre hotel.Contrary to other reviewers experience, my room was freezing (in the second week of October) with a barely functional radiator the only source of heat. Reception couldn't provide a standalone heater (&quot;people normally complain the rooms are too hot&quot;) so I resorted to using the lights, the trouser press and even the hair-dryer at one point to heat the room up!The en-suite bathroom was old, basic and cold with the poorest excuse for a shower I've ever witnessed. An interesting puzzle was the television (nice LCD) which provided the 5 analogue channels as well as a Freview selection, but unfortunately no-one's paid the engineers to come round and retune the sets after the recent channel changes so most of them are missing.The bed was at least comfortable and the continental breakfast was better presented than most other hotels I've stayed in recently.Overall, if you want a cheap hotel I advise you to stay in a Travelodge or Premier Inn somewhere else in central London and use the money saved to pay for the extra tube fare. Even at £30 this hotel would be charging too much.	
Aug 9 2009 	Terrible experience	A group of 5 of us booked a weekend break in London to celebrate our 30th Birthdays. We chose Astor Court Hotel as we wanted an apartment and the hotel was pretty central. The apartment was booked a couple of months in advance via the internet. We turned up at the hotel on friday night to be told that due to a problem with the fire alarm we couldn't stay in our apartment-(they had clearly given the accommodation to someone paying more). The only solution they offered was a hotel in a completely different part of London (and we had a table at a local restaurant booked for half an hour later!) - It also turned out that this alternative accommodation was a hotel room, rather than an apartment, and that it only slept 4 when there were 5 of us! We had to trawl round the area looking for an alternative, which meant that we missed our table reservation and had to spend extra money on transport. We found it disgraceful that they left 5 female travellers at night with no suitable options. The only compensation we got was our deposit back, but no apology and no offer of help with transport costs. Terrible!	
Jul 21 2009 	Perfect location location location (without glamour or comfort).	Our party of 5 booked a 2 bedroom apartment, with a kitchen, bath, and sofa bed in the lounge. First the good: The room sizes are generous. The original coving and moulding is fantastic! We were in a top floor apartment, with windows in every room, as well as skylights in the hall, so it was bright and cheerful. The rooms were clean, and kept nicely clean. The location can't be beat, as it is a 5 minute walk to both Soho and Oxford Circus, 10 minutes on foot to Picadilly - and the tube is really the only way to travel in London. For the not so good: the sheets were starched and more than one of us woke up with skinned elbows. The matresses were old and very uncomfortable. The windows are single-paned and let in every noise from the busy district outside (lorries thundering by literally all night). The bath and shower had no shower head. The bathroom floor was a bit iffy, and definitely sloping toward scary. The continental breakfast, although conscienciously attended by friendly staff) was very basic. The desk staff (also very friendly) know nothing, so don't even bother to ask - they don't even know the type of parking zone in front of the hotel! Overall, it was a clean, budget-friendly hotel in a fabulous location. Anyone raised on television would be horrified by the old and battered state of the place. Realists without rheumatism can manage quite well. Pampering this is not, but there's all the rest of London to take care of that!	
Jul 10 2009	Ideal for Central London	We booked an apartment for 4 people with 2 bed-rooms, kitchen and bathroom/shower for two nights. Arrived to find apartment not available for the first night due to refurbishment of a floor, so we had to settle for one without a kitchen and only a sofa bed in the second room. Only suitable for three people really. Continental breakfast buffet was adequate to set us up for the day sightseeing, etc. For the second night we were offered our original standard of apartment which was far superior - twin beds in second lounge room and kitchen with microwave, fridge, cutlery and crockery. The bathrooms, which were just ok, are in need of refurbishment. Good quality TV in the lounge bedroom.Ideally situated for Oxford Circus, Regent's Park, Great Portland Street Tube Station. Right next to BBC Broadcasting House. Overall, quite good value for 4 people in the centre of London.	
May 10 2009 	Enjoyed Our Stay Would Recommend And return	Hello folksI don't often leave reviews, but thought i would as others helped me in coming to a decision. Hopefully mine will do the same, although i do think that perhaps some of this all depends on which room you get. I took my girlfriend on a theatre break ( all inclusive deal ) and chose Astor court hotel due mainly to it's location and mostly good reviews.The hotel is around ten minutes walk from Oxford street and Regents street and so really is in a good location for shoppping and the tube.The room we had was fine , high ceilings, bathroom was big with bath, shower,sink and toilet. Bedroom was fine with a comfortable bed, and the icing on the cake was a separate living room with two seater sofa good sized television with built in free view . Some of the furniture is quite oldy worldy, that may bother some, but didn't us. Wireless internet was there, although we didn't use it so can't comment on really , and the usual tea / coffee maker / hair dryer facilities, oh and a trouser press. The room wasn't an apartment, just a normal double room that for some reason i was expecting to be small and cosey, perhaps from reading another review somewhere , but it was the opposite. All in all very nice and all clean. The included breakfast was continental style and held down stairs in two separate &quot;breakfast rooms&quot;. Selection was good, including, cereals, yogurt, tea, coffee, toast, Croissants , apple and orange juice. Cutlery was clean as were the tables, table cloths chairs etc and it was all &quot;help yourself&quot; so you could make as many return trips to the food as you wanted, you won't go hungry. Staff were all foreign and very friendly. We came back fairly late one night and asked for more tea / coffee for the room and were supplied with plenty. We also asked for directions and locations of shops for the next day and we were understood so there were no &quot;language barrier&quot; problems.All in all we were very happy, i would return again, i would ask for the same room again, and i'd recommend to a friend. Hope this helps.Simon.H.	
Apr 26 2009 	Deffo Recommend this hotel for young travellers	Me and my friends make a trip to London once a year and the last time we went we stayed in this hotel. It is only 5 minutes walk from the centre of Oxford st so is really ideal for shopping. The rooms are a bit dated but are very clean. We stayed in one of the apartment rooms at the top there was 6 of us - it was a little cramped but would be ideal for 5 people. It think it worked out about 50 or 60 euro each for 2 nights which was pretty good value. I dont think there is a restaurant or any thing there so dont be thinking u can ring for room service :)	
Apr 4 2009 	Great location bit over priced perhaps	My friends took me to London for my birthday overnight &amp; we stayed here. Our room was lovely it was clean, beds were comfortable, freeview television, seating area...although it was abit cramped it was fine there was only three of us &amp; we generally don't get under each others feet. Bathroom was clean with a shower, bath &amp; sink, the toliet was in a seperate room, only issue with the bathroom for me was the door didn't shut properely &amp; so I found myself taking my suitcase in the bathroom to prop the door shut. Location was brilliant nearby Oxford street &amp; in a quite a posh area...we even saw Paul O'Grady walking down the street nearby lol. I can't comment on the breakfast since I didn't have any but my two friends said it was fine.All the staff were foreign &amp; so it was difficult to understand them sometimes &amp; they struggled to understand us sometimes too, but the majority of workers in London are foreign anyway so it did'nt bother me to be honest.All in all I enjoied my stay in the hotel but then again I wasn't picking up the bill when I checked prices online I have to say I was slightly disappointed &amp; feel that they do overcharge you but its London so it can be expected to be pricey anyway.If your looking for somewhere pleasant to stay I'd recommend it, if you don't mind the price :)	
Mar 2 2009 	A lovely clean and centrally placed hotel	My husband and I and our 4 young children stayed here in Jan 2009. I had read positive reviews on trip advisor and I wanted to echo these. The hotel is minutes walk from Oxford Street. It is an old hotel but very clean. We had an apartment with 2 bedrooms, a seperate toilet and bathroom and a kitchen including fridge and microwave which meant we could make snacks after a days sightseeing. The continental breakfast was lovely too. The hotel staff were very helpful also. This hotel really helped to make our stay in London a very pleasant one.	
Feb 25 2009 	What a rip off!!!	I am really disappointed after paying £112.00 for the night of the state this hotel is in. The rooms were really dated and in urgent need of modernisation and breakfast was not served until 7.30. It was extremely hot in the evening as the radiators didn’t switch off which meant I woke up with a terrible sore throat. The rooms didn’t have double glazing which meant the very noisy street sounds kept me awake (including the banging from the building site just opposite) plus I could feel the underground vibrate through the hotel. My shower didn't work and there was no hot water, which meant I had to have a cold shower in the morning. The walls were so paper-thin that I was also kept awake by the person in the room next to mine who was snoring. The bathroom is extremely cold! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Please go to another hotel, Novotel Euston is only 10 minutes walk from this hotel and there is only a £10 difference in the price...WHAT A RIP OFF!!!	
Feb 3 2009 	beware this hotel	i stayed at this hotel with my daughter and 1yr old grandson what a rip. icould not comfirm online booking so rang the hotel direct they said they could do me a better price direct .online it was £145.00 for 2 nights the hotel said they could do it for £122.00 i asked if this was all in they said yes . i did not get confirmation in writing or via email when we arrived they tried to charge me £245.00for the 2 nights they said i misunderstood £122.00was for 1 night, i was very upset they did reduce it in the end to £198.00 but still a lot so make sure you get a price on paper. i asked for a low room and got ground floor which was good but so noisey being right on the pavement, heating could not be turned off the room was like a furness you could not leave your window open being on ground floor.the room was very small. when leaving i asked the hotel to order me a taxi to go to the station another big mistake they call a private firm they charged me £15.00 when it was only £5.40 to get there ,so order your own taxi when needed.breakfast was busy but ok you were not rushed out. i would not stay here again as i think they were unfair. but good location and take heed to reviews and you might be alright	
Jan 23 2009 	Decent hotel... excellent location... some problems though (Room 46)	We stayed there for 5 nights and while we never planned for a 5 star hotel, some things there just threw me off. First the positive: Location is excellent - 10 min to the tube, all the shopping and sightseeing buses minutes away. Good neighborhood. The hotel is relatively clean (not by Ritz standards but Holiday Inn clean). Rooms are small by US standards but very generous for Europe. Housekeeping is decent - still trying to figure out how they managed to vacuum around couple of books and newspapers that fell on the floor without moving them though. Breakfast is included but don't count on it being very nutritious - packed cheese and day old croissants... some jam, toasted bread and tea/coffee. Staff is extremely friendly. Internet station in the lobby (expensive). Wi-Fi available (even more expensive).Negative: Yes, it's an old, old and older building, but it would be a good idea to change/fix the windows - you can feel every wind gust in the room. Restroom is extremely small (which would be fine) but COLD! old single pane window and NO Heat. It does get cold in UK! I'm not sure why people wanted AC in the rooms in Winter, but trust me - you'd rather settle for heat in the restroom. Staff is very friendly but useless. They don't know what's around the hotel and are only able to call a cab (the most expensive one - don't ask them to call you a cab!) and direct you to the tube station where you can find (supposedly) whatever you're looking for. Not too much to eat around the hotel after 8pm - everything closes early except for McDonalds and couple restaurants. Appliances (bathtub, sink, etc) are probably as old as the building itself and the enamel on the bathtub is peeling off really bad. (we were in room 46 but I think it'll be similar with other rooms).Generally speaking, except for the cold restroom and leaking windows this was pretty much what we expected. Unless you're looking for luxury, this hotel will provide reasonably clean rooms and comfortable beds and generously large (by european standards) rooms.	
Jan 20 2009 	This hotel needs serious renovation!	This hotel reminded me a Soviet hotel from an old movie. OK, the room was generously sized, but there was no AC, no ventilation in the loo, old furniture, dilapidated lampshades, missing handles, etc. On top of this the shower did not work the first day. I complained - it was fixed, it barely worked for the next day and then broke again. We requested and got a different room. The service was not good overall. The hotel manager was trying to convince me that the shower worked and somehow, like most Americans I don't really know how to use it. The room was not made one day. The lack of AC forces you to sleep with the window open and it is really noisy outside (there is a construction site next to the hotel). The breakfast is typical English, nothing to be excited.The bottom line - stay out of this property, not recommended for anybody.	
Jan 19 2009 	Fine for a family break	We stayed here for two nights for a midweek half-term break to see a couple of shows, with children aged 11 and 16. We booked one of the &quot;apartments&quot; which was actually a small sitting room with 2 single beds in an alcove off, plus a double bedroom, bathroom and separate WC. OK not 5*, but decent 3*. Quiet room, comfortable beds, TV in sitting room and double bedroom. Fine for what we wanted - just a place to sleep and get breakfast. Bath enamel was somewhat stained and damaged, but it's an old building and the room certainly wasn't dirty - just old. Staff were polite and let us check in early, leaving our luggage in the (unsecured) luggage room at our own risk, but no problems. Continental breakfast in the basement breakfast room wasn't frilly, but it was fine and there was plenty of it. We were quite satisfied with the place, and would certainly use it again because it's incredibly convenient.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great location for shopping and shows	Stayed here 1 night for a shopping and theatre trip. Fantastic location for the price - just 5 mins brisk walk from Oxford Circus. Room was clean, bed comfortable, plenty of hot water, helpful staff, and a perfectly adequate continental breakfast. Exactly what we wanted for a short break.	
Jan 5 2009 	Simple but a perfect base	My husband and I stayed 2 nights at this hotel. We wanted a good base to see London from.Check in was painless and the staff were both polite and friendly.The room wasn't 5 star but we never expected it to be - it was clean and warm....apart from the bathroom which was very draughty and my only real complaint.There is no bar in the hotel which is a shame but there's a nice little 'local' pub literally 2 doors down - which does nice daytime food and is reasonably priced. We had a great weekend. 2 nights in central london for £169 B+B!!! cannot complain - didn't try the breakfast unfortunatley bed was too comfy!!	
Dec 17 2008 	Great location	The Astor Court Hotel is placed right in the heart of London, just a few minutes walk from Oxford Street/Oxford Circus. The room was fine and the breakfast buffet was ok, but nothing special. The staff is friendly and helpful.	
Dec 14 2008 	Not so bad after all!	OK- before booking a hotel in London, we trawled all the review sites. Basically most hotels under £200 a night in a good location have mixed reviews- many comments mention hotels are older and suffer common problems such as old fashioned, small rooms, noise from Underground, no lift, miserable staff etc. so we were prepared for the worst. OK, the negatives first- hotel was older and a little tired especially the stair carpets (very Austin Powers). The luggage rooms were pokey and undecorated and the room had a suspicious odour of cigarette smoke (did not last too long once we got some windows open, The bathroom was pretty clean although a little &quot;mix and match&quot; and the shower mixer was temperamental.Now the middle ground- the staff varied between indifferent and excellent- the breakfast girl was a joy! There was a lift but quite small. There was noise from the Underground but we were too tired to notice when in the room. The room was well decorated and clean although the desk and office chair took up much space.Now the good stuff- walk in off the street and pay £175 a night for a double. We paid just over £70 by shopping around on the net. My favourite thing of note were the shoe shining machines on each floor- quirky!The room came with tea and coffee facs., hairdryer, trouser press, LCD TV, telephone, free digital safe and plenty of storage. The breakfast, although continental, was plentiful, the breakfast room was clean and bright and just a great start to the day. And finally the location- 5 mins walk to Regents Park or Regent Street, 10 min amble to Oxford Street, 2 mins to Great Portland St Underground, loads of pubs, delis and eateries nearby- busy with friendly media types from BBC Radio, Dave and the like. Recommend Villandry for gifts/ nibbles, Horse and Groom for a homely cheap pub, The Albany for trendy young things with the best pint of Peroni I have ever tasted and Sergios (as recommended to me by Steve Lemacq!) for some home cooked Italian fare that won't break the bank.Happy!	
Dec 9 2008 	Cheap but Basic	If you are wanting a cheap place to crash in central London after getting drunk this is it. If you are after high quality / standards in a Hotel look elsewhere.Positive: The hotel location in central London is excellentFriendly staffNegative:The hotel room &amp; general decor are in bad need of refurbishment. Real 1970's Fawlty Towers looking. Room was very very noisy,all night traffic &amp; general noise - no double glazing. The bathroom was pretty grime &amp; the shower was luke warm.Breakfast was a very crowded affair with people packed into one room. Very small glasses for the orange juice &amp; cheap food.	
Oct 29 2008 	Astor Court was lovely!!	Having booked the Hotel online I then read some of the reviews just before we left to go to London on holiday, so felt a wee bit unsure about what to expect after seeing the mixed reviews. We're now back home after a great holiday in London and our stay at the Astor Court was lovely!Having travelled from Scotland down to Kings Cross on the train, it was a short taxi ride (15 mins and under £10.00) to the Hotel. We had originally booked a family room so it was a pleasant surprise to be given an apartment. This was comfortable and spacious! The bathroom was fine and it was handy to have the small kitchen. Our 2 wee boys loved going down for breakfast each morning - there was a great choice of food and the staff were very welcoming and friendly. The location was very central - a short walk down to Oxford Circus and the tube. There were a number of 'family-friendly' italian /pizza restaurants close by. We were right next to the BBC radio studios - great for 'star-spotting' Radio 2 dj's !! We weren't disturbed at all with noise from the construction work across the road and the street was very quiet at night. You could hear the rumble of the tube trains but this didn't bother us.Our only 'gripes' would be that the twin beds were in the living room - realistically where children would sleep....the large tv was also in this room, so not a good idea to put it on when you're settling a 3-year old! During our stay a small (digital) tv was put into our bedroom which was handy. There was a large wardrobe although not enough hangers and some drawers would have been handy....I also found the bedroom to be so hot and it was hard to turn the radiators down / off. The domestic staff on our floor were lovely - we met Betty - she was friendly without being intrusive.We would definitely recommend the Hotel to family and friends, this was our first family trip to London and we hope to return one day!	
Sep 28 2008 	Good Location HUGE Rooms	This review is a little late...Me and a friend were going to London for a bit of retail therapy, sightseeing and clubbing.We picked this hotel becasue of the price and location.When we arrived at the hotel we were told that check-in isn't until 2pm, but we were able to leave our bags in a room so we wouldn't have to carry them around.The location of this hotel couldn't have been any better, around a 3 minute walk from Oxford Street (Topshop, Nike Town etc.)The rooms were better than we had expected. With a bathroom, separate toilet, two twin beds, wardrobe and sitting area.There were tea &amp; coffee making facilites, TV etc.Breakfast is included, but it's only continental. We were late getting up so we missed breakfast, but we looked in the breakfast rooms and there are things like bread, cereal, croussants etc.I would go back to this hotel again due to the location and size of the rooms, the only downside was that we had to check out of our rooms at 11am, so had to walk around London with our bags, which was bit of a pain!!	
Sep 15 2008 	Budget with a capital B...	Stayed in the Astor Court recently and I fail to see how this property is rated 3 star. Furthermore, I certainly could not see any evidence of redecoration anywhere, contrary to what is stated on the hotel website. All in all it is just adequate. More a 'hotel' for those only wanting a bed for a night without any of the trimmings of a modern 3 star or 4 star hotel. The location is fine in that we could walk to the main attractions in 10-15 mins. We did not have the luxury of hot water any morning of our stay and the bathroom and toilet appear not to have been changed since the war. All in all a bit of a disappointment.	
Aug 22 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!	Just got back from London, after staying in the Astor Court Hotel for one night. After reading some of the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was a bit dubious. Arrived late due to coach problems, but when we got there we were told they had overbooked and were being upgraded from a twin room to an apartment, so we were off to a good start! The girl on reception was very friendly and helpful.The room was nice and spacious, although the decorating was a little old fashioned, however this was a minor detail. We also found the kitchen a bit grotty, but this didn't matter as my boyfriend and I didn't need to use it. The only thing that could have been a problem was that the hairdryer in the room did not work, but i had bought my own with me. Although our room was lovely, i can imagine that anything other than the apartment would be fairly small and possibly a bit cramped.The breakfast was simple, but it did the job! Plenty to choose from with juices and a machine for hot drinks.Overall, we were quite impressed with the hotel and wouldnt definitely go there again. The location is great, with easy access to everything.	
Aug 2 2008 	Worst hotel ever	While Astor Court Hotel had a good location for our needs and the breakfast was OK, that is all I can say positive about it. I know that European hotel standards are not the same as US standards, but this hotel set a low for quality during our three week trip through five countries. The rooms are old and several items did not work. The towel rack literally fell off the wall drenching our towels in the tub. The room layouts are atrocious and do not allow for any air circulation. It was hot while we were in London and the hotel has no air conditioning. This would not be a problem but for the room layout and the fact they have no ceiling fans in the rooms or fans they can give to you to put in the window. When asked about this the staff could have cared less. Except for the girl who worked nights the staff was totally useless. In an effort to get the room cool we had to leave the window wide open. The street noise is horrible and the ongoing construction next door wakes you early and goes all day long. The TV's are miniscule and the cable (if you can call it that) quality was horrible. We supposedly had a three person room which appears to be a two person room with a cot cramed into it leaving absolutely no room for luggage let alone to walk around or sit. The only positive attribute the Astor Court Hotel has to offer is location. I would pick any other place to stay over the Astor Court Hotel.	
Jul 29 2008 	Large rooms for families	Great place to stay in central London. Close to Oxford street.Got a large apartment with plenty of room for our family of four. Room was clean but as in many London hotel the interior was a bit old. Small kitchen that suited our needs. Good service at check-in. Was first placed in a family room as booked, but the day after reception called and offered us an apartment. Decent breakfast buffet included.Only negative thing to mentioned is the noice from the street as windows are not well isolated.On the basis of the noice and the pricing I rate it three. Otherwise I would have given it a four	
Jun 30 2008 	Very bad service	I booked this hotel based on the fairly good reviews and because they had an apartment room that could sleep 5/6 people. A group of my girlfriends and I were going to London for the weekend and loved the idea of a suite that we could all stay in together and have a good old laugh.I booked this hotel and even rang the day before to check that they had the booking for 5 in the apartment room, which they did. When we arrived we were informed that the apartment room was not available and that we were in two twin rooms one of which would have an extra bed put in it!I was not very happy about this and when asked why this was the case was given some sob story about the people who were in the room being unable to leave but we could still have the 2 rooms for the same price of apartment.... how kind!We did not receive an apology and the staff sniggered behind our backs and were inpolite, they thought it was all highly amusing that they had put a serious dampner on our weekend.If I had know the apartment was not available I would have booked elsewhere!We asked to speak to the manager and told that &quot;he did not liked to be called&quot;.... what kind of manager is that! I then asked why the other people had not been asked to leave and the supervisior claimed they had left the hotel early, any other decent hotel would have told the other people that yes of course they could stay an extra night but not in the only apartment room as this had been booked by another group, but no, this is way to difficult for them.After being totally fobbed off we informed the hotel staff that as we had no choice other than to stay in the 2 other rooms they should give us a discount as compensation, to which they replied we were getting the 2 rooms cheaper as they would only take payment for the apartment room. I explained to them this was not the point and was hardley compensation aas we would never pay more. They then told us that they could not give a discount as they were not authorised too and needed payment upfront, remember the manager does not like to be called!Eventually they did agree to give us a discount, so they lied to us again as they could authorise it without the manager!To make things worse the rooms were very small and basic whereas I know the apartment room is of a good size, plus one of the girls had to sleep on a bed that was shoved in any old how.I would not recommend this hotel as they were very rude!	
May 27 2008 	Superb Value For Money	I've stayed here previously in 2006 and wasn't terribly impressed but we have just had a very positive stay this weekend. The standards have really improved and the rooms, corridors and the breakfast area all refurbished - I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was large, clean and well equiped and the breakfast was varied and tasty. My only two dissapointments were the standard of reception staff - very uncheerful when we arrived coupled with a late check-in so our room wasn't ready (we arrive at 12:30pm!) and the Night Porter was very rude when he had to let us in at 1am (who doesn't stay out late in London?) - we were made to feel like naughty teenagers!However, overall this hotel is much improved and excellent value for money - espcially considering the great location off Regent's Street. I would recommend this place to anyone on a budget who wants simple and straightforward accommodation, just don't be put off by the surly staff.	
Mar 30 2008 	Astor Court Central Location	Astor Court was a very central hotel close to regent street and oxford street.room was basic but very good, a continental breakfast was included and the staff were friendly.Bed was comfortable and got a good sleepwould recommend this hotel to anyone	
Mar 28 2008 	Best bargain in London	We booked a quad family room and were delighted when we arrived to a spacious 2 bedroomed room. It was spotlessly clean, beds were comfortable, ample supply of towels and sufficient cupboard and wardrobe space. Continental breakfast, included in price (£99 prpn), was enough to get us through til lunchtime. Staff both at reception and in dining room were very pleasant and assisted with all enquiries. We chose this hotel because of central location and price and we were not disappointed. Of course decor and furniture could be updated but It was a lovely surprise for a budget hotel and if we return to London we would definitely go back to Astor Court Hotel.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good value Great location much better than the crappy hotels around Russel Sq	Choosing small London hotels with great locations can be dicey. Had a number of upsets around the Russel Square hotels with terrible &quot;value&quot; hotels. Astor Court is small, very freindly service, great location 5-10min walk from Oxford Circus. Rooms are fairly new. Only complaint is that there was no hot water for a morning shower. I will return to this hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great location	First impressions after a 26 hour flight wasnt the best, but the reception guy was very helpful and was able to get us a room when we arrived. Check in is usually at 2pm and we arrived at the hotel at around 7am, so they were very gracious at being able to check us in straight away without charging an extra night's rate. Kind enough to also offer us breakfast when we arrived.All in all an old but charming hotel (a little overheated but cant be too picky). Found that hot water wasnt always on in the early hours of the morning, but a good enough excuse to sleep in. The hotel itself is in a very good location (quiet and central, close to shopping and all transport). Breakfast was rather blah, but that's to be expected with most of the hotels anyway! I wouldnt bat an eyelash if I had to stay there again.	
Feb 17 2008 	Good budget hotel	We stayed for 2 nights in early February. The hotel is small and quaint but in a great location for exploring central London. The large construction site nearby did not give us any problems and overnight there was virtually no noise from the nearby main road. The rooms are clean and spacious but there isn’t much wardrobe space- 6 hangers on a rail and no drawers. Breakfast is your average continental spread, which was enough for us. Ideal hotel for mini break on a budget.	
Jan 31 2008 	Central but dated.	I needed a centrally located hotel for one night as I had an appointment nearby the following morning so going on the fairly favourable reviews for the Astor Court on Tripadvisor, I booked it. The location is excellent just 5 minutes from oxford Circus and as a previous review stated, there is a big construction site right across the street. I was in a room facing this street yet I had no problem with noise. The receptionist was efficient and friendly and gave me a room even thought I was a little early arriving for check-in. I was allocated room # 31 which was spacious and clean but badly laid out. It was probably a little overfurnished and the very comfortable bed was through and arch into an area which was really too small to accommodate it. The decor was oldfashioned with lots of plasterwork and coving. Like many older buildings the various electrical modifications added over the years detracted from it. The window seemed to be missing the net curtain which might preserve the modesty of the guest from the occupants of the buildings across the street. An expanding cord from which it once hung dangled bare. The bathroom decor was of the same vintage with a mish-mash of electrical conduits and exposed water pipes and a curtainless window. The fittings were ancient - a cistern with a chain (very early last century) - and a mis-matched collection of tiling completed the outdated effect. This is a very well located hotel and is a good resting place for one night but I do not imagine that I would fancy it for a longer stay. On a positive note, the shower was powerful and there was ample towelling. With a bit of investment and imagination this could be a great hotel. The unsupervised luggage storage and the friendly welcome are an advantage. The €87 rate rescued it somewhat but I would in future probably spend a little extra for more modern lodgings.	
Dec 2 2007 	Leader of the Band	I lead a group to theatre and overnight stay. I booked 4 rooms at Astor Court because of its reasonable rates and location convenient for walking to Oxford Circus / Palladium Theatre.All in my party agreed that the rooms were spotlessly clean and surprisingly spacious for a budget hotel.This was my first visit but certainly not my last. Well done Astor	
Nov 19 2007 	Clean nice and good location	We stayed here for 2 nights 13th-15th of June this year. I was very pleased with the location and the cleanliness of the hotel. Large room, ok breakfast and nice staff. The only thing that was annoying was the construction site on the other side of the road, a lot of noise. But I absolutely recommend this hotel, as a matter of fact I'm staying there this December also, can't wait :-)	
Nov 1 2007 	Clean hotel Lacks facilities for longer stays	Booked through Superbreaks - £110 BB, well continental breakfast. Hotel is excellently located just round the corner from the BBC Studios and minutes walk from oxford street.Bedroom and bathroom very clean although decor a bit dated, thin walls but fine for a one night stay - lack of business facilities.	
Oct 29 2007 	Top class location	Really nice hotel in the central London. 5 minutes walk to Oxford Street. The rooms were clean. We had a little problem with the toilet. We could not flush to often :-)The breakfast was okay. There was a great selection. The staff was friendly.Can only recommend this hotel!	
Oct 26 2007 	SUPERB VALUE	We stayed at the astor court for one night for a &quot; mums and kids &quot; trip. We had booked a triple room but were given an apartment with two bedrooms. Superb! A break from the kids for mum and they didn't have to listen to my snoring!! The hotel was clean, the staff friendly, they even opened a second dining room for us. Great location, will definitely stay again.	
Oct 4 2007 	Not what I Paid For!!!	There were problems with our flight and I phoned the hotel to advise them that we would be arriving late. The Receptionist confirmed the booking (2 single en-suite rooms) and told us it would be fine to check-in late. When we arrived at the hotel (at 1am) we were advised by the Receptionist that our rooms were gone and that the only thing they had left was an apartment with two rooms but had a shared bathroom. This is not what we had paid for, and as we were work colleagues the situation was not ideal (luckily for us, our respective spouses did not have a problem with this arrangement). However at that time of night there was not much we could do but we were not offered any compensation for this inconvenience, either that night or the next day. I am very annoyed as I had called a number of hours earlier to ensure everything was ok and to turn up at that time of night after a stressful flight to be told or booking had been changed without our permission and with no compensation offered, was completey unacceptable.	
Aug 19 2007 	Better than expected!!	Having read some of the reviews for this hotel I wasnt expecting much but was pleaseantly surprised. My group had two double rooms which were clean and of average size. Toilet and shower are inseperate areas in the room which was weird but both were clean. Building is old so rooms a little dated but nothing too bad.The receptionist was very friendly on our arrival and other staff we met were friendly too. Was dreading breakfast due to some of the reviews but again was pretty pleased. Room IS too small but breakfast was plentifuland staff were constantly bringing in fresh supplies of croissants or rolls when they were running low.My main negative was the noise, traffic outside( we were on first floor) and then noise of people walking in room above us very creaky floorboards however when i put my earplugs in I fell asleep quickly.All in all for the price(you get what you pay for) and the location I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 9 2007 	Decent well located	We stated at Astor Court for four nights in June. We had requested a high floor and ended up on the fourth floor at the back of the hotel so that the street noise was not too noticible. There was daytime nioise from a nearby construction site, but that's London these days. We could feel the tube trains faintly, but it did not bother us. Our room was small, but had a separate lounge with the TV and much-appreciated blackout curtains, as the London sunrise is very early in June.The bathroom was old-fashioned, but clean and had a full bathtub. The cleaning staff was very nice and efficient. Breakfast was crowded with lots of families and kids jostling for cereal and seats. It is continental as stated. We were glad for a break from heavy &quot;full English&quot; breakfasts. We loved the location. It is close to Oxford Circus with plenty of restaurants, the British Museum, and even a launderette within walking distance. All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would return.	
Jun 19 2007 	Noisy Stuffy Dirty Noisy Unfriendly and Noisy.	The reason we chose this hotel was its location - it's a short walk from Oxford Circus and the West End, which made it ideal.Unfortunately, we found the staff were unfriendly and unsympathetic; the room was dirty; the noise from the building site across the road was all-pervading (even with the windows shut); shutting the windows made the room feel unbearably humid and stuffy; and the bolt on the lavatory door had a tendency to fall apart - I was trapped inside what appeared to be the world's most cramped toilet cubicle for a good five minutes before I could unlock it.The breakfast was rubbish, too - where were the bacon, eggs, sausages, and so on?This hotel was a blight on an otherwise fun trip to the capital. I had more sleep the time I spent the night at Paddington Station. I strongly recommend staying elsewhere.	
Jun 2 2007 	Roomy but Worn	My family of 5 stayed at the Astor Court for 3 nights in March. It was the only hotel that would accommodate 5, but there is not much else positive to say about it. (We stayed in one of the two bedroom flats.)The room was old, bathrooms small with marginal water pressure. Breakfast was cereal and pastries. Creaky. The front desk staff was not very helpful.The only positive was location - good walking distance to the tube and an interesting neighborhood. However, next time in London we will stay somewhere else. For what we paid, or maybe a little more, we could have gotten two rooms in a much nicer hotel.	
May 15 2007 	Perfect Location	Had a weekend break recently and found the location of this Hotel superb. It is situated just a stones throw from Oxford Circus.On arrival the receptionist was very friendly and efficient and let us leave our luggage in the store room as we had arrived quite early.We had a double room on the fifth floor and it was more than adequate for our needs. This IS budget accomodation and as such is good value. Although the rooms may be a little dated, it just adds character to the hotel.Breakfast can be a little chaotic simply because of the size of the dining room but the staff ensured that food available was plentiful.Would strongly reccomend this hotel for its location and value	
May 13 2007 	Well located but dirty and with a very bad service	I booked this hotel after reading a good review in tripadvisor but when I arrived the situation was completelly different. All the employees treats you as if you were invisible, so you have to take care of your self by your own. My room room was really dirty and, personally, it's the place where you are afraid to let your stuffs in the room. It's suposse I would stay 7 nights and after my first night I departed to another hotel.	
Mar 13 2007 	Perfect for a weekend away	Me and a friend stayed in the Astor Court Hotel for two nights in a recent weekend away in London.We booked online through a booking agency at around £66 per night for a twin room bed and breakfast. We weren't sure what to expect as London hotels are typically rubbish! But we were very impressed and it was a perfect base for our stay.The hotel is really easy to find and 10 mins walk from Topshop (perfect!).The breakfast was standard continental but fine for us! You could have as much as you wanted and the staff were really attentive and cleaning the tables, stocking up food etc. On the Sunday we had to wait about 20mins for a table but that was because everyone seemed to come down to breakfast at once!I would reccomend this hotel for short breaks and just as a base only, for this it is PERFECT!! The rooms are standard but clean and really have everything that you need. We didn't have much interaction with the staff but everything was running smoothly so we didn't need to!!	
Feb 26 2007 	Decent Hotel!	Location was the important aspect of this hotel for me and it was pretty good. No more than a 10 minute walk to Oxford Street and Great Portland Street tube station is 5 minutes away. We found the hotel hard to find on our first day but it was only because we weren't used to the area..it was easy to find every other time.Rooms were fine. Furniture may have been a little outdated but that wasn't important to us. Beds were comfortable and the room was clean, thats all we needed!Breakfast was complimentary and very enjoyable-fruit juices, tea/coffee, toast, croissants, cereals, yoghurt etc..Would probably stay here again!	
Feb 25 2007 	Noisy	Great location, being only 5 minutes from Oxford Street - shame about the noise from outside as in the middle of a building site, was directly above the underground so every couple of minutes a tube went underneath and very busy road with traffic outside until early morning+ neighbours in the next room coming in at 2AM banging, shouting, laughing , singing etc. Wouldn't even open their door to talk and listen to our complaints. Staff in the morning not too helpful as the answer when I complained was &quot;They are bad men, staying 4 in a room&quot;..so the hotel allowed 4 single guys to stay in one room.Strangest thing was the ultra violet light shining outside the entrance throughout the night which shone through the gaps in the curtain making the room look like an extra in an ET movie.Breakfast was ok but not enough room, we had to quickly grab a table that had just been vacated while oyhers were told to go away and come back when less busy as no tables were available.Room was large but the bed was very hard and pillows like 2 blocks of concrete.Guess I could say I would never, ever stay there again.	
Feb 12 2007 	good location	I have just spent a weekend at the Astor Court and it was a really enjoyable stay. I have read the reviews before going there and I can confirm that the rooms are a bit old-fashined. My room was quite large, and toilet and bathrooms were seperate. I was staying at the 4th floor and I could not hear any noise from trains or the tube, as it was mentionned in other reviews. The TV-set was not working properly, there was only sound but no picture. When I informed reception, they did not seem to be very surprised about that.Breakfast was good, with croissants, pain au chocolat and other bakery and cereals. But no ham or eggs. The most negative impression was from the plastic tablecloth which gave the whole breakfast room a very cheap and uncomfortable look. But in general it is a good hotel in a nice surrounding with several restaurants and pubs nearby.	
Jan 5 2007 	Wonderful service centrally located	If you're looking for a cheap and very cheerful place to stay in central London, I can definitely recommend the Astor Court. We arrived quite early (before 1) but the hotel was happy to check us in anyway and allowed us to leave our luggage in the storage room so we could be out and about. (They also offered to let us wait while they got the room ready but the shops were waiting!)The rooms are fairly small, a little shabby, with old-style doors (with doorbells!) on the rooms - but everything was very clean and tidy, and rooms included tea &amp; coffee making facilities, built-in hair-dryer, trouser press, etc.The best thing about the place, however, was the service. Maybe all the staff had just got a raise or something because everybody was smiling, very helpful and pleasant about any request. I stay in central London with work quite a lot, and found the service and general attitude here to be far above the usual you get at hotels 3 and 4 times the price of this one!Breakfast was a simple, continental affair but very filling - cereal, yogurt, toast, juice, fresh brewed coffee (no instant stuff!), buns, pastries, the works.	
Sep 16 2006	Homely	I stayed at this hotel for two nights in London as I was on a weekend course at Westminster University.When we arrived I was a bit apprehensive as it looked old fashioned. It took ages to pay as the hotel payment system was not working and would not accept my card. They said it was their fault and after 20 minutes asked me for another card. There was a language problem which was a pain too. I did not have another card and stood there and eventually my card worked. I was concerned as I thought we might be thrown on to the street. They were meant to take payment as we left!!Anyway we had a ground floor room which had a separate lounge and although dated, I liked it. The bathroom was big but grotty although it was clean. The breakfast was average, I would stay there again but I heard they did it up and it might not be the same.	
Sep 2 2006 	Ideal Base but avoid the breakfast	We stayed at the Astor Court Hotel for 2 nights in August and found the 2 bedroom appartment we booked very spacious and ideal for families with children. The rooms were tastefully decorated, very spacious and included all the facilities necessary including a kitchen, again very useful if travelling with children. Overall, we felt the appartment was extremely good value for money. My only gripe was the breakfast which was very poor ( and obligatory inlcuded in the price) but given the price of the appartment this still made a good value for money accomodation and there is a good cafe just around the corner. Would definately recommend as a good tourist base.	
Jul 8 2006	Nice hotel in good location if you don't mind the noise of the trains	Don’t stay here unless you bring your earplugs! While the hotel is pleasant enough, I found the noise and rumble of the underground trains passing beneath the hotel to be very disruptive to sleeping, even on the 3rd floor. My first room was on the 2nd floor but the drain from the basin in the bathroom was barely working and I couldn’t get any hot water so I was moved to another room the next day. Both rooms were quite spacious with nice period details in the décor but with an odd layout - a bit more like suite than a room. The sitting area had plenty of space with a desk, chair, large armchair and occasional table. But the space around the bed(s) was very cramped due to the small hallway leading in from the corridor. The bathroom had a good sized bath and overhead shower. The toilet was situated in its own room off another tiny hall but the hotel needs to move the paper holder off the door where it can easily catch you when walking out - I had the bruises to prove it. The continental breakfast was good with all the basics provided. The location was only 10 minutes walk from Oxford Street and there was a little convenience shop a couple of blocks away. There are also some pubs nearby. I found some of the staff to be helpful but the receptionist the night I arrived was not welcoming and very off-hand when she pointed out that the lift wasn’t working. As a woman traveling alone, I’d particularly chosen hotels with a lift and having just arrived from a long haul flight I was tired and not happy at the prospect of hauling my bags up three flights. Fortunately a fellow guest came to my aid because the hotel was clearly not going to offer any assistance. My check out wasn’t much better. As I had to leave at 6.30am I’d asked Reception to book me a taxi to Victoria. Instead of a black cab, I was provided with a mini-cab and a driver who didn’t know the address and had trouble finding it – all for quite a high set charge. While the rooms are pleasant and the location good, the rumble from the trains would stop me from staying at the Ascot Court Hotel again.	
May 4 2006	average hotel with a decent price	we stayed at astor court for four days with 2 friends. the room was adequate for 3 persons. clean. and the bathroom also was spacious. tha location of the hotel is very good. only 5 min from oxford circus.the only problem we had is of economic nature. although we decided to pay in front the whole amount when we arrived, as requested by the hotel, on the day we checked out they told us that they had made a mistake and haven't charged us the tax . when we told them we had money only for the train to the airport and that was not our fault, we were told (very impolitely) that the card i had given to make the reservation would be charged. and we didn't even hear a &quot;sorry&quot;.of course that event doesn't characterize the hotel. only that the personnel wasn't very polite.other than that the hotel was what we had in mind for a 3-day trip to london.only the breakfast was not satisfying so we decided to eat out every morning although we have paid for it.	
Apr 25 2006	Great Value Hotel	We stayed at the Astor Court for the weekend and would definitely recommend it to our friends and families. The location is brilliant and is only a few minutes walk from the tube. The hotel and room was spotless and the breakfast was fine for what we needed. The area around the hotel was safe and the staff were all very helpful and friendly. Could not fault it in any way.	
Feb 10 2006	Location location location!	This hotel is all about location and price so don't go there expecting 5-star treatment!!! Probably not a great place for a romantic weekend, but fine for singles or groups of friends. I'd certainly stay there again.Good things about the Astor Court:1. Only 10 minutes walk from Oxford Circus on a quiet side street2. Not very expensive considering its central location3. Very clean, decent-sized roomBad things about the Astor Court:1. Rooms badly need redecoration2. Terrible shower - basically an old fashioned bath-tap attachment - not very user-friendly and the bathroom floor ended up soaked every morning!3. Very limited breakfast - in a very drab, dreary basement room4. Not very secure luggage store room - it's near the front door and is never locked	
Feb 7 2006	Cheap Basic - suited us perfectly	Myself and three mates needed somewhere cheap to stay for one night in central London. The other reports on here seem to be fairly accurate. It is basic, nothing fancy but that was ok with us - it cost just £25 each for a room with 4 single beds. Decor not great but bathroom very clean. TV worked ok. Beds very narrow. Some noise from party goers above our room who had returned from a night out at about 2am but that's not the hotel's fault. Breakfast room small and couldn't all get seated together but cereal, toast, croissants were adequate. Most of the people staying here seemed to be under 30 years old. Great location - just 10 mins walk from Oxford Circus towards Regent Park.If you're expecting comfort, relaxation in plush surroundings this isn't the place for you. If on the other hand a cheap room is the most important thing to you, then it's definitely worth a look.	
Dec 21 2005	Very Nice	My husband, daughter and I spent 4 nights in a triple room. I found the beds to be comfortable and had very warm comforters on them. The only problem, was with the extra bed, it was very tippy. We put the waste basket under the end of the bed to keep it stable. The room also had a desk, comfortable arm chair and coffee table.  The en suite bathroom was in 2 rooms. The toilet in one room. The very large tub with shower and the sink were in another room. There was also a closet with hangers.  The room had been recently redecorated, new carpeting and beautifully painted. There is an elevator. The room was very quiet (we couldn't hear our neighbors). It's located on a side street so no street noise. Continental breakfast was included. It was adequate, nothing exciting.	
Nov 15 2005	pleasantly surprised!	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this fine hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor....a friend and I stayed a couple of weeks ago and it was great, especially for the price! The location could not be beat--it doesn't get more central than Oxford Circus for the price...and it IS in one of the safest neighbourhoods, right nearthe business district(pople claiming that the area is unsafe obviously haven't been into the dodgier parts of London!)..Picadilly Circus is a fifteen minute walk, and the shopping in the immediate area is fantastic...you could walk to most major attractions in 25 minutes or less...and you could certainly walk to your hotel alone after midnight without any concern.The hotel is just in the process of being renovated (floors 4 and 5 are complete; we stayed on the 4th floor) and the renos are very good(no mustiness whatsoever). The cleanliness of the hotel was fantastic ( I have stayed in much fancier hotels that have had less pride in their cleaning practices), and the staff absolutely lovely--they even made up our room ahead of schedule upon check in so we could take a much needed nap.  Breakfast was simple, but be realistic--IT&quot;S BREAKFAST. If you are looking for something more, pay for it.I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation.	
Nov 13 2005	My Regular Place in London		
Oct 14 2005	Good value in central London		
Oct 4 2005	Lovely hotel		
Aug 2 2005	You get what you pay for		
Jul 7 2005	Last Hotel Remodel = 1962		
Feb 25 2005	Was expecting it to be a lot worse!		
Feb 1 2005	clean but old		
Oct 23 2004	Absolutely disgusting. Stay away.		
Oct 13 2004	dangerous place.		
May 23 2004	Overbooked and lied to		
Sep 16 2009 	Descuidado pero céntrico		
Aug 22 2009 	je deconseille		
Feb 25 2009 	Emplacement idéal!		
Dec 9 2008 	da tenere in considerazione		
Nov 15 2008	Situación ideal.		
Aug 5 2008 	Bella posizione. Ottimo per famiglie		
Jul 25 2008 	no esta mal		
