Nov 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Great location. 10 minute walk from Kings X and much nearer to 3 underground stationsRoom was spotlessly clean but maybe a little smallBathroom was bigger than bedroom and fantasticBreakfast was faultless as previously describedWas easy to find - online map was perfectWe will definitely return	
Nov 14 2009 	First class service accommodation 	To all intents and purposes, this is a hotel even though it is classified as 'guest accommodation'. Don't let that put you off as it's a very comfortable and well run establishment. The rooms are simple, modern and clean, yet the little extras provided give a feeling of luxury which you don't get in most 4* hotel e.g. hand wash, hand cream, mints, bottled water on top of all the usual (shampoo, shower gel, tea/coffee making facilities etc). Breakfast also outclasses most 4* hotels too with the full range of cereals, fruit, pancakes, waffles, toast and a variety of hot cooked items. The staff are very attentive and look after your every need. Another brilliant aspect of the hotel is the location. It's very central due to its close proximity to Euston Station. You literally turn left out of the station and within 1 minute, you are at the hotel. It's easy to leave your bags there too thanks to the very secure luggage hold. All in all, we'll definitely return to this hotel for out next visit to London. Thank you MIC for a fab stay!	
Oct 14 2009 	location location location!	Stayed here for 1 night on a Sunday Supersaver Special (or some other random alliteration of s's). Clean, spacious rooms. Fantastic service and hearty breakfast. Definitely THE place to stay in London for tourists who just wanna see the city and do not require swimming pool/sauna/gym etc etc etc	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent value and convenient location	I've stayed in many hotels in London over the years, some cheap and chearful and some expensive and luxurious but the MIC Hotel has been the only hotel so far to really surprise me and for all the right reasons.Located on a side street just 100m or so from Euston Station and also Euston Square you can basically get to any point in the city without any stress. Also Kings Cross and St Pancras are just a short walk away.The staff are all very friendly at the hotel and were knowledgable about the area etc and gave info with confidence.The rooms are perhaps a little small but not on London standards (quite average) but they are very tastefully decorated and designed. They also provide FAIRTRADE tea, coffe and buscuits in the room (free). My room was cleaned daily to a good standard also.The breakfast at the hotel is a little canteenish but the selection / choice of food couldn't be faulted.London is an expensive city so if you are looking to keep your standards up but keep the costs down this is a good choice place to stay and I for sure will book again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel	Excellent facilities and location for Euston and good value for London - will be back	
Jul 26 2009 	excellent location	A hotel at an excellent location (between two tube stations, Euston and Euston Square) and within a network of buses. It is in a building which shares with a student accommodation, but the hotel rooms are clean and of good standard. Superb English buffet breakfast, great choice of selections (hot and cold). Staff generally friendly. Good value given the central location. Some issues with the reservation woman, she made a mistake with our booking (we booked a double room and got a single room instead) – but there was no genuine apologies. Luckily the receptionist was able to provide us with another single room free of charge.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent accommodation location and comfort for a reasonable price	I work down in London during the week and had been hunting round for somewhere that was a reasonable price but with a level of comfort and convenience. This place has got the lot to the extent that I've booked in for 3 months on the membership rate, which is where you really start to appreciate this hotel.The rooms are spacious and comfortable, with reliable air conditioning and good sized bathrooms. It's also quiet, which seems to be something of a rarity for central locations.The restaurant and bar area is an excellent feature, especially as a lone traveller, with the service being professional but relaxed.The breakfast in the morning is also very good, with the choice of full english or continental and the staff are very prompt in their service.Despite this being a business location for me, I would actually come to stay here for leisure trips as well.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great find lovely staff and a very convenient location!	We decided to extend our visit to London, but were amazed by the amounts being quoted for accommodation. I booked this hotel on the strength of the earlier reviews - and we were not disappointed. The offer of three nights for the price of two, made this hotel even more attractive! The hotel was very well located, with two tube stations within easy walking distance. I would recommend to others, and would not hesitate to book again if we revisited the capital.	
Apr 17 2009 	Convenient and very good value for money.	If arriving early in the day, bear in mind that check in starts at 2.00 pm.All staff were professional and helpful. The building, even though going through some refurbishment works at the time, was clean and well kept.The hotel is conveniently located near two subway stations, railway station and airport connection via King's Cross/Saint Pancras. If you don't mind walking, it takes 20 minutes from the hotel to the West End.The area is quiet and clean. The room was clean and spacious: the double bed was a super king and the en suite was very modern and clean. The room also had lots of storage space. It was functional without being too clinical.Breakfast was super: lots of variety and fresh produce to suit every need and taste.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Location Great Price What a Find	Went for a long weekend to London with my wife and two friends. Found this hotel online and booked it on the back of the reviews in Tripadviser. Good choice.Its about a tem minute walk from St Pancras International Station/Kings Cross and Euston is literally just over the road. The rooms are small but have everything you need (its only a base anyway) and the staff very pleasant.Breakfast was excellent and lots of it, three good pubs very close by and also some good indian eateries.Easy walk into the centre of London (about 30 minutes) or pick a cab up. Five minute walk to the city bus tour stop. In summary this was a top find and we will definately be using this hotel again the next time we have a weekend in London, especially if we get the three nights for two offer again!	
Nov 12 2008 	Modern and comfortable - very convenient for Euston	The MIC hotel is basically a floor of hotel rooms above an international student residence. But don't let that put you off. The rooms are very modern, clean and comfortable - with all the usual things you'd expect: TV, hairdryer, tea and coffee (fair trade!), etc. You get breakfast included - there was a wide choice of what to eat that included veggie cooked breakfast options. I thought a nice touch was a leaflet of prayers for peace (from all religions) that was in the room. But, although it's Methodist-run, that was the only evidence of anything religious in the hotel. The hotel is very close to Euston station. I'd definitely stay again.	
Oct 22 2008 	What a find!	This is a great place. I was staying here for the first time on business as a change from the souless places I usually frequent. It was recommended to me and what a find! Very clean and well presented small hotel. Room was pleasant, clean bathroom, good shower (always a must), modern decor, tea and coffee with yummy biscuits. Staff welcoming and helpful.They also also have a small bar and restaurant, which I didn't try but someone in the lift said it was good. Around and about are lots places to eat, 2 mins from euston sq tube and euston station, nice pub across the road called the bree louise. Overall very good value for money, good location for trains and tube, great to stay somewhere pleasant with a bit of character. I shall be staying here every time I'm in Lonon now.	
Jul 1 2008 	Excellent location great value for London!	After much research into value-priced lodging in London I ran across Methodist International Center mentioned in a Rick Steves travel guide. I checked the website and was impressed and figured that even if I paid the membership fee to get the discounted room rate I was still coming out ahead. Booking was efficient and friendly and the MIC staff was able to do it all via email, saving me an expensive phone call to London. When we arrived we were very happy with the rooms. They are small but well-appointed and the bathroom is a really nice size and efficient. For water saving they have dual flush toilets utilizing different amounts of water for different...uh...&quot;functions.&quot; Bathrooms included hand towel, floor towel and bath towel but no washcloth (seems to be common in England). They also included organic hand soap, lotion, shampoo and bath soap and the basic necessities like toilet paper and tissues. There was a hair dryer in the room but not in the bathroom. The shower was small but nice. We did find that the door had to be closed &quot;just so&quot; to keep water from getting all over the floor.The room had a nice-sized desk and chair and efficient storage with coffe/tea pot and teas and biscuits provided. Beds were comfortable but not plush and included a light wool blanket, bottom sheet and down comforter with duvet but no top sheet. This also seems common in England and is way too hot for me so I removed the duvet cover, tucked the down comforter away, and used the duvet cover as a top sheet for sleeping. A full English breakfast was served every morning buffet style which allowed you to choose your portion sizes and what you wanted. The food was very good and we were happy that the breakfast was included in the room price. The center does have a guest laundry room which we used. Unfortunately it has only 2 washing machines and 1 dryer meaning that you may have to wait a bit to share with the student residents. The machines are a bit confusing to use for us Americans only because selecting water temperature and wash settings is different than in the States. The staff had some directions posted but clearer directions would be a nice touch. The machines worked well and got our clothes clean, so no issues there.I will note a few things. 1) MIC is set up as a student center. The hotel rooms are supplementary so don't expect to get the same sort of service as you would at a Hilton or Marriott. However, we found the staff pleasant and helpful. 2) They advertise air-conditioned rooms but we found that definition to be different in England than what we would call &quot;air-conditioned&quot; in the States. There was a unit in our room but only the fan was functional. This meant that we had to open up the window and run the fan. With England's mild temperatures, this worked out just fine and we were able to achieve very pleasant and comfortable temperatures in our room however it is not air-conditioning in the &quot;freon-based&quot; sense here in the States.Last, location of this property was excellent. Only a 2 minute walk to Euston station which allowed us to easily get to any of the major tourist attractions in London with usually only 1 transfer. Euston is a nice station in that it is busy but it is on the Northern Line which seemed to us less busy than the Piccadilly or Victoria Lines. Nice way to get acclimated to the London Underground! The neighborhood was safe and clean and there was a pub just down the street that was always full of people. Street noise was minimal but I did find I used my earplugs a few nights.	
Jan 28 2008 	A really good find!	Perfect location, quiet , no chintz and contemporary furninshings. The bathroom was smart, everything was ultra clean and there was great attention to detail in the choice of fair trade and organic products in use in the room. I thought the price was really reasonable for Central London and also included a great breakfast , which all actually looked fresh and well prepared, which makes a change!! Although the room was a little small it was very comfortable and peaceful so I would say- great for a short stay and I would totally recommend this hotel.	
Sep 22 2007 	Great location great room reasonable price!	I checked numerous reviews of hotels and web sites to find a 'cheap' deal with a decent hotel for a birthday theatre trip for my girlfriend. With the Kings Cross Travel Inn fully booked, I debated various others around Bloomsbury, before stumbling upon the MIC Hotel in Euston!Its location is great, just 2 minutes walk from Euston station. We found the receptionist to be most helpful and although our room wasnt ready (only 11.45) we were able to leave our bags at the hotel for our return later to check in. The room was far better than I could have expected and the room photos on the official website do not make them look any better than they actually are. The previous reviewer was unhappy about the size which I find quite amazing considering this is a London hotel! I did see a floor plan of the hotel 3rd floor (where all the hotel rooms are) and some did seem very slightly smaller than ours but not significantly.The room itself was modern, very clean and comfortable and we quite simply, loved it! The en-suite was very small, barely room for 2 people to stand in there, but its contemporary fixtures and fittings more than made up for this.Many London hotels charge extra for breakfast (some up to £18!!!) but here it was included and was equally as good as a large 4* hotel. Huge choice and never before have I been to a hotel where they serve pancakes and waffles! The only negative point was the somewhat 'canteen' feel. You are basically sharing the room with resident students and this did make it feel a bit odd, but for us this wasnt a problem.Overall, I'd say this 'hotel' is spot on. If you want to experience a typical large 4* hotel, then this probably isnt it. However, if you want a modern, comfortable and fairly quiet stay without the fancy looking reception, 24hr rooms service and long corridors of most large hotels, then give this one some thought. At £120 it certainly wasnt cheap, but for a Monday night, I am more than happy with what we paid for. (By the way, weekends are cheaper!)	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Location Shame about the rooms	We have just returned from a short stay at the MIC Hotel and found the hotel has: - Pleasant and helpful staff - A good location - 2 mins walk from Euston station and fair walk / short and cheap taxi ride to the nightlife- Very hearty breakfast - fruit, cereals, hot buffet, eggs of the day (cooked in front of you), pancakes and filter coffee on requestThe negatove is that we were dissapointed with the rooms - sold as 'luxury double with plasma/lcd tv'. Whilst the room was very modern in terms of decor, the rooms were incredibly small and had very little natural light . Despite the size of the room it still took us about 5 mins to find the plasma/lcd tv - its a small 15/17inch which isnt even visible from one half of the bed. Thank god we werent there for a third night due to the close quarters, but none-the-less a good solid hotel which offers fair value for money. There are cheaper hotels out there that offer as good location, bigger rooms - but dont have the glitz of this one, so as always 'each to his/her own'.	
Aug 11 2007	Excellent base for business traveller	I have stayed here a number of times over the last 12 months as it was recommended by my company. I expected a low budget experience to match the price but was very pleased. Good rooms (if a bit small) but with flat screen TV and all mod cons! Only draw back I could see was if you eat in the restaurant at night it is a cafe experience rather than restaurant. But breakfast was OK.And - one room I stayed in had a strange shower arrangement where when you turned the shower on it nearly drowned me and flooded the room as it was aimed directly at the shower door and not at a shower wall!!	
Jul 7 2007 	Great hotel great location	We stayed at the MIC for five nights in late June -- two adults and two teenagers in two rooms. The location is excellent. It's two blocks from Euston Station, which provides acess to both east-west and north-south tube lines. The rooms are more modern and larger than they look on the MCI website. Breakfast was excellent. The staff was very helpful, especially the young woman at reception who was helpful with info via e-mail when were looking for a place to stay and very hospitable while we were there. There's a coin operated laundry in the basement. The bar outside the cafeteria was very pleasant for a cup of espresso or glass of wine. There are good Indian restaurants a block away and we could send the teenagers to the food court in Euston Station.I'd recommend MIC to a friend going to London.	
Apr 20 2007 	Superb in the heart of London	I have stayed here many times when in London on business. It is clean, modern and in the heart of London. Lots of nice eating places nearby, particularly if you like curries. Rooms are quiet, shower is powerful and there are lifts for those with mobility access issues.	
Mar 24 2007 	value for money	I was on a two day training session being held at the MIC and was surprised to find it in a great situation and with superb bedrooms for a reasonable price.I would certainly go again and recommend it to others.The only possible downside is that as the venue is set up for both student accommodation and hotel lettings it is difficult to successfully mix both. The staff were generally attentive but need to remember that business client needs may be different to student needs and therefore the customer service should reflect this.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great Value !!	Just wanted to relay how good this place is in terms of lovely room for the money.I paid £75 per night for a double room and I was alone. I think the price was £85 for two.The room was really modern and clean. There were tea/coffee making facilities and &quot;fairtrade&quot; ginger biscuits !!The bathroom was great too.There was a flatscreen tv in the bedroom which added to the general modern &quot;feel&quot; of the room. There was also complimentary water.Breakfast was very acceptable in a sort of canteen atmosphere.Again, nice and clean.All in all excellent value for money.	
Jul 15 2006	Fantasic little hotel	The Methodist International Centre used to be student-based accommodation, (infact, a couple of floors still are), but the top floors have been renovated, and are now very swish, stylish boutique style rooms.All facilities are modern and designer, nice bathrooms with showers, flatscreen TV, designer furnature, coverings and artwork.Staff are very polite and friendly, the bar staff seemed quite new when I was there. The restaurant is great, although a little pricey. Breakfast is buffet style with loads of choice and a friendly chef. Free tea and coffee for me on arrival!Check out the rate on their website, not bad for central london, and literally 30 seconds walk from Euston. MIC isn't overtly religious either, just a normal hotel.I loved it, really nicely done.	
Mar 7 2006 	Nice Hotel .. but staff training needed!	MIC is very close to Euston Station and so I thought would be a good choice for me as I needed to catch a train very early the next morning. I found the hotel easily with a map the hotel booking agent had sent me. However, on my arrival I was greeted by a very rude girl at reception who was incredibly stroppy for her age and very unhelpful. However, once I had managed to pass her inquisition, the room I had booked seemed very nice with all the facilities you would expect from a much more expensive hotel. Sadly, my nights sleep was disturbed by constant noise from outside the hotel but overall it was fine.On leaving I then faced the receptionist again, but unfortunately it appeared that I was not the only one who had had a bad nights sleep! So, overall, I felt it was a nice hotel, and it was a shame about my poor customer experience with the reception staff. I personally won't be going back to MIC just because of this experience. I know there are plenty of other hotels to choose from in London where I might be greeted with some courtesy next time.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent		
Nov 8 2009 	Emplacement de choix et chambre cosy ! A tester absolument !		
Jan 4 2009 	Buena ubicación y buen hotel		
