May 17 2008 	Refurbished? - you wouldn't think so at all!	The threadbare carpets on entry are the first indication that all is not well!I changed rooms because of a non-functioning light which I made several trips up and down the stairs to try and unsuccessfully rectify, but worse was to come.Unfortunately I didn't find out the bed base in the second room was knackered at the head end before I wanted to go to sleep so I had to put the pillow at the other end. It was lumpy, obviously beyond its useful life and I wouldn't even be able to give it away; it was an ex-bed.The hotel is frequented by night shift workers, and those in the next room liked the TV on loud and weren't shy in sharing their conversation with me either. About 1.30 am. they went out slamming the door too but peace and quiet were restored.Breakfast is an exercise as to how little they can get away with letting you have. Fruit juice OR porridge OR cereals etc. Followed by bacon egg &amp; tomato OR sausage beans and egg etc. (you can only choose three items) so a full house doesn't exist. The coffee was undrinkable sludge.On departure I took up the state of lousy bed with the owner who had the gall to deny she knew anything about it as she didn't sleep in any of the rooms (I would never have guessed). Considering the state of the other room it makes me wonder if they are all so tired. A &quot;hands-on&quot; proprietor? I don't think so!It cost me £54 for b &amp; b which was about as poor a value as I've experienced. I stayed at a Best Western in Brighton a couple of months previously for 2 nights for £58 in total including a huge breakfast.Fire regulations are breached as all fire doors on the first floor were propped open with door stops the whole time I was there (mercifully not too long).The Advertising Standards Authority might like to look at their website that states it's fully refurbished. When exactly? Circa 1990? The Trades Description Act might also come into play too!It's a shabby hotel and best avoided.	
Oct 4 2007 	Inpsired me to join tripadvisor - for the wrong reasons...	The hotel was chosen for my partner and I as part of a wedding party, so not having booked the hotel myself, I checked out the reviews and became very worried. Having been given a very warm and down-to-earth welcome on arrival at the hotel our sprits rose... until we reached the room. I don't have an issue with a bit of old fashioned 'fawlty towers' style charm, but the bed that I nearly tripped over as I entered the tiny attic room (access to the bed from one side only), the toilet 'room' so small that the door needed to be opened in order to 'sit down', the shower that appeared to have slowly leaked into the bedroom over a period of years causing much peeling of paint, the wafer thin walls that leaked every noise, the layer of dust on every skirting board and carpet edge, and the general impression that we were staying in a spare room of a student digs, all left a feelng that, even at a budget price, we were not getting value-for-money.The breakfast fared little better. Whilst I was given a 'full English' on request, the breakfast menu only offered seven combinations of only three cooked items, presumably to try and cut costs. Serviettes were not supplied on the tables.On a positive note, our friends stayed in a non-attic room which was definitely acceptable at the price and appeared to have been more recently decorated.I really wanted to give this hotel at least two stars as I felt the staff were at least trying to make an effort, but it is impossible to excuse its faults at any price and I cannot recommend the hotel.	
Jun 14 2007 	very basic	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night only which was quite enough. Room clean but dated, bathroom tiny, barely room to move. kettle had to be replaced on arrival as not working, and hair dryer didn't work. Fan ran all night in bathroom even with main switch off, but didn't manage to remove the awful drain smells. Main light in the bedroom flickered all night, again the mains switch was off! ceiling in the dining room stained and coming adrift in places.Problems reported at time and to agent hotel booked through, they have tried unsuccessfully to contact the manager of this place.	
Nov 12 2006	East London Rough	Room very small and unheated.( November 2005.)Shower dangerously hot and dirty. WC so small you could lean your head on one wall and knock toilet paper off holder with your shoulder. Website claim that there was refurbishment of rooms a lie as above fittings and basin ancient and cracked. Trading Standards office agreed with us.Made to pay in advance.	
Jul 31 2006 	Oh My God Its Awful!!!	Me and my partner stayed here for one night in January 2005. Basil Fawltys hotel had more class in Fawlty Towers. We were charged around £65 per night per room. There was a four poster bed in the room, which im sure was made on blue peter. Even though you had to walk sideways around the bed to move around the room. Every time you flushed the loo, it sounded like the hotel was going to fall apart. The food. well.... we had to wait 70 mins for 2 pasta dishes which were vile!!!!! The beers at the bar were warm. You could hear every single noise in the hotel. Also the heating was up full, to the extent on a sauna, and the windows hardly opened...No...we would not go back...	
