	Great for the Money.	For what we paid to stay here for 6 of us we were happy. The staff were fine and friendly. Would stay again no problem at all. Our rooms were basic but clean and comfy - more towels available you just have to ask.Its a Travel Lodge not the Ritz people should know that before they book it !Short walk to Wetherspoons for full english £2.99 and it was fab !	
	A good base to put your head down	After booking this hotel and then reading reviewson this site, I was apprehensive to say the least about arriving here. First impressions weren't great, the road if you came in from the left was under a bridge and looked very seedy, however from the right was like any usual street. Wouldnt come under the bridge way at night. The windows were dirty and reception wasn't very attractive, however staff were very helpful and checked us in quickly. We had booked 3 rooms and were pleased with the condition and cleaniness of all 3 of them. Tea/coffee making facilities and a Flat screen TV. Clean white linen on the beds. The corridor did smell musty but the rooms didnt. We used the hotel to sleep in and nothing more than a place to dump our bags so ideal for us. Nearest tube 5 minutes walk awayWeatherspons for breakfast at the end of the road £2.99 for a full englishThis hotel is extremely basic but then thats what we expected, it was clean and staff were friendly. An ideal base for getting your head down at night.	
Oct 20 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	Just spent four nights here at a total cost of £127 for 2 people including a cooked all you can eat breakfast.It is a little off the beaten track and is best used as a base rather than a holiday destination in itself. It is in Zone One of the Underground system and served by a tube station 5 to 8 mins walk away at Aldgate East. Our room (room 108) on the first floor, whilst basic, was bright,modern and warm. However, the shower had a tendency to occasionally runs out of hot water and one of the reading lamps was broken - reported on day 1 but not fixed. The windows face the street below and open about six inches (for security). The twin beds are large and comfortable. Best choice of rooms are sited at the front of the hotel away from the noise of Fenchurch Street rail station at the rear. The bar area doubles as the breakfast room and is not that comfortable; however prices, by London standards are reasonable.There is a Wetherspoon's chain pub - The Goodmans Field - about a 8 minute walk away on Mansell Street which we used twice and found the food satisfactory.All in all a sound base for a business user or, like us, for a few days to take in a couple of shows. And finally, taxi fare from King's Cross - about £12. Don't use anything other than Black London Taxis (except the Tube) or believe me, you are likely to be asked for considerably more. We asked the Reception to get us a taxi. An unmarked vehicle arrived, took us on a mystery tour to King's Cross and asked for £22 !!! I gave him £10 and threatened to report him. He soon cleared off. That aside our London break was thoroughly enjoyable.	
Oct 2 2009 	Good value hotel ideal for groups of lads	stayed here for two nights with a group of friends. there was one couple in the group and they hated this hotel mostly because they were afraid to walk to hotel at night from tube. the rest of us found the hotel ok. its in decent location about five minutes walk from tube. its clean, rooms are ok staff seemed friendly and its cheap. all in all i had no complaints about this hotel	
Sep 10 2009 	Not for Business stays..	The room was very clean, but it didn't make up for all the problems.In the room:No PhoneNo ClockNo hair dryerNo washcloth! Only 1 hand towel and 1 bath towel. 1 small bar of soap.No free internet. There was an option, 5 GBP per hour, 10 /day or 20 /week. Not cheap!Poor sound insulation. I was on the ground floor and could hear every toilet flush from all the rooms around mine. I had to sleep with the Bathroom door closed. People in the hall.. I could hardly tell if a knock at the door was my room or another.Main entrance is on an alley, in not very nice neighborhood. It's a bit disconcerning to head out or return in the evening on foot.	
Sep 5 2009 	friendly staff.	This hotel very clean had lovely helpful staff. Ten minutes walk from the tube ,did not know which way to walk coming out from the tube . The only down side about the hotel was it was down a side street which is very dark walking down a night hotel layed out breakfast for us at 05.45 . Good size rooms no room with a view one side trains other building walls .	
Sep 2 2009 	a great located MOTEL	stayed 2 night at 26pounds sterling per night, booked on line 2 months ahead; at that price the best motel in London! had room 4 on ground floor - restricted view but quiet. this is a MOTEL [but no parking] and I've reviewed it as such. not much contact with staff but what I had was speedy and friendly.	
Aug 25 2009 	Unhelpful unfair unsatisfactory....unlikely to use Travelodge again	If you think you have a room reserved here, beware. Overbooking is common practice - expect to be shipped on to another hotel upon arrival. Staff are incredibly unhelpful.The refund you're promised as part of their Terms and Conditions? Well you'll do well to get that out of them without going through a small claims court.Customer services responses must be mailed, for an answer within 10 working days - i've now waited 18 working days, have sent subsequent mails, and made 7 call back requests......And still i wait! What a joke of a company!	
Aug 18 2009 	Avoid	'Why oh why did'nt I just review the hotel on this website like I normally do.........oh well age and overconfidance I suppose. The previous reviewer has said it all really however I would like to add some comments. Beware of room 303 as the air con is not working and when I approached two seperate members of staf they gave me scripted answers such as ''travel lodge do not gaurentee air con in the room even though they have them but do provide fans'' too close to be anything other than to be scripted. Tired dirty bathrooms and not enough towels this hotel really is the ryan air of the hotel world, with that in mind I had every intention to speak my mind to reception when I was asked the obligatory question ''did you enjoy your stay'' but quite frankly took pity on the girl in reception as she was the same age as my daughter hence the rant here!! sorry. In short like the previous reviewer has stated there (must be) better hotels in London.	
Jul 14 2009 	Don't stay here	I have stayed in many hotels in London, and so far this is the worst one.With Travel Lodge you tend to expect a bog-standard level of service and quality. However this hotel falls far below my expectations of Travel Lodge, which usually meet or even exceed my expectations.Location: Firstly, this hotel is not situated in close proximity to Aldgate East Tube Station.We arrived at the tube station expected the hotel to be visible, and walking down a few streets we realised we were rather lost! So we went into the Aldgate East Ibis Hotel to ask for directions, whom may I say where very friendly and happy to help. However it was then a further 15 minutes walk through a rather worryingly dark and quiet area of London. Thankfully I was not on own, as admittedly I would have feared for my safety.We gladly spotted the hotel, which is actually situated along a dark and miserable looking side street (or should I say 'alley way)... I think the street name gives a clue there: 'Chamber Street'.Appearance/Cleanliness: From the outside the hotel looks like a secure psychiatric unit, only distinguished by the familiar Travel Lodge sign. Inside the reception things looked up slightly, but only to the point of resembling a 'not so bad' hostel. As for the room, it was okay... bedding, linen and towels were all fine. No major complaints apart from the shower basin looking like it needed a good scrub and the window restricter being completely broken, which meant the window could be opened fully, wasn't a big deal for us - but certainly would be frowned upon by health and safety, and not good for anyone feeling suicidal or with children. Also the room seemed to lack double glazing certainly didn't aid sleep!Service: Our only real encounter with staff was when we arrived to check in, instead of a friendly welcome the response was &quot;Let me just finish checking my email, be with you in a few minutes&quot; *rolls eyes*. My colleague and I don't usually bother with breakfast but feeling peckish we decided to give it a go. The sign read &quot;Wait to be seated&quot; so we waited, and waited and waited, and after 10 minutes we gave up and helped ourself to some fruit and juice, which for me seemed the only edible things on offer.So to summarise, unless it's absolutely vital (or you are a health and safety inspector) do not stay here. There are much better and even cheaper hotels in Central London.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Location - but expect some noise	Great stay and comfortable rooms. Unfortunately it was very hot so opened window but was backing on to a train line. Staff happily moved me to other side of hotel which helped a lot.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great value	My friend and I stayed at the travelodge in room 110. It was much better in terms of decoration than any other travelodge I have stayed in previously, it was relatively modern and had a flat screen tv etc. The location was good a 5 minute walk from Aldgate east station and a 10 minute walk from London bridge. It is also about 10 minutes from St Katherine's dock and a Waitrose. The only problem was we couldn't figure out how to turn the air conditioning off. The room was really quiet for London.	
Jun 2 2009 	Would make a good suicide clinic	What a horrible room! I was put in room 003 which can only be described as a dungeon, given the high up tiny windows. Air con didn't work, and it was too loud outside to have the tiny window open! I was also awoken by the cleaners directly opposite the room talking loudly first thing in the morning.When checking in I had to wait at reception for 5 minutes despite ringing the bell, although to be fair the food was good.General location was grotty, and the overall experience was simply depressing. Quite simply, it was an utter relief to get out of there.	
May 10 2009 	Value for Money	This hotel is situated within the business district of London, only 5mins from the Gherkin. Algate East tube station is less than a 5min walk away. A walk to Tower Bridge took us around 15mins.The only low point i can think of is the fact that we struggled to find the hotel. After searching for 20mins we gave up and hopped in a black cab, bt even then the taxi driver had never heard of it. When we eventually found it, it was down a side street with nothing else on it. Hopefully this will not be a problem now as it has been open longer as it was only new when we stayed.I would definetly recommend as it has a great tube link to all major attractions etc.	
May 1 2009 	You get what you pay for.........	Basic hotel but excellent value for money in London. Rooms clean although one of the toilets did leak on the morning we were leaving.Down sides were we had to pay £10 to book in early and £10 to book out late even though the rooms were available. Also can't leave luggage.Another problem is the railway although the trains do stop between midnight and 6am but the weekend we were staying they were carrying out maintenance work on the lines - we weren't warned of this and were woken by the sound of a pneumatic drill!Breakfast £7.50 but not exactly gourmet........If you are just using the hotel as base, it's a great location.	
Apr 17 2009 	Good value for money	Really pleased to find a room anywhere in London for £32 a night (saver deal), so went for it and wasn't disappointed. I too was surprised to have to get to it through such a dodgy looking tunnel, and then to be told that the doors locked at 10pm at night and we'd need to ring reception (visible from entry doors) for entry, raised concerns about the area, but like previous reviewer we came in from the Leman Road end (East Aldgate tube is at the top of this road) and all was fine. I would have felt a bit apprehensive though if had been a lone female and would have caught a cab back.The two guys we met on Reception really friendly and helpful. No probs with heating in the room, worked perfectly. Didn't mind the sound of the trains at all, didn't disturb my sleep and I'm a light sleeper.Best thing of all - the bed. Really big, at least a king if not queen size and a seriously comfy mattress. Room was clean and cosy, funky artwork and decor/bedding different from usual travelodges - used to be a comfort inn until 18 months ago, which probably explains the difference. Flat screen TV.Overall great value for money as had a very comfy nights sleep and was fairly close to tube. Not the prettiest area, but that's never the attraction with travelodges! Would use again at this price.	
Mar 3 2009 	Good for getting around London at a cheap price	The room was clean and comfortable the only problem was that the lift wasn't working and the heating wasn't either it was so warm in the room when we asked at reception and they opened up the window which was fine until we realised it opened out onto the railway tracks (which we were aware would be there) even that was fine until we couldn't work out how to shut the window so at 6 a.m., it was very noisy. This has not put us off as it was great value and we are actually going back there again in May for a couple of days at an even cheaper price (we will have to make sure that we can close the window this time if needed). It is so close to Liverpool Street and the tube we find we can get about London easily. Another benefit is that a Weatherspoons is just across the road so you know that you are going to get food and beer at a reasonable price.	
Feb 24 2009 	Heating issues...	I stayed for three nights having business in London and this was literally two minutes walk from my offices.The check in was fine and the staff polite. The lift wasn't stopping at the reception level, so you had to lug your bags up and down stairs to the first floor - still wasn't fixed by the time I checked out despite notices assuring guests that a 'fault had been logged'.The room was spacious, bigger that average for a travelodge, the shower was powerful and the trains which pass outside the window whilst semi audible weren't really an issue.The only complaint I have is the heating/ventilation system. It is useless. You really do need to be a rocket scientist to fathom out the control panel and when you do it blows hot or cold for about 30 seconds then turns itself off, in fact it actually tripped out twice so I gave up. It wasn't as cold as it has been but still uncomfortably. Reception did oblige with an additional duvet, but as for a heater 'sorry we don't have them for health and safety reasons'.There is a brand new travelodge 5 mins from this one so I will probably try that one next time.	
Jan 15 2009 	Good for the money	The Travelodge at Aldgate East is a pleasant cheap hotel to stay in within zone 1 of the tube system in London. The rooms are clean, it's fairly quiet and the staff are friendly and helpful. There's nothing outstanding about the hotel, but it's great value for money, particularly in such an expensive city. The alley that the entrance is in is safe enough, although I would avoid walking there alone at night. Would stay there again and would recommend.	
Nov 25 2008 	Not recommended	I had to spend one night in the city and/or docklands area of London and was attracted by the Travelodge due to the very competative price.To be fair, I booked for single occupancy, so I got a single room - with a small single bed. The room was on the ground floor; had a small row of windows along the top of the outside wall and I just knew the pavement and the road were only yards from my bed.Everything was clean and the shower was very good, but I still would not repeat the experience. I'd rather pay a little bit extra to be a bit more cofortable.	
Nov 4 2008 	Cold!	I have stayed in many Travelodges throughout the last 8 years or so, and I like them because of the good price-quality ratio and comfortable beds (with other hotels in this price range it's touch-and-go and I prefer to avoid back pain). We chose Travelodge Aldgate East for a weekend in London because of the 49 pounds/night offer, and its central location. I've read the reviews on Tripadvisor regarding the dark alleyway, and sure enough: it's there. It's fine during the day but at night we preferred to take the long way around and enter Chamber street from the other side. No biggie.The Travelodge wouldn't hold our bags for us until check-in time (we could do a GBP 10 early check-in, but we just wanted to drop two tiny bags so didn't do that) but again, that can be expected for this price.What WAS very annoying, is that the heating didn't work properly. It was turned off when we entered the room and it was 16 degrees inside. When turning the heat on (aiming at 22 degrees), it would only blow (it's a combined aircon/heating system) for about 15-30 seconds every 5 minutes. So, when not unbearably cold, we never got really comfortable in the room either. The temperature did not rise above 18 degrees at any point and we even left the heating on during the day while we were out! It was a bit of a chilly weekend, but temperatures didn't drop below 3 or 4 degrees. I don't even want to contemplate what happens if it starts freezing!Cutting costs is one thing, making people stay in uncomfortably cold rooms is another (and this is not the first Travelodge where I'm experiencing this).	
Sep 27 2008 	To stay or not to stay... that is the question !	After a long flight from Australia we arrived at this hotelat about 8pm. We went to check in an handed the reception staff our Expedia confirmation to be advised that they did not have a reservation for us and that the hotel had changed hands 6 months prior and was now a different name and company. The reception staff then checked a folder to see if she could find a record of our booking in the old hotels system. After about 2 hours standing in Recpetion the matter was still unresolved . Reception advised us that they did contact Expedia to advise of this and have had many customers arrive in the same sittuation as us without a booking due to Expedia not passing on the information and due to the time difference we were unable to phone Expedia.com.au to see why they had not advised us of the change and to se what has happened to our booking. The reception staff advised us that even tho they could see on our invoice that we had booked and paid that they could not honor the booking and we would have to pay to stay the night. As it was almost 10.30pm by this time we decided to just pay and sort it out the next day. Due to the time difference we had to set our alarm for 3am to phone Expedia in office hours. When we spoke to Expedia they advised us that the booking looked fine on their end - we advised that it was not fine on ours and something needed to e sorted. After 7 hours and 5expensive phonecalls to and from Expedia the problem was resolved and our money was refunded by the hotel for the previous night. Due to the trouble we had been in the hotel upgraded us free of charge which helped rectify the problem from the hotel side of things however we could not believe the amount of phonecalls we needed to make to Expedia to have this fixed. Surely 1 phonecall would solve it all - 7 is an absolute joke ! We then had another problem with Expedia.com.au as our flight had been cancelled and Expedia.com.au did not notify of this either via phone or email and still after 16 weeks we are still waiting for our $700 refund even tho we have phoned and emailed almost everyday ! We get some stupid excuse that the Air Belin rep that they usually deal with is on Annual Leave and they need to wait for her to return - what rubbish ! so a warning to you all - spend that tiny bit extra and book with an agent or with the hotel directly. Expedia.com.au are an absolute joke and should not be in business! The hotel itself was very clean and comfotable. Staff were pleasant. The location was good in the fact that it was a short walk to London Tower however and a big however, we believe this is the dodgy end of town. The hotel was in a dark alley which had many shady characters lerking around. On our way back to London we stayed in Kensingtone at a hotel called Abcone - It was in a fantastic part of London and was actually cheaper than this hotel here.	
Aug 18 2008 	Points to take on board	Eight of us came down from Scotland for a long weekend, the weather was brilliant, we enjoyed everything we had booked, the hotel room was okay, but, the safe which would have been beneficial to us was not in use, in fact we were told that the safes were going to be taken out!!! It is a travel lodge, why would you think in taking them out, surely that would be a benefit to all travellers. The air conditiioning was out of order, again we were told that it was being taken out. It seems silly that two essential benefits are being disposed of. The locality of the lodge was down a dark alley under a bridge, not the best of situations in a dark night. We kept in a group for safety whenever we were going or coming in the evening. It is in a central area, near the railway station, and visitors attractions. The Geddes Party	
Aug 8 2008 	Very Satisfactory with a very nice price	This hotel exceeded our expectations by far, especially when judging by the price. We booked a triple room which was very spacious and was equipped with a safe, fridge, kettle, en-suite, trouser press, fan, hairdryer and television. The room was very spacious not like many of the other hotels that are on offer around london. The location of this hotel is fairly central, from out hotel room we could see the tall buildings of London city (the pickle thing etc!) Although some of the reviews on this website stated that it was a tough area, we never witnessed any of this, and we arrived back at hotel late in the evenings.On arrival, we were greeted by very friendly hotel staff, who were happy to store our bags for us as we had arrived well before our check in time. When we arrived back that evening there was no problems in re-locating the bags and checking-in. Room service was also very quick and friendly.The lobby is small, and has a few brochures and daily newspapers. Although we didn't dine in the restanuant during the duration of our stay, it looked very modern and comfortable. This is an absolutely top-notch hotel, and I would definately recommend it to friends. It was very clean, modern and friendly!	
Jul 6 2008 	Not bad for the price	Location was fantastic a 10 minute walk to tower bridge and the tower of london. The room was clean and modern but was very hot there was air conditioning but it only went down to a certain point and didn't seem to be working properly. Also it does state it on the website but we didn't notice it that the hotel is built by a railway track so if you are staying at the back of the hotel its very noisy, I wore earplugs and could still hear the trains. The staff were all lovely and really polite and helpfull and the cafe/resturant/bar was reasonablly priced. Overall it was cheap and very central and you get what you pay for really, I would stay again but get a room at the front away from the train noise.	
Jun 25 2008	Not the best location	We chose this hotel as it was the cheapest Travelodge we could find in London.The hotel is in a good place for travel links into London - a short walk from Aldgate (Circle, Metropolitan) and Aldgate East (Hammersmith and City, District) Tube stations, and an even shorter walk to Tower Gateway and Tower Hill for the DLR, Circle and District Lines. We also easily walked to the hotel from Liverpool Street (Central, Circle, Metropolitan, Hammersmith and City, Mainline Rail).Within Aldgate, the hotel is not in the nicest area. When I first checked in, I did not feel comfortable at all on Chamber Street. The dark alleyway has been mentioned in previous reviews. However, as we quickly discovered, it is just as quick to get to and from the hotel via Leman Street, entering Chamber Street from the much brighter, open end. I would advise checking a map and directions thoroughly before going to the hotel - it is not exactly the easiest to find.The hotel is close to a train track. As my friend and I have lived close to a railway line for over twenty years, this did not bother us. As mentioned in previous reviews, you can hear the trains from the rooms. However, I would not advise asking for a room at the front of the hotel to escape the noise (as was also mentioned in a previous review). Although Chamber Street is far from being a main road, we were kept awake by the cars speeding down the road (and, unfortunately, it was far too warm to close the window to escape the noise).For our needs, the hotel was ideal. It was cheap (£148 for two of us for three nights), and a good location for the links we needed (Tube, DLR and mainline from Liverpool Street). It was a clean and spacious room. The only problem we had with the hotel service was that we had no towels in the room upon first checking in. But a quick visit to reception and that's easily solved.	
May 6 2008 	muggers paradise!	We recently decided to see the Tutankhamun exhibition in London so we made a weekend of it and booked online to stay in Travelodge Aldgate east. A one night stay for £39. Bargain!!The hotel is everything you would expect of Travelodge, Clean, spacious room, big bed, flat screen TV and superb all you can eat breakfast. And only a ten minute walk to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge.Now for the down side. The hotel is in Chamber Street which when you first walk into it can only be described as a muggers paradise! It runs alongside a Railway line and the hotel is the only modern building, the other business' being in the railway arches ( think the garage in Eastenders). Both ends of the street are as bad and to walk along it at night, as you have to do unless you take a taxi ,is not a pleasant experience.The other downside is the proximity of the railway. The side of the hotel we stayed in overlooked the tracks and although the trains do not run between midnight and 6am and then only trundle slowly past the noise is enough to ensure you will not get a lie in on your holiday!	
Apr 9 2008	Long way to go....	Stayed for 2 nights at end of March, we were told it had just opened, understatement... it was still being finished off builders everywhere, hanging cables and so on. Reception staff unhelpful and rude, denied we had a booking and then wouldn't let me use hotel phone to phone booking company. As we waited every single person who arrived had check-in difficulties. Also in a VERY dark street in slightly dodgy area at night (we got lost coming from the tube station and even the police didn't know where it was. Plenty of other better places...even in London	
Feb 10 2008 	Nice rooms	This hotel has been recently renovated, the rooms are small but lovely, we had a flat screen TV, and the bathroom had a decent size shower, but no bath.The position of this hotel is good, close to the Tower of London and a short walk from a couple of underground stops, however it is impossible to find, there are 2 Travelodge`s in the Aldgate area and we ended up at the wrong one. It is impossible to find if you have never been there before, it is down a bit of a dodgy road, but I think it looks worse than it is.The other major down side is there is no where to store your luggage when you check out of your room. We checked out at 12, and our train home was at 7. We have to get the tube to Liverpool Street train station and leave our luggage there.Now that I know where it is I would stay here again, for the price you wont get much better in Central London.	
Jan 10 2008 	Now a travel lodge	We recently stayed at this hotel for a long weekend. Situated about 25 feet from main line railway and the Docklands Light Railway - ok if you're a train spotter! Trains operate from about 6 am to midnight. We booked as the Comfort Hotel but when we eventually found it, it had changed to a Travel Lodge - never stayed in a Travel Lodge before and would seriously think twice about it in the future. The place is in need of refurbishment - bedrooms and bathrooms were clean but carpets and mattresses were badly stained - had to ask every night for towels and milk for the tea/coffee tray. Breakfast was ok - cereals, toast and cooked - but usually had to wait for the trays to be refilled. Staff were pleasant and always supplied items straight away but got the feeling that things seemed a bit disorganised. The hotel is situated in a very run down street next to a 24 hour car wash - to get there you pass under a very dark railway bridge (even in daylight hours) the street is dimly lit and certainly would not recommend females to walk on their own at night. We did however find another route to avoid this - just over the road there is a walkway (Magdalen Passage) takes you to the next street - takes a minute or so longer but definitely worth the detour. There is the Minories Pub and Wetherspoons nearby which both do reasonably priced meals and the food is good. We chose this hotel because it was near to the attractions we were visiting i.e. Tower, Dungeon - but as the tube is only 5 mins walk we were able to get to other places very quickly. Probably wouldn't use again.	
Jan 1 2008 	Very mixed feelings over this hotel.	I had very mixed feelings over this hotel. It was clean and new inside, with excellent quality bed, tv, chair, bathroom etc. Stylish and modern, with nice lighting and decoration.It was previously called the Comfort Inn, and I walked passed it twice before realising it had changed its name to a Travelodge.But… there are too many buts for a good review. It is down a street that would be good on the Jack the Ripper tour. Very back-street-down-town, an alleyway where they wash your car by hand at one end, and rip off the wheels at the other (probably, late-night anyhow).I stayed 6 nights, and every night my doorkey didn’t work. ‘Come back, and we’ll fix it for you….’ 6 times. Hmm. The people in front of me in the reception queue had their reservation lost. The guy behind me – his tv didn’t work. The staff were friendly and helpful, but there were too many problems.Breakfast was minimalistic but edible. I tried it once, and then went to cafes in the area.A great location for the Tower of London, Tower Bridge and the East End. But that’s about all it has going for it. The Sleep Inn up the road is MUCH better.2 star out of 5 star.	
Dec 12 2007 	Comfort Hotel........ now a Travelodge!	The Comfort Hotel Tower Bridge is in the process of being tranformed into a Travelodge (December 2007). When I stayed the hotel was clearly in the middle of its transformation, as checking in proved especially difficult, as well as slow, but I think this was because when I arrived they were changing over to the travelodge computer systems. I stayed on the fourth floor, the single room, contained a single bed, desk, wardrobe, and a small but adequate bathroom with a shower. The carpet in the room was very badly stained in a number of places, which was not ideal. My room at the rear of the hotel was also just above a train lines, and the trains finished going past at around midnight and started going past again at dawn, the train noise was rather loud, and made the building shudder at times. Although the trains and the carpets would put me off staying at the hotel again, I am sure if you had a room at the front of the building, with less stained carpets, this hotel would be a bargain in a very central location.One other point to mention, is that it is located down a very quiet and dark back street, so if you are to arrive back at the hotel late at night you may want to get a taxi back or walk with someone.	
Oct 1 2007 	Excellent Value For Money	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor decided on this hotel. If you are visting the tower of London it is in an excellent position. It's a bit far East for the attractions of the West End but it is only 10 minutes on the tube (Tower Hill station, 4 minute walk). We were visiting the O2 stadium and it proved a pretty good location (15 minute walk to London Bridge station is the most direct route to the O2) .Room was spotless, bathroom was big and clean, there was a large sofa in our room and all the usual extras including WIFI access if you wanted it. recommend room 315 (think it was bigger than most). The rooms at the back of the hotel do overlook the railway lines but the double glazing is good and the noise didn't bother us at all. Breakfast was good and plentiful, the bar is in the breakfast area so has no real feel but is there if you want it.Wetherspoons at the end of the street is good and cheap as ever. Can recommend the &quot;Red Chilli&quot; indian restaurant at the other end of the street. Sunday buffet for £9.99 was excellent value and with really good friendly service!Enjoy London, Covent Garden is good but Camden Lock Market on a Sunday is a must! lots of character and feeling about the place!	
Aug 30 2007 	Clean cheap 	This hotel is located in an alley and not even the cab driver knew about it. From the outside looks bad, but the inside is very modern and the rooms are small (like every other room in the UK) but very stylish and clean. The bed is comfy and the washrooms are to the standard of any 4 (or even 5) star hotel.The location is great, 3 blocks away from a Tube station, 5 or 6 blocks away from the Tower of London and minutes away from the other side of the river. The restaurant is pretty pathetic, but who cares, eat out and enjoy the city. It is usually very well priced.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great value.	I had to be in London very early for a two day conference, so decided to book a nearby hotel so I wasn't rushing in the morning. I paid £78 for a twin room on hotelshopuk.comVery very good value, I couldn't get anything else close for this price, so very pleased with that.The hotel was bright and very clean, the room was lovely as was the bathroom. Ate in the restaurant the night before which was fine, bit pricey but to be expected in London (I am from Yorkshire after all!). The breakfast was great too. Overall I really enjoyed my stay, the hotel provided everything I needed. One reservation - the location. It was very near tower bridge, the tube etc but the road it is down isn't exactly bustling with people. You have to walk under a dark railway bridge, which as a lone female, I didn't enjoy. But apart from that, very pleased.	
May 20 2007	Enjoyed our stay	Nice hotel, friendly, helpful staff, Rooms very clean and comfortable. Only issue was that we did request adjoining, non-smoking rooms when we booked, neither of which were received. This didn't affect our impression of the hotel and the service. The train track is close to the hotel, but we didn't hear the trains passing inthe night as they pass slowly. Breakfast was great!	
May 3 2007 	Great Inside	I booked this hotel on Expedia for $88 Canadian last summer (double bed). For the price we couldn't do better. The room was very clean and modern. Housekeeping brought cookies and tea everyday which was nice. Even though train tracks were right outside our window we didn't hear anything. The windows don't open but there is air-conditioning. The only drawback is the location. It's out of the way and it takes quite a long ride on the tube to reach many shops and popular tourist destinations (except the Tower of London, of course!) There's not much nightlife around this part if that's what you're looking for. The hotel is about 5 minutes from the Tower Hill tube station if you walk fast. Trust me, at night you'll want to walk fast! It's pretty deserted around this part at night and it's quite obvious that people sleep under the bridge right next to the hotel.	
Mar 27 2007 	A pleasent suprise.	I have had a few bad experiences of hotels in London so I hadn't hyped myself up for this one being much better. How I was pleasently suprised!The hotel does look like a converted office block from the outside, but we found it very easy to find and very welcoming once you get up to it, as it is has full glass front.The staff were nice enough, though we didn't ask for anything our whole trip, so they weren't really pushed ;)We had booked a double room, which was a good size, nice en suite, air con, good lightening, decor etc. Only problem (that I see people have mentioned before) is that we were looking right over the DLR. This line does not stop till about midnight so if you are a light sleeper this is not the place for you.Both me and my partner sleep like a log though, so we had no problems!Location was fine, short walk from the Tower Of London and an even shorter walk from Aldgate East station (zone 2) so everything was easily reached.Overall we had a very enjoyable trip, which this hotel helped towards.Cheers!	
Mar 23 2007 	Cheap Hotel near the Tower of London	I stayed in this hotel because it was the cheapest option near the tower of london. The subway tracks are directly behind the hotel so if you are a light sleeper I would not recommend this property. Also I would recommend asking for a room in the front of the building to minimize the noise. For the price, I thought it was a good value. The tower of london, tower bridge and subway stop is less than a mile.	
Jan 5 2007 	A below standard hotel. Do not stay here.	Hotel rooms are small and crampt. Staff were extremely unhelpful. I was told I would have a room with a bath but only twin rooms come with baths. doubles only have a shower so I had to make do. Bed was hard, i am suffering from back ache as a result of this. The head board shook every time a train went past on the very near by track, making it difficult to sleep. There were marks that looked like make up on the carpet. Large yellow and orange blobs. Very strange. Egg shell that had been dropped in the hallway took an entire day to be tidied up. Our breakfast order came late and was not what we ordered. During the time we were out and the room was being cleaned one of the key cards for our door was removed from our room, for no good reason and we were left with only one big towel between me and my fiance. When I rang down for another, the receptionist made sure I knew what a hassle it was for her to get another towel so it was a surprise when it turned up five minutes later. Last but not least beams jut out of the wall in the rooms which me and my fiance both bumped into. I now have a huge bump on my head and a aching shoulder. Not suitable at all for children. paid a large amount of money for a sub-standard hotel. I also stayed at the hesperia in london which is much nicer. Go there instead.	
Dec 22 2006 	Good value for money	Stayed in London many times with varrying standards of accommodation and price. This hotel was very good value for money so i was a bit dubious. When i first arrived at the hotel i was a bit surprised by the location. Only 5 mins from the tube/tower of London etc but the hotel was down a dark dingy street and the hotel looked like an office block from the outside (obviously been converted) however once in the hotel found it to be very comfortable. Nice clean room with a great bathroom. Although the room overlooked the railway line, it wasn't any problem. In fact it was quite nice to wave to all the commuters first thing in the morning. All n all a nice comfy stay and would go back.	
Oct 22 2006 	dream room	the location of the hotel was very dissapointing for the hotel. it wasnt a really good look. i had to walk down a very dark alley way which was pretty frightening. other than that the hotel was good the room service was ok. loved the room and it was in really good condition. me and my boyfriend really enjoed and might even come back just has long has we dont have to walk down that dark road.	
Sep 15 2006 	Very nice hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights earlier this month and enjoyed our stay. This hotel is conveniently located close to the Tower Hill and Aldgate East Tube station. The room was nice, clean and contemporary. There were a bunch of good restaurants close by. I wish the hotel offered free continental breakfast. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2006	Very good	Good clean place and location for the price, also in zone one for the undergroundwould stay again as is very new as well	
Aug 3 2006 	Excellent Accommodation!	I could not have gotten a better deal... The room was lovely, the service impeccable, and the price amazing. Stayed 4 nights and had the best sleep despite our room being next to the railway; I did not hear a thing. No, the hotel isn't in central London, but it's only a 5 min walk from the nearest Tube station and just a couple of stops away from all the sights. I had a blast and would definitely stay here again! ~A Traveller from Edinburgh	
Jun 21 2006	Unbeatable value nice hotel	We stayed at the Comfort Tower of London for 3 nights this past May and had an outstanding experience.First, we found an unbelievable rate of 85$/night on Expedia- yes, that is in US dollars, not pounds!This rate was for a King room and included a hearty breakfast every day.The room was fine - it was fairly new and a little small, but that was to be expected to London's standard. I must say that I found the king bed to be a luxury in London. The decor is modern and the bathroom very clean and more than adequate.Compared to all the other options, we felt we got an excellent deal. The hotel is nice, new and modern and the breakfast was definitely several notches above the usual continental fare - there was hot eggs, ham, pastries, yogurt.The only slight downside is the location. It is a bit hard to find and is in a somewhat isolated area. I will emphasize that we found the location to be safe, but if you are looking for a hotel that is on a busy street or lively square, this is not the place. On the plus side, it is located only 2 minutes from the Tower Gateway tube station.Overall, we were extremely satisfied and would stay here again.	
Jun 19 2006	Good location good value	Nice hotel, new, clean, big room (contrary to what you hear of European hotels, and not what we found in Athens and Rome), right next to train tracks, but we didn't hear them, ever (sound-proof windows and walls?), lift was broken during our visit. Not the nicest neighborhood (a little run down), but we never felt unsafe walking to and from the Tower Hill underground station (3 blocks away) or the bus stops (2 blocks away, for several major buses). We had a King with a rollaway (for our son) for 62.73 euros a night (booked through their website using the &quot;Internet rate&quot;). Breakfast was not included, but available for 12 euros each in the hotel restaurant. (We choose to do other things with our 12 euros!) Nice curry restaurant down the block - Red Chili.	
Jun 15 2006	Not as central as you'd think	I thought it would be better having read the reviews on tripadvisor before I went.It was much further from the Tower of London than I thought which meant a good 10-15 minute walk down some deserted streets. The hotel itself is down an alleyway next door to a garage and with some kind of fish processing place on the same alley.We were there for 3 days on the 8th of June and the lift was out of order for that whole time. I am interested to see if it wil still be broken in future postings. We had the impression they had no intention of fixing it. The walk up three flights of stairs with our suitcases in the heat wasn't much fun but at least the air conditioning in the room was very good. The bedrooms were nicely decorated but the drainage in the shower wasn't the best and they had a notice up saying to be careful because the steam can set off the fire alarm. There is a lot of noise from the train station at the back of the hotel and it woke us early every morning, even though we were up on the third floor. Also beware of the goldy bedspread. I flung myself onto the bed after a hard days shopping and got carpet-burn from it i thought bedspreads were supposed to be soft! :-(	
Jun 12 2006	Not much comfort in this hotel	Taxi driver had no idea where the hotel was. When we eventually arrived the receptionist said it was a common problem. The lift was not working so had to carry bags to the second floor, no assistance was offered. The room was clean and adequate but was beside a noisy street so could not open the windows. The air conditioning which was modern simply didn't work. A fan was offered once the staff checked the unit. Breakfast was cold even though I was there when the opened for serving. The internet which was advertised as free on the company booking system was not free either at £3 an hour.Overall an average hotel that is charging above its worth as it is in a poor location with poorly maintained facilities.	
Jun 2 2006	Loved the hotel	A great new hotel. It is within walking distance of the Tower Bridge and offers real value for money, if not more. It is very very close to all the London attractions and was a perfect base for our stay in the city. The rooms are very chic and modern with great furnishings and a big shower. The buffet breakfast is superb and the bar service is great as well.	
Apr 26 2006	Great hotel	disadvantages if the hotel:# it was fairly hard to find, but by popping into a local sandwich shop we were able to find it. # not that wide varitey on the diner menu (however there are many restraunts localy).# view from our room was the train track. this however was not a problem as the walls were soundproof and you could only hear them if you opened the windows. (trains going past approximately every 15 minutes (but please note this really wasnt a problem, as they were unheard).advantages:# great welcoming to the hotel and we managed to check in 1 hour early. thy were very helpful we gave them the surname and we were in our room within 2 minutes. we took the lift upstairs.# easy access with a modern entrance type swipe card to get into the room.# the hotel room was big enough for 2 which was great, plenty of space for clothes and sky tv with film and msic channels really made the difference. # the beds were slightly uncomfortable (firm) but i was so tired form sightseeing that i fell asleep immediately anyway!# room service was available at £3, which is always a plus (you could even get a paper of your choice delivered to your room after 7 am (anytime wanted) great).# breakfast was included within our price, so much choice. 5 different drinks, cereals, cooked breakfast, toast, baguetts, croissants, fresh fruit. as result of this breakfast i couldnt manage lunch so a good saving of money lol. a real bonus of breakfast was that it was served between 7-10 (mon-fri) and you find a table (always a spare one) and serve yourself everything is up on the table and you cna pick (including cooked breakfast). # the decor throughout the hotel was very modern and clean i could not fault them upon this. # checkout was simple handed back the swipe card and that was it. overall i am very pleased with the hotels good service and for giving me such an enjoyable stay. all the staff were pleasent, and i would strongly recommend this cheap brilliant hotel to anybody.	
Mar 16 2006 	Hidden gem	This practically new (7 months in operation) hotel sits just three blocks from Tower Hill underground station and just a short walk from The City, yet its rates are half of what one would expect to pay in that area.This hotel is on a clearly industrial street next to the train tracks and is virtually unknown to most cabbies. Part of the problem is the lack of an external sign, coupled with a noticeable lack of advertising. Nevertheless, we found it without difficulty and we were quite pleased with the hotel itself.This is not the hotel for you if you are looking for Olde English elegance and culture, luxury service or stunning views from your windows. The hotel is part of the Comfort Hotel chain and it delivers budget accomodations that are comfortable and much better than average.Rooms are modern and being new, clean and bright, as were the nicely-tiled bathrooms. For the price, the rooms were bigger than we expected. To our surprise, the walls are apparently sound-proofed, as we never heard out neighbors even though the hotel was mostly filled.Breakfast was more than adequate and the staff were extremely courteous and helpful. We were on a business trip and the location was perfect for us. It would likely suit tourists as well, given the proximity of the Tower of London and the Underground. Our only complaint were the beds, which we found to be overly-firm. If you like that type of mattress, you will have no complaints.Considering that we paid less than $200.00 a night (even less on the weekend) it is hard to imagine finding a better value in that part of London. We will be returning in the future.	
Mar 6 2006	Towering value	Went to this hotel expecting little for the £60 rate that I understood to include only continental breakfast.It is located 10 min walk from Tower Hill tube but suffers from an approach down a rather dingy darkish alley that luckliy quickly turns into a better lit street. Could easily go a little bit further on and approach it down a better lit main street.The back of the hotel looks onto rail track intersection so there was some noise from passing trains, but cant say I found this too much of a problem.All that said the experience inside the hotel was much better.Helpful staff, nice good sized clean room, modern decor and good breakfast - not just continental but also full english. We were also able to leave our luggage in the hotel after checking out whilst we spent a few hours going round the Tower of London.For the money and location I thought it was very good value and would recommend it.	
Oct 27 2009 	RAS hormis l'emplacement		
Jun 3 2009 	Für eine Nacht okay Lage nicht gerade die Beste		
Jan 14 2008 	N'y allez surtout pas!		
Oct 16 2007 	Como dormir en la estación		
