Jun 25 2009 	Good value for money in Central London	I needed a room that same night in central London, but needing to keep costs down I set a budget of under £100. A tad ambitious, but about 20 phone calls later I tracked down the Hadleigh. They offered me their last room - a double - for £85, and I have to say that it was just fine for what I needed. I think I got the same room as the last reviewer on the 4th floor as my floor sloped too, but I didn't roll out of bed! The sheets were crisp, the towels clean, it was airy and bright and the TV had freeview so plenty of channel choice. The staff were polite and they give you a front door key for late returns. They also loan you a TV remote control at check in - clearly some have gone missing in the past!My only crtitisism would be that the general upkeep could be improved; the over-bed light didn't work and the shower was more of a dribble, but for an overnight it was fine, and I wasn't expecting a Holiday Inn. Not at £85 a night within 100 yards of Marble Arch. And if you arrive as I did by car, don't park overnight in the Bilton Towers NCP - it cost me £33; add on 2 days congestion charge and I should have let the train take the strain.Would I stay there again? Yes definitely, so much better than many 'cheaper' London hotels reviewed on this site.	
Jun 23 2009 	Clean Quirky Good Value and Location Great Staff	I stayed in a single room for 6 nights and thought it was fun. As expected the room was tiny and the facilities were a bit old. The funniest thing about my room was the floor of my 4th floor room was so tilted it almost caused me to roll out of bed!On the positive side, the room and the hotel in general was very clean and the staff was very nice and very helpful. I had an issue connecting to the hotel WiFi and one of the kind staff quickly solved my problem.Overall, I found the hotel to be an excellent bargain and plan to stay there again when I return to London!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great location large room budget accommodations	We booked a triple room at the Hadleigh hotel based upon location and price. The location was great. We were close to several bus lines and the underground. It is a very short walk to Oxford Street. We actually walked to Buckingham Palace (20-25 min)and then on to Westminster and found the walk to be enjoyable plus a lovely way to experience the city. The room itself was pretty large. There was a bathroom with a toliet, shower, and sink. And then there was an additional sink in the room as well. There was a TV and fan too. But overall I would say the room was kind of grungy, but adequate. The gentleman at the front desk was nice and helpful.I would recommend this hotel to people looking for affordable lodging near the action.	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic location for such cheap price	My friend and I had another visit in London and this two star hotel was simply great. Staff were very friendly and heplful. I will always go back to this hotel.	
Dec 7 2008 	what a [--] hole	just got back from a weekend at this hotel or should that read hostel..no not that good!!!!please ! please! if your thinking of going to this hotel don,t , me and my wife are not that fussy but this hotel takes the biscuit every thing about it is shabby, from hole in ceiling, broken ironing board, un hoovered carpet for at least 6 months,thread bear carpets, no fire exits wotsoever etc....etc...etc.....i have photos if needed don,t do it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 18 2008 	Good location otherwise lacking	Small bed and breakfast but no breakfast offered when I was there. No life or elevator so one may have to haul luggage to the 4th floor. No telephones in room. Small television with limited channels. Someone had stolen the remote from room which was never replaced. There is no common area. Asked the reception to look at a phone book to check an address -- they did not have one. London is a very expensive city so I was not expecting much. Good safe location, near Oxford Street, and Marble Arch tube station. Plenty of banks and coffee places nearby, Not sure if I would return.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Place in Central London	I have stayed at The Hadleigh many times starting back as far as 1994. It is an excellent choice for easy access to Central London. It is only a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch tube station (Oxford Street) and Hyde Park. The hotel is very personal and welcoming. There are many different kinds of rooms including a two bedroom flat in the basement that is very nice. I highly recommend The Hadleigh to everyone who wants a clean comfortable stay in Central London.	
Dec 28 2006 	Loved it - Perfectly Charming!	I thought that this hotel satisfied on all levels, based on my expectations. I wanted a resonably priced hotel that was centrally located with a little &quot;English charm, &quot; a cozy feel, and friendly knowledgable staff. My room was on the third floor (4th in American) and the bathroom was very large! The room was spotless and quite comfortable. The staff was fantastic and very flexible - I had a problem when I was missing some money (this did not happen in the hotel!) and staff was very understanding about waiting for payment from Western Union for a day or so. Overall, it fit my expectations. Also, there is a fantastic grocer a few blocks away close to Edgeware Road that has fantastic picnic food. It's called Green Grocer (or something like that); it is a mid-east style place with great flat bread! In sum, this hotel is quiet, clean, comfortable and cozy. I think that the less flattering reviews were, perhaps, a little unrealistic - don't check into any Marble Arch bed and breakfast if you are expecting the Savoy! This place is very close to Oxford St (if you can stand the overwhelming crowds) and Mayfair, Marylebone and Soho. If you want to take a nice walk, just go towards Marble Arch, walk down Park Lane, go left and you will run into Buckingham Palace. You couldn't ask for a better location for the price. I highly recommend the Hadleigh AND the grocery store.	
Sep 2 2006 	It's central but...	We were a party of three girls and stayed at the Hadleigh for 5 nights. On arrival our room was stuffy and smelling after remaining smoke from previous guests. The next shock came when we tried to open the windows: the net curtains were tinted in grey dust/soot, one window pane was broken probably having resulted from some previous effortless trials to open the windows smoothly. We had 3 separate beds, which were old and made some creaking noise with every move. If you were keen on some &quot;massage&quot; while sleeping - the bedsprings would do their job. I still don't understand why the English are so fanatic about carpets - wooden floors are much more hygienic. Anyway, even though the carpet was hovered every day you couldn't tell any difference - the dust/dirt remained. The size of the room was ok for a triple - I've stayed in smaller box rooms before, however it's far from being called spacious. The bathroom was small but ok, the shower worked well, it was more or less clean (as long as you didn't look too closely at the corners which slowly started to get mouldy). Breakfast was served to the room which was at first a surprise to us, however, as the hotel is very small, there was no breakfast room. We were served orange juice, croissant, 1 piece of toast each, jam, butter, tea and - what a pity - nescafe! We were craving for a cup of &quot;real&quot; coffee. Anyway, there was a kettle in the room which we didn't dare to use as it was all covered in lime/scale(?). The staff were friendly, check-in and check-out process were no problem. The location is really good I have to admit, it's only a few minutes walk to Marble Arch tube station. Our room was on the ground floor and it was a little bit noisy as it was facing the street and a pub opposite with a few English people having a pint too many. We booked the hotel via Active Hotel which rated the Hadleigh a 3-star - by far an exaggeration! I don't think I will stay there again and I will keep on looking for some nice and clean hotel that is both central, offers good value for money and features some kind of cosiness which the Hadleigh definitely is lacking.	
Dec 17 2003	Convenient Cosy 	The Hadleigh was a very pleasant place to spend time in London. It is very convenient to everything, has very enthusiastic, friendly staff and a quaint old world feel that is very &quot;London&quot;. The prices are very reasonable considering the facilities offered and the great location. Nothing is brand new but everything is clean and nice - and hey who goes to London for brand new anyway??? I would always choose to stay at the Hadleigh when travelling to London.	
Dec 9 2003	Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Hadleigh before reading the previous review and I have to say, I'm glad I did otherwise it may have put me off.My friend &amp; I found the hotel to be very clean and the decor was in good condition (no holes anywhere). The staff were both friendly and helpful - even when we pestered then with endless questions about our itinerary. We enjoyed our stay immensely and will definately be returning.	
Dec 30 2002	Dirty Hadleigh	On arrival at the hotel, the door was dirty and broken. Had to call the bell for a member of staff to open the door, after waiting 5 minutes in the rain! The carpet was torn and dirty and the staff was very unhelpful.Not a good start!On arrival in the room after messing around with the key for 10 minutes, the carpet was exactly the same, dirty and torn. The windows never worked and the curtains was also dirty and never closed properly.The bath room was OK. Nothing special but it was clean.Would never stay there again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Más de lo que me esperaba...(está en Londres)		
Nov 17 2008	Très décevant		
