Oct 25 2009 	Great stay	My daughter ( 13 years) and I booked a room for 1 night at this hotel.There was a little mistake about the booking, On the reservation I booked the night 23 to 24 oktober,and the hotel had 24 to 25 oktober. No problem they gave us another room.The room was perfect and clean and the food they served was great.You could eat as much as you want and it was of good standard ( we only had the breakfast, one time continental and one time English).The bus no 26 and 48 stopt just in front of the hotel ,so the trip to and back to Liverpoolstreet station was within 10 minutes.Next time I will book again this hotel.	
Oct 18 2009	Don't believe the bad reviews	This hotel might be a bit &quot;out in the sticks&quot;, but it is well worth a visit. The staff are very polite and helpful, the food is good, and the rooms are very comfortable and clean. It is about 30 minutes' driving time from Kings Cross, which will cost about £11 in a black cab. There is no smoking anywhere in the hotel, but some people didn't seem to understand! The centre of London is only a 40 minute bus ride away (if, like us, you don't like using the underground) for a cost of £2. Just catch a No. 55 to Oxford Street from opposite the hotel. If you want to splash out on a cab, try Addison Lee - they are excellent. They phone you when they are outside the hotel and tell you their car number so you're sure to get the right one. Look them up on the internet. I would certainly go back to this hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	Appalling Service - Really Terrible	I arrived at this hotel (which is in a less than nice area to say the least), and was quite impressed with how it looked. Very clean and new. That is the only good thing I have to say about this hotel however.I went in to reception and ended up waiting from 11:20pm to 11:45pm simply for the man on reception to appear so I could check in. The address on my check in documents was for someone in Leicester (I am from Leeds) and everything was totally wrong, but instead of finding the right document he simply demanded that I cross out the details that were there and write my own in instead.I then paid £20 (can you believe that) just to park my car for the night in their car park. When I got outside to my car there were two lit cigarrettes on it burning the paint. I appreciate this is not the hotels fault (although if they had been quicker to check me in it wouldn't have been there) but it does show the state of the area. The car park is round the back of the hotel and is accessed by a huge car lift, and I was told someone would come to open the lift doors for me straight away. I drove round the back and sat waiting for twenty minutes before, totally fed up, I stormed back in to reception and demanded someone come and open the door. I went back round and someone appeared about five minutes later. The room was a twin (I had ordered a double) and was a disabled room with just a shower and no bath. It was quite nice inside but the traffic noise was horrendous even with the windows closed. It was without doubt the noisiest room I have ever stopped in. I spoke to the manager in the morning but he wasn't really bothered, and even bordered on becoming confrontational. I would never ever stop here again. I have marked the service as one star because there is nothing lower allowed.	
Sep 20 2009 	How can I prove I paid for my stay??	Nothing bad to say about the room itself. The problem came when checking out. They denied the credit card I had made my booking with, (I don't know what I would have done if I had travelled alone!). When my friend gave his to the recepcionist, he didn't check it was actually his!: no ID o sign was required from him. Furthermore, he didn't give us any kind of paper so as to say we had paid. he just said everything was OK, and that we would receive an e-mail with such purpose (which, by the way, hasn't been received yet)A change in some members of the staff would be great!ONE ADVICE IN RELATION TO THE BREAKFAST: don't pay 10 pounds for it. In the same street of the hotel (hackney road) the are restaurants where you can get a much better one for 5 pounds	
Sep 8 2009 	For 'Shoreditch' read 'Hackney'	Not sure what the Trades Description Act would make of this hotel saying it's in Shoreditch - it's actually firmly in Hackney, and not a particularly salubrious part of Hackney at that. It's a good 30 minute walk from Old Street tube station, and not the easiest place to hail a taxi. That said, the hotel is modern and comfortable, and everything works. If you want to stay in Hackney, this would be a good choice - if you want to be in Central London you'd best go somethere else.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very nice hotel clean and comfortable	Recently stayed at the Days Inn only for one night and was a very nice hotel the room was clean and beds were comfortable, the room was also quite large when compared to shoe box hotels in central london. English Breakfast was also included in the price of the hotel which was also great value. The only downside to my stay was the room was facing the main road which had alot of traffic and trying to sleep was a little difficult.Although location seems a little far out from most of the attractions, as I needed to be around this part of london the location of the hotel was perfect for me. Also the hotel has a very cheap shuttle service which was great to use.Overall a great hotel with great service.	
Aug 26 2009 	A frustrating experience	This hotel was fine - clean, basic and cheap. My issue is that I booked a double room but when we arrived there were only twins left. My boyfriend and I were only staying for two nights so it seemed like quite a big deal but management were unhelpful and fobbed us off with the excuse that because the booking was made through a third party website there was nothing they could do, and no recompense they could offer apart from free broadband (I didn't have my laptop) or a free breakfast (which was already included in the deal). I thought this was a pretty poor excuse as the booking had been made well in advance and I felt it was sloppy and careless on the part of the hotel. We spent a very uncomfortable night and although they moved us to a double the next day I wouldn't stay there again. Unnecessarily stressful and annoying.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great value!	I got a great deal on this 3-star hotel for just $100 (CDN)/night. It is a modern and sleek hotel with comfortable, yet rather basic, rooms. A lot of other reviewers have complained about the neighbourhood. We didn't have any problems with it. The neighbourhood is working class, but it is not sketchy. And yes, it is not in the centre of London, but the tube is only a 10 minute walk. In fact, the restaurants surrounding the hotel are far more affordable than those found in the city centre, so we appreciated that.If you're able to get a deal on a room here, go for it! The city centre is too expensive and you will not get as good quality for your money.	
Aug 19 2009 	Poor location	Days Inn Shoreditch is located almost in Bethnal Green. It is far from a tube station in one of the less salubrious areas of London and therefore necessitates expensive taxi journeys at night, It was very noisy at night due to very thin walls between the rooms. One could hear one's neighbours speaking to each other.	
Aug 17 2009 	Worst hotel experience of my life!	Whilst this place has nice hotel rooms (clean and new), the location is dodgy and the reception staff are the most unbelievably unhelpful people. The service was absolutely terrible. I booked this hotel for my sick sister (25 years old, Australian) who had just moved to London but was feeling unwell. To allow her to recover, I booked this hotel because of the rave reviews - particularly around service. I wanted something clean and where the service was great. Needless to say I was so disappointed.Firstly, Hayley tried to get reception to find her a doctor. Sorry, you'll have to do that yourself. Then she was diagnosed with swine flu and needed tami-flu - requiring a courier. Sorry, you'll have to organise that yourself. Hayley then was 15 pounds short for the courier and asked if the hotel would put the charge on her room (she had her credit card as guarantee and was due to stay another couple of days) -sorry that is not possible. Hayley was then forced (mind you, she hadn't eaten in 4 days and was visibly unwell) to find an ATM that worked with her Australian card (which she couldn't).Hayley progressively got sicker and sicker. I called the emergency travel insurance hotline to ask for their help. The nurse tried to call her at the hotel and was told by the receptionist &quot;sorry, we have no guest under that name&quot;!!Hayley then asked for a bowl to have some soup and was told NO!!!! Hayley was only given a bowl (the size of a coffee cup) after asking how they suggested she eat if she has swine flu and cannot go to the restaurant.On top of all of this, I sent numerous emails to the hotel during her week stay to give them an opportunity to rectify the situation. No response.My family and I were so upset about how this hotel treated my very unwell sister. It is ok to have great service if you don't need anything but when you do... apparently they have no duty of care to you at all.	
Aug 16 2009 	Thankyou for a fantastic stay	I have just returned from a family wedding in London and myself and my 2 girls - 7 and 5, stayed here.It was their first stay in a hotel and they where very excited.We requested an early check in due to us all being bridesmaids - when we arrived the room wasn't ready but a room was found within 10 mins.The room was small but spotless and had kids TV which was a god send while I tried to get ready.While small the room was big enough for the 3 of us and had everything we needed.The staff where wonderful - attentive, polite and made a lovely fuss of the childen.We slept like logs - very quiet night. In the morning our light where not working and this was sorted out within 20 minsWe had a continental breakfast this morning which was lovely - my little one tried to eat every flavour of yogurt but only managed 3!So thank you every one - the girls felt very special staying in your hotel and mummy had a stress free weekend :)Highly recommended and we'll be comming back soon x	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent value for money	After reading a few reviews we were a bit sceptical on what the hotel would be like. It was very clean, friendly and welcoming. The area around the hotel is a bit run down but i didnt feel unsafe outside in the dark. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel 26 or 48 take you to liverpool street.It is also on a main road, our room was near the back of the hotel and was fairly quiet, not sure about the rooms on the front of the hotel tho.The food is very nice in the bistro and my little girl loved the tomato and basil soup.We had a problem with no lights in our room late at night after we returned to the hotel. They suggested we move rooms but at 10.30 at night with a 5 year old ready to go to bed, didnt seem the best option so we decided to stay where we were. Then the manager appeared with a desk light for us, not ideal but it was better than the dark!! The staff are friendly and welcoming and as the above proves try to accomodate the guests as much as they can.To anyone who reads a negative review about this hotel, i would say try it and you will be pleasantly surprised.Thank you for helping to make our stay in london so special.	
Jul 21 2009 	Good location and very reasonably priced	This hotel very much did its job. It is really easy to get to, on a main road, handy for transport links to central London and also for night life around Shoreditch and very reasonably priced. Rooms were clean and spacious, although the lighting is terrible. One tip would be to not open the window if you are in a room which faces the main road - opt for the air conditioning instead. We were a wee bit concerned that this hotel was in a bad area, but we all felt really safe. It is definitely more Hackney than Shoreditch though (and taxi drivers confirmed this).	
Jul 14 2009 	perfect overnight stay in London	booked through laterooms.com - was very good value! We were in such a convenient location to visit our son in Shoreditch.The rooms were very clean and tidy beds very comfy and it was peaceful and quiet!Will definitely return soon!	
Jul 11 2009 	clean and functional	Hotel is new and everything worked pretty much as expected. Room was a little on the small side, but well enough furnished. TV was good, good selection of towels in the bathroom (lots of hotels scrimp on this, and I've no idea why) and it passed the wooden coat hanger test. At 68 pounds (I booked through expedia) it's a bargain for central-ish London. At the rack rate, it might not be such a good deal. Just one thing though.... Shoreditch? I'd say it's a mile from there, and I doubt anyone living in the area would say it's Shoreditch. Area is slightly grotty, but I wouldn't regard that as a reason not to stay there, as it is convenient for many districts.	
Jul 7 2009 	Taking their customers for granted	I've stayed at the days hotel for a number of weeks and on the whole my experience had been reasonably pleasant - the rooms are nice and clean with air conditioning, although the walls are quite thin and you will probably experience noise from neighbours depending on how full the hotel is. I'd had to request to be moved on a number of occasions. Overall basic, but does the job.The buttons on the lift (elevator) need replacing, you need to press them several times before anything happens. Numerous times I've seen guests standing waiting for a lift which is never going to arrive! Sad that the staff don't appear to want to help.The tip of the iceburg came after making a weeks booking online through a popular booking website, sadly I was unable to check in on the sepecified date but didn't think that would be an issue. To my horror I arrived to be told that the hotel was full and I would be charged in full for a weeks stay, even though they were unable to provide me with a room. While I can appreciate the predicament of the staff, their attitude was simply &quot;tough luck&quot; which I didn't find at all helpful.I will NOT be recommending this hotel to anyone in the future.	
Jul 4 2009 	Try to book here you must be joking!	I have been trying to book a stay at this hotel for the past week. If the customer service I have encountered both at Central Reservations and the hotel itself is anything to go by then do yourself a favour and book elsewhere. Rude, Abrupt and unhelpful to the point of obstruction. Any potential solutions were dismissed and I have now taken my buisness to a rival operator who would do anything to help.Suggest you do the same.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great Stay at the Days Inn Shoreditch	We were looking for a nice budget hotel for our stay in London (our first stop before heading on to Paris, Munich, Athens and Rome.) We found it! The rooms were clean and cozy. We booked 2 standard rooms, with 1 twin room for my teenage sons. We were a little far from the tube station (LIverpool), but the bus stop was right across the street. The front office staff were very friendly and helpful. We especially enjoyed the full bar at the hotel. After a full day of sightseeing, it was nice to relax with a &quot;pint&quot; before retiring. There is a market across the street, a laundry and pizza place down the street. We had a great time and would recommend this hotel to our friends!	
Jun 24 2009 	what a fantastic break	we were visiting london to celebate our 25 anniversary and we couldent have found a better place to stay the room was very clean and the air con kept us nice and cool the staff were all very helpful and the breakfast was A1 i would defenatly stay again thankyou very much for making our break perfect debbie	
May 25 2009 	Was pleasantly suprised by the quality and cleanliness of the Hotel	I stayed here on a Business Trip with my company for two days from the 12th-14th May. I was very pleasantly suprised with the quality and cleanliness of the Hotel.To be honest i was not expecting much from a Days Inn but i did find this hotel better than most four stars hotels I have stayed at especially in London and even some abroad! Its probably as the Hotel is so new: I will definitely be recommending this to my manager when we are back for business trips to City of London.Staff were very friendly for a London hotel, lets hope they keep it up!	
May 14 2009 	just perfect	we stayed at the hotel at 11.may, very good staff (sorry for alarm call :-))) good room, very clean and fine bathroom, breakfast good, very comfortable :-) only light is little dark, location good bot so close to underground, but close to bus and to the centre	
Apr 23 2009 	Absolutely Amazing Time	What a great time I had staying here, only about half an hour to get from euston to bethnal green station so very conveinient. Only 10 mins walk from the central line (bethnal green) to the hotel. Trains every few minutes.Room was lovely, cleaned everyday, comfy bed, nice bathroom and decor. The lighting is a bit dark at first but soon brightens up. Wide range of TV chanels, hairdryer, shower gel/shampoo included in room, lift to all floors.Breakfast was excellent, chose from; cereals, fruit, pastries, toast, yoghurts. Or go for the hot breakfast; sausages, bacon, beans, fried egg, scrambled egg, waffles, potatoes, fried bread. Some items vary day to day.The hot breakfast will certainly fill you up untill late evening.The staff are friendly and helpful.The area isn't great but didn't see any crime, we heard a lot of sirens outside but of course this is London.100% recommended and will stay here again on my next visit.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice clean rooms but don't have breakfast and don't use the internet!	Good: New, modern rooms. Well cleaned, nice chamber maid. Safe garage. Location - bus takes 20 minutes to Oxford Street. just outside the hotel. Free Independent downstairs.Bad: Breakfast: £9.95 for Full English. A sign on the buffet tells you to only go once to the buffet. Very nice and inviting . . .The hot items my partner chose were cold. Complained and thought he'd get a new breakfast out of the kitchen. Instead he got given the same plate heated up in the microwave. Mmmhhh . . .Choice on the buffet is very poor. I had continental breakfast for £7.95. Only one kind of bread, one type of cheese, no sliced meats, no chocolate spread, fruit choices were whole apples or oranges. When asking for a boiled egg I got told they don't do boiled eggs.So it was £7.95 for a bowl of cereal. Reception: Overcharged me at first. In general seemed very annoyed whenever somebody asked a question about directions.Bar: drinks too expensiveInternet: What a rip off at £5 per hour! Should be free these days.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good value handy location - couple of problems though	Stayed here once before and liked it enough to book again. Location wise, it's not really in Shoreditch, about 30 mins walk. Tube station only 5 minutes walk away. Best part of the location is the Hackney city farm just down the road. Go here for breakfast or lunch - it's great! Also Columbia Road flower market on Sunday morning is a must visit 5 minutes walk away. Very close to Brick lane too (30 mins walk).Hotel is of an overall good standard. However, both mornings of our weekend stay a maid knocked on our door at 9am to ask if she could clean the room. I would recommend putting the 'do not disturb' sign on your door before you go to bed each night. We had a corner room very close to the lift and could hear the ringing bell noise constantly going all night, which got very annoying. Despite these minor things I would stay here again.The hotel has a secure underground car park which cost £20 per night.	
Apr 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I stayed in this hotel while attending a Paolo Nutini Gig. My friend and I were very happy with the service we recieved, the hotel reception staff were very welcoming and we arrived too early yet they let us have a room, instead of us having to wait for a few hours. The room was spotlessly clean, it was basic yet very modern.  It was so clean and we were very impressed overall. It had nice fresh, fluffy towels and dove soap, which is better than normal bland smelling hotel soap. The shower was good as it was a power shower and had various settings. The staff serving/assisting with breakfast in the morning were also very pleasant and the breakfast itself was amazing. The overall atmosphere and ambience in the hotel was rather homely and welcoming. Overall this was good quality and well worth the money, the staff were very accomodating and that is always a bonus :) Regards,Paula L Nicol	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	There is not one thing I could fault about this hotel. Many reviews here say it takes 15 minutes to get the the hotel, but it's no more than a 6-7 minute walk. Granted its in a slightly rundown area but the nearby small shops are cheery and friendly. The hotel itself is spotlessly clean and very sparkly, we were pleasantly surprised! Through a third-party booking site we got the room for €50, including continental breakfast!Our room was large and again spotlessly clean, very nicely decorated and fresh. The bathroom was a joy and the shower is beautiful. We had tea/coffee/hot chocolate in the room, an iron and ironing board and a hairdryer. You're welcomed by name on the flatscreen TV when you come in and there is a wide choice of channels. The staff are super friendly and the hotel is quiet.The breakfast was great, we got inclusive continental breakfast - yogurts, toast, danish pastries, croissants, variety of cereals, cheese, jam, orange juice and tea/coffee. My partner got a cooked breakfast and this cost only 4 pounds! There's internet in the rooms and in the lobby. Would recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
Feb 19 2009 	Good hotel in a dodgy neighbourhood	We couldn't find any real fault with this hotel other than the its location.....it's not even near Shoreditch, its bewteen Bethnal Green &amp; Hackney.  The hotel itself is very good. Reception staff on arrival courteous and efficient...same on departure. Rooms (we had 2 interconnecting) were better than basic, they were clean, comfortable and well presented, but a bit on the small side.Concering the location of the hotel, it's about a 5 minute stroll from Cambridge Heath railway station (exit the station and turn left under the bridge) onto Hackney Road. We arrived in daylight ......I recommend that all guests should. When we returned later that night after being to a show in the West End, we did so by black taxi. Incidently Cambridge Heath has a very good service (every 15 minutes) to/from Liverpool Street...I'd only do so in daylight.Our rooms were located to the front of the Hotel facing the aforementioned Hackney Road which is a very busy road 24 hours a day with cars, buses, truck with plenty of police &amp; ambulance sirens thrown in for good measure too. I think our rooms were double glazed.......should have been triple glazed !!!!!I'd be happy to recommend this hotel as a base for short stay in London, but I'd have serious reservations about it's location and the surrounding area.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good value for money	I would recommend staying here if you want a clean, straightforward, very reasonably priced hotel with decent service. If you are looking for somewhere with a bit of character then I would advise you to go elsewhere. The hotel is fairly new and the fixtures and fittings were all in great condition, however a couple of things seemed to have been overlooked in the design. Our room had a connecting door to another, which despite being secure was not well sound proofed at all and you could hear the conversation of the people in the adjoining room. The lighting in our room was awful; the lamps above the bed gave out a dim, cold blue light and I had to go out into the corridor to apply my make up as all the lights in the room were either badly positioned or too dim.	
Feb 3 2009 	Hidden gem! Clean comfortable hotel just outside the city centre.	We just came back from spending a week at the Days Hotel Shoreditch in London and we couldn't have been happier. We've stayed at more expensive, centrally located hotels that didn't come anywhere near to the quality this hotel. The room was a decent size, as was the bathroom. The bed was comfortable, the maid service was attentive. We brought a laptop and paid £20 for the week for high-speed internet access (a little steep, but given the price of the room, it was hard to complain). It was just a 10 minute walk to a tube station, which meant that a trip downtown took about 25 minutes. The hotel itself is in a neat area -- a real neighbourhood, not at all touristy.Given the price, location, and overall quality of this hotel I would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 2 2009 	Awful! not a nice place at all	Well where to start? The hotel is in top condition, the room was very well designed and the interior was very nice. However the lighting is extremely weird as there are only blue little spot lights so this makes the room very dark. There was a fire bell at 5:30 in the morning so we walked down stairs and there was no hotel staff to meet us so me and a few other guests just went back to bed. You think after waking us up at that time in the morning they would be apologetic and maybe do something nice, but no there was no apology. They say you get a breakfast but that breakfast is cereal or toast and you have to pay £5 each for a cooked breakfast!! Dont get me started on the area as you will fear for your life walking down the street, i was only there for one night and saw a guy putting a knife back into his pocket! It really isnt in a nice area, would never go back to this hotel, in the middle of nowhere even though travel republic said it was only 6 miles for o2 centre. I booked this hotel as was going to see a concert i was thinking about booking another hotel when i saw this one, its a shame because its quite updated nice lobby, flat screen televisions and a nice room, however rude staff who struggle to speak English and the area made this a stay to forget. I strongly recommend you not to go to this hotel, i dont like giving bad reviews but this one has no excuses.	
Jan 9 2009 	Excellent Value	This hotel, as a hotel, is amazing value considering it is within walking distance of the City (30 min walk). I have stayed in 5* hotels across the globe and have always known European, and particularly London, hotels to be at the lower end of the scale. But this hotel is a genuine surprise. The key thing in a hotel is the cleanliness of the room - this was above average. Bathroom was fine and the room made up well every day.Restaurant food is not great, but this has to be put into context - considering the price this too was above average.For a 3* this hotel is recommended. Excellent value for money. Staff are friendly and helpful enough. Free paper etc is a good touch for a 3*.Negatives - the area (ensure your expectations re. this are realistic - this is London's East End, and not really the trendiest part!)	
Dec 20 2008 	Very good value	This is a good hotel. My experience was quite different from the previous reviewer's: The hotel is new and clean, the twin room was not huge but OK in terms of size, the beds were actually quite comforable, and the bathroom was spotless. Also, the hot water was definitely there... The noise from the street was not a major nuisance -- maybe because we were very tired. The breakfast was not great but acceptable. The only major complaint was the wireless, which was a whopping 10 GBP per 24 hours. But again, this is the UK for you...The area is evidently not the best but that's what you should expect in East London, and it does show you the flavour -- which you may not be aware of if you stay more centrally. But the hotel was entirely adequate, and very good value indeed.(BTW, the hotel isn't really in Shoreditch but a little bit further north. You need to get either to Bethnal Green tube station -- 10 mins walking, so far form perfect -- or take the bus, which your daily travelcard of course covers, no need to pay extra, or -- most conveniently, especially if you arrive at Liverpool Street, as was our case -- take the train to Cambridge Heath, which is just around the corner.)If you know all of this in advance (and you can find all of this info using reviews and Google), you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 11 2008	Do Not Stay Here	DO NOT STAY HERE if you want a comfortable bed, clean room, and hot water. The pictures make the room look like it is very nice. if you look at the traveler photos the beds look plush by the way the blanket is tucked in at the end of the bed. I was so excited when i walked in the room thinking the bed looked great. when you pull the blanket off you realize the mattress is horrible and you feel the springs when you lay on it. They say the hotel is new but the rooms were dirty. the bottom of the shower was filthy so bring shower shoes. the walls were dirty. the blankets had stains on them. this hotel is not a flea bag and is better than some but people give this hotel great reviews and i would never tell anyone to stay here. the water in the shower is both cold at night and during the day. i asked other hotel guests and they confirmed. also this hotel is on a busy street so its noisey if you get a room on the street. the lobby is nice looking. this hotel is not ideal for a short stay or for families as its not near a subway stop. you must walk and the neighborhood is not very good. you can also take a 10-15minute bus. but after up pay for a subway ticket for visiting the sites who wants to pay for the bus. the price is attractive but is not a good location and you wont get the rest you are looking for here. plus after a cold day in london there is nothing worse than a cold shower. if you must stay here book online as its only 65pounds from the hotel directly. if you walk in its 105pounds. i would stay at a novotel or ibis(accorhotels) before i would ever think about staying here.	
Dec 4 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Had an excellent experience here in August, hotel very high standards, big room and very clean. Breakfast was nice enough, only complaint would be location. Not quite sure this is in Shoreditch although is only a short journey from bus stop across the road into centre. Further along Hackney Road there is a farm which is worth a look. London is a great place and we would stay here again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Hotel.	Had a fantastic three days in London. Days Inn Hotel is a bit out of the way but we got tube from Kings Cross to Liverpool St. Station then tube to Bethnal Green. Hotel is short walk approx. 10 mins from tube station. Bus stops outside Hotel to Liverpool St.Station, tube will then take you to Oxford Circus,Hyde Park Regents street etc. Would recommend you buy a travelcard at Kings Cross for length of time you are stayin, you can use on tube and bus, works out a lot cheaper. The Hotel is immaculate, food very nice, the rooms are quite spacious , even though we had a kingsize bed and single bed for my grandaughter we had plenty of room. We will definiteley stay there again. Staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 11 2008 	Excellent online prepay deals	Hotels in London are not cheap, and general service and standard always seem poor. The Days Inn, is quite a new hotel located in Cambridge Heath on the Hackney Road. Its a few minutes on the bus to Liverpool Street. There is no close by tube, but the buses are every couple of minutes including a night bus.The room was spotless and in top order. The low energy lighting took a little getting used to as the room seemed to start off quite dim.Very comfy bed and air conditioning in good working order. Iron and ironing board provided in the room with LCD TV, Internet and network port. Breakfast included, and was very good no complaints. The staff were polite and helpfull and really there was nothing more we could of needed or wanted.Excellent and will be looking out for the deals online at travel agent websites, as these dont get listed on Days.	
Oct 22 2008 	Not in Shoreditch in Cambridge Heath	This is a very clean, smart and comfortable modern hotel just east of central London (in Cambridge Heath / Bethnal Green, not Shoreditch as it says on the label). I had a standard double room which I booked for £53 p.n. via Hotel Click, which I think was excellent value even given that it's outside the central area. Comfortable bed &amp; room, helpful staff, and very acceptable (if slightly slow) food in the bar/restaurant. The 'bath' that's shown in the pictures is only half or 3/4 size - not really enough room to have a proper bath unless you are quite small. Bethnal Green tube station is about a 10min walk away but there are buses to Oxford Circus etc stopping just outside the hotel and Cambridge Heath station is on the corner 5mins away (connects to Liverpool St).	
Sep 15 2008 	comfortable but confusing location	My mother and I had the sad business of attending the funeral of my uncle who lived in a nearby nursing home, so chose this hotel as it was nearby. My entire family were born and raised in the area, and most of us have moved away, but we still know the area very well, so were surprised to find the hotel being classed as SHOREDITCH, as it is actually in Bethnal Green, near the boundary with Hackney, and very close to Cambridge Heath Railway station Which made me wonder are hotels now doing a Ryanair style description of their locations?, such as PARIS (Beauvais) or GLASGOW (Prestwick) as Shoreditch is a good mile away or so from this hotel! Location wise, the hotel is only about 10 to 15 minutes walk from Bethnal Green tube station and only just around the corner from Cambridge Heath railway station, both are the next stop down from Liverpool street, on the central line, and national railway respectively. The is a bus stop outside the hotel, served by several bus routes.Although the stay was comfortable, I did think that the hotel was expensive for what you got, as the rack rate of £125 a night without breakfast is pretty steep, and although free newspapers were in the foyer, everything else was pretty standard, and just one step up from a TRAVELODGE really. My main gripe was, none of the staff we spoke to were actually British, let alone English and were mostly eastern Europeans, and actually had trouble understanding our (local) east London accents, and we had to repeat ourselves several times in most cases. They were however, very sympathetic when hearing that we were there to attend a funeral. We had a meal in the hotel on the first night, which was very nice, but when we asked if we could charge it to the room, the waiter very helpfully checked with the reception staff, came back and said that we could do this, but would need to register a credit card with them, and he went and told the man on reception that we were going to do this. When we got there, he did not seem to understand, did not really listen and told us to go to the bar, and pay there, the barman did not seem to understand either, and thought we wanted to set up a bar tab! In the end the rather embarrassed waiter intervened and let us pay by credit card via his PDQ machine directly. None of this was his fault, and he did the best he could to ease the embarrassment! The next evening, we ate there again and found the waiter was on hand straight away when it came to paying the bill, presenting us with the card reader, so we would not have anymore commotion like we had the previous night!All in all, not a bad stay but there could be a few improvements, as I got the impression that I had just paid CROWNE PLAZA prices, for just above TRAVELODGE facilities........	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Hotel for London	Have just returned from London after a 12 night stay at this hotel.My husband and I had been touring Europe for a a little over a month and it was now time to see our daughter who is living in Bethnal Green a short walk from the hotel which prompted our choice. After a cab ride from Paddington Station we were greeted by a very modern newly built hotel. Having only just opened in May it was still pristine and spotlessly clean. Reception staff were very friendly and helpful and within minutes we were in our 2nd floor room which was really quite big. I don't kknow why other reviewers have said the rooms are small because we were more than pleased with not only the size but how workable the room was. Bathroom was excellent with a lovely shower and all amenities supplied. Coffee and tea and biscuits were also supplied and the towels were large and thick.The bed was super comfortable and although the hotel was very busy and on our first night thought there was no way we would get any sleep, didn;t hear a thing and this was the norm for the rest of our stay. Must mention curtains also close to the point there was no sign of daylight in the morning. A plus for my husband who has to have complete silence and darkness to sleep. We chose the continental breakfast which was more than adequate for our needs. An extra 4pound was needed for the full English Breakfast but after one morning decided we didn't need it as the continental was perfect. There was yoghurt, cereal, toast will all condiments and danish pastries. Reception staff were a bit patchy but generally any questions, wants or needs were met very efficiently. The maitre'd in the restaurant was exceptional. One problem they seem to have are their lifts. Most of our 12 night stay one of the lifts was out of order so there was always congestion at the one remaining lift.All in all we had an wonderful stay and with the bus stop right outside their door which got you to practically all of London or at least Liverpool Street Station to catch the tube, the hotel is in an excellent position and given the price and believe me I did my research prior to booking it is the perfect choice for London tourists. Any future trips to London this will be our hotel of choice regardless of whether our daughter is still living in the area.	
Jul 25 2008 	Nice stay	Hotel Room clean, large, nice with flat screen TV. Bath room spacious as new. Reception quite courteous and helpful. Breakfast horrible, don’t count on their breakfast if you want to eat properly, badly inadequate. Coffee cold, I don’t know who had that stupid idea to get you to use coffee from thermos. Hotel location not bad as catching a bus in front is quite easy. Overall experience quite good except for the breakfast.	
Jul 24 2008 	Be Prepared	Staying at this hotel may be a good choice - it is as other reviewers have stated, both new built with pleasant rooms, and very cheap for London.However you should &quot;Be Prepared&quot;, for two factors1/ There is no close tube so have a map, or get a cab2/ The staff are nowhere near as up together as the building.They were not unpleasant (I mean they were not rude, but also not consistently helpful either) but they did not know what was going on, were confused as to how things worked, had no communication between each other Thus What should have been straightforward and pleasant - getting some food in my room, turned into a one and half hour menace, accumulating in someone waking me up at 00:15 am to sign a bill because between them they had messed up earlier. It was disappointing being told the kitchen was open and decided on a meal to end up with the sandwich and crisps that was all they could offer. And several phone calls and a trip to reception were required.There were other little things, not finding my reservation for 10 minutes, not understanding how my payment would work, and not having the advertised take-away breakfast that illustrated the problems a little more.I certainly was not as relaxed and refreshed for my meeting the next day as I would have hoped.So, stay there if it suits you, but factor in that the staff may not know what is going on, may mess up a bit and may waste your time a bit (in a pleasant but confused manner)So 2 out of 5 seems fair - &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot;	
Jul 15 2008 	Excellent experience	We arrived very early in the morning after a 23 hour flight and the employees did all they could to expedite out room avaliablity. Staff was very helpful. Very clean accomodations.This hotel is so new most of the taxi drivers didn't believe it was there. Very conveninet to buses.	
Jul 4 2008 	Would stay again	We had a two night stay in a &quot;triple&quot; room, actually 3rd bed was a mattress on the floor, but as the rooms are a decent size it didn't matter. Very good staff and clean rooms! Excellent links by bus just outside the hotel to westend or Liverpool St. Station. Area is respectable as well.	
Jul 3 2008 	OK	This hotel had its ups and downs. The rooms were good enough, and usually clean, though on the small side. There was a nice flat screen TV, but our room, which was supposed to consist of a double and single bed, turned out to be a double and a cot with a blanket that smelled strongly like feet. The shower was way too small, so small in fact that the shower curtain would stick to you when you shower. The location is another bad part of it. I would not feel safe walking here at night, as the surrounding houses and bulidings are run down and the residential buildings seem like government housing to me. It is not that easily accessible by tube either. I am giving it 3 stars because the staff was nice enough and the price was great. I wouldn't stay here again, though.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great for the money	It was in fact new, the location was pretty convenient for the London area, very close to the tube (about a 10 minute bus ride). The room was clean, they did fumigate one day without any notification, stunk up the place for a few days. There is 115vac availible in the bathroom for US made electrical devices. The continental breakfast came with the room, £2 extra for the hot meal which consisted of poached eggs, fried ham, toast, potato, beans and sausage, the menu never changed for breakfast which got a little boring. The staff is not quite the service oriented type you are accustomed to in the states, but they did what they could were friendly and polite. The day we left the lift (elevator) didn't work so we had to lug our luggage down three and four flights of stairs, what fun that was. I would recommend a room off the main road as you can hear the traffic, we were third and fouth floor main street side. I would stay there again. I gave it above average due to the site being new.	
Jun 12 2008	What a Nice Way to Start This Trip!	Went on an EF tour with my school, and us 20-somethings were all a little frightened of what EF would subject us to.HOWEVER, to our pleasant surprise this hotel was AMAZING. Considering I was bunked with two other girls, we had a comfortable and pleasing stay! With a fancy, comfortable bar/breakfast/lobby area downstairs, ELEVATORS [be grateful, not all hotels have these in the UK], and close to the Underground...it was awesome for us.The rooms and bathrooms were spotless and cleaned everyday. The beds were heaven, I swear if the comforter would have fit into my luggage I would have taken it! ;)I recommend this hotel for students traveling abroad, couples, singles and ANYONE staying in London. I MISS THIS HOTEL and the surrounding neighborhood.	
May 30 2008 	Great Value for London	Hotel is shiny and new and has good size rooms by London standards. Bed linen and towels are a little scratchy but for the price I don't think you could do better. 10-15 minute walk to Bethnal Green tube with fast central line service into London. Staff are indeed a little under trained but relatively helpful. Continental breakfast pretty standard, full english also fine but have another rasher of bacon rather than the sausages! All in all, comfortable and great value for money.	
May 23 2008	Worst 2 nights in a hotel ever	Stayed for 2 nights, on the first the night staff on two seperate occassions let strange men into our room leaving my partner very distressed the staff said IT WAS BECAUSE THE WERE ALSO CALLED WILLIAMS.On the second night a fault in the fire alarm left us standing in the street for over 45 mins.Also if you buy a drink at the bar they charge you 10% service charge for the privilage of fetching your own drink??	
May 23 2008 	Fantastic value	Having found Days Hotel Shoreditch excellent value when we first visited (we were the very first cusomers a few months ago) It speaks for itself when I tell you that we chose to stay there again. We found the service even better and the rooms are excellently appointed, the restaurant has a good menue with food freshly cooked. The breakfast is continental or for a small price of £2.00 a full English breakfast will keep you going for most of the day! The staff are attentive and pleasant, they all try very hard (but inevitably there are small language problems, this being London where very few people have English as their first language).The owner of the hotel is on hand should you have any problems, he will bend over backwards to see that you are satisfied. (I mentioned to him that the small plants in the restauant needed watering, 5 minutes later someone was watering all the plants!)Getting into the city is straight forward, across the road outside the hotel you will find a bus stop, take the number 48 bus (which passes every 10 minutes or so) for the Liverpool Street station area from where you can make your way on the underground for every part of central London. The whole journey is 15 minutes and the cost small, buy a travel pass - its cheaper and makes life for the traveller much easier and quicker. We chose the Oyster pass because we were only staying 4 days. Dont miss the restaurants and pubs which are near to the hotel, turn right from the hotel walk about 200 yards, you will find a City Farm on the right (its a real farm with real hens, cows etc used to show city people that milk and eggs are not made in supermarkets!). Turn right at the farm, walk a further 200 yards, over the canal and you will come to a village type community which is unusual in the city of London! On Saturdays the area has an outdoor market. Sunday lunch near the canal a real treat. Obviously when in a market area take care, you are best in groups of at least two or three. We had no problems nor did we see any, the atmosphere was lively and everyone seemed to be having a good time.	
May 21 2008 	Very recommendable	My colleague and I stayed at the hotel for 5 days. We were in London as turists from Denmark and needed a place to stay as a base for our sightseeing. We cheked in without problems early in the morning even though our room wasn´t available before 2 pm. The staff kindly kept our luggage in a locked up room until later the same day.The room was/is very nice, clean, quiet and with aircondition. The beds are very comfortable. New clean towels every day. The rest of the facilities at the hotel are very good and the staff is very friendly. The continental breakfast is fine with two kinds of toast, different marmelades, cheese and tea/coffeeVery good value for money.	
May 18 2008 	Awful!!	The hotel is new and therefore in very good condition. The lifts are annoying as a loud voice always says &quot;door opening, door closing&quot; which I can imagine must be hearable in the rooms next to the lifts. The rooms are clean and modern, but no safe available in the room (only at the reception). The light in the room is very poor, especially for ladies a disadvantage.The hotel is a non-smoking hotel... and I am a smoker. No ashtray was provided in front of the hotel entrance, so there were many cigarette ends on the floor. The hotel staff is really incompetent and not coordinated (night and dayshift), we received different information. Anyway, I arrived together with my boyfriend and informed the check-in staff, that I stay 2 night in a double and afterwards 2 nights in a single as I had to stay longer for business, so I had 2 reservations. The lady at the check-in told me it's no problem, I can keep the same room. When my boyfriend left I asked for a new key card and then the lady at the check-in (another person) suddenly told me that I can't keep the room as the room is assigned to another guest. During she worked on our request - my boyfriend needed to reach his flight and couldn't access our room as she deactivated it (check-out) - and the lady started to answer telephone calls instead of completing our request. Then she asked every colleague who passed how he feels. This was really an unacceptable behaviour. At the end it took 30 minutes till I get the new card and it turned out that I myself was the other guest who blocked the room. The continental breakfast is very poor. Only packed jam, butter and flakes. They also provide hot breakfast for a supplement. One day I wanted to take a bread roll and a lady came and told me that I must not take the bread roll as it belongs to hot breakfast and I didn't pay for it. I asked her where I should put the butter and jam if I am not allowed to take a breadroll. A colleague of her standing behind her said I can take the bread roll and the other said no. It was an embarrassing situation for me in front of all guests. At the end I was allowed to take the bread roll.On sunday there were crowds of people (about 20-30) waiting at the entrance of the breakfast area. And also crowds of people were waiting for the lifts, most of them took the stairway as it sometimes took 10 minutes till the lift came and then it was full.The location of the hotel is also bad. To the tube station it takes approx. 15 minutes on foot. A bus leaves directly opposite of the hotel, but it takes approx. 30- 60 minutes to Oxford Circus by bus. The area around the hotel is also not very attractive.The hotel is only suitable for low budget tourists who have modest expectations	
May 11 2008 	Squeaky Clean - Well Finished - Attentive Staff - Good Value	Great hotel. Stayed here twice during April and May. Paid around GB£50-70 a night for the room with continental breakfast.On each stay, we enjoyed a comfortable, good quality bed, and the rooms were immaculate and well serviced during our visits.Unfortunately, the hotel doesn't have the best travel connections with poor links to the Tube network. The nearest Tube station is Bethnal Green which is some distance away. However, there are frequent buses (every 12 mins) to Liverpool St (Nos 26 and 48).We upgraded from a Continental Breakfast to a Full English Buffet Breakfast for GB£2.20 each. Very good value for money, and the food was wholesome if, perhaps, the sausages weren't the finest quality!Check-out is slightly too early at 11am. Noon would have been better.There are convenience stores nearby for cigs and toiletries.Hackney Road (onto which the hotel fronts) is quite busy. Cop cars and ambulances wail up and down into the early hours. The double glazing only cuts out so much traffic noise. So, where possible, try to stay at the back of the hotel, in the rooms overlooking Coate Street which has little to no traffic.	
May 6 2008 	BARGAIN	I managed to book a twin room for two nights for two people with continental breakfast for €101 for everything. As a result I didnt know what to expect from the hotel.The hotel is less than a month old. Lovely layout, open bar, restaurant, check in. The rooms are very comfortable and serve all the needs of somebody looking to rest and use it as a base point for visiting London. The location is very good too. It is in a rough looking area but we did not have any trouble at all. There are 2 buses running every 10minutes from literally across the road going into London Bridge and/or Liverpool St Station taking all of 5minutes to get there. A taxi from Liverpool St Station cost us £7.I read a review on this hotel where a person critises most of what the hotel offers. We found no problems except freeview tv did not work on the bedroom tv so the manager gave us unlimited access to pay-per-view tv. Seeing as the room was only being used as a base for visiting London this suited fine and this is the only reason I am not giving this a 5 star rating.All in all, very well located, clean, modern, comfortable, functional, friendly, feasible hotel. I would happily recommend to a friend.	
Apr 12 2008 	Incompitent staff facitilities advertised do not exist	The hotel itself has been nicely built and finished however it is a bit of a rough area. However don't expect to get all of the facilities shown when you book through DaysInn.com. I got a workspace room which was supposed to have free internet access, a microwave, fridge, laptop safe and desk extra for my extra £10 per night. I just got the desk and they tried to charge me £5 per hour for internet access. I ended up having to hang over their reception desk showing them the website to prove that they were supposed to be providing me with these facilities. Their excuse is that they are a new hotel. If that is the case perhaps they shouldn't have opened yet. They did eventually give me the free internet access, but I would rather have not gone through the stress.I had an employee also coming to two nights with his wife from Germany so I was going to pay for his first night and he was to pay for the second night because he was going to stay over the weekend. The hotel charged for my two nights and his first night and then proceeded to charge him for the night that I had already paid for when he checked out on the following day, even though he insisted that I had already paid. The morning that I checked out the lady on reception Printed the wrong bill (i.e somebody else) and insisted that put my pin number into the card terminal even though I pointed out that it was only showing 1 pound on the screen. Of course it failed. It took half an hour to get checked out of the hotel which again put me in danger of being late for my meeting. The lady on the checkout didn't seem to have a clue what she was doing.If you have a room close to the lifts then please be aware that you will be subjected to a loud bell ringing every time the lift stops and a voice saying &quot;opening doors&quot;, &quot;closing doors&quot;. This can be really anoying when this wakes you up in the early hours of the morning.The hotel televsion system doesn't work. You can not view your bill, set a wake up call and the pay movies show, but you can not select any of them.I tried to organise a wake up call on the first morning of may stay, but it never happened, which meant I had to get a taxi to my meeting in the city as I didn't have the time to walk the half mile to the tube station at Bethnal Green. The wake up call eventually happened on my second night even through I hadn't asked for it.	
Apr 10 2008 	A bargain	Booked through hotelsclick.com. Got double room for 55£.Simply a bargain for this modern brand new hotel in a brand new building, whith friendly and service-minded staff.Will go back there next time i'm in London.	
Apr 7 2008	This is the best branded hotel in London.	Superb hotel providing excellent rooms and facilities for £79, is only about a mile from Liverpool St Station in Shoreditch. I was one of the first customers to ever check in and staff were really nice and friendly and helpful.	
Oct 7 2009 	Increible calidad en Londres		
Sep 30 2009 	buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Sep 29 2009	?????????????????????????		
Sep 15 2009 	Consigliato qualità/prezzo - fermata del bus di fronte		
Sep 7 2009 	Hotel pulitissimo. Consigliato !!		
Jul 17 2009	super Preis/Leistung		
Apr 29 2009 	Basico y economico		
Apr 26 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Apr 19 2009 	Está lejísimos del centro		
Apr 14 2009 	Andate tranquilli !!!!		
Apr 14 2009	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
Mar 29 2009 	Tres bon rapport/qualité prix		
Mar 5 2009 	Hotel trés propre et moderne		
Jan 20 2009 	Lo recomiendo !!!		
Dec 28 2008 	Un pied à terre ideal pour découvrir Londres		
Oct 16 2008 	Che bello il Days Hotel....		
Oct 14 2008 	Excelente hotel pero alejado del centro		
Sep 16 2008 	Bueno en general		
Jul 18 2008 	buon compromesso		
Jun 19 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Jun 11 2008 	Cómodo bien comunicado con buses y sobre todo a estrenar y eso es importante.		
May 27 2008 	Hotel nuevo y confortable		
