Aug 16 2007 	Nice stay	Small rooms with en suite bath, clean, helpful management, close to bus and tube, restaurant, free British breakfast, in interesting neighborhood. If you don't need upscale, this is a find!	
Feb 23 2007	Clean inexpensive B	(This property was not listed on TripAdvisor.com. Information is:Foubert's Hotel2 Turnham Green TerraceLondon, W4 1QP[--][--]The hotel has recently remodeled and moved its primary entrance around the corner. It was previously at 162-166 Chiswick High Road.)Foubert's hotel was a lucky find for us, located in the heart of Chiswick, near family we were visiting. The nearest chain hotels to this area are in Hammersmith, which is a reasonably inconvenient distance away. With the exchange rate, most London chain hotels are terribly expensive for Americans at the moment, so Foubert's rate of £69 for a queen size room, including breakfast, was a great find!The hotel was recently remodeled and significantly downsized. They sold off the building next door, on Chiswick High Street, so there are now only 6 rooms in the hotel. They're laid out as 2 rooms per floor, with one bathroom shared between each 2, connected by a private hallway. There was nobody staying in the other room on our floor, so we had the bathroom to ourselves.One note: Since the original hotel desk was in the building that they sold off, they're doing room check-in for now at the Cafe counter. That's a little confusing, and it took us awhile to figure it out, since the doorway labeled for the hotel is locked and nobody answers it if you knock. You check in with the staff located in the cafe area, and your keyring will include a key for the hotel door, which leads directly to the hallway &amp; stairs going to the rooms.CLEANLINESS:The room was meticulously cleaned and straightened every day by the staff. If anything, they were perhaps too diligent about cleaning and sanitizing the bathroom. The smell of cleaning products in the bathroom when we first arrived, and mid-day each day, was almost overpowering. But at least we knew it was sanitary!ROOM:The room had a typical European queen sized bed, and was a bit hard, but generally comfortable. They provided an assortment of down and synthetic pillows, and several layers of blankets for the bed. The room's window was a bit drafty if the curtains were open, and we overlooked an alleyway behind several pubs on the High Street, so Saturday night was a bit loud until about 2 AM. Otherwise, we slept fine. The room had an alarm clock and several chairs, and was generally modest but spacious.FOOD:The hotel provides a complimentary breakfast in the cafe downstairs at street level. They had a menu of items changed daily, but it was generally standard European breakfast fare. Toast and eggs, croissant with marmalade, etc... In the afternoons and evenings, the cafe's Gelateria is also open, with a sizeable variety of Italian Gelato to choose from.Locally, there are a number of restaurants within easy walking distance, and several that are open until very late -- 5 AM in some cases. The Indian restaurant on the High Street, and the Lebanese take-away restaurant on Turnham Green Terrace were both excellent!TRANSPORTATION:This is perhaps the best part of this hotel's location! They're about 200 yards from the Turnham Green underground station, served by the District Line at all times, and the Piccadilly Line during early morning and late evening hours. There's also about 6 major bus routes that run down the High Street, so rapid access to just about anywhere on the west side of London is no problem. Access to Heathrow Airport and Kew Gardens is especially easy.PARKING:None to speak of... Take public transportation if you can, because you'll be fighting for street parking with the rest of London otherwise.Overall, this was a pleasant surprise for an independent, budget hotel in London. Don't expect luxury, or the personal attention of a dedicated B&amp;B, but if all you need is a clean and comfortable place to stay, a decent breakfast, and a very reasonable rate, then Foubert's is worthy of consideration.	
