Aug 24 2009 	Small hot and a few things to be desired	We were met on arrival by a very friendly and helpful host who showed us to our very smallroom to the front of the hotel. The room was extremely hot - the window onto the street could be slid open and held up by a foot long piece of wood (Health and Safety experts eat yer heart out!!) but could obviously not be left open for ventilation either when out of the room or overnight for security reasons. A small desk fan offered alittle help but we still had a v uncomfortable night. Nice flat screen TV with a good choice of programs. Breakfast was choatic - a full house all turning out at the same time with the v cramped dining room unable to cope resulting in a 20 minute wait for a 60cm x 60cm table which soon became the site of a feat of balancing to get cups, plates, sideplates, juice glasses and condiments on at the same time!A convenient location for some stations and sites, a friendly and helpful staff but..............quite expensive for a very small hot room (with a 'grubby in the corners' shower room/WC. A small cooked breakfast in cramped conditions where one may feel rushed or neglected (depending on whether you are overlooked by those waiting or doing the waiting). WiFi at £2.40 per hour and no in room tea/coffee making facility (in a 3star hotel??). Has an expensive vending machine in the dining room any bearing on this?On the whole.......................give somewhere else a chance - large chains are bringing down their prices!	
Aug 14 2009 	Very small rooms	I stayed at the Melita house in Jun which was my first trip to London so I dont have a comparison. The hotel was very clean, it was very well located only a short walk to Victoria station. The WIFI didnt work on my phone but they did try really hard to sort that out. The room I had was very very small. I have 2 more trips to London over the next few weeks so I will try other hotels for a compairson.	
Aug 12 2009 	Not luxurious but cozy and with a great staff	We had many problems in finding a decent hotel in London which had a great location, were clean, comfortable and not quite expensive. We finally decided to book two rooms at Melita House Hotel and it was the best thing we could do considering our budget. We stayed there 18 days and stayed in three different rooms in the whole period.The hotel is in a peaceful, charming and silent street at Pimlico, a pretty nice neighborhood in London, quite near to Victoria Station and a walking distance from major touristic attractions such as the Buckingham palace, the Westminster Abbey and the Westminster Catholic Cathedral, as well as Tate Britain and shows such as 'Billy Elliot' and 'Wicked'. Besides, buying an Oyster pass you will virtually be anywhere, since Bus line 24 passes by the hotel and it taks you to Trafalgar Square, British Museum, Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station, just to mention a few places. we had no problems at all to take places from the hotel.The rooms are not very big - but I have seen smaller ones and, well, who cares to that when you have the whole London to visit all day long? Positive: the rooms are quite clean and comfortable, decoration is OK and we had no problems in any of the rooms .Breakfast is delicious but there isn't many options: English breakfast (egg, bacon, sausage, tomato, toasts, orange juice, coffee, milk, tea, preserves) or scrambled eggs (and other variations), or cereals. My mother-in-law and I ate the English breaskfast for 18 days and we loved it. My wife doesn't eat pork and had some problems - but we bought some fruit in a local market and everything went well.Oh, yes, there are many restaurants, supermarkets, charming stores and tea houses in the neighborhood.But the real reason for me to give a high punctuation to Melita House Hotel is the staff: they were simply amazing, always helpful, always friendly, specially with my mother-in-law, who doesn't speak English. One negative aspect: forget Internet - very expensive in the hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Adequate but not luxurious.	Overall the hotel was pleasent, a nice building in a quiet location with friendly staff. However, the carpet in the room was in need of a good vacuum, yet the bathroom, though very small, had good new taps and soap dispensors, (plus a few nasty hairs in the shower!). The room was also small, and lacked the all important tea set! The new flat screen television was pleasing, yet watching it on the old duvan matresses wasn't great. They could do with replacement. The room was a very suitable base for sightseeing, with low prices, it did work out good value for money, espically in comparison to other London hotels. The decoration of the rooms was dated yet fine, the colour scheme was consistent. Breakfast, which is included in the room price, was well cooked yet very small! One sausage, bacon, egg and a tinned tomato, served with toast and orange squash not juice as stated! The staff, who were mostly Polish, we're polite and friendly. I would recommend the hotel to someone in search of a well priced hotel, as a base for business or sightseeing, yet if you intend on a luxurious visit, the hotel is most likely not for you!	
Jun 29 2009 	Small Hot Room	The room I stayed in was in the back of the hotel. There was no A/C. Because the window was in the back of the hotel there was no breeze. Even the nights were hot because of this. Otherwise the room was ok. It was small, but I understand that this is normal for london. There was good cable tv and the rooms were cleaned everyday although the sheets weren't changed. The sheets had stains on them. The hotel was quiet. I wouldn't stay there again or recommend it to friends. I found the breakfast to be pretty good.	
Oct 1 2008 	Loved it	The twin brothers who run this hotel are just wonderful. We came early and were able to check right in. We had a quad room on the lower floor with our own courtyard. The room was small like almost everything in London but it was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was yummy in a bright and clean breakfast room. The internet room is a closet with a computer but the wireless is free and available in your room. The location is perfect, just down the street from Victoria Station and a 20 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. We stayed here for 4 nights and would def stay here again. I stayed a night about 200 metres away and paid more money and got a smaller room and no wireless. This is the better place to stay on Belgrave Road.	
Sep 22 2008 	An enjoyable break	We were checked in and shown to our room before our check in time of 12pm. We booked the triple room which had a double and single bed. Really clean and comfortable. Bathroom with toilet, sink and shower. Breakfast was good. The location was quiet and ten minutes walk from Victoria Station. Bus stop and taxi were available just down the road. All staff were polite and helpful. We would stay again.	
Jun 29 2008 	Only OK	Very Basic and Pokey. Very little English spokenRoom was small, Breakfast only ok, Tea awful. Would not re visit. Location good and neighbourhood is nice very close to Victoria station.	
Nov 13 2007 	Disappointing	Stayed here for 2 nights to use as a base for London. Room up narrow staicase with fire doors to negotiate made luggage carrying difficult-3 flights of steep stairs and no lift!Room cramped but OK and clean.Noisy overhead neighbours did not help sleep.Breakfast appalling with vacuum flask tea and coffee and synthetic orange cordial masquerading as juice. Poor quality white bread and perfunctory service made breakfast a negative experience.Position convenient and fortunately a decent coffeeshp near Pimlico underground station with internet saved our sanity.	
Jul 10 2007 	Definitely not worth the money	The only good thing about this hotel was the location to tube stations and reasonable walking distance to tourist sites. The rooms were very small. The walls were paper thin and we heard everything. Our shower would stop flowing mid shower. The toilet took 3-5 attempts to get it to flush. The breakfast was less than desireable (powdered orange juice and stale coffee). Charged 2 lbs. for 2 local phone calls. 5% surcharge to pay with credit card. I wish we had spent a little more and stayed somewhere else.	
Jun 14 2007 	Not Worth It	Friendly check-in personnel; helped carry bags to our room, which would be a nightmare for anyone who is claustrophobic. The rooms are far too small, yet clean. The bed and pillows aren't very comfortable and the walls appear to be quite thin, as people's voices and footsteps carried very well. At times the shower would lose its water pressure and become a trickle before returning to normal. The location is close to Victoria station, yet the area isn't very appealing. Too overpriced for what you get (the breakfast they serve is horrible; attempted to eat once the entire week we were there). In retrospect, wish we had paid more to have a more comfortable stay. After sightseeing all day, the last thing you want is to come back to something like Melita House. I suggest to those visiting London to either a stay at a true B&amp;B in someone's home, or spend a little extra for a nicer hotel.	
Apr 30 2007 	Loved it!	Me and my family stayed at Melita for 3 nights. We arrived about 10 AM. The check-in starts at 12.00, so we just wanted to drop our luggage and come back later, but they were very kind and prepared the room for us in 15 minutes, so we checked-in straight away! We had a room on the first floor and it was facing the street. Although the hotel is very close to the Victoria and Pimlico Station and getting to the centre is a matter of few minutes, the hotel itself is located on a quiet side road, so we enjoyed our sleep.The staff was very nice and helpful and we would like to say a big Thank You to the very nice man in Reception and to the owner, who managed to get us tickets for a day tour on the same day in the morning, even though the tour operator said the tour was already fully booked!We enjoyed the breakfast, especially the english breakfast option was a real delight.We were staying in a few Hotels in London over the past 3 years, especially me during my bussines trips, but I've never seen a hotel so clean! So again, big thanks to the housekeeping.Overall it was a very pleasant experience and we will return!	
Apr 16 2007 	Not worth the price	This hotel is too expensive for what you get. They promised us a quiet room - we got one where the windows could not be shut properly and therefore heard the traffic noise all night. (The hotel is adjacent a main street with traffick at all times.) The rooms are also not sound proofed, we heard the man next door snore! and in the morning the flushing of toilets etc from the rooms above, below and next doors. It sounded almost like we lived in the plumbing!There was not enough water pressure for showers in the morning (we stayed on second floor). After remarking on this they put on an extra pump, but then evidently turned it off again since this happened again. Breakfast was scant - the orange juice was syrup, not juice, and the eggs were overdone.All of this I think I could put up with - at another price - but at the current price - it is simply not worth the money and therefore a disappointment.	
Nov 19 2006 	A great smaller hotel	This hotel gave value for money .The staff were extremely helpful . The room we stayed in was comfortable spacious and quiet. Breakfast was good. Nice to be waited on !	
Nov 13 2006 	Too expensive for too little	Good location and breakfast. Rooms are a small and a bit shabby, though. 100 pounds per night is a bit excessive in my opinion. There are several B&amp;Bs in this area that I will check for lower rates next time. Hotel owner was very friendly, though.	
Oct 29 2006 	Not much for the money	Based on the number of very positive reviews for this hotel on TripAdvisor I booked myself in for a night on buisness and I have to say I was very dissappointed. Not that it is a poor or bad hotel but it is really nothing more than a guest house so the price you pay makes it pretty inflated for what you are getting. On the plus side it is clean, the staff are friendly and it is quiet and well kept. Just an OK place to stay that has nothing in particular to recommend it apart from reasonably well delivered basics.	
Oct 27 2006 	Tiny rooms but great value	We stayed at the Melita House hotel after looking through TripAdvisor for hotels in our price range that did not have reviews referring to rats in the ceiling :-) We were pleasantly surprised by this business. Pros:- Courteous staff- Decent breakfast- Password-protected safe available in the closet- Very clean room/bathroom- Good location (only a quick bus/subway ride to Trafalgar square and a 20 minute walk to the &quot;London eye&quot;)Cons:- Room just about big enough for a couple- No A/C, just a table fan (which was sufficient though, to be fair)We would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly - in fact we stayed there for one more day on our way back and got a slightly bigger room.	
Aug 10 2006 	Good budget hotel	We stayed 3 nights in a quad room in the basement during the heat wave in July. The room was much bigger than I expected and very quiet. (The bathroom was almost as large as a some hotel rooms!) The beds were comfortable, and it was great to have a refrigerator. The staff was friendly, and helped us get my mother's bag down the narrow stairs. We really enjoyed the location near Victoria Station.It's definitely budget, and so there was no A/C, and the breakfast was as others here describe -- the orange juice tastes synthetic, the English breakfast is VERY greasy, and so we just had cereal, toast and tea. To us these were fairly minor issues, since we paid only about $70 per person per night which seemed like a really good deal for London! We would certainly consider staying here again.	
May 23 2006 	Comfortable stay near attractions	The rooms have been renovated and were nice. Flat screen tv in the lounge area. Location is within ten minutes to two stations. See more photos and a review at Southpoint.	
Apr 23 2006	Good Location Disappointing Room	We stayed for two nights and had booked here based on reviews using terms like &quot;little gem,&quot; etc. This set us up for a great disappointment. Don't get me wrong--the location is fine, Robert the proprietor is very affable, the staff is helpful and well-intentioned, but it's really tough to pay over $200 a night for a tiny, faded room with a cramped bathroom whose sink and shower don't drain properly, and where the headboards of the beds are literally boards screwed into the wall to save space. The breakfast beverage you assume should be orange juice is actually made from some synthetic-tasting substitute. This kind of pointless cost-cutting just underscores the feeling that you're not getting value for the money. For anyone living on the U.S. east coast, the best way to put it is that if you paid over $50 a night for this setup you would feel ripped off. Since it's London, factor in what you think London is worth. One hundred percent more? OK, then it's $100 too expensive. Lest you think I'm too picky: When we moved on to Edinburgh, for the SAME price we had a beautifuly decorated, two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment with 12-foot ceilings, granite-countered kitchen, TV and stereo, complimentary breakfast snacks and wine in the evenings, etc., in a great neighborhood. We will be very careful before selecting London accommodations in the future.	
Jan 1 2006 	Enjoyed this little gem	This is our third stay in this hotel and we enjoyed it very much. The wireless internet, new TV lounge,and new satellite TV in the rooms now makes this hotel better value than ever. It is the central location together with the attention to detail that sets this hotel apart.We will return.	
Nov 2 2005	Below average but clean	For £95 for a double room, they seemed pretty much on the small side. We were shown to the top storey room but the shower thermostat wasn't working so we were given a basement room instead. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. The shower was powerful. The plug in the sink, however, was stuck. All in all didn't really impress me but cleanliness in London hotels is hard to come by!	
Oct 26 2005	Fabulous Family Run Hotel	My husband &amp; I spent 8 nights at this lovely little hotel &amp; we enjoyed it very much. Room was a little small &amp; the bathroom was tiny, but this was our only concern. The hotel was in a great location, very clean, rooms serviced daily, breakfast fabulous &amp; all hotel staff very friendly &amp; very helpful - nothing was too much trouble for them. We were 5 minutes walk from Victoria Station, excellent restaurants &amp; shopping &amp; a number 24 bus just around the corner which took us to most places we wanted to go, or connected easily with other bus routes. We would happily go back &amp; stay there again. We asked for a room that would be quiet late at night &amp; that is what we got. Could not speak highly enough of this hotel &amp; all the staff - a great hotel at a reasonable price.	
Jun 28 2005	Easy to Find	We had a lovely sunny room at the front of the hotel with a fascinating window box of geraniums! Despite being on the ground floor and just a couple of buildings away from Belgrave Road there was no there was no noise from traffic. Bed linen looked a little jaded but was clean. Furniture a little tacky and decor a little shoddy but at that price can't complain.Bathroom clean and shower good.Loved the location. Walked to and from Westminster early eveing once crowds had gone home - fabulous!Breakfast basic but very pleasnt dining room.	
Jun 22 2005	Good Value Budget Hotel	Could not complain about this accomodation at the bargain price. The rooms were comfortable and clean and it is in an excellent location near most major attractions. The number 24 bus stops around the corner and takes you to many of the tourist sights and for £3 per day it was a bargain. The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful. The breakfast was not fantastic but again value for money. Some noise from the plumbing but none from the traffic at night as it is situated on a side road.	
Jan 19 2005	Its a Great Place	I stayed at the Melita House Hotel last week and was very pleasantly surprised, the room was superb and of a very high standard, newly decorated and very comfortable with all the modern facilities I could have possibly needed. A great location and wonderful staff next time I’m in London I will most surely stay there again.	
Oct 6 2004	Loved It!!!	having visited London many times I have for the first time found a fantastic hotel!!!!!!!The Location is very good, well, its near the main station, VictoriaThe Rooms are of a top standard, not really big, but really nice...when I was there they had just put in new upholstery and new furniture in all the rooms and communal areas...Well done guys, you were very helpful and next April for my wife's birthday we'll be back for a couple of days!!See ya soon guys!!	
Aug 31 2004	Best Hotel in the area	I always stay in Melita, whenever I am in London. It's one of the best hotels in the area. The location is great - very close to Victoria Station, but in a quiet residential area, off the main road. The hotel is very clean. The breakfast is excellent, expecially the sausages.	
Jun 16 2004	Only good thing was location	This hotel is in a good location but that is all it has going for it. We had ants in our room, the room was hot with no AC and very small, and the electrical system was worrisome. The key card also worked the lights (it fit in a slot at the light switch) and one day it literally scorched the card and would no longer open the door. The breakfast is a joke. Not worth eating. One of my travel companions did not have clean sheets. The 5% surcharge for using a credit card is ridiculous. There seemed also to be a plumbing or drainage problem with the shower and the sink. There is more I could complain about but I'll stop here. 	
Jun 11 2004	Not worth the money	The hotel was small, noisy, and hot. We had to keep the windows open because there was no AC. The refrigerator did not work. The shower did not drain well. They did not even have hand towels. The breakfast was below average based on the other four hotels we stayed at. There was no fruit or yogurt. You could have either English breakfast or cereal. The only choice of jelly was orange marmalade. There was a 5% surcharge when using credit cards. We wanted to move when we got there but had to stay because they would have charged for three nights.	
Apr 13 2004	not really good	The best thing about the hotel is, that it is close to Victoria. The rooms are small, furnisher is poor, breakfast is a joke and time-consuming (if the hotel is full, you have a good chance, that you have to wait until there is place for you to take breakfast). Credit cards are accepted, but an additional fee is charged (5pc).	
Apr 6 2004	Very average	The location is decent though not great (it is still two bus stops from Victoria station and the buses run irregularly). The rooms are very small though clean. The hotel is quite noisy to the in- and outside. Breakfast is below average. There is an additional 5 percent surcharge if you want to pay by credit card which is ridiculous. In addition, the check-out time is 10.30AM. It is ok for a night or two. If you want to stay longer look elsewhere.	
Feb 25 2004	Great value Great people	I stayed at the Melita in 2001 while traveling on a very strict budget in London. We had reservations to stay at the Melita for the second half of our trip, but after spending the first few days in a truly horrible budget hotel, we decided we couldn't take it anymore and called the Melita to ask if there was any way they could take us a day early. They went out of their way to accomodate us. The desk staff and owner were very friendly and helpful. The hotel and rooms are small, it's true, but comfortable for two people and pretty normal by European standards. We had quiet, restful nights and a nice bathroom that appeared to have been newly rennovated. The hotel is convenient to the Underground, and the breakfasts were good and filling. At the Melita we found the perfect blend of comfort, hospitality, and affordability. I definitely would recommend this hotel to people who want to stay somewhere nice without emptying their wallets.	
Jan 31 2004	A lovely hotel	Great hotel, great location! The hotel is located very close to Victoria Station. We had nice breakfast every morning (inclusive in the price). The hotel is a family run B&amp;B in Victorian House with beautiful high ceilings and traditional English decoration. Staff was very helpful. We are planning to come back next year.	
Sep 19 2003	Small uncomfortable rooms - good location	The best part about the Melita House was that it was close to Victoria Station. The hotel itself is small, in every way. Small rooms, small bath, small dining, small hallways &amp; stairwells. The beds were 3/4 of a twin size and very uncomfortable. The walls were so thin, I could hear people in the house that is adjacent to the Melita House. Very friendly staff though. Breakfast was only average. I was very glad that I only had to stay here two nights.	
Nov 10 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix. Chambre pour 4 personnes avec 3 lits		
Sep 24 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 22 2009 	comodo		
Aug 21 2009 	Mi ha sinceramente stupito		
Aug 10 2009 	En general bien		
Dec 11 2008 	Lo aconsejamosvolveriamoses muy acojedorlimpio y muy bien situado		
Mar 27 2008 	bello e centrale		
Feb 10 2008 	buon rapporto prezzo/qualità/posizione		
Dec 7 2007 	un hotel su misura		
Oct 17 2007 	Confort 		
Jan 25 2007 	totalmente soddisfatta!		
