Nov 2 2009 	Glad I didn't cancel !	Our daughter dances frequently in London which fairly often, requires a one or two night stopover. This becomes quite expensive so whilst searching around dozens and dozens and dozens of hotels in this and several nearby areas, we came across the King Solomon.The price was the main attraction-many others were at LEAST twice/three/four times expensive-so we booked it.....rather last minute !The day after booking it, I went on this website and began reading the - mostly dreadful - reviews and started to panic !I am SO fussy when it comes to hotels ( daughters dancing takes us occasionally to Blackpool......say no more about hotels THERE ! ) so I immediately started searching again for another hotel. However, as it was only a day before we were due to go, I really didn't have the time or inclination or-as previousy stated-money, to book somewhere else, so decided to 'risk' it. If it was as awful as everyone said, we would just go elsewhere.So, expecting the worst, we arrived.Location: Good-just off the M1, free parking, outside congestion zone, a 5-10 minute walk up what appeared to be a very safe high street to Golders Green Tube station and a direct 4-stop ride to Camden Tube station, which was a strong consideration.Reception staff: OK, no prizes for polite chit chat but efficient enough.Room: Basic but a decent size and clean with what appeared to be newish mattresses, small-but again clean-en suite bathroom with a hot, powerful shower. However, no lamps and tv with only four stations ! Yes, the corridors were narrow but not especially dark.The fire alarm in the early afternoon was quite 'alarming' to say the least-didn't know if it was for real or not ? but as we had only popped back for ten minutes, we were on our way out again anyway.Neither I, or my daughter, tried breakfast but my husband did on the first morning. I had warned him about the tuna salad !!! but it still came as a bit of shock ! There were bagels and bread etc but no toaster.So no, the Ritz it is most definately NOT ! but overall-perhaps because I was honestly prepared for the Bates Motel ! - it was OK.If you are just after a -cheap for London-bed/beds for the night, go for it. It is exactly what it says on the tin....a budget hotel. We literally showered and slept there-therefore spent very little time at the hotel.If, however, you are wanting to relax and spend a little more time in the room/hotel, then I would probably advise you to pay more and stay elsewhere.The worst thing we could say about it-and believe me, I really am fussy ! - is that we had to have four different key cards to get in the room as each time we returned to our room, the key/card wouldn't work ! Luckily, we were quite close to reception to go and get another one but it would have been a joke if we had been on the top floor !Brilliant location for the fabulous Camden markets.	
Oct 30 2009 	Basic	Very basic hotel -stayed there one night in the family room - looks like some improvements being made. Had tv and ensuite and sheets clean - room only had a small window looking out onto a wall!Breakfast was ok - bit strange - tuna mayo and egg mayo, toast, bagels, cereals and salad.Receptionist with the long dark hair was very friendly and helpful.Location was good and tube only 10 min walk away. Good having on site parking	
Oct 25 2009 	Never again	We have only stayed there one night and thank god for that because I couldn't have stayed for a second one...The location of the hotel is not bad, only a few minutes walk from the underground station. We stayed in the cheapest room (55 pounds) and it was awful. The room was stinking of fags, there was no TV and not even a bin!! The curtains would not close properly, so we had to use a hairclip to keep them together, the door kept shaking and creaking everytime someone walked past it and i know this is not the hotels fault but this drunk woman came at 2 am and she would not shut up! the breakfast was quite good.Overall, it was not a very pleasant experience	
Oct 21 2009 	Terrible reception service	I advise anyone who is making plans to stay at this hotel.(Don't) the reception service there is terrible.I neva experience anything like this in my whole life,this was the biggest nightmare I ever had.The reception service gives you poor customer service,they are very grummpy and disgustin,this is the worst recption customer service I have ever gotten in my life.The internet service service is poor cant even get online only if you come to the reception area then when you're there trying to use the internet its so small they run you out.Them is so grummpy and full of stress there please dont go there to spoil your vacation or stay.my advise is for u guys to get good customer service training.u will need it for the furture.	
Oct 13 2009 	after all it wasn't bad.	Of course, it's hard to get a hotel in London, if you're on a budget. So we decided for 2 single rooms in King Salomon. Well it's everything else, then being central, but hey, i like a nice journey by the tube. The breakfast was very OK, eggs, cereals, white bread and rolls, strange salads (tuna), but also cheese, jam, chocolate cream and so on. The rooms were not large, but clean, although the walls could get a new paint. But i'm sleeping there, not living. I would maybe come back, but since London is such a large city, i would also test another hotel. Staff was very very friendly and helpful. Ask for a room upstairs!	
Aug 30 2009 	Not bad	The room was very nice and the staff was quite polite and kind. Not a bad hotel, but it's really far from the center and the breakfast sux. Only tuna salad and some egg thing which wasn't so bad. If you're just searching for a good room to sleep in at good rates, do choose it. But if you think 10 stations from downtown is close and if you're a fan of breakfast... Don't. Also no WiFi in the rooms. And if you go to the restaurant, be careful what you order, food's quite expensive and weird. :)	
Jul 28 2009 	Worst experience ever	The room was small and very poor. It is the worst hotel I ever stayed at. It was so cold inside and the bathroom was so small and so not nice. The breakfast was the &quot;best&quot; part of the this hotel. I will not recommend anyone to stay there...............	
Jul 19 2009 	Cheep and cheerful	Me and my partner were going to watch an oasis concert on the Sunday so we thought we would make a weekend out of it. We had read all the reviews and had to say we were a bit wary as they are all negative. However on arrival we were very suprised as the hotel was very nice and the staff were lovely, polite and helpful. The room was a bit small but it was adequate as you got what you payed for. The room was very clean and the maids maintained the room every morning. It was a very friendly place with easy access into the town and London centre.There were a few negative points though as we didnt like having to pay for the room up front, just in case there were any problems. Also it was noisy on a night up until early hours of the morning, this is mostly down to the occupants of the other rooms not the hotel.other than that it was a lovely place and we really enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great for Cheap place to crash for girls or lads weekends.	This hotel is fine there is nothing wrong with it for the price you pay. It is clean the beds are ok. The breakfast is a little weird with there being Tuna and salad but you could have plenty of toast cereal tea and coffee., just no fry up. You get what you pay for we paid £20 each including breakfast for that price it was fine. We requsted a fan for our room and one was dleivered straight away I really don't think the staff are rude. If I wanted a romantic weekend with my boyfriend I wouldn't stay here but for groups its great.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location 	Stayed here with a group of friends when we were going to a Take That Concert at Wembley. It was perfect for what we needed - cheap and cheerful. It was clean and the staff were friendly. It was a baking hot day and we asked for a fan and it was delivered to the room within minutes - what more can you ask for?!Rooms were fine, we only needed a shower and bed for the night and it served its purpose.Yes you do get tuna for breakfast but there are plenty of other choices - and tuna was actually quite nice with a hangover!I would recommend this hotel and we all agreed we would stay here again.Great location for Wembley!	
Jul 5 2009 	what a dump	discusing is a very polite way to discribe this hotel, i think they need to give there cleaners some lessons my room was up 2 flights of stairs and didnt even look like it had been hovered! the whole hotel needed a good scrub,as for the breakfast yuk!! it consisted of cold boiled eggs tuna mayo tomatos cucumber and bread(the toaster wasnt working) also orange juice from a machine that included nice black bits! if your looking for a good ENGLISH brekkie you wont find it here.horrible dirty and smelly.	
Jun 20 2009 	the only good thing about it is its location	If you're looking for good service, friendliness, obliging staff, (eg requesting a blanket for your cold room only to be told it's possible the following day which was the day I was due to leave), you aint going to find it here!	
May 15 2009 	don't do it.	Where shall I start... arrived in reception and given a hand drawn map to find our room which took us up narrow corridors (smelly),fire escapes, weird cranky stairs until we finally arrived 20 minutes later to our room as the room numbers did not go up in order for example room numbers 1. 2. 3 .4 .16. 78. 79. 80. 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Our room should of been a twin but was a double it was really really hot because the radiator was scorching and surrounded by wood so you could not turn it down. we then took a while to find our way back to reception and was told that we could have another room which was a twin room but between the beds slap bang in the middle of the room was a full size fridge(god knows what was in it). We then had a look at our bathroom and as I opened the shower cubicle the glass door came away in my hand. Also if we had of decided to stay in this room there was one curtain hanging down the middle of a double window(did they expect us to choose which side of the window we wanted it to cover.) We once again went back to reception and the member of staff was getting very moody by this point, she said that was only one room left which was a triple room and so off we went to see what was in store for us this time. After finding our room we was not suprised that it also had lots of faults.Firstly the Double bed, head started at the single beds feet?? The wardrobe was on a slant but was no use anyway as it had no hangers and no pole. The bathroom was filthy with no rails or hooks for towels.When trying to make a cup of tea I realised that not only was the kettle to huge for the sink but also you had to hold it whilst it boiled as It did not reach the table. Out of all the rooms this was the best as we could turn the radiator down. If it was not so late in the evening we would of scarpered from this place but we were really tired after a long day out. After a noisy hot night we looked forward to a hot shower and our breakfast. The shower was more than hot and it scalded suddenly after running luke warm for a while. The breakfast consisted of Cereal, stale bread, egg mayo and tuna mayo and salad. I opted for bread and jam although the jam was not jam it was some kind of sticky sweet wall paper paste with food colouring in as the two different colours tasted exactly the same.So if you are reading this and thinking of staying here DON'T. We think Hollowell prison would be a much safer bet.!	
May 9 2009 	do not stay at this hotel	it was worst hotel ever i stayed in.we were there for bank holiday. room were okay, but main horror started after 9.00pm, room radiator start making loud noise every 15mins, and carried on for whole night, we try to phoned reception, phone wasn't working, i had to go to the reception, they said somebody will come and check, no one came, meanwhile, noise was getting louder, we couldn't sleep whale night, in morning, we went to see manager, he wasn't help full, i would advise to everyone look some were else.DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.	
Apr 28 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE- DISGUSTING SERVICE	I booked a room over the internet for my fiance, as this hotel was in an ideal location, and was the cheapest.Upon arrival, my fiance wanted to confirm the room was paid for in full. He was told no. My fiance telephoned me to tell me I would have to give my card details AGAIN, over the phone.Whilst in the middle of talking to my fiance and just before he handed the phone over to me, he took another call and took another booking and just left my faince standing there in reception.Finally, I speak to him on the phone and ask if I can now pay over the phone- No. I said I would give him full authorisation and would give all my card/ address details for him to take payment. No. He needs my written authorisation. Whilst I am in the middle of talking to him, he decides he has enough and just hands the phone back to my fiance- apparently saying nothing and giving him no eye contact or explanation. Evidently my fiance is not allowed to stay in his booked hotel room.This is absolutely appalling.A brilliant example of TERRIBLE customer service. My fiance had a meeting the following day at 8:00, and there he was @ 9:30pm after travelling up from the south coast after work, only to be told he can't stay in his booked hotel room. So needless to stay needed a room ASAP ... the lovely people at THE REGAL GUEST HOUSE, Golders Green, very kindly gave my fiance a room with no problems- thoroughly reccommend them.	
Apr 28 2009 	second worst hotel ever	What an experience , After 17 years staying in hotels this was an eye opener, Had booked into the nearby Martel hotel, WHICH WAS THE WORST EVER, Having booked into King Solomon Hotel to get out of one night mare straight to another, Foreign guy at reception tried to be helpfull , In making me pay up front, Then COULD NOT FIND ME A ROOM THAT WAS READY, 3PM MAY i ADD, offered me a room took keycard , opened door and room undone, When I went to reception , the guy helpfull as ever offered me sheets etc if I wanted to make up room myself , As I complained I had 11 hour drive to get there, Wish I had taken up on his offer , as there only one other room , I was offered double bed , which I say that be ok, just been cleaned ,so i took it,Size room ok, Double bed hard as bricks, but sheets , pillows cases etc were filthy, I am sure I could see them moving on the bed, Bathroom was absolutely filthy, shower full of old hair, toilets full S*** marks , toothpaste on sink , floor looked like it not cleaned in months never mind weeks or days, WI FI could not be connected, TV not much better, cups manky, but I dare not clean them in that sink, managed to shower, but slept on top of bed as I dare not go undercovers, For goof measure Breakfast was diabolical . continental they claimed, what a disgrace,Too make matters worse I left £200 in my case , went out for 3 hours and on return it was gone, place was not broken into , so does not need to be a detective, When enquired there a sign reception saying not to leave, you do so at your own risk,Why do they employ people that are not trusted to do there jobs honestly, last 2 nights I slept in car , IT WAS BLISS compared to KING SOLOMOM hotel, HSE , FEPA, whomever should be in there and close it down, IT A HEALTH HAZARD	
Apr 6 2009 	The worst hotel in the entire world?	My wife and I had the misfortune to stay at the King Solomon Hotel for one night at the tail end of our honeymoon. After a wonderful week together in Brighton, we'd decided to stop in London for a night and go to see a show in the West End. We found this hotel online and it seemed to offer a decent price and good, basic facilities i .e. a bed, en-suite, tea/coffee, TV etc. However, my advice to to you is as follows. Unless it's scathing in its criticism, do not believe anything that you read about this establishment. For the owners to even call this a &quot;hotel&quot; would seem, to me, to be an offence under the trade descriptions act. It is nothing more than a filthy, dirty, unhygenic, worn-out, broken-down dump. To be frank, all the adjectives and words of criticism that the English language places at my disposal would not do this place justice. If you haven't heard enough yet, do read on.Firstly, when we arrived we were asked to pay upfront and provide details of our credit cards. This was, with hindsight, a bad sign. We were then given the keycard for our room and directions to find it. We navigated our way up a narrow, creaky staircase behind the reception desk and through a warren of similarly narrow and dingy corridors until we found our room. Ah, the room! The size of the room wasn't too small, but it wasn't particularly large. As it was a hot day and my wife and I had spent about an hour shedding bodyweight and sweat on the underground, we decided to have showers. The shower basin and walls were dirty with mould. Then, despite running the shower for around 20 minutes, I couldn't get any hot water. Then , suddenly, hot water came, but the dial on the shower didn't seem to actually control or alter the temperature of the water. I had a shower and so did my wife. In addition, there was no plug in the washbasin in the bathroom and the plughole was swathed in human hair, which certainly wasn't ours. Then we found the plug for the basin ... sat on top of the little striplight above the mirror. The plug was also covered in hair.Showered and increasingly sceptical, we decided to examine the rest of the room more closely. Firstly, the sheets on the bed, the eiderdown, and the pillows were all dirty. By dirty, I mean that the eiderdown and the sheets had suspicious-looking yellow stains on them - skidmarks? semen? - in a number of places. The pillows also had dirt on them. The carpet hadn't been vacuumed for sometime, it seemed. The tea/coffee facilities included a kettle, two dirty coffee cups, dirty teaspoons and some sachets of tea, coffee, sugar, and milk. All were covered in a layer of dust, as was the tray they sat in. The TV, mounted on a bracket high on the wall, was connected to the mains via an extension cable stretched halfway up the wall - to reach the TV's plug - and hanging free behind the &quot;desk&quot; in the room. Our wardrobe had a safe. Before we went out, I placed my camera in the safe. A good move, methinks.When we went downstairs, we mentioned the dust, the bathroom, the dirty sheets, pillows, eiderdown at reception and asked them to ensure that the room was cleaned in time for our return later that evening. To cut to the chase, that didn't quite happen. The same dirty sheets, pillows, eiderdown etc had simply been turned around, turned-over. No dusting had taken place either. We called reception and asked them to come and do it. A man came up to our room and duly changed the bedclothes. After he left, he checked them and, what do you know, the new bedclothes were also dirty and covered in dubious stains. We called reception asked them to change the bedclothes again. Lo and behold, one set of dirty bed linen was exchanged for another set of dirty bed linen. We gave up at this point and weht to bed without using the pillows, blanket or ediderdown. We were kept awake half the night by a bunch of men - who seemed to be friends of the owners - talking, laughing, shouting on the &quot;patio&quot; below our window into the early hours.Breakfast! What really, really annoyed me about breakfast was, firstly, the poor range or poorly prepared food and drinks on offer. No croissants, no orange juice, just a strange selection of things that, unless you're Jewish, you'd never dream of eating for breakfast. Secondly, and I still get into something of a rage about this when I think about it, the fact that we had to toast our own bread for breakfast. I don't mind doing that at home but, you know, one tends to assume that, at a hotel, when you've paid about £65 for a room and breakfast, the breakfast would be prepared by the staff. But, no. We had to toast our own bread, make our own coffee etc.So, to conclude, do not ever, ever, ever even contemplate staying at this &quot;hotel&quot;. It is a dump. There's no other way of saying it. As other reviewers have commented, you'd be better off sleeping on a park bench or getting yourself arrested so that you could spend the night in a police cell. When we left, it felt like escaping. This is definitely the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Just don't ...	
Mar 24 2009 	Disgusting hotel	We had to stay at this hotel with my colleague. When we came to the hotel, we needed approximately one hour to take a deep breath from what we saw. Our rooms was booked &amp; payed for 2 nights but I leaved to find some other accommodation. My colleague stayed. We met the very next day and my colleague told me his experience from his night-mare night. He had a room at the very top of hotel, when he at last lifted all his stuffs to the room he realized that it's a very small, dark room with no window. Sorry, it had a window - but it looked like a prison window near the roof. Room very smelled, there was splitter bed with dirty covers, in the bathroom there was dirty basin and the water didn't flushed out and the walls was full of moulds. After this experience he decided to change the room. The new room was the same but the bigger window.I came back on the very next day because I didn't find another accommodation for that night, so I had to stay. My room was near to the reception and it was alike my colleague's room. It was also furnished with splitted bed with dirty covers, impossible smelled, dirty basin, water didn't flushed out &amp; walls full of moulds. This room has 3 bonuses: TV didn't work, dirty glasses for tea/coffee maker, and the curtain was very dirty and full of hotes. On the very next morning we was happy that our stay here is about to finish, we packed up our stuffs and went for breakfast. We had egg and tuna. Disgusted from this hotel we finally went home. I will never recommend this hotel - even my biggest enemy!	
Nov 1 2008	Okay but some problems!	I was there for two days with a buddy. If a bed is what you want this hotel is good because of the price. But i will not recommend this one to any persons with any kind of body troubles as it is alot of small stairs up to the rooms.They have an ALARM TEST every sunday at 11 AM, its absolutely anoying and took about 20-30 min. And still the alarm went outt twice on sunday evening.Breakfast is ok. however their food seems to be reused the day after if not used (the tuna seemed to be used both mornings and packed away for reuse again later!).The hotel is placed in a very nice jewish quarter, and it is easy to get to it by train, and a bus is driving a yard away from the reception´.Overall i got what i wanted and nothing more.	
Oct 30 2008 	King Solomon's Hotel Golders Green London	e As a child, after watching Planet of the Apes on television, i had recurring nightmares, where i'd walk through a deserted city, mouldy and stale, anxious because in each dark passage hidden eyes were peering at me... If you've had this type of nightmares: enhance this dreary feeling of impending doom by a thousand, and you'll get the general impression this hotel left.If you haven't, let me give you some examples of how we liked the hotel. I say hotel, because as you pay to sleep there, it technically is a hotel. If the place were for free, the term 'City dump' or hellhole would be more aptly suited.  The corridors, rooms, doorknobs, light switches, toilet, carpets, walls, ... were dirty. I'm talking about years of accumulated dead skin cells, greasy paws, sex fingers, ... not just some superficial grime.Breakfast... now... breakfast... started off well. We were given coffee cups with the Segafredo logo on them. So far so good. The coffee however, was served as granules, and you had to get your own luke warm water. One of the reviews for this hotel, dating back from last year, mentioned a tuna/sweetcorn salad and some other tripe: i think i ate the same actual tuna salad.There was no toast. Ye shalt not make Toast on the High Holy Day that is Saturday (the hotel has Tora scrolls at each doorpost... we know because we opened one, and then smoked the scroll). Unfortunately, on Sunday the breakfast was more of the same. No toast. Not because Sunday is a high holy day for those of the Jewish faith, but probably because the owner/manager is a lazy bugger who can't be arsed to keep up even infinitesimally small standards.Our room did have a radiator. It did not work. We did have a fan though. Our room had a skidmark on the wall. It was well hidden by the cobwebs, but after we cleaned those away, the skidmark was There. It was Always There. Like the Mona Lisa, it followed you through the room. Upon trying to escape the penetrative stare the skidmark, i moved the room's chair out of the way, to discover that it was lodged up against the wall to prevent the skirting boards from falling over.Our only light bulb gave of an eery fluorescent glow and was basically just two electricity wires sticking out of the ceiling, with a bulb attached to it. This was getting a bit too much, so we decided to brake the house rules, and have a siggy through the window. Our room had a view, we were actually looking at a concrete wall that was erected just a few feet from the window. Thank god the window’s were too dirty to see it. The top 15cm of the window could open, but this took considerable force, as birdpoo had sealed off the seams.The bathroom had - contrary to our bedroom - a window that could open. It obviously could, as it was open. It cannot be closed though. A generous spraying of polyurethane and some cheap foamy insulating material was used to avoid serious drafts in the bathroom. When sitting on the toilet, i could wash my hair in the shower and brush my teeth at the same time. Well, actually i couldn’t, since the tap is was not working and the plug was stuck in the bathroom sink.I did try out the toilets in the bar/breakfast area, that serves as a meeting place for local Jewish people. I got out very fast: no toilet paper and the king of all turds trying to crawl out of the bowl.Conclusions? I’d love to go back. With a can of gasoline and a few matches.	
Aug 31 2008	Avoid this place at all costs	Stayed at hotel for one night and never again. On arrival we were told our booking had been cancelled by one of their staff, no explanation given,they did have a room however in the new annexe. So out of front door, down a dirty building site, up narrow stairs to our luxury room. No chairs,no tv,no tea or coffee, no curtains, no light shades,no drawers just 2 single unmade beds and a bathroom with tiles and sink plugs missing. The room was clean but this is because no one had stayed in it, it was still being built !!! Having complained to reception we eventually got a small tv and tray with tea coffee and kettle. I asked at reception if they had a bar and was told no. In the morning at breakfast we had to walk through the none existent bar to get to the dining room, apparently the bar is not open on Friday and Saturday because of religion, no problem, all i ask is that people are honest, we could of sat in the bar area relaxing and watching TV rather than walking arround Golders Green. If you ever book to stay at the King Solomons be prepared to be very very dissapointed.	
Aug 16 2008 	stay away from this hotel	i stayed in this hotel in sept 2007 the room we were given was in the extention part of the hotel which meant having to cross thru a wooden fly infested passageway which lead to the resturant at the back. we opened the door leading into the extention to be confronted by a dull and dirty looking corridor. our room was on the first floor our first impression was that the ensuite room was ok, the beds were clean but i found a dirty used towel stuffed down the side of my bed which i thought was bad as this showed the rooms were not cleaned properly. the ensuite was very basic with a tiny shower cubicle which meant banging your elbows off the wall when washing. our first night in the room was ok, but the breakfast was terrible, this is a kosher breakfast but everything is laid out and not covered and there were flies in the room. i had cereal and that was it. when we went back to our room later that nite we were confronted by a foul stench which can only be discribed as that of raw sewage, this was coming from the ensuite and filled the room with this god awful stench even with the window open it didnt help. we had to suffer this for another two nites.this hotel needs upgrading badly and the sewage pipes checked and fixed. my friends have all boycotted this hotel now i would rather pay a little bit extra to stay in a nice clean and fresh smelling hotel which i will be doing from now on. i would not give this hotel a recomendation all i can say is STAY WELL CLEAR OF IT.	
Aug 3 2008 	Beyond Belief...!	Stayed just one night at the King Solomon Hotel as it was ideally situated for the Picnic Concerts at Kenwood House.On arrival, we were asked to find our room (no easy task through a rabbit warren of corridors) and then go back to reception to register! (Finally!) found our room, to discover the roof light had been left open and heavy rain had completely drenched the TV. So... back down to Reception to report this potential hazard, along with the fact that our 'Tea/Coffee making facilities' consisted of 2 cups/saucers and several pods of cream! We requested a kettle, two extra pillows &amp; the TV be checked, and went off to our concert.Later, we returned to find no pillows, no kettle and a TV still not working. We called Reception to be told that there were no extra pillows or spare kettles!At 8.45am next morning, we received a call from Reception to remind us that check-out was 10am &amp; Breakfast ended at 9.30am! ... and they weren't kidding: everything was whisked away on the dot of 9.30am regardless of who was still eating!!The final straw came when we checked out. We pointed out again our dissatisfaction at the lack of pillows, tea-making facilities and the drenched TV.&quot;How do I know that you didn't leave the window open and so ruin the TV?&quot; was the response from the member of staff....Unbelievable or what???Certainly won't be staying there again!	
Jun 29 2008 	Seen better seen worse	I tried to find a nice and cheap hotel which seems to be very rare in London. Finally I chose this one even I was a little worried because of some previous reviews. I stayed in King Solomon Hotel three nights and find it quite satisfying. There were several things that I disliked but the basic standards were met: clean sheets, warm shower, nice and peaceful neighbourhood etc. Also the connetions to central London and Heathrow were good but tube ride takes some time (Golders Green, Nothern line, zone 3).The biggest cons were lousy breakfast, wornout furniture, early check-out time (10 am), narrow corridors and steep stairs (might not be suitable for disabled). It was also quite annoying that the cleaner’s masterkey resets the lock. Therefore the key card had to be re-coded at the reception desk every day. All in all I would stay there again and might even recommend it with certain restrictions. I think that by London standards this hotel and it’s price/quality ratio is acceptabe. In many other cities a hotel like this would be a bigger disappoinment.	
Feb 9 2008 	King Solomon Hotel extremely basic	I was looking for a hotel for one night and really just to sleep so it didn't matter about luxury. When I saw the King Solomon Hotel advertised at a very cheap price I thought I would take it. Having seen the hotel from the outside before I thought it would be decent. When I got there the receptionist was very unfriendly. I was surprised the first thing he told me was to pay before I had even seen the room. Then he proceeded to give me the key and told me 2nd floor. I asked if there was a lift and he said through the door. Low and behold there were a lot of steep very narrow stairs facing me. I struggled up to my floor with suitcase.Once I went into the room I realised why the price was so cheap. It was very small and just not up to scratch. The radiator didn't work and it was cold. The tv had no remote and it was difficult to change channels even manually. The sink had no plug. There was no toilet roll holder so you had to first find where they put the roll and then remember each time to get it first. There was a telephone but no instructions how to dial reception or how to dial out. They provided a kettle for tea and coffee but the plug was under the table and with a short lead I was boiling the kettle on the floor under the table. When I left my luggage for a few hours before leaving I put it in the store room which was extremely dirty and smelly with a lot of old junk stored.The hotels description is far grander than it is so don't be fooled by the price. Ask to see the room before you pay as there are more hotels around close by if you are unhappy.	
Dec 9 2007 	Nice Hotel	Very simple, but clean an tidy rooms. I've stayed there few times and it isi the best hotel in Golders Green.Staff is very friendly and helpfull, they recognise you stright away and you feel like you are really welcome.Clean bed, nice shower, TV what else do you want from a good hote?	
Dec 8 2007 	You will be glad to leave - we were.	We booked 3 single rooms as we need to be in London for one night as we had a business event to attend. All we wanted was a clean, no frills room with a shower and bed. Was that too much to ask.When we got there we were not asked for address details and this wasn't taken when we reserved over the phone - all they were interested in was the money. We were given our swipe card and sent to our rooms. The first room I was sent to was room 80 was at the very top of the hotel, I opened the door and was amazed this could be called a room, the closet under my stairs is bigger, you couldn't even stand up it was that small. There was a velux style window with no blind so I went straight back to reception and complained.They then changed my room to room 81 next door (the owner said this is a double room so you owe me one), so i lugged all my stuff back up the 3 flights of stairs - at this point we were starting to run out of time as we had an event to attend so I got straight in the shower, but oh no it wasn't quite that simple, water came out when you turned the cold water but no water came from the hot. I called my colleauge who I was travelling with to find out how they were getting on - not so good it seemed, one of the rooms had not been cleaned and there was dirty towels and rubbish left in the room. As I couldn't use my shower we decided to have a switch round so that the 2 ladies shared and I got one of the other rooms. When I got to my 3rd room (room 10) I decided against showering as there was hairs all over the floor and it would have made me feel sick if I had got one wrapped around my toes. I gave the card back for my first room as we left for our event - whilst leaving it became apparent that they had been re staining all the doors as one of my colleagues got covered in wood stain, not ideal when you are wearing bright white corporate sweatshirts.On our return we had had such a busy day all we wanted to do was get a good nights sleep, I pulled back the covers to find multiple cigarette burns in the blankets and several supicious hairs in the bed, I decided to leave my clothes on and sleep on top of the bed. I then struggled to sleep as there was scratching within the wall cavaty. After I finally got to sleep I got a phone call at about 1am from my colleagues in the other room, they were absolutely terrified, whilst asleep in bed they heard an almighty crash, looked up and could see clouds in the moonlight passing by. The rather large skylight had blewn open with the wind. As the phones in the rooms don't work they had to call me to go to reception to sort the matter out. The guy off reception came up to have a look and stood on the chair and pulled back the skylight. He then went back downstairs for some bolts to fasten it shut. The ladies were then terrified to go to sleep and reported one of the worst nights sleep ever - which was not ideal as we had a 300 mile car journey the following morning.Breakfast here must be a Jewish thing as it was toast, egg mayo and tuna mayo - I stuck to a slice of toast and cup of tea.Even some of the services advertised within the hotel are not available like Tea &amp; Coffee making facilities, Satelite TV etc.The hotel owner offered us a free upgrade next time we stayed there, I told him there would not be a next time.People should not have to put up with these standards it's 2007.Don't go there - we have certainly learned our lesson - don't make the same mistake as us.	
Nov 25 2007 	nice and friendly	stayed with my family for a week and enjoyed it very clean and staff very help full will stay there again	
Nov 14 2007 	Ho my god!	This hotel is clean, cheap and in a good location. So it sounds good except two little details:- Our camera has been stolen in our room. And we don't speak English properly... The staff didn't help us, no manager, and no compensation for the camera... Brilliant!- They impose the traditional Jewish &quot;chabat&quot; breakfast menu to everybody. Impossible to get hot milk for our children... Excellent!So again, it's clean, cheap and in a good location but NEVER go there!	
Oct 8 2007	Crap	It was a mess. The toilet had a massive pebble dash that had been left there that long it was stuck on the bottom of the toilet. We could hear some couples domestic going on as the walls were that thin. The staff called my home up at 3 o clock in the morning to ask if I was turning up even though I had checked in already. It was handy as it was close to where I was intending to go. I wouldn't recomend it though.	
Sep 25 2007 	Park-benches are more luxurious that this dump	I've given this hotel one mark out of five and that is being extremely generous. Where to start..? How about the positives...just one I can think of which was checking out (10am might seem early as the latest time to check-out, but believe me, I couldn't wait until I left this dump). So, the negatives...- Just one towel (complete with holes and an unclean smell) to share between two of us - not even a hand-towel or a towel to place on the floor under the shower.- Shower was dirty, and the actual shower head was broken spraying water all over the place.- Rest of the bathroom was just as dirty with a cold water tap that you couldn't turn off.- Forget about any complimentary shower gels or soaps - non-existent.- Also, forget about a kettle, coffee, tea, even glasses to pour some water into - non-existent.- The room had a timy TV (with three channels) fixed high on the wall so you had a cramp when you tried to watch it. No sign of a remote control.- As we arrived (at 2.30pm - two and a half hours after check-in time), the room was still being 'cleaned'.- Despite the room being cleaned, it still smelled and had sticky and dirty carpets and stained curtains. The walls above the bed was also filthy.- Actually, the whole hotel smelled badly.- Floor boards were creaky (and so were the floor boards above our room).- There was a light switch next to the bed (but surprise surprise - it didn't actually work)- At night, the room was as quiet as war, with people shouting in the corridor outside in the early hours of the morning. On top of this, the sound of a large rodent scuttling around between the wall cavities also kept me awake throughout the night.If you get offered enough payment to stay in this hotel then I'd recommend it just for the experience of what must be one of the worse hotels on this planet. If you have a choice between a park-bench and staying in this hotel, take the park-bench.	
Sep 21 2007 	dont believe the description	Whatever you do, take no notice of the description on the website. The hotel claims that it has been refurbished and has new rooms. We booked early and specifically asked for a new double room in the refurbished block. What we got was a double bed crammed into a single room, the shower smelt of sewage and we had to leave the window open all the time. The TV did not work and the room was dark and scruffy. We were there for a convention and many of my friends said that all the rooms were the same. The site brags of tea, coffee facilties in all rooms - take your own, there is nothing. No hairdryers either. There is nothing in this hotel which resembles the description or the photograph on the website.	
Jul 12 2007 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in	I have stayed in a few hotels over the past few years and I have to say this is the worst I've ever stayed in.Firstly, the hotel advertises 'parking', however there is only room for about 4 cars which are at the front of the hotel on the street.Our room wasn't even in the main hotel and we had to walk to the next street to find it. The lights in our bathroom didn't work, the curtains were falling apart and when I moved the curtains to look out of the window, dirt fell onto my pillow!As for the service, I asked if I could have a glass or a cup to drink out of (as there was nothing in our room), and I was refused! £56 a night and I can't have a glass?!Overall, this hotel is old and shabby. The furniture is worn and wobbly and it needs a good clean as well as a lick of paint!I didn't dare try the breakfast.......Not impressed in the slightest with this hotel, overall a very unpleasant stay.	
Jul 3 2007 	Don't go anywhere near - one of the worst accommodations	Worst service and worst people in the hotel.Room was not cleaned when I checked in.£55 not worth at all. I would go for a budget hotel like Travel Inn or Travel Lodge.	
Jul 3 2007 	Terrible !	My friend found this hotel through internet for us. It looked OK in the photo. But reality is terrible. There was no cover qulit for the sheet. So do u think they will wash it after every guest. The pillow and bed sheet were white. However, when you felt it, esp. the pillow, you knew it was used for a long time and too old to use anymore. The colour of the curtain was fade out. The basin was very small that reminded me of a prison toilet in a movie. The drainage of the basin was very poor. It became full quickly when I washed my hand. The wall had hole and was broken. Everything was old, worn out and made us feel very uncomforable. So after one horrible night, we left the hotel and found another hotel at a cost of 67 pounds per room per nite. 43 pounds nite was not expensive but was not a London standard as I expected. And if I could have comparsion, I definitely would not chose this hotel. I won't mind to pay 20 pounds more to stay in a clean, comfortable and decent hotel. As the one night stay in this hotel has really ruined my memory with London.	
Mar 19 2007 	Wow Wow Wow	Hi. Just wanted to share my great experience in the uk. I was in Scotland for few days. Then I stayed in King Solomon. I was having my birthday in London on 14th March. The hotel was brilliant for my requirement.I really liked it. They explained where I can spend my 5 days very efficiently.That's all. I could not find any bad points to be truthful. LOVELY. RECOMMENDED	
Jan 7 2007	All and all..Rather disgusting	Don't stay here. **bedbugs** (multiple varieties), smelly and dirty sheets, leaky roof, rude and contemptuous staff, lousy breakfasts... what more could you NOT want? location was *not* terrible - 20 min tube into heart of London... so we put up with it (bedbug bites didnt erupt until we were leaving) but shouldnt have. After a storm our skylight blew off, leaving us with a 3'x3' opening in our roof (which leaked to start with). Every day we had to go to the front desk to have our keycards reset. Sometimes piles of dirty linen left in the hallway all day and night. Needless to say, I recommend you DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Jan 2 2007	Bed Bug Bonanza!	Dump is an understatement. This place is infested with blood-sucking bed bugs, filthy, smelly, leaking bathrooms and ceilings, nearly impossible to get a hot shower. The staff is consistently rude and actually refused to supply us with toilet paper when we ran out. Food leaves much to be desired. Everything about it is horrible. Stay away!	
May 27 2006 	A dreadful place: definitely avoid	I put 3 people in here for a weekend seminar; all wanted to move after one night and I had to relocate them. It's dirty (including the sheets), smells of stale smoke, unfriendly, noisy and has an aggressive management style that makes this truly a hotel from hell. In all seriousness, do not stay here: these people should not be running any sort of hotel.	
Dec 17 2005 	The Worse Place Ever!!!	you are welcomed by the smoke filled check-in desk. We had to argue to get a room with a fridge. Shower head fell off during shower. Lumps in bed. Dirty linen. This place is so run down and shabby. Avoid at all costs!!!	
Oct 30 2005	Terrible	This is the worst hotel I've seen for a long time. We booked 4 nights and arrived late on night 1 after a long, long journey from Scotland, the room we were offered was absolutely tiny, smelled strongly and the carpet was actually wet with damp. When we asked for another room we were initially told that there was none available we explained about the damp carpet and were immediately ofered two more rooms. The next room was equally small and damp, the net curtain was black with mould and the doors were hanging off the wardrobe. The last room (the last straw) was the shabiest dirtiest room I've ever been offered. We walked out of the hotel and walked to a nearby one - same price infinitely better.I wish we'd read this site before booking.	
Aug 1 2005	Avoid at all costs	We had a family room which was tiny, the bed covers were dirty, the beds were two inches apart, the window didn't close, there was tea and coffee but no milk or kettle! There were tea stains up the wall and they were generally dirty and could do with a new lick of paint. You couldn't swing a hamster in the bathroom, the toilet seat was broken, the shower took ten minutes to warm up, there was no plug in the sink and the bathroom light didnt' work. The breakfast is best well avoided, the &quot;continental&quot; involved tuna and sweetcorn, chicken mayo, tomato, cucumber, cheese and hardboiled eggs, toast you had to do yourself and coffee that smelt rather &quot;old&quot;. I wouldn't let a dog stay in this hotel and if you can avoid it al all costs!	
Jun 25 2005 	Not exactly the Ritz	I agree with the last review - this place is the pits! The only good thing about it, was the location. Besides for that everything in the room was broken or old. This place is good for backpackers or students. Beyond that don't even think about it!	
Jun 6 2005	very clean and friendly	my girl friend book a room for us we arrieved there so help full so friendly the breakfast full of it like a five star and the room are not so big but clean the bathroom need some attention will go there again and will recomened all my friend	
Jun 2 2005	perfect and friendly	stayed therewith my family and ejoyed highly recomended the hotel in referbished and clean	
May 12 2005	A dump	Advertised amenities not provided, e.g., no hairdryer, no functional TV or room safe, no bath. Lamp was hanging from wall. Towels not provided initially, had to walk three stories down and then up to get them - no elevator. Water temperature ranged alll over the place. No plug in sink. Junky furniture in room. Breakfast questionable (expect to eat somewhere else). Also, hotel demanded payment in advance in contravention of booking arrangements. Need to be very careful if you are a foreign visitor, because your credit card will likely not be charged in pounds: it will charged in your own currency, in my case at a worse rate than my own card company would have applied. Strongly advise to make sure the charge is in pounds, and not your foreign currency - be very careful. But basically you should avoid this place at all costs.	
Apr 4 2005	Never again	Stayed at the King Solomon Hotel for one night 25 September 2004. The hotel was supposedly being renovated, and we had a room on the top floor (no elevator). The room was shabbyand not particularly clean. The bathroom was decrepit, with no stopper in the sink, and a shower that did not drain. In the night we were treated to loud conversations outside the door between other guests - minimal sound-proofing. We did not have the breakfast. The location was convenient, but this did not compensate for the shortcomings of the hotel. The one positive was the pleasant and helful desk clerk, from Sri Lanka, I think. Needless to say we will not be back.	
Feb 14 2005	Held to ransom	We booked a room here for business purposes for two nights through the internet where credit card details were taken. On trying to leave this morning (incidentally his room was likened to the broom closet) he was detained as they tried to get us to fax through a photocopy of our company's credit card saying they do not accept internet bookings. We offered to give the details again over the phone or fax through signed confirmation but refused to photocopy the credit card (is this legal). Having no joy with the hotel (our gentleman was still detained there at 10am) I phoned the internet company that we had booked through. I gave them all the details and was told to call back in fifteen mintues. When I finally got through after an hour our gentleman had had to give them his credit card details as well just so he could leave the premises all the internet company could tell me was that this was their policy. No apology and no agreement that this matter should be made very clear on their website. We are disgusted and as a large company will be taking our considerable business elsewhere. 	
Nov 12 2004	Shabby but useful	The beds uncomfortable, breakfast was best avoided. But its 5 minutes from the Subway, its in a nice area (lots of bakeries and shops), the staff were pleasant, and it suited our needs perfectly.	
Sep 3 2004	Don't go here!	Stayed one night in the King Solomon, never again. Room poky, curtains falling to bits, shower disgusting. Corridors filthy, breakfast poor. Would not return	
Jun 13 2004	terrible	one of the most unpleasant hotels i have had the misfortune to stay in room was shabby curtains were untouchable,bedside light hanging of wall,shower room disgusting,carpet damp at side of bed complained about the light nothing done, we only stayed two nights out of three and god knows how we managed even that.	
Jun 13 2004	????????		
Aug 27 2009 	a noi e' piaciuto		
Aug 27 2009 	Zona tranquilla stanze grandi per famiglia		
Aug 22 2009 	GALE		
Aug 5 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jul 11 2009 	pas si mal que ça !		
May 24 2009 	Attenzione alle tariffe!		
Sep 5 2008 	che sporcizia!!		
Aug 26 2008 	Che squallore		
Jan 2 2008 	"HOT HOT HOT"		
Nov 3 2007 	Preis/Leistung stimmt		
Aug 19 2007	Cauchemar !!		
