Nov 11 2009	Probably the best deal near the Tower of London.	The hotel was a bit worn down and had a small elevator. Watch them for unwanted or extra charges. The rooms are clean and not too small. It is close to the Tower of London and the Aldgate tube stops.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent.	Very pleasant stay. Excellent location - handily located about a 2 minute walk from 2 tube stations.Room was excellent, clean and comfortable although only a single bed. And the decor is Breakfast was good but very expensive. Room was expensive in my book (£150/night) but I guess in London terms that is quite reasonable for such a good hotel.Recommended, and would definitely stay again provided I wasn't paying the bill!	
Sep 24 2009 	decent place good location	It is an acceptable hotel. The rooms were clean. Easy walking distance to the tower of London. There was no parking onsite, but some parking lots not too far away (1/3 mile). The staff was not all that friendly, though, souring the stay.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Overnight Stay at the Chamberlain	Stopped overnight in a twin room number 410 light airy and plenty of space, more than some more expensive hotels that we have stopped in. The staff were all excellent and very helpful. Room and bathroom were well prepared and clean, breakfast was in with the rate and was good but wouldnt have been worth the £16 each if it wasnt.The location is on the fringes of the City and at five oclock the bar and local bars were bouncing but everyone had gone home by nine.We walked down to Tower Bridge which was nice to see lit up at night. i would have no hesitation in stopping again but it may not suit someone that wants to be in the thick of it tourism wise.	
Aug 14 2009 	Wonderful Rooms with Attached Pub	As you can see from the title, I was mostly excited about this hotel because it is owned by a London brewery (Fuller's) and had an attached pub. Not to mention I booked what I thought was a pretty good rate for a good hotel 135 pounds a night (a hotel in my home town costs more than that!) on the hotel website. The location is excellent, it is right off the Tower Hill tube stop and that tube station has only a small number of steps to drag your suitcase up.The hotel has a lift. The twin room we were given was fantastic. Messages from the hotel staff (who are all very good) appear on your TV. The bathroom was huge, with shower AND bath. Oh yeah, TV next to the bathtub. Big shower. Bath robes in the closet and a very nice turndown service that leaves bath slippers. If I had used a bath towel during the day and after the room had been made up, the turn down service would replace it with a fresh towel.The air conditioning was wonderful. I have stayed in London hotels with none. But in July and August it's essential to have it. And this one was always nice and cool. In fact, a bit chilly first thing in the morning. Good thing you have the robes!Breakfast did not come with our booking so I only went to the pub for dinner and drinks. The pub had six different cask ales on offer. Which far exceeded my expectations. The menu was reasonably priced - for London. The food, which was quite good, was always delivered in a timely manner. The waitstaff that I interacted with was made up entirely of non-Brits, but all spoke English well and had minimal problems with my American accent. In fact, I found them to be especially curious about the US and we spoke often about traveling in the US. Perhaps that's why over the course of the week I found the service to be very good. But for me it was.My only complaint is the noise level. We had a first floor room (second floor if you are an American). I could hear and feel the subway train and hear some of the road traffic as well. From my room I could hear the water pipes from the nearby rooms whistle when someone was showering. I am a light sleeper, but this noise didn't appear to upset my sleep patterns all that much after the initial recognition that it was there.	
Aug 14 2009 	Nice hotel - Very uncomfortable bed	The hotel is beautifully decorated, clean spacious rooms. Bar area is very well decorated and atmospheric. The area is quiet at weekends. Recommend St Katherines dock behind the tower hotel which is pretty and has bars and restaurants there. Staff were very friendly and helpful, though a few people seemed to have problems checking in. All was fantastic apart from the mattresses on the bed that I could feel the springs through, though other rooms may not have the same problem. It doesnt matter how nice the hotel looks if you don't get a good nights sleep.	
Aug 13 2009 	Good value for money friendly staff good location	this hotel was great for the money good location next to tubes and tower of london/tower bridge.Staff were friendly and helpfull. We had breakfast included which was the continental buffet which was ok but the english breakfast was priced at £16.50 so we had to pay and extra £4 for a basic english breakfast. Rooms were ok for money but we werent in the room very long lol	
Aug 7 2009 	Definitely get a weekend deal	For us this was a terrific little landing pad for our arrival in England. We got a great deal at 1800hotels, but we could probably have done better if we'd call them directly. I don't mind so much because we got upgraded to a a &quot;luxury&quot; room. The posted price is ridiculous, but it's targeting business clientele with expense accounts.The room was comfy and the bathroom was great--a wonderful shower. The location is excellent. The staff were unevenly pleasant and helpful. The ladies were lovely, the men more on the surly side. The one breakfast we had there was disappointing, but we mostly slept through it as we dealt with jetlag. Surprisingly, the restaurant was quite nice for dinner. Internet access was convenient. Nice little hotel.	
Aug 6 2009 	Lovely hotel exceeded my expectations. 10/10!	Considering my husband and I usually stay at Claridges when in London I was a bit worried about booking a cheap hotel but having been credit crunched we decided to just book a hotel that offered a nice bedroom rather than the whole 5 star experience we usually have. I need not have worried. The hotel was of a high standard and the staff were incredibly helpful indeed. The rooms were wonderful: striking a nice balance between modern yet tastefully traditional. Loved the marble bathrooms and robe and slippers in the room. Nice touch. Breakfast was excellent (continental inc in our room rate) and the service prompt. Coffee was dire but everything else delicious. Little pastries, fresh fruit, yoghurts, cheeses, hams etc. They even warmed your milk for your (albeit horrible) coffee if you wanted which I particularly liked. The only thing that I felt the hotel could do better on is the size of the beds but then I am spoilt. At home we have a kingsize bed and like I say we usually stay at Claridges so maybe this is the norm elsewhere? The beds were standard double and the mattress 'bouncy', a sign that it is not of good quality in my opinion. But the linens and pillows were fantastic. A king or even queen size bed would have been better.An excellent base for exploring London as the Minories is nice and quiet at the weekends and only a 2 min wallk to several tubes or down to the Tower of London where you can catch the Thames Crusier Boat. Super fast, great value and a lovely way to see London from the river. I felt the money my husband and I paid (£164.00 for 2 nights B&amp;B through GreatLateDeals.co.uk) versus the quality was outstanding and I was very impressed indeed, in fact it exceeded my expectations. 10/10!	
Jul 21 2009 	Good value if you get a weekend deal	As reported by other reviwers this is a very good hotel just up the road behind the tower of London. The rack rate shown in reception is £230 a night without breakfast. This is a bit over the top to say the least.However we paid only £135 for a saturday night and £55 for the sunday night. and this was including breakfast. The breakfast was excellent too, if a little bit chaotic and slow, The rooms are spacious for London and teh Aldgate tube station is only 100 metres away. There is a bus station across the road. The area is pretty dead at weekends and teh hotel bar/pub closes at 11 pm.	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Chamberlain Hotel for three nights. My husband had to return to work and my sister arrived for seven more nights to sightsee with me. The staff were most friendly and helpful. The hotel and room was clean and beautifully decorated. It was also very quiet which we appreciated after busy days sightseeing. The location was ideal -- only two blocks or so from the Tower of London and right near the underground. They also had free internet so I was able to connect with family at home. I would DEFINITELY stay there again and recommend it without reservation. Thank you to Alice and others who made it such an enjoyable stay for us!	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice hotel good location	Chamberlain is conveniently located near the Tower of London. The room was very nice. I only stayed for 1 night, but my impression of this hotel was very favourible.	
Jun 15 2009 	"Great find"	Booked direct with the hotel &amp; received a great deal.On arrival the booking in procedure was perfect, the smiling receptionist was pleasant/ friendly and asked all the right questions &amp; made you feel that they were pleased to have your business.We were upgraded to a roof terrace room which had all the &quot;niceties&quot; .The only thing which dissapointed me was the cooked breakfast- and I can see from previous reviews that this stands up- it was very poorly presented, but on the upside actually tasted quite good. Certainly say that the management and staff are doing a very god job - well done, and would have no hesitation in staying again.	
May 24 2009 	Good hotel in quiet area	The Chamberlain is a great hotel for a few days' stay in London. Situated just a few minutes from the Tower of London in a quiet area that practicalley &quot;dies&quot; in the weekends. Very quiet, but not far to go to experience more life. Quiet at night. The room was great, well-furnished, and the bathroom was wonderful. Nice touch with the TV in the tiles on the wall of the bath-tub. The beds were good, and the room had coffee- and tea-making-facilities, and a minibar. Cleaning was good. Pub and restaurant close to the reception. We ate in the restaurant one evening, and that was ok. The only down-side was the serving of breakfast. There was a total lack of logistic when serving the breakfast - up to five people serving a half full breakfast room, but still we had to wait for over 45 minutes to get egg and bacon. This seemed to be reality for the other guests as well. Everyone in the breakfast room seemed to be annoyed, and we saw several people leaving the room before they got served. Seemingly, the staff worked hard, but they didn't manage to organise the work. It was actually worth a study, which I recommend the hotel management to undertake. Other than that, the hotel was great, and next time we are in London, we will definitely consider to stay there again.	
May 12 2009 	Lovely	The rooms at the Chamberlain are very nicely decorated and very comfortable. The cooked breakfast is delicious, although quite expensive. Service at the hotel was very good.Location is great for visiting the Tower of London, or if you're a business traveller as it's in the City. The hotel is very close to Aldgate station, so no problems with transport. However, at night it is quiet as there are not many restaurants nearby, and if you go on the weekend, the few restaurants that are around are closed, as are most of the shops! However - this would not stop me staying there again, it was a delightful hotel, and the walk to the tourist attractions and restaurants did me good!	
Feb 6 2009	Great location good value	I have stayed in the Chamberlain in the past, but it was usually for business. This time I decided to stay for a weekend with my bf and it was an average visit. We checked in on the Fri evening and checked out on the Sun afternoon. Check out was 11am, which is quite early for a Sunday but when we asked on the Friday about extending the check out, were told to call on the Sunday morning. There was no problem and it was probably nearer 12.30 when we leftcheck in was prompt but the receptionist was just doing the job, could have been a bit more friendly, didn't ask if we needed help with anything else. We called later that night to see if there was ice machine on any floor, but there was none. No complimentary water in the room either which you would expect in most hotels.Breakfast was included, but only continental. An extra 4 GBP for the full English..my bf had this and was not worth 16.50 GBP. For anyone on room rate only, you are better off to head out and get a cheaper meal. Location is very good. On Friday night however, there are many clubs and pubs around and it is very nosy. Come Saturday though and it's like a different place, sooo quiet!We got an excellent rate on a discount website, so cant complain much more. However if I had paid the room rate directly from the hotel site I would be looking for a discountRoom was clean, shower wasn't great, toiletries minimal, but there were big towels!Cant imagine I would be back, but if I am sent with work I'll put up with it	
Feb 3 2009 	Clean recently decorated good value for money	Stayed here for two weekend nights in Club room in January at very reasonable rates(£80 per night including breakfast for 2). The room though not very large, was clean, well maintained and recently redecorated in Edwardian? style (oak style furniture), as was lobby and restaurant. Slight stain and wear on dark carpets only visible sign of age. Well isolated from Pub section. Club rooms overlook moderately busy road but good sound insulation so this was not a problem. Check in and service efficient and unobtrusive - no problems or complaints so didn't get to test it out. Location suited me and should have been easy access to Cityy airport viaTower Gateway station, but unfortunately closed at time of visit. Short walk to Tower hill station and Riverside bus nearby direct to Tate and Covent Garden. Reasonable walk to restaurants in Brick Lane or bus to Covent Garden. Close to Tower of London, otherwise business district with a few business pubs and restaurants. Particularly enjoyed breakfast with lots of fresh fruit available. Hotel at weekend was well suited to mature couple on romantic weekend break with a tight budget.	
Jan 7 2009 	Love this hotel	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel both Saturday nights. It is a beautiful hotel settled right in the quiet city district so no outsie noise on weekends and only a 5 minute stroll to both tower bridge and the tube. Excellent location the bar next door to the hotel is lovely and serves lovely reasonable priced food. Excellent base for a weekend trip to London to see the sites and for a bargain price of £89 who can complain. The rooms was very reasonably sized and immaculately clean with fresh towels etc, receptionists were lovely and the buffet breakfast was superb. I would definately stay here again. As for the person who was complaining about the hotel, I think they stayed in the wrong one!	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed ay Chamberlain Hotel in November 2008 and it was a very pleasant experience. The hotel looked even better than on the websites. The rooms were large, nice furnished and very clean.We would stay again at the Chamberlain Hotel.	
Nov 10 2008	Loved the hotel and location	Great weekend rates - because the business district is quiet at weekends, some people dislike the location, but we found it a real bonus. Tubes were quiet and less than 5 minutes walk away. We found receptionists very friendly and welcoming, and they sorted out a problem with my bill very quickly. The bar staff are also very helpful and friendly. We loved the breakfasts and the bar meals were very well priced for London. Hotel is close to Tower Bridge, Tower of London and a very short bus ride to St Pauls. Use an Oyster card and plan your journeys by bus and tube to minimise costs to travel to other sights. Sightseeing bus stops just outside Tower - recommend for first time visitors.Will definitely stay here any time i am in London. Stayed in nearby 5* hotel last time and the Chamberlain beat it by a mile for service and value.	
Sep 19 2008 	love the chamberlain	we loved the chamberlain hotel we stayed there for two nights at the start of our holiday. the room was just nice if a bit small but for only two night and london standards it was great. excellent value for money at the discount rate we paid. if had to fault something and i am picking at straws it would have to be that to find somewhere to eat close to the hotel was difficult because the hotel was located in the business district however it was not even a two minute walk to the tower hill tube station, where you could get just abouot anywhere you wanted to eat. overall concluision i would recommend staying here as it is clean comfortable safe and friendly. just a small note i think there is the worlds smallest plasma in the bathtub.	
Jul 29 2008 	Overpriced and run down	This was my 3rd stay in the hotel, via work. There are much nicer hotels in London for less money. The rooms are clean and small. On this stay the sink had no plug, this was not replaced following my request, nor where towels provided! The roof in the bathroom had mold growing and was covered in stains. In general the fittings in all of the rooms I stayed in did not fit flushly, and gives the impression they were fitted together quickly. Also none of the TV's in the bathrooms seem to be working, and are very old. So don’t be fooled by the hotel description. However the beds and sheets are very nice and the main room looks homely. Overall I cannot recommend this hotel. I feel many of the reviews for this hotel are exaggerated by people who know no better.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Hotel In London	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend stay in London. The hotel was really clean, and the service was really good. The Chamberlain is in the business district of London, so it is quiet at the weekends (and there are not many restaurants open). This was ideal for us, as we are light sleepers, and it meant a really good nights sleep. The tube is literally 60 seconds around the corner, so for daytrips and evening meals we were able to go out and about easily (even with my wife in high heels), and London was our &quot;oyster&quot;! The breakfast at The Chamberlain was really good. A nice selection of items for either the continental or full english.Although we checked out on Sunday morning, we were able to keep our bags at the hotel until Sunday evening. This was great, as it meant we didn't have to lug our suitcases all around London (and Harrods!).The weekend rates are really competitive. The following link was the cheapest we could find (about £80 per night, including breakfast). http://www.benbow.org.uk/chamberlain.htmI would recommend the hotel to anyone, and will be staying here again for future weekend breaks in London.	
Jul 10 2008 	Beautiful hotel close to transportation	The hotel gave us an up graded room which was larger and was one of the nicest hotels we stayed in while in Europe. The staff were very friendly. The room was equivalent to the Raddisson rooms we had in Amsterdam &amp; Copenhagen. The tube and buses are very close by and the breakfast they included was excellent. We could have the English breakfast as well as anything from the breakfast bar. You are only 5 minutes walk from ther beautiful Tower bridge. They have special weekend rates because it is in a business district where some of the restaurants and pubs are closed during the weekend. We just had their big breakfast and took the bus to an area we wanted to discover for the rest of the day. I would stay there again for sure!The weekend rates make it more reasonably priced than alot of the other hotels in London.	
Jul 4 2008 	Nice hotel	Stayed here for one night only - it is set above a pub on a busy City thoroughfare, but the rooms are well protected from the outside and are very clean and comfortable with all the usual facilities. Good location for exploring the City and there are lots of nice places to eat nearby.Recommended.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great for us!	Had a really enjoyable weekend stay here - we were upgraded to a superior room which was really nice.We didn’t find the location at all inconvenient (as some people have mentioned) tower hill tube station is just a few mins walk away (as is Aldgate) so all of London is very easily accessible from here, it was actually nice to stay somewhere a bit less hectic!We walked to the globe theatre ( the purpose of our stay was to see mid summer nights dream) which took about 20 mins &amp; was quite a nice walk,– added to the fact that its so close to Liverpool street station, the one that we use so its perfect for us.The staff were really friendly &amp; helpful, &amp; we also thought the breakfast (that was included in our discounted nightly price of £88) was very good too.We will definitely stay here again &amp; have no reservations about recommending it to others.	
Jul 4 2008 	Excellent value.	Booked this hotel at an excellent rate with Otel.com.Very pleased with the cleanliness and comfort of The Chamberlain. Room was a very good size for a London hotel and breakfast was good with a lovely choice of fresh fruits.Very conveniently situated close to the Tower Of London and Tower Gateway station.Would definitely consider staying here again when visiting London.	
May 15 2008 	Lacking something	We spent 2 nights here in May, when my partner and I were attending a family wedding. Great rates, and all in all a very clean well presented hotel.Just a couple of minor gripes about the hotel and location:1. In the City, so don't expect any nearby restaurants and bars to be open at the weekend....it's just DEAD !!2. Air conditioning not up to par, especially on a hot day.3. Bar staff terrible...didn't have a clue about customer service. Ant the bar itself closes at 10pm on a Sunday evening, and they ask you to leave and take your drinks with you !If this place really wants to live up to its 4 star rating, then it has to buck its ideas of hospitality when it comes to food and drink.Having said all that, couldn't fault anything else!	
May 6 2008	Nice friendly (and a really good deal at the weekend)	I spent a Sunday night in this hotel in late April and was very impressed. The reception staff was friendly, the room nice and well presented. The bar nice and not too crowded on a Sunday evening. The continental breakfast delivered to the room was huge and taste. So overall a really nice stay!As somebody else remarked it's a very quiet area at the weekend, but it's very close to several tube stations, so you won't be stuck there. Especially recommended for a weekend as the room rate is condiserably lower.	
May 4 2008 	Goodf hotel for category	A very good hotel in central area of London. Very clean, a large and comfortable bad, room large enough, friendly staff. Breakfast is good. London, in the morning rush, is a noisy city but the hotel rooms are well isolated even the front street rooms are OK. Hotel is near London Tower and London Bridge (2 minutes walk). Tower Hill underground station is there and you can go everywhere in Central Area of London in few minutes. When I return in London of course I will stay there.	
Apr 29 2008 	Fantastic Hotel.	We have just had a fantastic weekend away in London.It was my 2nd Visit to the Chamberlain and it was just as fantastic as the first stay I had.The reception area is great, all the staff were very friendly and helpfull and we did request our room to be ready for 11-00 and yes we did arrive at 11.00 and the room was ready.How fantastic is that, it meant we could unpack and freshen up and go and see off for our visit to the houses of parliment which again I recommend to you all.Our room was lovely and also so quiet.Breakfast is great and the dining room had been redecorated and was nice before but even nicer this time.It also great that for a London Hotel check out time is 11-00.I cant fault the place its so handy for buses, and tube.Also recommend for anyone going to london order your Oyster card before you go and that is so handy for using around London and cheaper of course.The surrounding area was different this time because I went for 2 nights this time the area on Friday night was busy, not rowdy had a good atmopshere. Then come Saturday completely different everything was closed so was extra quiet.Cant wait to go back it wont be very long.Great value for money for Weekend rates.	
Apr 5 2008 	Excellent service	I go to London on a regular basis and I must say that this is the best hotel I've stayed at in this price range. The room was clean , quiet and comfortabe and I have rarely come across such professional, friendly service! The only minus is the area on a weekend as most places are shut for business (the hotel is in the financial district of London) but the tube station is nearby so not a big problem. However, more and more places seem to stay open for the tourist in the City these days so you won't be totally stuck for places to eat/ drink. Liverpool street station is very close. Highly recommended!!!	
Mar 31 2008 	An enjoyable stay	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for one night, at the weekend. I thought it was very good value for money - having got a deal for bed and breakfast for £80. Normally, the rates are much higher and do not include breakfast, so felt we did very well!The hotel was nice, the staff very polite, and the rooms clean. Breakfast was a continental buffet, which was tasty. The only downsides I felt were the fact that not all the channels worked on the television, and the much-hyped tv in the bathroom didn't work. This wasn't too much of an issue for us as we were only there the one night and went out, but if we had been looking to stay in and relax, I would have felt cheated. All in all, I enjoyed my stay. I would not, however, pay full weekday prices that don't include breakfast.	
Feb 26 2008 	very good	very clean hotel ,helpfull staff ,only one minute from aldgate tube station,food good,b&amp;b only £190 for fri/sat	
Jan 10 2008 	Brilliant small hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a blissful two nights last week.It was easy enough to find (although the area wasn't one that I was familiar with). Also, it's only 5-6 stops away from Westminster on the underground, so perfect for those travelling into the heart of the city.We were greeted at reception by friendly and efficient staff, who didn't bat an eyelid at our request to check in 3 hours early.The room was spacious, well furnished and clean. The much vaunted television in the bathroom was in full working order and the only complaint I could make is that some of the hotel furnishings are a little dated (while well maintained!) Great choice of TV channels for those with kids, or those tired after a day of exploring Very quiet for London and slept well.Our rate included free continental breakfast, which was tasty if unimaginative and was served by very friendly staff.Much better than most hotels in London, even those with and extra star and a steeper price!	
Dec 30 2007 	Great find	This was a surprisingly good place for a night in the City. Room was bigger than most City hotels, nicely appointed and with a lovely bathroom. No complaints at all, and the added benefit of being able to park right outside if you stay on a Sunday as we did.	
Nov 30 2007 	Fantastic Weekend Rates	This hotel offers fantastic weekend rates (65GBP for a regular room, 75GPB for a deluxe room). In addition, they include a full English breakfast (including a continental buffet) on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday mornings in the room price. The rates during the week are in the 200GBP range, and it definitely felt like we were getting a MUCH nicer room for a very cheap price (this IS London after all - 75GBP will only get you into an IBIS here with no free breakfast).We made our reservation on the hotel website 2 hours before arriving. When we got there they didn't have a copy of it yet (I'm assuming it gets faxed from a central office as they checked the fax machine) but went ahead and gave me a room at the rate shown on the printout I'd brought. (Take a printout of your internet reservation with you - ALWAYS, to any hotel - to make sure you get the rate shown on the web.)We went ahead and paid for the deluxe room which was very nice. No additional charge for our infant daughter to share our room. No view to speak of - the building next door - but we don't spend much time in our hotel room during the day to enjoy the view anyway. We were in room 101. Nice electronic room temperature controls. Funny little TV screen in the bathroom so you can watch TV from the tub! The room had a tub AND separate walk-in shower, heated towel rail, and nice bathroom amenities (i.e. soaps). Breakfast was great - they don't officially start until 7am but around 6:45 when we came downstairs they went ahead and got us coffee and some toast while they were getting everything set out. Nice continental layout - meats and cheeses, fresh fruit, croissants, etc. My husband had a full English Breakfast and I had porridge, all included in the weekend breakfast thing. Easy access to Tower Hill and Aldgate tube stations, as well as Tower Gateway DLR. We drove into the city and parked at Thomas More NCP car park (good weekend rates - around 8GBP per day) then walked the 10 minutes or so to the hotel. No problems leaving our luggage the entire next day after check-out.	
Oct 9 2007 	keeps authorisation money still locked	I was quite positive on this hotel, even after they had removed the extended mirror in the bathroom without any reason. I just asked them to return it back if possible.I stayed at the hotel from 23-Sep-2007 till 28-Sep-2007. I wouldn't say it is a perfect hotel, for the 4star rank it could be better of course. But as a unpretentious person I felt everything was okay till now. Today is 09-Oct-2007, more than 10 days from my departure from this hotel and the money on my card that had been blocked during the authorisation procedure are still being blocked. I have made already 3 times to the hotel. At first call there was a young man telling me he is busy and advising me to call later. Second time another man answered he was working for his second day in the hotel and didn't know how to unlock the card. And the third time the lady has transferred me to the reservation department, the member of which told me she couldn't find any records on me and asked me to send her email with details of my full name, dates of arrival and departure and the number of the credit card. I have written them all details apart from credit card number of course. I fain this ridiculous, she could have asked for the security 3-digit number as well. But I am still there with my credit card being locked and noon still contacted me from the hotel.	
Oct 8 2007 	Brillant Brillant Brillant	We stayed for 1 night as part of a wonderful surprise weekend arranged by my husband for my birthday.We have stayed in bigger hotels in London, which have lovely reception areas's, but the rooms have been just ordinary.Not the case with the chamberlain.As soon as you walk in the hotel, everything is spotlessly clean, and very warm and inviting. Beautiful fresh flower arrangements are in abudance throughout the hotel. The carpets were lovely and thick and of high quality.The receptionist was exceptable, even remembering our name the next day when checking out.Upon walking into our rooms, we instantly knew that we had choosen the right hotel. They were just beautiful, even down to the little details. Gorgeous High Quality furnishings and bedding and having the Plasma TV screen in the bathroom completed our wonderful experience of staying at this hotel.We are sure that anyone staying at this hotel will not be disappointed, and we would recommend anyone else to stay here.It is literally 3-4 min walk to Tower Of London, which is beautiful when all lit up on an evening.....	
Oct 5 2007	Great service	The best thing about our stay in The Chamberlain Hotel was the treatment. In a hotel you usually get EITHER good facilities, location, price or service but in The Chamberlain Hotel we found all three. We stayed for three nights and the staff were always friendly and willing to help, nothing was too much, even local information such as transport, if they didn´t know something they find out. So all in all right down to the little touches such as fluffy white dressing gowns and a plasma TV in the bathroom the stay was great and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 20 2007 	Ideal for underground	We stayed in The Chamberlain for two nights in April 2007 and recommend the hotel for its location for Aldgate underground.We booked our room over the internet and, although the confirmation was for bed and breakfast, I knew from reviews of this hotel that breakfast wouldn't be included. There is a Wetherspoons near Tower Bridge and the breakfasts there are excellent value for money (two brekkies for a tenner).The room was booked for a 1pm check out which was definitely worth paying the little extra for. As our room was on the second floor we didn't hear any noise from the Underground, but I understand that rooms on the ground floor suffer from the vibrations from the trains.There was an excellent welcome tray, the rooms are extremely clean and the hotel upgraded us to a roof terrace room and so the balcony was a lovely extension to our room.The Chamberlain is close to Aldgate Underground which serves The Circle Line and Metropolitan Line, within walking distance to Brick Lane - famous for fabulous curries -and the Bank of England and St Paul's.I wouldn't hesitate to stay at The Chamberlain again, especially for the television in the bathroom - just make sure your partner doesn't keep flicking channels when you're trying to watch Deal or No Deal!!!!!	
Sep 17 2007 	really friendly	I have just returned from a weekend in London, we took advantage of the Open House weekend held every year in the capital ,it is a fantastic chance to get to visit buildings not usually open to the public I would really recommend it.we stayed at the Chamberlain Hotel situated a few minutes walk from The Tower of London, the hotel was a fullers hotel which meant a fantastic pint of good london beer was on offer!The hotel has about 64 rooms and is exceptionally clean and the staff were really helpful and friendly, the only problem I encountered was the TV in the bathroom did not work and i was quite dissapointed, I had looked forward to luxuriating in bubbles whilst watching 'who wants to be a millionaire' !! but this was not meant to be!!The only other downside but I think this applies to most london hotels was the price of the breakfast, £15 for a full english we declined this as the Weatherspoons chain of pubs offer a huge breakfast for £4.50 a fraction of the price, apart from that I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great if you can get a special rate	We live just outside London so we often stay in London hotels for a night after seeing concerts or whenever we know it's going to be too late to get the last train home.We booked the Chamberlain through Lastminute.com and paid £69. For this price, the hotel was an excellent choice. The regular rate, however, is about £220.The room was a good size, and very clean. The bathroom was lovely. Overall the room felt like it had just been redocorated.The aircon worked well (something we're quite fussy about!). We were at the back of the building and our room was nice and quiet. The beds were comfy too.Re previous reviews about towels etc - check the wardrobe for spares! And all hotels these days suggest not washing towels every day (the environment and all that) so the Chamberlain can't be faulted on this front.The pub downstairs was nice for a quiet drink (quite a rarity on a Friday night in the City!). The food both in the bar and through room service was basic but nicely done. Locationwise, it's two minutes from the DLR and the tube, and from tourist sites such as the Tower of London and Tower Bridge.We were really pleased with our stay but this review might have been different if we had paid £200! Would be good if you have business in the City (ie, if the company were paying). If you're looking for high-end hotels though, this might not cut the mustard. For £200 you could stay somewhere much nicer in London, the Zetter in Clerkenwell for example, or you could save money and stay somewhere like the London Bridge Hotel, which is just as nice, and only £150ish.	
Aug 2 2007 	Not so good	We tried to book the excellent London Bridge Hotel as usual but unfortunately on this occasion they were full and were recommended the Chamberlain. The rooms were ok but we found that the much publicised plasma tv in the bathroom didn't work and there were not enough towels. When we arrived back in our room after our second day around the city we found that we had no new towels at all !! The cooked breakfast was cold and although there was cold meat and cheese there was no bread or rolls to have with it. On check out we were charged for cooked breakfasts that we didn't have and when we explained this to the receptionist she didn't believe us and went through to the kitchen to find out and still came back and told us that we did have cooked breakfast every morning !!! She eventually found someone who told her that we didn't but by this time we had decided that if our favourite London Bridge Hotel isn't available next time we certainly won't be staying at the Chamberlain !!!	
Jul 10 2007 	Great Hotel	I stopped at the Chamberlain for a week end break in July and I found the Hotel to be excelent value for money. The staff were always friendly and happy to help with any enquires. The room was comfortable and clean, I liked the tile tv in the bathroom which is something I have not encountered before. The location in the city is quiet at weekends and close to two tube stations and I ate at a Thai restaurant on the same street as the hotel and would do so again. Overall the hotel contributed to an hugely enjoyable weekend and i would definatly stop there again.	
Jul 9 2007	wow fantastic	i would reccomend this hotel to anyone, we stayed on the tour de france weekend the service was great and the rooms were immaculate. the continental breakfast is a must , very good location as its ten minute walk to tower bridge and the tower of london. lots of attractions for people to visit. we will stay again next year .	
Jun 24 2007 	Great hotel great experience!!	Stayed in the Chamberlain with my girlfriend 22nd - 24th June (Fri &amp; Sat nights) and had a brilliant time, everything was spot on from the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out! The room was very cosy and comfortable, not to mention spotless, and had everything you could expect of a hotel including the most comfortable bed you could dream of, all mod cons (tv, phone, internet access, hairdryer, trouser press etc...) and a small tv screen built into the wall above the bath!!Food was also good as we ordered room service on the Saturday night - service was very prompt and the food itself was very tasty with a menu consisting mostly of traditional English grub. One thing I should point out though, is that the items in the mini bar seem to be on pressure switches as we had a wee look round it before replacing the items, only to be charged for them on departure!The Location is good for tourists as it is only a 5 min walk to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge and has 2 tube stations located within roughly 2 mins walk (Aldgate to the North and Tower Hill to the South) which will take you pretty much anywhere in the city for a small fare.Staff were also very helpful and friendly throughout our stay.Overall, we had a great time and would recommend this hotel to anyone - we will definitely use this hotel again any time we are in London.	
Jun 4 2007 	Weekend in the smoke.	We stayed in the Chamberlain for a Friday and Saturday night so that we could go out and enjoy some of London without having to worry about heading back to Kent at the end of each day!The room we stayed in overlooked the back of the hotel but it was clean and well presented and the view was fine (Not that we stayed in the room to look at the view!). The windows didn't open fully but luckily the room had air conditioning which kept it cool during the night. The bathroom has a mini LCD screen fitted into the wall, which would be great to lay and watch while in the bath, shame I had a shower. It's a little difficult to see through the glass, but turned onto the radio with the volume up a little you can hear it easily.Most of Friday was spent in the bar after eating in a nearby restaurant. The bar is also a pub open to the public and has the full range of Fullers beers on offer as well as some bottled Belgian and European beers :) The beer was good and the staff seemed to know what they were talking about when I asked about a couple of beers I didn't know and they were happy to let me try a sample. One surprise was the table service, as I neared the end of my pint a waitress came and asked if I would like another drink! Excellent, I didn't even need to leave the comfort of the big soft sofa.Will go back again for a weekend in the town.	
May 30 2007 	Had a really great weekend	I've stayed at this hotel twice previously on business and decided to book a surprise romantic getaway for my partner. We had a wonderful time. The rooms are on the small side but were well laid out and more than adequate for our needs. It feels like a boutique hotel, beautiful decor, luxurious toiletries in the bathroom, yummy biscuits on the tea tray, fresh flowers in the lobby and the TV above the bath is a nice touch. The staff were a pleasure, so helpful and very friendly. We asked about last minute theatre tickets and the manager at breakfast went off and found all the information we needed and then gave us directions to where we needed to go. We felt so relaxed after a leisurely breakfast it was almost a shame to leave and be touristy! We walked the five minutes to the bus stop and bought a two day pass which got us round all the sights, hop on and off as you like. We returned to the peace and calm of the hotel, a lovely bottle of wine and a very restful nights sleep. The following evening we had dinner in the bar which was really nice. I will definately use this hotel again in the future, for business and pleasure.	
May 22 2007 	Really good hotel !	We've spent three nights at Chamberlain ( 18-21 May) and really satisfied with the hotel. Helpful staff, quite good location ( close to Tower London), not large, but very clean and comfortable room, nice breakfast. I've booked our room via hotelsrus website. Got a very good deal ( 81 ? for a double with breakfast ) !Before booking I checked the reviews about this hotel on this forum. Must tell you, that the reviews are not so good as my experience with the hotel. I think it's a really nice hotel ! And not to speak about the price ! They have special weekend offer. Located in the City of London, which is a very quiet place at weekends. Close to the hotel ( 5 min. walk) you can reach two tube stations ( Aldgate, Tower HiIl ). So, I highly recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to London, either on business, or just for fun !	
Mar 28 2007 	Very good hotel for City business	This is an excellent boutique hotel for business travellers, especially those with business in the City. The rooms are small but very clean and well-appointed with comfortable beds, good linen, reliable broadband internet and very nice bathrooms that include a small TV embedded in the wall so you can lie in the bath and watch your favourite show.I've stayed at the Chamberlain three times and have had a consistently good experience. The staff are friendly and efficient, and the food is reasonably good for hotel food. There is a small pub attached which is convenient for casual meals, as there are few restaurants open in the neighbourhood on the weekend.	
Jan 18 2007 	Half-decent hotel	I stayed in London for tourism for four days after a business meeting I attended in a nearby town had ended. My check-in experience was less than perfect as the desk attendant was slightly rude and not forthcoming for the information about which I inquired. On the first morning of my stay I made the mistake of trying the abysmal breakfast buffet, obviously bad so that guests are encouraged to order a la carte. The hot pot that came with the room didn't work. Twice I complained to housekeeping it was not replaced. The housekeeper did not wash a dirty glass that I had used, which I found completely unacceptable. The room/bathroom was kept pretty clean. The hotel has a bizarre perk of placing a tiny plasma TV in the bathroom facing the tub but (1) I'd never take a bath there; (2) I didn't care for watching TV in the bathroom! On the positive side, the hotel's room service and hotel bar/restaurant (Fuller's) are very good. I ordered room service once and ate at the adjoining bar once. Both times the food was good quality English fare (fish and chips, pot pie, etc.). And I'm not a huge fan of English food.When I booked a cab before my departure it arrived promptly. Wake up calls were also perfect.	
Dec 10 2006 	Good value for 99£ BB !!	We stayed one night in superior room # 409.Had our room at 3pm as promised despite the fact that they were fully booked the night before.The good thing about being on the 4th floor is that you don't feel the vibrations of the metro as some of the travellers mentioned it in their reviews. View on the inside court with emergency staircase in front, so nothing exciting, but that was not important to us. The street view would not have been much better as it is located in a business area. Not far at all from the metro Tower Hill, so that was good. The lobby is very nice and charming. Typically English!Lift: modern. Impressive. Decor: liked very much all the engraved pictures in very nice frames. The room was large enough with a table and 2 nice chairs, desk, a minibar and a TV on top of it, a nice and large bed with a cosy duvet. Air conditionning worked well. We had two robes, and 2 chocolates. Iron and ironing table in the closet, as well as a press for pants. Did not tried the TV neither the small plasma one in the bathroom. Bathroom was nice, large enough, with a bathtub and a shower. There was also a phone. However, a hair dryer would have been much more appropriated than a tv!! Front desk staff was fine. However, we would have appreciated recommendation that the restaurant was too small for the whole guests and that we could have to wait... when we arrived at 9:40am on Saturday, there was a waiting list of 20min long! As we needed to leave precisely in 20min to get to the airport, we asked for room service and that was approved with no surcharge. Took them 10 min to bring it to us. They had no more croissants, but had other pastries. However, orange juice was preserved (and not from fresh squizzed oranges) and hot chocolate had no taste... Had only marmelade and honey.Location: Not far from London Bridge, in a business area as mentioned, so not very lively, particularly at night, but that was not a problem since the metro was not far (green and yellow lines). Not much more choice of restaurants, you need to go closer to downtown for that. The hotel had a restaurant that we did not tried. Overall impression was good. We would definitely come back there!Sorry, forgot to take pictures!	
Nov 17 2006 	Ripped off with Breakfast!	Hotel convenient for City and good selection of beers in the bar (so they should be, the hotel is owned by Fullers Brewery!!), but experienced ruined by inattentive staff (everything was too much trouble), defects in the fire alarm installation (with the result that guests were evacuated around midnight and left to stand in the street with no explanation or apology) and double charged for breakfast on check out (Expedia rate expressly included full English breakfast, but this was denied by hotel)	
Oct 21 2006 	Service at the Chamberlain Hotel poor.	I arrived at the hotel at 2 p.m. on Sunday Oct. 8 and was told I couldn't check in until 3 p.m. So I went into the pub and had a light meal to kill time. At 2:40 p.m. I returned to the receptionist and told her I had been traveling all night from the U.S. and asked if she could please give me a room. Although it was now only 20 minutes before check-in time, she still said there was nothing available because it was a Sunday. I sat on a couch in the lobby and proptly fell asleep for 45 minutes until a room was available. Of the 60+ rooms at this hotel, I find it inconceivable there wasn't one ready 20 minutes before check-in time.The next morning, I asked to speak with the hotel general manager about my experience the previous day. When the receptionist called the manager on the phone and told her someone wanted to speak with her about a complaint, the manager said she was too busy.I personally will never stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 11 2006 	very good	We stayed at this hotel due to recommendations from friends. We had booked direct at a very good price. The room was not ready until 3pm, but luckily our friends could look after our bags for us. The rooms were clean and tidy and the aircon worked fine considering the corridors were red hot. We were going to use the internet at the hotel, but this seemed very expensive. We ate in the bar ajoining the hotel which was very pleasant. One downside to the weekend (Saturday) was a bar/club almost opposite that was emptying out at 3.30am so there were alot of car horns etc.Although this was not the fault of the hotel just due to the location, the rest of the vacinity was very quiet at the weekend due to it being a business district.There are good underground links just a short walk away, but this also means that you can feel the vibration when a train goes past.Overall this is a good clean hotel, in a good weekend location at an amazing price. It is close to transport links and some decent attractions.	
Sep 29 2006 	Great Location nice hotel	We were able to find a great deal on expedia and only paid $115 per night. The hotel is a great location and only a few minute walk from the Tower Hill and the Tower Hill Station. The rooms were nice and clean. Most of the staff was great, especially Nathan who helped us plan our entire day... and had some great suggestions on how to see London without spending a fortune. The AC went out in our room (it was a pretty warm night) so they offered to put us in another room. Overall, it was a nice place, great location and a friendly staff. I would definately stay there again, especially for what we paid.	
Aug 28 2006 	Glad we got a cheap deal...	I had a hard time finding somewhere in London for £80 a night with air con and a lift as we had a baby with us in the height of summer.Managed to get a deal through a website for this hotel at £80 a night (breakfast not included), that advertises in the lobby at £255 a night.The website stated that it could not guarantee our room type (a double) so when we arrived I wasn't too fussed that we were in a twin room as they had upgraded us to a larger one.Later I was a bit miffed as to why they couldn't give us a double room as we only ever saw one other person there the whole time. Where were all the guests taking up the double rooms???Anyway, when we got in the room it was lovely. Spacious, newly furnished and a great bathroom with mini plasma screen in front of the bath (separate shower).It was hot in the room but we figured they didnt turn the air on until the room was occupied. We set it for cool and went out for lunch.The hotel is in a superb location for the weekend as it is a business district and so deathly quiet on the streets, but only 5 mins walk to Tower of London. Aldgate tube station is 1 min walk away.When we got back to the hotel, the room was stifling hot (it was 35 degrees outside). I went down to reception toask if we could change rooms as the air con wasn't working and you couldn't open the window.I was told that unfortunately, their air con system was located on the roof as so in the summer it didn't work because it was hot.???????????????????????????????????????????????I'm from Australia and it gets a heck of a lot hotter there and I've never heard that excuse.I was told someone was fixing it and it should be ok soon and someone would come and open our window for us in the meantime.Ongoing saga - different staff having no clue about the air con not working and didn't know anything about workman working on it. In the end they said I could change rooms if I wanted, but when I went in to the other room it was the same situation.I think it's a case of their air conditioning is not very good (basically just blowed room temp air) and they are not sure how to handle complaints about it.The evenings were not too bad as the window let in a bit of a breeze, but it defeated the purpose of me looking for one specifically with air con so i didnt have a whingy baby at night.Anyway, the positives.Great locationGood bar but a bit quiet. Staff are a bit vague but that's London for youGood food in the bar/restaurant including hot rock cooking. They give you a raw steak on a sizzling hot granite plate and you cut and cook it yourself. Good value for the price (£12 from memory for a big steak, chips and veg).One BIG complaint with the restaurant though, was room service. I ordered a treacle tart with clotted cream to be brought up to our room as baby was sleeping. We had the lights off so when it came, I ate it by the glow of the tv.I spat out the first mouthful. There was something terribly wrong with it. I turned the light on and tried to figure it out.Turns out some genius in the kitchen had decided to use lemon sorbet instead of clotted cream. With a treacle tart???????I'm no food snob, but it is the most vile combination.I phoned the room service and after explaining the situation very nicely (i'm so bad at demanding what i want, i make it sound like its my fault in the end...), the gentleman (waiter in the bar/restaurant) said-&quot;well, what do you want me to do about it?&quot;grrrr. Just be thankful he is behind a bar and not doing brain surgery with initiative like that......I calmly said that I would like what was on the menu and what I ordered - treacle tart with clotted cream.Anyway, new one came and surprise surprise, no clotted cream, but at least they gave me ice cream.How hard is it to say you've got no clotted cream????????????? They had 2 opportunities to tell me not including when they brought it up to me in the room!!!I was half expecting it to be mashed potato......afterall it's white like cream, so thats good enough right?Bottom line is, if you want a nice hotel room, in a great location, it's winter time and you get a good price on the internet, then The Chamberlain is a good choice as long as you don't mind so-so service.But anything above so-so in London is hard to find anyway!	
Aug 14 2006 	Not a bad choice for Central London	Booked on a London hotel search engine and got a double room for £70 a night. Had considered the usual budget hotel chains, but decided on something a bit more upmarket, and what a good choice. Nice clean lobby, free internet access, and very friendly staff all either English, or speaking excellent English. Room quite small but very nicely furnished and spotless with cable tv, tea and coffee making facilities and air-con, a must for London in midsummer! Bathroom nice, powerful shower and a tv built into the tiles on the wall to be viewed whilst lazing in the bath.... Pity they didn't see fit to change the plastic toilet seat which had seen better days and bore an assortment of scratch marks from previous occupants. But that wasn't a major issue. Minories is a very quiet street, literally two mins walk from Tower Hill Station, bit out of the way of the West End clubs etc, but cheap in a cab, or better and cheaper on the N15 nightbus which runs every 15 mins. Breakfast (decent continental spread) included on weekends, but pricey at £12.95 on weekdays. Don't bother and amble into a nearby cafe for something cheaper. All in all, a very pleasant stay for the money and will go back for more... Dont pay more than £90-100 per double room per night. The advertised &quot;rack rate&quot; of £235 a night is a total joke. No way is it worth that kinda money.	
Aug 13 2006 	Great hotel in slick city district	Our experience was a very good one. This hotel was one of the best my husband and I have stayed in. The price we got via the net was very reasonable, compared to the GBP 225 they wanted had we walked in of the street (for a standard double room). The room was compact but not too small and I loved the plasma screen in the bathroom. Watching telly while having a (rain) shower was lovely and a novelty to me. Everything was very clean and the beds very comfortable. The experience was a special treat for us and it felt like it, too! Minibars are always over-priced, but if you are such a plonker you need booze or a snack late at night, then you almost deserve to be ripped off. We had a can of lager @ GBP 2.70 each but hey, we did ask for it! The breakfast we did not touch as it was too expensive, albeit tasty sounding. For people on a low budget like us, who are not too fussy I would recommend the The Pummeler's Rest, a Whetherspoon pub across Tower Bridge on the corner. Ok, so you may have to clear the table yourself but for GBP 1.99 for cooked breakfast, it fills a hole and serves its purpose. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I'd emailed them to check which tube station would be closest to the hotel and got a prompt reply. During our stay, we were treated courteously and professionally at all times. I would definitely go back and stay there. However, pubs close at the weekends so if you are on a pub crawl, you need to leave the City and take the tube to a different part of London. The pub downstairs was pleasant and served some nice snacks and proper meals and the beer was lovely and well kept.  So, if you want to have a bit of London away from the hustle and bustle and some city slickness, then I can recommend the Chamberlain. Very close to tube, Tower of London and London Bridge, you are in beautiful surroundings where you can also chill out.	
Jun 29 2006 	bookings not reliable !	We have been guests for business visits to this hotel at least a dozen times. Bookings are always made by our company. We learned recently that the hotel overbooks. Even after confirming our reservation (they even give you a reservation number) our room was given away to others and our booking cancelled without notice or explanation.We found out from others that it is new policy to overbook and rooms are given away to those who appear first. You will never be sure to get the room you thought to have booked.Hotel staff &quot;ässisted&quot; us to find a new hotel but sent us to the wrong hotel on purpose.	
Jun 7 2006	We Loved It!!	Maybe us Irish are not used to quality hotels(ha ha he he ha)but we were well impressed with this gaff.I took my beautiful girlfriend here on a birthday weekend and we had a great time.The checkin staff were extremely pleasent and offered a morning newspaper if required.Our room was quite large and very clean,with an excellent double bed which we made good use of later!! Sleeping i mean you filthy minded person!!!!The bathroom was perfect-Spotlessly clean,big open glass shower,heated towel rails,beautifuly tiled sink unit,oh,i almost forgot,a plasma tv screen in front off the bath!!!!.It rocks man!We had a good nites sleep without any noise or hassel.I recommend this hotel to any romantic couples seeking a nice time together.Don't listen to the moaners,it's what you make it!!!!	
Jun 7 2006	Brilliant!!	Myself and my husband have just returned from a trip to London. We stayed at the Chamberlain hotel for 2 nights. We loved the hotel. Excellent value for money, great breakfast included. Rooms lovely, very cosy. The lovely duvets made it hard to get out of bed. Tea making facilities, Iron, a safe, excellent shower. We will stay there again. Staff friendly and helpful. The hotel was very quiet at night time, no noise or disturbances at all.	
May 25 2006	Warm 	As we arrived wet and cold from our walk from the Liverpool tube station the sight of the Chamberlain's inviting lobby and smiling desk clerk were a welcome sight. The Chamberlain Hotel is located about 5 to 10 minutes walk from the Liverpool station but with the drizzle coming down and the light failing I got us a little lost on our way there. We had booked a twin room with tickets to the Tower of London and continental breakfast for L107.00 for the two of us. Check in was quickly done and as we wanted supper at the restaurant we dropped our bags off and headed to the dining room as they were to close in 15 minutes. Although we were the only diners the service and meal were great; potted prawns, chicken with vegtables and trecal tart. Our huge room was lovely two very comfy beds with down pillows and duvets. Regular pillows are stored in the closet. A big bathroom with rainfall showerhead, heated towel bar and a TV for while you bath. A TV, plug in for laptop, mini bar and coffee station were all available also. The room had wall to wall windows and black out curtains. After a great nights sleep, quiet and so comfortable with the duvets we went down to breakfast. The continental breakfast buffet was fresh and had enough variety to satisfy us. Ceral, muffins, croisants, toast, fruit, yogurt, juices, meat and cheese. They also offered a full english breakfast for an additional L4.00 each. We only had a few hours in London before our return trip home so choose the Chaimberlain due to its close proximity to the Tower of London and St. Pauls catherdral. It was very quiet on Saturday most shops were closed but for us it was an ideal location. I would stay at the Chamberlain again when in London.	
Mar 19 2006 	Good business hotel	Stayed in a superior room with lovely bathroom with walk in shower &amp; TV. Bed was comfortable and room size OK. Room service menu had a decent, although unadventurous selection. Service was good. I would definitely stay here again when on business in the city if I could get a reasonable rate. Weekend rates are good value, but I prefer the Apex or Grange in this area at the weekend as they have leisure facilities.	
Feb 7 2006	A good enough choice -for london	After basing my decision primarily on guest reviews I booked this hotel. It was well located (easy access via Aldgate station), in a business focused area, which made it very quiet over the weekend. The rooms were nice and well decorated. Generally small, but I guess that's 'typical' for London. However, it fell short on a few details, a couple of broken bathroom fixtures and the cupboard door wouldn't close. Not the end of the world but I expect better from a 4 star. I would recommend it however, as I may have just had bad luck with my room.	
Jan 9 2006	Excellent - Great Value	Like most reviews this is a very good value hotel. It meets the basics in terms of location (5 min walk from Tower Hill), comfort (great bed and well appointed clean rooms)and somewhere to eat and drink with the pub attached. The service was good and at only £70 per room, this was 3 to 4 star luxury - plasma screen in bathroom, mini bar, good sized rooms for a fraction of the price. Well worth staying here.	
Aug 31 2005	Pleasant stay		
Aug 8 2005	Shambolic		
Jul 29 2005	Superb		
Jul 27 2005	Convenient Business Hotel		
May 30 2005	Excellent Hotel		
Mar 22 2005	Disapointing!		
Feb 14 2005	Very Good		
Aug 10 2004	Wonderful Easter Stay at Special Rates		
Jun 8 2004	Good hotel		
Feb 20 2004	Location for business		
Jul 4 2009 	?????????????????		
Mar 18 2009 	Super bien mais un peu loin du centre		
Mar 11 2009 	Perfecto!!!!!!!!!		
Aug 4 2008	Comodissimo e pulitissimo		
Jul 24 2008	Volé		
Nov 20 2007 	Hotel Chamberlain: Opinión		
