Oct 26 2009 	Think twice or maybe three times!	Basic does not even come close when reviewing this hotel. We were told by the lovely housekeeper that she would find us a good room - well I'd hate to see the others!!!The bed sheets was clean (thankfully) but the duvel cover was filthy. The furniture was tatty, really old and mismatched. The bathroom would have made a good broom cupboard, the shower cubicle dirty and even a shorty like me kept banging my head on the sloped ceiling when trying to use the sink.The cooked breakfast was ok - hot and greasy, but edible. Would rather have gone for the continental but the choice of open bowls of cereal and rotting fruit didn't really appeal.	
Oct 25 2009 	I was suprised nothing wrong with this friendly place	I read all the negatives but was totally suprised with the Great Staff, friendliness, and Great room. It was safe, Clean, and close to everything. I'M VERY PICKY on where I stay and I would highly recommend this place. The Breakfast was outstanding. There is a TESCO store right accross the street for all your needs. 2 blocks from the new city Mall with the bus and train station located there as called harrow on the Hill. Easy commute to London. The owner, and his staff were so friendly. The Pub had many locals that were entertaining and friendly. One fellow that looks like Jesus but is a renowned Stone Mason who restores Historical Places and Churches. I saw pictures of his work. I myself would go back to this hotel anytime. Harrow is such a clean and vibrate city. So much to do and see there.	
Jul 26 2009 	surprisingly good	Was a bit apprehensive having read some less than complimentary reviews but Raj was so helpful and not at all pushy on the phone that we decided to take a chance. Having dealt with an extremely rude receptionist at Best Western Cumberland - who was eating and talking to her colleague - while dealing with my prospective booking and a totally bored &amp; disinterested female at Harrow hotel I wondered if we should by pass Harrow altogether !!. I am so glad we persevered. On arrival at the Lindal we were warmly greeted by Raj with the offer of complimentary drinks - which we declined due to time constraints. Our family was very spacious with a double &amp; two single beds - the most comfortable beds you could wish for. A full size bathroom at one end of the room and toilet &amp; washbasin at the other. Yes the wallpaper etc could be updated but we didn't come to view the decor, we just wanted clean comfortable beds and a bit of space to unwind after our busy days - and we certainly got that. The breakfast was more than adequate - copious amounts of cereals, juice,toast,tea &amp; coffee and full English for anyone who wanted it, in a clean &amp; pleasant dining room. The small bar is very much typical old style English pub and adds a nice touch of authenticity. However it is the excellent staff that make the big difference in the Lindal - they all seem to enjoy being there from the chef who popped his head out of the kitchen with with a friendly greeting,the charming and ever helpful Spanish waitress, the night porter who didn't seem to mind when we disturbed him unannounced at 3 am to the charming Raj who made sure we didn't leave without our complimentary drink. We got fresh towels &amp; refills of tea/coffee etc every second day, we had blissful undisturbed sleep, lashings of hot water in the shower ,safe car parking - a few minutes walk from Harrow with its easy access to London and all at a reasonable rate. Yes we will definitely recommend it to friends and hope to return next year - and will no doubt comment on the refurbishment about to commence next week.Ann Galway Ireland	
Jul 7 2009 	Dirty	The staff were friendly but our hotel room was dirty. Dirty cofee cups, stains down the walls, mould on the windows and in the bathroom soap tray. Holes in the ceiling where the bathroom light came through. Empty shower gel cartons left in the bathroom, dead insects on the floor. It definately doesn't warrant a 3 crown rating and was not value at £140 for a family room. I would not advise any one to stay there	
Jul 4 2009 	Good for Price	I enjoyed the night at the Lindal. We'd blocked off four rooms due to a family function and price was the over-riding consideration. Well I reckon at £59.00 for a double this was pretty decent value. The owners were very helpful and seemed genuinely pleased to see us - unlike the corporate chains. The hotel had its own bar and I felt the en suite rooms were OK. But I write this from a male perspective - my wife on the other hand didn't like it much at all. Indeed the bath in the bathroom was grubby, yes the decor of the hotel was horribly dated and yes the breakfast was swimming in grease. Buy hey, it was £59.00 for London.Tube: Harrow on the Hill 10 minute walk.	
