Nov 21 2009 	DIRTY.	I do not recommend anyone in their right mind stay at this hotel - period. Even though it is conveniently located by the tube and the park - 5-8 minute walk, the hotel is going through some major renovation in the hotels. They are not renovating the rooms. My friends and I stayed here for two nights, we wanted to cancel our reservation entirely but they wouldn't allow it. They would charge us for 1 night stay if you cancel the reservation. If you stay for that 1 night, they'll charge you two night - twisted sales positioning. We were so frustrated, we stayed the required 2 nights and canceled the third night and made a completely new reservation somewhere else. The hotel room was disgusting, we had a kitchen in our room. The room was dirty and looked like roaches probably infested this place. The hotel staff was not too welcoming either. They were willing to move us to a bigger room if we paid some ridiculous rate, so we asked to see it first. We were all very horrified at their upgraded room. It was no better than the room we had. Save yourself the money, time and worrying about whether or not this hotel room will turn out okay and book somewhere else. I wouldn't stay here again - so i wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they clean up their act - staff &amp; room quality.	
Aug 8 2009 	Decent place if you're on a budget.	My husband I stayed here for three nights while we explored the sights of London. It was easy to find and close to two tube stations. They were very strict about their check-in times, and so when we arrived from the airport at 11am we had to wait 3 hours before they would let us into our room. Luckily, they safely stored our luggage for us. The rooms were small, but functional with a small t.v, wardrobe, and night tables. We had our own bathroom which, while small, was very clean and fine for a short stay. The bed was not the most comfortable, but again, fine for a short stay. I would recommend this place if you're on a budget and won't be spending too much time in your room. The neighborhood felt safe, but their weren't very many good restauants nearby, just small cafes and curry houses. The hotel breakfasts were fine...yoghurt, toast, boiled eggs, cereals, juice, coffee, and tea.	
May 3 2009 	GREAT CAUTION!	I am aware of &quot;on the cheap,&quot; but The Paddington Hotel was close to being just plain BAD. When we first got to our room we noticed immediately there was NOT a chair in the room. The windows were filthy. The top of the closet on which we placed our emptied luggage was filthy. The television was ify. TWO days we did NOT get complete room service. I finally placed the coffee serrvice in the middle of the bed, dirty cups, no coffee .... had just been ignored. AS well, we were &quot;given&quot; two plastic cups for water. After the two were used and disgarded, no others ever appeared. As well as the coffee service I placed the &quot;sort of&quot; soap dish from the bathroom with NO soaps replacing the ones used. The breakfast was sort of adequate. The hotel staff across the street were nice and did what they could (&quot;the cleaning staff has left for the day&quot;). They even sent a porter with ONE folding chair. At least ONE and at least a CHAIR, rather than the worn out bean bag whatever that was so low to the ground a 68 year old person (as I am) could not even get down to.JUST PLAIN and SIMPLY a TERRIBLE HOTEL!	
Jan 28 2009 	Absolutely Awful AND it stinks!	Absolutely awful, the room was so small that you could only open 1 suitcase on the floor at a time. It was the tiniest hotel room I have ever seen (despite extensive travel throughout both Europe and UK). Carpet is very old and stained I refused to walk on it barefoot, luckily I had packed slippers. Bathroom is clearly a converted wardrobe, so that gives you an idea of small it is. Bathroom is so old and awful I couldn't bring myself to even have a shower. Worst of all.. the hotel ABSOLUTELY STINKS! As soon as you walk through the door into the hallway/stairway the smell hits you like a ton of bricks and is even stronger once you enter your room. The smell is best described as day old greasy KFC chicken so unless you like the smell of fried chicken, DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.As for breakfast, at first the spread looked plentiful and varied but on closer inspection, the bread for toast had specks of mould all over it. I don't care that we were only paying 39 pounds per night (it was mid January) this is completely unacceptable.	
Sep 20 2008 	Cheap and clean	We stayed at the Paddington Hotel on two different nights a week apart as stopovers. It is very close to Paddington Tube station, a 10 minute walk. The check-in is across the street in another hotel, a little inconvenient given that the front desk wants to hold your room key when you go out for the day. Despite that, reception is very friendly and helpful. The Paddington Hotel does not have an elevator, so be ready to walk a few flights up the circular staircase to your room. The room itself is standard, nice decor, tv, bathroom with shower -- all clean. There is also coffee and tea making facilities with creamers/milk in the mini fridge. The room we stayed in on the first night was nicer than the room we stayed in on the second night -- not sure how that works but we were only there the night, wasn't going to complain. The room rate includes continental breakfast, which is located in the basement of the hotel. I wasn't really impressed with the breakfast options -- fruit, cereal boxes, sliced wonder bread, croissants, boiled eggs, spreadable cheese, instant coffee and tea. Had I known earlier, I would have skipped that breakfast and went down the street to 'Raffles' diner -- awesome, cheap breakfast with real coffee. This hotel was in a good part of town, close to the tube station in the city centre and reasonably priced -- I would stay here again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Location and Value	There are many reviews which I consider unfair regarding The Paddington. Remember this is London and accomodation is expensive, especially when this close to the centre of town. The Paddington is close to the Heathrow Express and London's joys are a relaxing walk through Hyde Park away. I consider it great value and would book again.If you want a huge bathroom and fancy facilities, either increase your budget or look further out of town. If you'd rather spend your money on things other than a place to rest your head, book at The Paddington. I spent my savings on a deluxe dinner at Gordon Ramsay's ;-)Steve BarbutoPerth, Australia.	
May 17 2008 	Was afraid but it was a great bargain	I scrutinise reviews before I visit hotels and the ones for Paddington put the fear of God into me. I went expecting rats etc. but I left feeling clean, happy, fed and satisfied with absolute bargain.I understand that other people may have had bad experiences, maybe we just got the best room (number 8) and were prepared for what to expect.I went away with my boyfriend and it was a nice city style room to stay in. I expected the hotel to be accessed by popping across the road to the other hotel and over there it was a nice reception, no faults in service although if you make a late booking as I did I advise that you call them as they hadn't read the email to say I was coming and got confused. They have a 24 hour reception and look after your keys while you are out. Across the road, the Paddington is smart and clean as the official pics show. Our room, number 8, had no marks or dirt, even when I checked inside the bedding and under the bed and shone all the lights at once. So, I ventured, barefoot, to the shower which worked and was warm etc. and used the sachets of toiletries. I'd take your own if you are staying for longer. There is just shower gel and shampoo.The bed was comfortable, the tv worked, there was nice furniture and even with an extra armchair there was room to spare.I had an idea what to expect with breakfast but to be honest I paid less than my train ticket to stay there for two people with breakfast (65 pounds). Yes, the lady supervising the food was on the phone the whole time and would not talk to people but I didn't care, there were croissants and jams, bread to toast (the toasters are in the nice sunny breakfast room), hot chocolate etc. to make and lots of orange and apple juice. The only thing I didn't like was the slices of processed cheese but I just had cereal instead. Honestly, if the other rooms are the same, I'd say the Paddington is a treasure in London. Plus you are next to Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate Tube and of course, Hyde Park leads to the V&amp;A etc. Enjoy it, just don't expect silver service.As for the stairs, earlier this year I paid 600 euros for a week in Barcelona on the 7th floor of a difficult stone staircase so being on the 3rd floor with not that many above, accessed from a gorgeous ornate staircase was pleasant. I wouldn't recommend it to elderly, frail or disabled people but in my mid 20s and not excessively fit I was not out of breath.Well, I think I've made my point. If you are on a budget £65 for 2 people and breakfast is a bargain in a nice area. There is no lift and London pads are small but I've stayed in much smaller. The place is tastefully decorated and you can tell it's been thought out well. It's owned by a larger hotel chain I believe by the way.	
May 7 2008 	Not quite what we expected	Hello,The Paddington Hotel is well located in a nice zone with lots of public transportation. The problems were as follows: this Hotel doesn’t have an elevator (some rooms are in the 5th floor), it has carpet all over the floor, they do not gave us enough towels, the reception is across the street and they only gave us one key which we had to share, the breakfast is very poor – you can eat better and cheap near the subway station, it’s hot, the rooms have a lot of noise from the street, and some rooms are too small… Well, for what they charge we found better while we were there. Better luck to you all!	
Mar 28 2008	disgusting	disgusting.have booked loads of hotels over the years for myself and for family members and this is the first time i was embarrassed by a hotel i chose.was my sisters 40th so sent her and husband to london and boy were they traumatised.photos do not show filth and dirt that was hotel.all websites should take this hotel off of their books.disgusted	
Mar 22 2008 	Good Cheap Hotel.	This is a good cheap hotel in central London close to Kensington Gardens and Paddington tube station. Small cheap rooms, good hot showers, refrigerator, and coffee machine in room. We had a tiny room the first night we were there on the top floor, but asked to move to a bigger room that was next door and was much happer with the size and lay out. I've stayed at this hotel before in 2005 and it's a safe and clean place to stay in London. Breakfast is served in the basement and I was fully satisfied with it (coffee,juice, milk, cereal, toast, jam, and boiled eggs).	
Mar 3 2008 	Horrible horrible horrible place	We are just back in Dublin after spending 3 nights in the Paddington ( Hotel). It is a dirty, shabby place. No lift so flights of stairs are a must. Old damaged venetian blinds, old wooden windows that rattle loudly in the wind, Tv with only poor reception and a couple of channels, dirty old carpet probably hoovered but awful marks from shoes, badly needs to be replaced, all wood work chipped and damaged and shabby looking. We found a condom wrapper under the bed. Squeeky floorboards every footstep. Dining room an absolute disgrace. Down in a basement,darh and no windows, it is like a kichen in a community hall. Dreadful choice of cereal and toast and 3 Foreign women serving just hoping you dont stay for food to give them more work to do. On our second night we returned to our room and there was an overwhelming smell of sewerage coming from our bathroom. The very unfriendly porter eventually came up and, in all fairness did not hesitate to put us into another room. The fact that they had a room available on a Saturday night in central London tells you something. £60 a night we were charged and despite the relatively low cost it was not value for money.Do not go to this hotel unless you are really desperate.	
Jan 30 2008 	Sleeop 	This is a hotel for &quot;sleep &amp; go&quot; only. Very close of tube, Hyde Park and main train strations. Pls, dont ask for a great breakfast or good english. No cable TV, just air. No great views. Breakfast included: coffe &amp; milk, bread, cheese, marmalade &amp; butter, maybe orange juice. But if you want to stay just for the night, it's a good choice, and it is located in a very nice area. So	
Jul 17 2007	dissapointing	I booked this hotel by internet. Prices were good and the photos I show were nice. I was a bit worried when I read that reception was in another hotel. When we arrived there, we found an old and dirty house (not really an hotel, the hotel was across the street), no elevator, the carpet dirty and worn out, the furniture and appliances (very scarce) from IKEA, the lights very soft (maybe to avoid you seeing the scraps). I do not know who took the pictures that appear in the web site, but if I were a lawyer, I should sue them!And what to tell about the breakfast! the worst hotel breakfast I had in my live! The first to arrive got the croissant!But quite close from the tube and train station, that's true!	
Jul 5 2007 	Adequate	Booked this hotel from lastminute.com for an overnight stay following on from the Concert for Diana. Stayed in room 10, the room itself was adequate. Did not get a very good reception off the small TV which was placed on top of the fridge. The bathroom was so small could just about get in and out just! The main door had a gap with light coming through so had to put a towel in front of it to get to sleep. On the plus side the rates were good for London and the bed was very comfortable. The tube is only a short walk away. The lemon sherbuts on the reception counter were great! The breakfast is more than adequate given the rate for the room. A good selection of crossaints, white and brown bread for toast with preserves. Juices and tea/coffee plus a selection of cereals.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great If On Budget	Me and my freind stayed here for one night while we went shopping and for a night out, the hotel room was good (what you'd expect for the money) The reception staff were very helpfull and gave us handfulls of sweets when we arrived :-) We didn't mind being across the road but although we were only on the first floor i feel sorry for the people who stayed at the top of the spiral staircase!! Maybe the only thing i would suggest would be a bell boy type service?? Overall this hotel was good for a nights stay. afterall you're only sleeping there...	
May 5 2007	ok for price	POSITIVE the room was spacious, furniture ok, clean, the bathroom was a little bit small, nice areaNEGATIVEthe breakfast is terrible howeverAFTER ALLit is near the metro so it was very convenient for us, we just slept and took a shower so it was ok for that purpose:)	
Mar 20 2007 	give it a miss	We stayed at this hotel &amp; we were really not satisfied. We regularly stay at cheaper budget hotels but this was below standard, with the reception being across the road at another hotel it feels very neglected, untidy and shabby. There is a steep staircase, it would not be suitable for young children. The room were decorated in a 'boutique hotel' style but has become very run down and not very clean. We had two rooms, one was tiny, with not enough room to walk around it. The breakfast was very basic. The location was good, it's near public transport and it's easy to get to but I would choose another hotel, there's better out there.	
Mar 5 2007 	Do Not Stay! You Will Regret It.	My Girl friend booked this as a surprise whilst going to see a concert in the capital, and boy oh boy what a surprise it was!Arrived as previous reviews said at the hotel we viewed on the website where a notice on the door stated to book in at the'sister' hotel across the road. Long story short, that hotel we looked at was booked up so we were offered a room at the 'sister' hotel. Got to the room and could smell sewage. Complained along with two other couples at reception and offered another room. Wish I hadn't complained. That room was the ........pits! We slept on top of the stinking bed sheet fully clothed, where during the early hours was woken to the rustling in the corner of the room, where a rat was tucking into the biscuits in the carrier bag. We immediately demanded our money back, but were offered a place to stay at the original hotel booked. Thinking that would solve it, we arrived to a room that looked like they had tried to smarten up contempory style but I dont think 'stains' on the top sheets and cushions would impress Miss Beany. I advice anyone considering, DO NOY STAY! It really was and is the worst hotel, room we have ever stayed. A &amp; L . from Wales.	
Jan 16 2007 	Not that bad!	I was wary of staying in this hotel based on past reviews posted here, but I have to say, in terms of value for money, The Paddington Hotel was fine. The location of the hotel is excellent and our bedroom, although small, included a television, fridge, tea/coffee making facilities, and hair dryer. The bathroom was also small, but the shower was good. The decor is trying to be &quot;boutique hotel&quot; standard, but it does look a bit shabby - scuff marks on the wall, etc. So if you're looking for an okay hotel in a great location and your expectations aren't too high, then you won't go too far wrong with this hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Value	I got a great rate on this hotel, so I wasn't expecting too much. I was pleasently surprised. I was even able to check in at 9:30am - a great bonus after a seven hour flight! The room was clean and comfortable. I was most impressed with the staff, who went out of their way to be helpful. Compared with other comparable London hotels I've stayed at, this was the best. I will definately return on my next trip to London.	
Jan 2 2007 	Good value for money	I've read some of the other reviews for this hotel and I have to say, there are some things I agree with and others I don't.On a positive note, the rooms we had was more than adequate for our purposes. It was nicely decorated, furnished with a double bed, a settee, wardrobe, fridge and even a microwave! The shower was powerful and bathroom was clean. We were only stopping the night for a friend's wedding in the area so weren't at the hotel too long but we were pleasantly suprised with the hotel for the price we paid. We booked through venere.com and got a promotional price of £55 for the night which for the area was very good value for money. I know that the normnal rate is higher than this and I think I wouldn't be as happy if I'd paid this instead.I do agree that it's very convenient having to check in in the hotel across the road but it is literally just across the road and for one night this didn't bother us. Also I would agree that the staff are not friendly at all but again, this didn't really bother us only being there a night.Breakfast was quite comical, going downstairs where you a have choice of toast or cereal and if you want eggs there's little foreign (i say foreign as I'm not very good with nationalities!) lady who'll boil or poach them for you in the tiniest kithen you'll ever see that has a hatch into the dining area. Not the best breakfast in the worold for for £55 a room, who can complain!Overall I was very satisfied with my stay and would probably book again if I needed somewhere in the area.	
Dec 13 2006 	Nightmare	The worste hotel I have ever been to in my life!!!! Indecent breakfast, no lift, not clean and you have to check in another building... NO COMMENT.. and the staff very UNFRIENDLY!!!!!	
Oct 29 2006 	scam	I should have been writing this review about the Paddington hotel, however on arrival at its sister hotel (The Royal Court) which you are told to check in at, I was told in broken English that there was an unexpected problem with the Paddington and that I would have to stay in the Royal Court apartments. The apartments are clean enough but are out of date, poorly decorated and the bathroom is awful. The pictures of the Paddington looked alot better on the website so I was not pleased. I do not believe the Paddington was ever available to stay in and it is simply a con advertising it to get people into the shabby Royal Court. I would have cancelled the booking but I arrived too late to start finding alternate accommodation.	
Jul 20 2006 	Didn't stay after all - hotel was grim!	After viewing the room on the top floor - five flights up without a lift - I decided not to stay in the hotel. The room which I was given looked dirty, the carpet on the stairway was stained and looked grimey and the bathrooom was so small that it looked impossible to use. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to any traveller to London unless it gets a total facelift and clean up. Don't be fooled by the clean, crisp photos on the hotel website - it is not pristine at all! And...what the website doesn't tell you, the Lancaster Gate Tube station is closed this summer for refurbishment!	
Apr 5 2006	Not bad at all considering	FEEL FREE TO STAY AT THE PADDINGTON HOTEL IF...1. you need a decent place to sleep after being out and about all day (futon mattresses, but they were fairly comfortable).2. you would like a perfect base for getting around London (there are two tube stops within 3 blocks of your room and between the two of them, you can get to anywhere in London with ease).3. you don't mind being in a nice safe (and visually appealling) neighborhood with good clean pubs and convenient stores just around the corner.4. clean matters more than small (they call it a water closet for a reason, but the maids keep it nice and clean unless you don't want them to).5. you are not in London to sit around watching the tele (our TV didn't work that well at all, but we didn't really care).6. you are not a diehard snobbishly comparative work traveler (you know the type).7. you like having a nice light breakfast to start your day (if you want eggs and bacon, hop around the corner to one of the nearby breakfast/lunch places)DO NOT STAY AT THE PADDINGTON HOTEL IF...1. you are too lazy to handle a few easy flights of stairs (there is no lift; rule of thumb - those who complain about it need to walk those stairs much more than those who don't).2. you love hanging out in your room the whole time you are visiting (London's a big place with a lot to see. Don't bother with the TV while you are there.)3. you need a large bathroom for whatever reason (this probably goes for those same people who compain about two or three flights of steps)4. you wake up at the slightest sound of cars going by on the street below at night (it's an old building on a frequently used street, you will hear the traffic below).5. you have no sense of balance (the shower/tub floor can be very slick!)6. you like to complain about everything and can't cease comparing every hotel room in existence to some 5 star resort you managed to stay in a decade or two ago (it's a good place for the money).7. you are elderly (it may be a tough hotel to get around if you have a lot of trouble getting around)	
Mar 30 2006	Great Value In London	This hotel is a great value for money in Central London - rates between 50-60 pounds which is fabulous price if you've spent any time researching hotels in this expensive city. The rooms have been recently renovated in a modern style, are clean and the neighbourhood is pleasant. As we checked out we realized rooms are of various sizes which would explain the varied comments about this hotel. I didn't find it terribly inconvenient to check in across the street and leaving the key is commonplace in European hotels. Easy 5 minute walk from Paddington station or tube and close proximity to Hyde Park if you want to walk towards the main attractions - Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, Big Ben. Lots of local shops and restaurants and pub.	
Feb 22 2006	One of the best 3* Hotels I've ever been	First of all I have to say: You get what you pay for (more or less)don't book the cheapest Hotel, when you are searching for something in a higher standard.It was my 3rd time in England, and THE PADDINGTON was defenetly the best of this 3 Hotels.For me it's important:1. A clean room2. Good situated Hotel3. CheapIn these 3 cathegories this hotel reached 5*1. The room was made up every day. Bathroom was clean. New towels every day. Room was with carpet (clean, not dingy)2. Hotel is near Paddington Station (5 min, connection to 4 different underground lines) and also near Lancaster Gate (3 min, connection to another underground line)3. I booked via internet and payed less than 50 Sfr. (39$ / 22£) per night and person in a double room. Including Breakfast.We stayed for one week and had a room in the 4. floor (without lift, yes it was exhausting:)!!But our room was realy big. We had a refrigator. No DVD (But I never read something about DVD player in the hotel describtion)The room was wiht modern and nice garniture. I liked our room and feeld very well in this hotel!!And yes reception is in another building, across the street (2 min). But thats not disturbing for me.Breakfast was okay (in same building). Toastbread (white and dark). Croissant. 4 different jam, chees, and 3 sorts of cereals. Milk, orange and apple juice, coffee and tea.Staff is very friendly and helpful.I realy would recommend this hotel to everyone who do not except a 4* standard.Have a nice stay!!	
May 23 2005	I am so glad I'm not the only one who was appalled!	Oh my goodness! Got to the hotel and it looked closed...went across theroad to check in as instructed...and that's when I started to worry! After long discussions with both the receptionist and the &quot;manager&quot; - both who struggled to locate our booking - they finally gave us the key to our room. They told us there was an &quot;unexpected&quot; problem with the Paddington and we were to stay in this other hotel (Royal Court Apartments). Having squeezed into the lift (just about manages to take 2 adults and 2 holdall bags!) we got to our room. It was horrific. Stained sofa, tiny 4ft bed (meant to be a double) a disgraceful kitchenette and what I thought was a broom cupboard was actually a bathroom! In the 4 foot square bathroom there was a very stained, grubby toilet, a shower tray with just a curtain around it and a tiny basin. To use the toilet you would need to stand with one foot in the shower tray, if you sat on the toilet you would need to rest both feet in the tray...and to wash your hands in the basin you would need to stand in the tray!. We went back to the reception and asked for a refund. Before they gave us this they then asked us if we would like to see an &quot;Executive&quot; room which would cost more - it was bigger but certainly no better. Having left the hotel without staying I did wonder how many other people had the same experience as us...and how many people actually were brave enough to stay there. What concerns me is that the website for the Paddington looks good - and I question if the hotel is actually open......or just used to get people to book and then they all have to stay across the road.	
Apr 29 2005	Tiny but clean	Booked two rooms via Internet and stayed for three nights. One of the rooms were very tiny, the blinds were broken, traffic noise , poor fitting windows but it was fairly clean. There was no DVD-player and the safe didn't work. The other room was bigger and had a DVD-player.The best about it is the location and the staff was very friendly.	
Mar 11 2005	Tired	Booked via the description on the web ( DVD players , modern , baths etc etc) and were most dissapointed. All of the other customer reviews sum up the problems. In particular , traffic noise , poor fitting windows , pokey bathroom , tired furniture and fittings. The checkin desk is not even in the same building. I should have realised that the rate was cheap for a reason !!. I would never stay here again.The location is convenient though.I wish I had read tripadviser prior to today !	
Feb 28 2005	Awful hotel!!! my nightmare in London.....	5-6 floor hotel without elevator. What's a nightmare!!! The same key could open the main door and the hotel room(thinking about the security). The room was --- tiny plus the regular size furniture, so you can't open two luggage at the same time, even walk thru the room smoothly. The extra sink was very useful coz the sink in bathroom was suck(very very tiny sink)!!!! The room was clean but the blanket was dirty. The tiny, only 4 channel TV and tiny refrigerator was also a nightmare(not really worked). The outside was very noisy in the mid-night, even the window was closed.Breakfast was okay(Only bread, cereal, milk, coffee, tea, orange juice). The breakfast lady and the other staffs were nice but one of the receptionist guy was very emotional. This hotel only worth half to one star!!! I wouldn't stay this awful hotel again!! Don't ever try to stay!!!!	
Jan 16 2005	OK for the short stay		
Jan 10 2005	Misrepresented!!!!!		
Dec 1 2004	Clean pretty good very well located		
Nov 19 2004	the skinny (literally) on the paddington hotel		
Aug 22 2004	Great deal for London		
May 19 2004	The Paddington Hotel was perfect for me!		
Mar 24 2004	the horror...		
Mar 16 2004	Four star hotel at a two star price		
Feb 20 2004	Cheap but...		
Jul 4 2003	Can do better		
Jul 13 2009 	Per carità....		
Jan 10 2009 	????????		
Dec 26 2008 	Paddington Hotel. Mediocremente mediocre		
Aug 11 2008 	Ordentliches Hotel zum schmalen Preis		
Oct 26 2007	alptraum in london		
Nov 18 2006 	un hotel correcto		
Nov 6 2006 	Laut und eng im Zimmer		
Nov 4 2006 	aceptable		
