Nov 23 2009	Lost my reservation	My family is coming to visit me in London and I reserved a room here for my brother and I. I called multiple times a month prior to my family's arrival to confirm that they had space, make sure it was a good place to stay. All seemed to check out. I called one last time to make the reservation. She didn't take my card and said we just pay when we check in. I asked then how would our reservation be held and she said it was written down and it's fine. I asked for an e-mail confirmation and she said we don't do that. I called this week, two days before my family arrives, to confirm and she had NO reservation and are not completely booked. She was incredibly rude and the whole place is obvsiously a shame. I shouldn't have trusted it in the first place but I'm incredibly shocked that they are still around considering this amazing lack of customer service.	
Oct 13 2009 	great location spotless rooms good breakfast	1 block from the train/ Tube, clean spotless rooms, nice friendly staff	
Dec 30 2008 	Home away from home	This hotel never disapoints. We are a family of 4 and have stayed at this hotel many times. It is clean, neat and tidy and the location is excellent, only minutes away from Paddington Metro / train stations. The hotel serves a nice breakfast - English (eggs, bacon &amp; sausages) or continental (cerial, toast, buns etc). The hotel price is reasonable for London.The hotel is in the process of being renovated and is even more comfortable than before. Stay here, you will not be sorry.	
Oct 29 2008 	Some points...	We were there for 8 days, longer then any other person that stayed there during that period. Most people appeared to only be there for two or three days.The facilities are clean, neat and well kept. The location is very good, but as you walk around the area you will note there must be 100 other places to stay with-in a few blocks.The person you deal with on-line (Harry) is not the owner, but rather the owners SIL. Harry is only there for a few hours (around lunch) most daysSomething to note is the main hotel (at least) has WiFi, but to get the WAP code you have to talk to Harry (no I'm not going to post it). The owners only (sorta) know what you are talking aboutThe owners are the &quot;grumpy&quot; couple you deal with on-site. However, I noted that the husband appears to be doing &quot;less&quot; then previous reviewers have noted. I suspect, from watching him, that his health is not as good as it was a couple years ago.The breakfasts are ample, but if you want your eggs any way except runny, expect some grumbling.	
May 6 2008 	overall excellent experience	we have stayed at the balmoral 5 different times, this being the 5th and have read all the reviews posted. first i would say, understand this is a small, family run hotel. the people cooking breakfast, cleaning the rooms and doing the check-in are on location 7 days a week for over 15 hours a day. there also maybe a slight language problem as well. so there maybe times when they seem a little gruff. that being said, if you have a bit of patience you will find them hospitable and even friendly. being american, we know first hand about impatient and demanding people. everytime we have stayed at the balmoral we've arrived during the breakfst hour. everytime we were offered breakfst before we checked in. this time breakfast had just ended and it was reopened for 4 of us. the rooms are immaculate. the beds and pillows thick and comfortable. my friend, who stayed with us for the first time and is a horrible sleeper, slept 10 hours straight ever night. yes the bathroom and shower are small[most tourist hotels are] but the water is hot and the towels plentiful and large. the breakfasts are large, hot and you are served very quickly. there tends to be a crowd around 8 am so get there earlier. the location is great. paddington station and the underground are 2 short blocks away. 3 pubs around the corner. fast food and a steakhouse within short walking distances. make your reservations thru harry, the son-in-law. he's a friendly, great guy and will get back to you almost immediately. in all, my wife and i consider the balmoral our london home. just be a little patient when checking in and you'll be pleasantly surprised.	
Oct 31 2007 	Not a good experience	I have stayed twice in this hotel. Once in 2004 and again this year. The first time I stayed I had been warned about the grumpy rude owners, so I was prepared for it and just ignored it. This year I went back again and found the husband his usual grumpy self but the wife was just downright rude. I went back simply because I knew it was clean and the breakfast not bad. The first day I went down to breakfast at 8.45 and she was so rude to us saying we were too late because the breakfast was served from 7.30 to 8.30. There is no indication behind the room door saying hours and rules (just instructions in case of fire). She insisted on being paid immediately for the length of stay. I said OK but I expected a receipt. She made a big story about it, that the hotel was cheaper than others around (which I found not to be completely true because I made a few rounds in the neighbourhood) but the next morning she reluctantly gave me a receipt when I gave her the money without my asking for one again. I personally like to be welcomed with a smile not somebody who looks down at the carpet and says come in with a scowl on their faces. I will never go back there again, clean or not clean. But London is a great swinging city.	
Jul 2 2007	A Miserable Experience.	I booked through the Balmoral House website and followed up with email confimations. When I arrived my reservation had not been entered and the gentleman called for his wife. She began to abuse me verbally as if I had been negligent and telling me she'd now lose money by having to upgrade my booking to accomodate me. She did in fact give me the better room but continued to berate me until leaving me, slamming the door. At breakfast the next morning I heard a similar complaint from the guest with whom I shared a table. She even had rude remarks to make about the fact that I'd sent a friend to stay before I'd been there myself.On the subject of decor, if you're prone to motion sickness, beware. As pointed out in Lonely Planet, the room was awash with uncoordinated floral prints. I counted 5, 2 on the walls, carpet, bedspreads, draperies. Not pleasant.I travel a lot and I've never been treated as badly as was at the Balmoral House Hotel..	
Nov 19 2006 	Clean and comfortable	My 15yo son and I stayed at the Balmoral House Hotel in July this year. We found it to be well maintained and very clean. The room we had faced the street, but on the 3rd floor was not too noisy even with the window open. The bathroom was small, but spotless. The breakfasts were quite satisfactory.The Balmoral is in a great location - a couple of minutes walk from Paddinton Station and the Underground. The Heathrow Express stops at Paddington, so made arriving from Heathrow very easy. There are also plenty of reasonable restaurants with in easy walking distance.I would have to agree that the owner was not particularly friendly when we arrived, but she seemed to be under alot of stress. We found her helpful once we had &quot;broken the ice&quot;.I would stay at the Balmoral again without hesitation.	
Oct 26 2006 	OK but Landlady from Hell!	I only had to read the previous review to know it wasn't just me. This hotel is recommended by Let's Go, and I contacted the property directly. When I arrived the same grumpy landlady described by the previous reporter from Irvine tried to reneg on the price quoted. She indicated she'd quoted me wrong and didn't realize how busy they were, which is irrelevant to me, of course. When she finally relented she demanded that we pay in cash for the entire 5 days by the afternoon of our arrival. After checking in and unpacking I went to settle the bill. The landlady went psycho went I requested, rightfully, a proper receipt indicating that I'd paid for a 5 night stay in cash. She threw my money in my face, claimed I was &quot;being difficult&quot; and then said she was going to charge me for her burnt lunch that she'd had to leave in order to tend to me. If my party hadn't already checked in and unpacked after a stressful journey we would have left and sought other accomodations. THe landlady, who described herself as the owner (and, yes, she was in charge of the kitchen), was way out of line. I've never been treated like this before in my life by a proprietor. It was unsettling to say the least. It's a shame, because the accomodations and food were fine. I liked the fact that this property had satelite TV so I could catch some Champions League football matches. But nobody should have to receive the abuse I took. This property should be taken off any list of &quot;recommended&quot; properties.	
Oct 6 2006 	Unwelcoming staff	The room and breakfast were ok. The front room we had faced a noisy street. It was very close to Paddington Station. We felt like unwelcome guests when we checked in. Breakfast is served more like an assembly line rather than restaurant style. I had to send my breakfast back because there was bread under the the eggs that was not mentioned (bread will make me very sick). The same grumpy lady who checked us in was in charge of the kitchen. My meal was recooked, but not happily. I will not book this hotel again.	
Mar 14 2006	Not bad	This review is long and coming but since I am coming (2003) back to London this year thought I would do a writeup from my notes. As mentioned in earlier posts/reviews at this website the couple at the desk seemed grumpy especially when we arrived early for checkin by a few hours(or at least have a place to put our bags after flying in and arriving at Paddington station). At the time my g'friend was greek and she believed the owners to be of greek origin, possibly the ownership has changed since then.They didn't have our room ready so they did give us an upgrade at the same cost except it was across the street and was on the top floor, 4th to 5th I believe. Quite a climb with heavy suitcases and no elevator. But for the price you can'y complain as it was reasonable.And typical of upgrades done to older hotel rooms that didn't have their own baths they converted the closet into a tiny bathroom. This is quite common in the UK and sometimes require a bit of navigation to getting in! And carpeting in the bathroom, another thing common in the UK, is not that hygenic.No A/C in the room either although we didn't expect it at this price, as well its not common in older hotels in the UK.The room was clean although cramped by North American standards with 3 beds in the room. We didn't take in the free breakfast part which was located across the street in the main part of the hotel.But if you're looking for a cheap hotel that is clean, near central London, then this one is okay, just mind the grumpy owners! LOL(a bit of Basil Fawlty at the front desk) ;-)	
Jun 22 2005	A Lovely Place to Stay!	My husband and I just returned from a vacation which included a week's stay at the Balmoral House Hotel in London. After reviewing what seemed like endless reviews and comments about dozens and dozens of London hotels I picked this one because, in general, the reviews were good, and because of its great location. The descriptions said that it was convenient to Paddington Station, which has an express train to and from Heathrow.I'm so happy to report that all of the good things written about this hotel were true! Our room was very nice and always kept spotless, as was the bathroom, which was small but normal for that area. My husband and I like to walk and so we found the location even more convenient than I thought it would be. We were very close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. In fact, after a long day of sightseeing, we often spent some time in the parks to relax. We were able to walk to the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Space Museum, and also to Kensington Palace. And, one day we actually walked to Buckingham Palace, then to the Thames where we enjoyed Westminster Abbey, the Houses of Parliament, and the London Eye, then home by way of Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus, all in one day and all on foot! On the few occasions where we went places by public transportation, we found Paddington Station a good starting point for any type of train or bus, and it's only a couple of blocks from the hotel. Along the way between the station and the hotel you'll find many restaurants and shops, so if you'd like to stay in the area, you can.Our only glitch with the hotel was an issue involving our payment. By way of pleasant e-mails with the owner, Harry, I determined that we could pay for the hotel with British Pound Travelers Cheques. The night before we were leaving, we were checking out and were told by the lady manager that she could not accept them. After much discussion, including the fact that it was a bank holiday and we couldn't exchange them anywhere else, she finally did accept them. Upon returning home I sent an email to Harry explaining how unhappy I was about that problem. He explained that he and his wife were away on holiday and the substitute manager didn't understand that Travelers Cheques were acceptable as long as they were in British Pounds. He apologized and said he'd make sure she understood.All in all, I'd say we were very happy with the Balmoral House Hotel.	
Jun 22 2005	mixed feelings	The hotel itself is conveniently located very close to Paddington station. It's nothing special, but pretty clean and well kept. They can also give you discounts. Breakfast was not the best I had in the UK. Bacon was very salty and toasts were cold at times. And the old couple of Spaniards who own the place (Audi and her husband) were not very friendly. They have certain attitude problems and it shows. Guys, maybe it's time for you to retire and pass your business to people who enjoy running a hotel.	
Apr 17 2005	Not a booking Mishap - Gave our room away!	During our trip to the UK, we stayed at the Balmoral House Hotel twice. The first stay was fine save the grumpy rude man in the hotel lobby. At the end of our first stay the son offered us a 10 pound a day discount if we paid in cash, we agreed and went to an ATM. When we returned a lady was at the desk, we told her about the deal and she was dubious but agreed. The next morning while leaving my fiancee asked for a reciept and the lady began yelling at us! When she was done yelling she asked if we still wanted the reciept and we said yes. She then said fine and told us she would see us in 2 weeks when we returned. When we returned in 2 weeks the grumpy man showed me my reservation but was perplexed that the room was given away that morning. So he calls the lady in who speaks to us in Spanish to pretend she does not remember us. After a few words she made some rude comment at us and told us she had no rooms for us but would walk us to another hotel. We walked next store (I am trying to recall the hotel name) and she rudely asks the lady is she has a room for us at any rate because she did not promise us a rate. Luckily this lady was not a crook and gave us the rate I told her we were originally promised. Long story short, I would never consider staying at the Balmoral House Hotel again.	
Jan 23 2005	Wonderful	This reveiw is long over due. We stayed at Balmoral House in late April 2004 and unfortunately had an unexpected death of a parent back in the states while we were visiting London. We were notifed of the death late in the evening London time after the airline offices closed so we could not make plans until the next morning. We were visiting with our college aged son who had been studying in the UK and had different travel plans for after London so we had a very complicated trip with out the unexpected death of my father-in-law. Even before the bad news the host and hostess had gone above and beyond to accomadate our needs(giving us a quad room so we could store our son's semesters worth of luggage which we were taking home with us so he could continue his trip unencumbered) without being asked. The host and hostess of Balmoral House were sympathectic, helpful and understanding. They provided a breakfast for my husband after the dining room closed the morning after our bad news and they helped us make arrrangements to leave as soon as possible. The hotel is clean, the bathrooms are more than adequate but most of all the staff is kind, generous and went out of their way to help and provide support in time of great distress. We will never forget the kindness and helpfulness of the staff to strangers visiting their city. My thanks to them and we would never consider staying any place but the Balmoral House if we return to London.	
Dec 30 2004	Booking mishap	Last March I took a trip to England with two family members. After much research I choose the Balmoral and booked two rooms. I exchanged several pleasant emails with the host about arrival times, etc. When we arrived early on a Saturday evening the woman proprieter informed us that they had no booking for us and no rooms. She said that her son had had some family events that had distracted him and that was probably the reason for the snafu. She called the Hyde Park Radnor, two blocks away and that is where we ended up. A big disappointment. The Hyde Park Radnor was a fine hotel with great bathrooms, except for the heavy odor of smoke in the double room my two relatives had.	
Oct 27 2004	Balmoral - Outstanding London Hotel Value	The Balmoral House Hotel is a tremendous hotel value in London. It is very clean, quiet, cheerful, and the breakfast is excellent with plenty to eat. The rooms and bathrooms tend to be a bit small but that seems to be the norm in London. The staff is friendly and efficient. I have recommended it to all my friends.	
Jul 13 2004	Great Location and Price	July 2004 - We just returned from our trip to England and Ireland with our three sons (ages 16, 13, 10). We had two rooms at the Balmoral House and would definitely stay there again. The price and location are great. The Heathrow Express train arrives at Paddington Station and it's a quick walk to the hotel. The rooms are immaculately clean and the breakfast is great. The owners are pleasant and helpful. There is some good pubs and ethnic restaurants nearby (Italian, Greek and Indian) as well as a self service laundry half a block away. We paid in cash (there are several ATM's close by) to avoid the 5% extra fee with credit card. In a super expensive city such as London this hotel is a great value for the location.	
May 27 2004	Could be better	Stayed here in May 2004 and found the room to be clean and comfortable. The hosts are nice and the location is very convenient - close to the underground station and sightseeing bus stops. Yes, the bathroom was small, but I was more bothered by what seemed to be almost no water pressure in the shower. I am not sure if there are non-smoking rooms at this hotel but if you are bothered by the smell of smoke I would recommend asking. I did not ask so I am not taking points off for that. My real problem with this place was the breakfast. They stop serving breakfast at 9:00 so the small breakfast room was often very crowded after 8:30 and my last day here I ended up standing in line for a place to sit. When I did get a place, I was given toast that had been offered to someone else ten minutes earlier and was cold. The eggs had been getting more overcooked every day and that last day they were practically hard-boiled. I will probably stay someplace else next time, but if I did stay here again I would get breakfast elsewhere.	
Feb 24 2004	Great stay at Balmoral.	 l stayed at the Balmoral House Hotel, Although the rooms are small, The Breakfasts are great. l will stay again. Pjacobs @bishopamat.org 	
Jan 13 2004	Balmoral is Great	We spent 6 nights at the Balmoral House over Thanksgiving and had a very pleasant experience. The entire facility is spotless and excellently maintained. The owners are very attentive to the needs of the guests, including providing a tray of ice every night at our request. Includes an individually prepared full English Breakfast. Location is great: two blocks from Paddington, wonderful Italian restaurant (San Marcos) a block away, as is a very reasonably priced internet cafe. Only downsides: no lift (we requested and were given a room on the ground floor), bathrooms are VERY small. Also, be sure to clarify the rate you will be charged if you are going to pay by credit card. We had some miscommunication about that, although the owner resolved it in our favor as soon as we questioned it. We'll stay there again without hesitation!	
Aug 30 2009 	acogedor familiar		
Jul 29 2009 	Hotel muy limpio y lo mas importante con dueños españoles.		
Jul 22 2009 	Hotel humilde limpio y bien ubicado		
Jul 18 2009 	Hotel bien situadopero con dueños muy poco amables.Mejor buscar otro para evitar sorpresas de ultima hora.		
Jul 14 2009 	Nos trataron como bultos		
Jun 1 2009 	Perfecto El Balmoral House		
Mar 19 2009 	Como pasar unas vacaciones buenas bonitas y baratas.		
Mar 4 2009 	aceptable y comodo por encontrarse en el centro		
Feb 10 2009 	Buen hotel mal los dueños		
Jan 3 2009	desastre en el siniestro hotel !!		
Dec 30 2008 	El Hogareño Balmoral Hoyuse		
Dec 15 2008 	Limpio pero pequeño y con propietarios "estraños"		
Nov 30 2008 	Cuidado con los dueños		
Nov 26 2008 	Encantados con el Hotel		
Nov 20 2008	Cuidadín con la reserva		
Nov 3 2008 	Un hotel con encanto		
Oct 14 2008 	Buen hotel para visitar Londres unos dias.-		
Sep 24 2008 	Ideal para españoles primerizos		
Aug 27 2008 	Ideal como centro de operaciones		
Jul 19 2007 	buena experiencia		
