Nov 8 2009 	Great location decent value	The superb location of this small hotel (about 12 rooms) fully justified our choice. First the pluses: small Georgian mansion located in Bloomsbury, right next to the picturesque Bedford square, without crowds and hubbub inherent to any large or chain hotel, ideal location not only for your theater attractions but for every major Central London destination, even when walking. Clean rooms with a hint - though vague - of a boutique hotel, along with affordable (for Central London) value. The bed was really wide and comfortable. As one of the previous reviewers noted, the rooms are sound-proof as far as room-to-room sound insulation is concerned. We booked it through Expedia and got a $200 a night rate. Some reviewers complained about the room size but from our previous experience it's rather normal for Central London. Now the downsides: if you have more than a carry-on luggage it's going to be really cumbersome to drag your bags up the really narrow stairs. The front desk/concierge services looked pretty much disinterested in the hotel guests. The bathroom lacked above the mirror lighting which made the shaving or make-up close to impossible. Our windows faced Gower street, and though our room was on the second floor, the pretty serious 24-hr a day traffic was a nuisance, for the windows sound-proof quality deserves to be significantly improved. To summarize: decent hotel, decent value, but definetely not a 4-stars advertised.	
Jul 21 2009 	Grim	We thought from the reviews that this would be a smart, well kept small hotel at value for money.We booked the top price room, which was nothing like the photo on the web site, photo attached. It was fairly small and scruffy for the price we paid some lights not working and ceiling lights that went on and off when they warmed up. The bathroom was freezing cold with no apparent heating that worked and a floor with a lot of hair on it and bath with cracked and dirty tiles.The breakfast was ok except for the service from a very sullen east european who threw the plates on the table.Felt ripped off when we left.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wonderful time at Staunton Hotel!	I am a returning guest at Staunton Hotel. Excellent spacious rooms, outstanding service from an incredibly helpful and friendly staff! They always offer the best English breakfast!! The most important feature of Staunton Hotel, is that the rooms are soundproof! So, it’s the perfect place to relax! All in all, I like Staunton for the great quite rooms, warm atmosphere and superb breakfast. I highly recommend staying here!	
May 31 2009 	Clean and convenient	Great hotel that is affordable, clean, and in an excellent location. The Goodge and Russell Square tube stations were short walks away, and allowed us to travel all over London without wasting money on a taxi even once. The included English breakfast each morning was excellent. The room was very clean, and was updated from what the hotel's website shows. One thing they should advertise is that there is free wireless internet in the rooms, and they also have tons of electrical outlet adaptors you can borrow. The only negatives were that the bathroom was small (though clean and modern), the soaps/shampoos were not very good, and the concierge could be more friendly and helpful.	
May 22 2009 	My first choice - everytime.	I have to visit London generally once a month, and even in the capital I avoid the large corporate hotels - I originally choose The Staunton a year ago because of it's location near my office, but also from the reviews on Tripadviser.I now make it my first choice when booking a hotel in London, and am most disappointed if they are fully booked.I have of course stayed in several different rooms, and they have all been spotlessly clean and well furnished. The staff are always friendly and helpful, and the breakfast is excellent.I would also recommend the restaurant &quot;Paradiso&quot; just around the corner in Store Street for good inexpensive Italian cooking.	
Apr 24 2009 	Nice hotel good location	I stayed at this hotel in April with my husband and 15 year old daughter for 1 night as we were going to see Oliver at the Drury Lane Theatre (which was brilliant). Previously we have stayed at the Hyde Park Radnor but this time I wanted somewhere within walking distance of the theatre. It took us about 15 minutes to walk from Euston station to the hotel. The lady on reception was polite and helpful. Our room wasn't quite ready and as we had bought sandwiches at the station, she suggested we walk to nearby Russell Square where we could buy tea/coffee and eat them there. Russell square is like a very small park with a cafe and fountains so this was a nice way to pass half an hour. We were allocated a room on the third floor at the back of the hotel. I had requested a quiet room in my email and they had replied straight away that that was fine. There isn't a lift but we needed the exercise anyway. The room was nice and clean and spacious even though they had had to put a single in as well for my daughter. Our bed was 6' wide and had lovely soft pillows and nice white bed linen. There were tea/coffee making facilities. The bathroom was spacious and had a bath which you often don't get. There was a small selection of toiletries provided and plenty of towels (although the bath towels were a bit small). The room was warm but there is air conditioning if you need it. In the morning we went down to the breakfast room in the basement. It was nice and clean though not all that big. It wasn't busy when we were there though. The waitress was polite and efficient. There was a selection of cereals, yoghurts, juices, fresh fruit etc and we had a nice english breakfast. It only took us about 15 minutes or so to walk to the theatre on our first evening and it was nice to be able to walk back afterwards and not use the tube. We had had dinner at a nice Italian restaurant called Paradiso which was just around the corner from the hotel in Store Street. The staff were polite and efficient and the food good especially the desserts which were lovely. We went to the Victoris and Albert museum whilst in London which we enjoyed. There is so much to see there. They have a very good cafe too and also a small garden outside with a fountain where you can buy coffee/cakes etc. It was lovely sitting out there soaking up the sun. On the second evening before we went home we had dinner at another Italian restaurant in Charlotte Street called Bertorelli's. This was only about 5 minutes walk from the hotel and again the food/service was very good. There are several nice restaurants on Charlotte street. It was ideal being able to walk back to Euston and not worry about tubes and taxis. We would definitely stay at the Staunton hotel again.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel great location great value	Small hotel in Bloomsbury that includes a great English breakfast. Comfortable rooms, ensuite bathrooms - everything was clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 15 2009 	I had a perfect stay at the Staunton	I stayed at the Staunton with three friends. We had great rooms, and the location of the hotel was very good. The breakfast that we were served was better than most places I have been to.The staff was helpfull and after returning to London after a trip to the countryside they helped me with a room when I could not check in at the hotel where we had reservations due to my claustrophobia. This is where I will stay next time I go to London. Thanks to the staff at Staunton.	
Feb 25 2009 	Terrible start but got better	I stayed here for 4 nights during February 2009. I was at a week long conference in Islington and booked this hotel through Hotels.com, based on the location, price and mostly positive reviews on Tripadvisor.We checked in quite late on the Monday night and my first impressions were good; the hotel was clean and tidy, the gentleman on the front desk was perfectly hospitable and my room (B2) was a decent size.All seemed well, but unfortunately it didn't take long for the problems to set in. Firstly, half the bed was completely soaked through. This was disappointing but nothing major and I was happy enough to just sleep on the other side of the bed!However, the major issue came when I turned off the TV and tried to go to sleep. There was a loud noise from outside the window; at first I thought it was a road sweeper driving past as I was on the basement level however the sound didn't stop. I looked outside my window and to my horror there were 4 large extractor fans right outside the patio style window. The noise was unbearable; I tried to sleep through it but by 12:30am I'd had enough and went up to reception to request a room change.The gentleman on the front desk was again very helpful. He freely admitted that I wasn't the first person to have a problem with the noise in that room and sorted me out with a room change for the remaining 3 nights of my stay. He said I must be a light sleeper as my colleague hadn't complained, but as I discovered the next day there were no fans outside my colleague's room (B1) and an outer dividing wall between the outside of my room and his for good measure. My colleague couldn't believe the noise in my room either when he checked it the next day and said there's no way he'd have been able to sleep through that.I don't blame the staff at all, but for me this shows a serious problem with the hotel management. There's no way on earth the room I had should be in use with the noise levels as high as they were. Clearly I wasn't the first person to complain about this, yet people are still booked into that room which is poor practice, especially for a 4* hotel.Fortunately, the room I moved to for the remaining 3 nights (302) was fine. In addition, breakfast was good and as I mentioned, all the staff were friendly and professional.It's fair to say that if I'd been booked straight into room 302 I'd have nothing bad to say about this hotel, but in all honesty I wouldn't go back because of the risk of getting booked into B2 again. Goodness only knows how bad my stay would have been if they hadn't had an alternative room spare for me.	
Jan 20 2009 	A Real Find	We normally stay in the Strand Palace but needed a hotel with a triple room. On checking in we were allocated two rooms instead at no extra cost, in this instance this was not a problem. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were well presented. The breakfast choice was very good. Although it was a bit of a walk to where we needed to be we will definitely stay here again in the future.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great location and nice room	We had a one night stop here for a visit to &quot;theatreland&quot;. The room was very well presented with a great rooftop view. Friendly service, we could check in from 12.00pm and breakfast was good. We were a 10 minute walk from the main part of Shaftsbury Ave, but still in a quiet road. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great place to stay	The Staunton Hotel was a great find. Staff were friendly and welcoming, the rooms clean and quiet, the breakfast fast and complete. It's also close to the British Museum, good places to eat on nearby Charlotte Street, close to shopping on Oxford Street, and close to at least two different underground stations.I was worried about noise levels based upon other reviews, but my room was perfectly quiet. The single room is a little small, but definitely more than adequate if you are not planning on spending large amounts of time there.Good hotel at a fair price. Highly recommend it.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Location Hospitable	The hotel is sited in a very good location, close to the British museum and only a 5 minute walk away from Leicester Square, Covent Garden and Soho. It is a classic old English building, newly renovated and with excellent sound isolation. The room was very satisfying and clean. The breakfast was light but tasteful. The staff, very friendly and hospitable. It could offer, though, the same things at a lower price. The web-site photos depict excellent what you get and they are not misleading.	
Aug 31 2008 	superb	we stayed in this hotel at the end of august for one night, the hotel is situated a five minute walk from the dominion theatre where we saw we will rock you. Upon arrival we were welcomed and told where our room was up 2 flights of stairs but was offered help with our luggage. Our room was lovely and clean big double bed and plenty comfortable for two of us. Breakfast was served downstairs in the basement, choice of ceral, fruit yoghurts and juices help yourself plus full english breakfast to order. leaving your luggage after youv'e checked out is also no problem. A great find and would return if we went to london.	
Aug 13 2008 	Staunton Hotel	We are a gay couple who stayed at the Staunton Hotel from July 31 to August 3, 2008.Positive:+ Very clean and well-sized rooms.+ Laaaaaaaaaarge, comfortable double bed.+ Good situation, less than 10 walking minutes to Tottenham Court Road Station (underground) as well as to Oxford Street and Soho (shopping and theaters).+ Very friendly and helpful staff, always available for any kind of questions.+ Good breakfast, either English (the orders were often mixed up by the staff, though) or cereals, yoghurt and fruit (buffet). No eatable bread, just toast (but I heard this is normal in the UK). Rather small breakfast room.+ FREE safe and WLAN.+ Gay friendly.Negative:- Quite expensive at GBP 129.25 a night (taxes as well as breakfast, WLAN and safe included).- Sometimes a wee bit noisy despite the double-glazed windows.(- No elevator, for those who are depending on one.)Summary:A good choice which has its price.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great value for your money	Booked throught the website www.eurostar.com, we stayed in a very large room (standard quadriple room with 3 persons) with a clean and average in size bathroom. The staff were very friendly and the continental breakfast can be extended to a full English breakfast without extra costs ! Location is very good: in a stroll of 10 minutes you are standing in the beginning of Oxford Street and in 15 minutes you are at Leicester Square. I will definitely return here on my next visit to London.	
Aug 10 2008 	Problems at Staunton Hotel	Our stay here in early August got off to a bad start when we arrived with our teenage son and daughter to find the receptionist had made a mistake with the booking, and had allocated us only one double room instead of a double and a twin. She hastily found another room for the children - but it meant they had to share a double bed, and their room was two floors below our own - not very convenient.Apart from the double bed the children's room was fine - spacious, air conditioned and with a flat screen TV - but our room (no. 102, on the first floor) was quite small, and there was no fan in the bathroom. However, the worst problem was the air conditioning unit up on the wall, which rattled continuously and kept us awake much of the night.We mentioned it to reception the next morning, but the second night the unit was even noisier and we ended up switching it off and opening the window - only to be deafened by the traffic noise.Breakfast was okay - although on the second morning I could have done with a magnifying glass to find the (single) tiny croissant I was given, and the jams and marmalades tasted cheap - but it wouldn't hurt the waitress to smile once in a while.The receptionists were friendly, the rooms were clean and the hotel is in a good position for sightseeing and theatreland, but we couldn't have stood a third night in our room because the noise made sleep impossible. We expected better from a 4 star hotel.	
May 21 2008 	Friendly and very nice	This was a very nice hotel with extremely friendly and helpful staff. Check-in took only a minute, checking out likewise. The hotel is small and has a homely atmosphere. Our room was clean and beautifully furnished. Wireless Internet in the room was an added benefit. I recommend this hotell!	
May 7 2008 	Great B	My husband and I booked this B&amp;B (hotel) after reading some great reviews on Tripadvisor. We took our daughter to London for her 18th birthday and booked a triple room. The room wasn't ready when we arrived but we were able to leave our luggage and check-in later. Check-in was pleasant and smooth. The room was a really good size especially for a London establishment. Beds were comfortable and the room was well equipped, clean and had a good sized shower in the bathroom. There are only 17 rooms so noise was minimal. The extra sound proofing on the windows also helped block out some of the traffic noise. There are no lifts that I could see which could be problematic for those with mobility problems or difficulties with stairs. Locationwise the hotel was perfect. We were a 10 - 15 walk from Oxford Street. The staff were very pleasant and we would definitely return to the Staunton. This hotel was perfect for us.Before we arrived I emailed the hotel to ask them to recommend a good Italian restaurant nearby. We booked a lovely intimate restaurant on Store Street (just around the corner) called Pizza Paradiso. The food was very good however I think the waitress was inexperienced and lacked confidence when serving us. I would return to this restaurant and hope for a more experience waiter/waitress.	
Mar 27 2008 	nice Stay	I'd stayed in Staunton with my family from 21 to 25 of march 2008 . Hotel is very nice , accomodation, room, services and personnel very good. Before of joining the hotel, I was a bit worried becouse I'd read not a good opinion about the hotel written by a u.s.a traveller, but after having stayed in the hotel ,belive me , I'm very happy to have choosen Staunton and I suggest it to everybody interested to stay in a nice place . A special remark for brekfast ladies and personnel of reception alway ready to support and assist the guests G.Armento- Vimercate ( Mi ) - Italyg.armento1@virgilio.it	
Nov 21 2007 	a lovely hotel	having stayed in this area before we knew it was convenient for euston railway station,this was our first stay at this hotel but certainly wont be the last,everything about the hotel was great,a lovely room,bathroom,everything was spotless.the staff could not have been nicer,nothing was too much trouble,location is great most tourist spots within easy reach,theatres just down the road,this is one property i would definatly recommend	
Oct 30 2007 	Great place	Four-day stay in one of the boutique hotel's single rooms, which was a bit of a tight squeeze - but isn't it always for singles in London? I was pleasantly surprised by the professionalism of staff and cleanliness of the rooms. Breakfast was excellent - a choice of omlettes, full English, or continental. A lovely little solarium tucked away in the lower-ground floor was a pleasant surprise. One negative: there was a morning when I awoke to the repetitive sounds of air in the pipes - you know that loud vibration that rattles the house? - that must of awoken the dead. It was resolved within a half-hour. New hallway carpeting was being installed on the day I was leaving. Overall, very good value for money - especially in London. (Plus, there's a fantastic Italian restaurant - Paradiso, established 1934 - on Store Street, about two minutes' walk from the hotel, where its menu claims the Marx Bros ate there on their only visit to London.)	
Oct 24 2007 	Staunton is by far the best hotel in London that we have stayed in	Went to the Staunton Hotel to meet family in London, and was very surprised at location, comfort, and quality of breakfast for price.We have been ripped off in London too many times to remember, but this is a family run, friendly hotel (although it is listed by many as a B&amp;B), in an excellent location and very good value for money.We are a family of 4, and staying here meant that we could all stay in a family room, which when you compare this to being forced into 2 double rooms in most places, makes this even better value. The full english breakfast is unbelievable, and with it you can keep sightseeing all day then just stop for tea (my favourite part of staying away).Thank you to all at the Staunton. This has been by far our most enjoyable stay in London, thanks to you.	
Sep 24 2007 	lovely	A bit pricey, but this is a lovely hotel - good location, nice room, clean and very comfortable. Great breakfast, served to you promptly and politely. No bar, and no porno films!	
Jul 4 2007	disappointing	Spotless room and big bathroom.Was promised a very quiet room - &quot;my favourite&quot; said my correspondent's email when I wrote to check- but given one beside reception and with staircase very close.But much worse : what's the use of nice spotless room when the mattress is awfully soft and springs prevent you from sleeping ?Was told had benefited from discount price - that's why the bad room location ? - which turned out to be wrong : I paid the - much too high- regular price.Was very disappointed cos' I like people to give clear and honest information when I book a room. But this is London !Next time, I'll try one of the Bn'Bs on the same street.	
Jul 4 2007	A gem of a hotel	After a slightly difficult telephone conversation with someone from the hotel over an overbooking issue I arrived with a bit of wariness as to what reception I would receive. I should have had no worries at all. I received a warm welcome from the lady who I think was one of the directors of the hotel. The hotel had a very nice atmosphere. The room I was assigned was large, quiet and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was on the small side but that is what you come to expect in London so no real problem there. Only problem is that of no hairdryer but once again, given that I had read review on Trip Advisor I had brought my own, it was no real problem. Perhaps it is something the management could consider.Breakfast was excellent, a very good selection served in a very pleasant breakfast room in the basement.All in all a good experience, so much so that I have already booked there for my next trip in August.	
Jun 23 2007 	Poor customer service rooms not as advertised plumbing issues.	The rooms in this hotel are starting to need a face lift.On a five week trip through Europe, including three weeks in England,and 10 days in London, Staunton Hotel was the worst hotel we stayed in. We stayed at the hotel for 5 evenings - way too long.It was a big birthday weekend for me, so I splurged. It was the most expensive hotel I stayed in during the entire 5-week trip. My folks called the hotel before we arrived and asked to have a bottle on Gin and Tonic delivered to the room. The hotel delivered it to the wrong room, and then left the bill for us! Surprise, surprise. Happy birthday! The other room also got a fruit platter, which we did not.I reserved a &quot;Principle Room&quot;, which according to their website &quot;Our spacious principle rooms reflect the style of the Georgian era when this house was built and occupied by a wealthy merchant family.&quot; If this was true, I feel sorry for the wealthy merchant family who had to live in the room. The room was small with a single window facing the rear of the hotel.We traveled with another couple, who did get a more comfortable room,similar to the one pictured on the hotel's website. It was larger andhad three windows.It was difficult to take shower because the temperate controls did not work. It has a shower faucet with an electronic temperature control that maintains the water temperature. It is worn out, so you can't read it, and the knob would not turn. It was stuck. We told thefront-desk twice that the water control was not working and that the temperature was scalding hot. They said someone would take care of it, but nothing was ever done. When we did try to take showers, I would turn the sink faucet on to try to siphon off some of the hot water from the shower. I had to jump under the water for a few seconds to rinse off, and then jump out to protect myself from being burned. Not fun. The bathroom would quickly get really steamy. The bathtub has a glass shower separation that really does not stop water from flowing onto the bathroom floor.When trying to shower, I kept thinking how much we were spending on the room, and it really ticked me off. The cost of the room is nothing compared to the Dorchester, but definitely enough to deserve a decent shower.Two lights burned out during out first night in the hotel. We told the front desk the next morning that some of the light bulbs needed to be replaced (and we wanted them replaced since we did not have much sunlight in our room). Of course, after four days, they did not get replaced. Even with the light over the sink itself working, the lighting in the bathroom is poor and it was difficult to shave.The room needs a face lift. There were holes in the sheets, the curtain had a rip in it, there was mold on the shower mat, the bathroom countertop was coming away from the wall, the sink stopper was missing from the drain, and placed in the soap dish for us to view. We tried to replace the drain-stopper, but realized it was broken. Overall, it was a high disappointing experience. The hotel obviously knew it was an important event, but they did not seem to care, gave us a lousy room, and delivered a gift from my folks to the wrong room.There are much better hotels in London, at better values than the Staunton. If you do reserve a room at the hotel, I recommend that you call ahead and make sure you are getting was is advertised, and hope the plumbing is working properly, because in my experience, the staff will ignore you once you arrive.On a positive note, I do like the area, near Bloomsbury. It feels less touristy. Many of the shops around the hotel close on the weekends, so you might have to walk a bit for dinner.Thankfully, we stayed in a different hotel the remainder of our trip in London, and had a much, much, much better experience, for a much better value.	
May 29 2007 	Very pleasant stay for a good price	The Staunton Hotel is a conveniently located, well-priced, well-run little gem of a hotel in London. I had a very hard time finding decent lodging in London for under $200 US per night; I’m very glad I ran across the Staunton on Trip Advisor! I booked a room through the hotel’s website, 4 nights in a room described as “queen for single use” or something similar. I arrived in a bit earlier than scheduled (1 pm) but my room was ready. Service at the front desk was friendly, helpful and prompt, and there is someone at the reception area 24 hours a day.My room, on the third floor, had a queen bed, a small changing nook with closet and drawers, and a large bathroom. It was fairly generous for one person, compared to other European hotels I’ve stayed at. The room faced the back of the property and overlooked the roof of adjacent buildings. The view was not much to look at, but it was very quiet. The room was very clean, although the carpet and bedding were a bit worn.The room did not come with a hair dryer, but when I asked at the front desk, a full size hair dryer was provided for me to use throughout my stay. (I hate the anemic hair dryers attached to the bathroom wall in other hotels!). Unfortunately, I couldn’t find a proper outlet in the bathroom or the main room so I had to plug it in behind the TV, which was a little awkward but not the end of the world.Breakfast, included in the room rate, was quite good and generous: cereals, fruit, yogurt, juice, toast, eggs, beans, sausage and bacon. It was a great way to fuel up before long days of sightseeing.For me, a hotel’s location is the most important factor after cleanliness. The Staunton is extremely convenient to several subway lines, bus lines, restaurants and shops. The British Museum is less than two blocks away. It’s less than 20 minute walk to Oxford Street, Leicester Square, and Covent Garden - all in all, a great base for sightseeing, shopping, and dining. The immediate area surrounding the hotel is quiet and pleasant, but busy enough that I felt safe walking around at night.The Staunton is in an older building and American travelers should be aware that it is really more of a bed and breakfast than a hotel. It lacks some modern conveniences like lots of electrical outlets, or an elevator. There is some noise from adjacent rooms. The shower water pressure was excellent, but sometimes the temperature of the hot water was variable. I never had a cold shower, but the water would go from hot to hotter and required constant adjustment. My main complaint is that the bed was quite lumpy and could have used a pillow top cover or foam pad to cushion the metal springs. I folded the quilt and slept on that to make it more comfortable. Overall, given the rest of the amenities and the price, these were not major issues, but others may disagree.The Sunday night internet booking discount advertised on its website was automatically applied to my rate when I checked out, making it quite a good deal for London (95 GBP / night). I would definitely stay at the Staunton again.	
Apr 28 2007 	Always very welcoming and no hassle	I have now stayed here on many occasions and the location is excellent, with Russell Square and Goodge Street tube stations a short walk away. All staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are comfortable, clean and non-smoking, but you need to be patient with the plumbing sometimes. The rooms come with AirCon, safe and digital freeview.A good full breakfast is included.Gower Street can be busy with traffic, but I use earplugs, so it's not a problem. The higher rooms and those on the back are of course quieter.It can be a haul up to the rooms on the third floor as there is no lift.The prices are not the cheapest, but I have already booked to stay here on several future visits to London, as this hotel suits me well.	
Apr 14 2007	An oasis on Gower Street	A lovely hotel, excellent staff, spotlessly clean. Our rooms were large and clean with new towels and linens. The bathrooms were new and nicely done. They served a wonderful breakfast with lots of fresh fruit, cereal, and full English breakfast as well. Staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful. A nice sitting room in the reception area. Everything was bright and cheery.	
Feb 5 2007 	Best hotel Best staff great owner. spotless great value for money	This hotel is amazing, large spotless roomsgreat staff &amp; the owner Mr Gigi is fantastic, so helpful, a real gentleman, I have stayed in many hotels in london over the past 25 years &amp; this number 1 by a mile. great value for money.Thanks for everything Mr Gigi &amp; staff, see you in june 07Gabriel Gabriel	
Nov 23 2006 	A good basic hotel but nothing special	I stayed here for two nights while on business in London. The single room I was given seemed perfectly adequate. It fronted on to a side street off Gower Street but the traffic noise was hardly noticeable. A safe in the wardrobe was a nice touch and there wasn't an extra charge for it. Surprisingly however there was no hair dryer. It didn't matter to me as I had no use for one but they are generally part of standard hotel facilities at this stage. I had no problem sleeping: Gower Street is quiet at night and the bed was comfortable. The following morning however I experienced the one problem that has caused this to be a less than enthusiastic review: the shower didn't work properly. Try as I might I could not get the water above slightly lukewarm. The result was my being more refreshed than I wanted to at that time of day! After the generous full English breakfast I mentioned the shower problem to the lady on reception and asked her to have it fixed. On the second morning however the problem persisted. Another cold shower, on a cold November morning, to start the day! This is enough for me to seek alternative accommodation the next time I'm in London. A pity, because it is a pleasant enough hotel with friendly staff and the location is great for the West End.	
Oct 23 2006 	nice stay friendly management	Stayed here in july 2006, had a very nice stay. Hotel is clean, private and friendly. I had a nice long conversation with the gentleman running the hotel. He always greeted me in or out and really knows how to make you feel welcome. Breakfast was good, room was a bit small, but we are talking about London. For the price, you wont find anything better. Nice area by the way, close to the British Museum.	
Oct 22 2006	Great stay very nice great location.	Had a great stay at the Staunton in September and would recomend it to anyone looking for a reasonably priced centrally located small hotel in London. Located very close to the British Museum and also Oxford Street. Nice comfortable rooms and bathrooms and a decent hearty breakfast in the morning. Can't go wrong.	
Oct 5 2006 	Superb all round	The Staunton is a clean hotel with bigger rooms than you´d expect in this price range in Central London. If you´re on the top floor beware there is no lift in this hotel.Staff are very friendly and efficient and breakfast, which is included in the price, is served within a few minutes.The hotel is superbly situated in Bloomsbury, within walking distance of four tube stations (Goodge Street, Tottenham Court Road, Euston Square and Russel Square) and numorous bus stops. When going to or coming from places outside Central London there is always a train or bus taking you practically to your door step. Within a 15 minutes walk you'll find theatreland and a vast amount of restaurants, pubs and shops, so there is never a need for late night travel. Superb.	
Sep 11 2006	Ideal hotel for theatreland	We travelled to London with friends to see a show, have a meal and do some sightseeing. After viewing various hotels on the internet we eventually booked the Staunton hotel from the reviews it was given. We were NOT disappointed. The hotel was very clean, the staff friendly and helpful, the rooms very spacious, clean and ideal for what we wanted. The location was excellent for what we wanted, just off Tottenham Court Road. We had 4 rooms in this hotel and we were all very happy. I would definately recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 15 2005	Basic good for the price...	5 nights in early November - we booked on uk.laterooms.com, getting the price of 486 pounds total cost. Though the people at uk.laterooms were very pleasant &amp; accomodating, their website is misleading. Staunton's information there indicates a hairdryer, satellite tv, &amp; air conditioning in each room - we had none of these (5 tv channels). Staunton's own website advertises correctly, so the fault may not be their's, though they should have the other site fixed.We arrived about 9.30 in the morning, well before check-in, &amp; were offered their free full english breakfast while they hurried to prepare our room, which I found gracious of them. The room itself seemed fresh &amp; was dust-free, though needed vacuuming. The sheets were crisp &amp; clean, though had holes in some places. The bathroom was spotless. Our window faced the street, so was noisy, but we were able to sleep. We could feel the springs of the large bed.There is no lift (none was advertised), and their stairs have a low pitch, so climbing 2 floors got old. The carpets on the stairs need redone badly, though they were clean.The breakfast was very good. The dining room is in the basement, but plenty of light comes in from the windows where you see passers-by, also a television, so it was pleasant. The manager was nice enough to forward a message to us even though we weren't in our room &amp; hadn't stopped by the front desk. She wrote it down on the chance she'd find us in the breakfast room, which she did, &amp; we're grateful for that.The location can't be beat. A couple blocks from Goodge Street Station, as well as numerous quick stop shopping (really helped us out to grab sandwiches from Boots or Tesco &amp; take back to the room); a few blocks more to Tottenham Court Road Station. A couple blocks from the British Museum, &amp; Oxford Street is very close.We were going for value this time &amp; we got it for the most part, which is quite the endeavor in this fabulous city. I would recommend Staunton for that aspect. However, next time we'll spend more to get a bit more comfort and convenience.	
Jun 14 2005	A charming and very personal hotel	I am travelling quite often on business, and it is rarely that I book a hotel for a personal vacation (Usually I just stay an extra night or too in the hotelI used for business).As someone who frequented London several times in the past on vacations I knew that the hotels can greatly vary from one another even in the smae price range. I also know something about staying in the middle of the city and the size of rooms that you can usually get (Paris, Rome, Vienna etc.).After browsing around endlessly and reviewing so many hotels here and in other sites I settled on the Staunton. The location seemed good, the rooms roomy and the reviews went for it. The price I paid (110GBP. including everything) was acceptable too.We were pleasantly surprised with the establishment: The rooms were in great shape (After renovation) and quite spacy, the shower was good (Our initial room had some plumbing issue and we promptly moved with no fuss), and the breakfast was great (Full breakfast, quite salty :-))The rooms are air-conditioned and ours were on a side street that wasn't too loud. The location is superb for flying from heathrow (Pic. line) and have at least 2 other tube stops close by. Tons of restaurants just around the corner (Store st. and Percy st.), and also a book shop down the street.We had a great time and will probably come again next time.. :-)	
Jun 13 2005	Don't expect privacy: the maid will report on who/how many are in the room	They charged double rate for the nights when my g.f. stayed with me. I was very surprised to that they knew when I had guests in my room and that I will have to pay a different rate. The maid is reporting on who/how many people are staying in the room. I expected discretion and privacy and, therefore ,have to rate this hotel as 'terrible'.They advertise discount for Sunday night - but they won't mention it at the check out. I reminded them after they run my credit card and they promised to do refund (the girl seemed confused on how to do it right away). It's been two weeks since I contacted the management in writing and I am still waiting.	
Jun 12 2005 	A Good Choice	I looked for a very long time to find a suitable hotel for our stay in London. I would find a hotel that looked great but it was way out of the price range. I would find something that suited the budget to read reviews that made my hair curl. I finally found the Staunton. It is a small hotel in Bloomsbury that seemed to be close to all areas we wanted to visit and close to 3 tube stations if we wanted to venture further. The reviews were good and the price was right so we booked. They were great to answer my questions via email before our arrival. I took this as a good sign. Having spent most of my travels in nice American hotels, the worn carpets and peeling paint was a turn-off at first. However remembering all that I had read about other London Hotels, I began to over look those things and fully appreciate all it had to offer.The location is wonderful. The friendly and helpful staff was everything that other reviewers said they were. The room was spacious and clean. The air conditioning was wonderful after walking miles around London all day. The large bathroom was nice and the shower had great water pressure. The breakfast included in the price was nice to wake up to in the mornings. All you have to do is ask and tea is brought to your room any time day or night. We had an early departure and they even brought up tea and toast and croissants at 6:30 am so that we could still have a bite to eat before leaving that morning! I think the only thing I would complain about is the hard bed. But then, I am a fan of soft squishy beds so if you are looking for a hard bed then this is for you. Overall for the money and the location, I would certainly refer anyone to the Staunton. It is not the Ritz but then if you can afford the Ritz then you are probably not reading this review.	
Apr 20 2005	Bloomsbury Gem B	Family owned B&amp;B with excellent king-size bed with high ceiling superior room and huge bathroom. Hot, full English breakfast and great helpful staff were wonderful. Stayed there a week, April 13-19 and consider this a real bargain for it's location. Around the corner from RADA, British Museum up the street and to the left. No restaurant, but just around the corner is Paradiso, a delightful and romantic little Italian ristorante with wonderful food. I've never stayed in a B&amp;B and after the great treatment and helpful staff, this place will be top of my list for return trips to London. Save your $$$ on the high priced, full service hotels of London, stay at the Staunton and be central and comfortable with all the benefits of being in the center of the literary haunts of Vanessa Bell, Virginia Wolf, and the likes.	
Mar 28 2005	loved this hotel	The hotel is lovely,rooms are spacious and the staff are friendly.Breakfast is excellent.We will use this hotel again should we visit the area again.Highly recomended.	
Mar 24 2005	So glad I chose this one !	Searching the last minute deals on various web sites produced a short list of 13 hotels in my price range for a 2 night stay in London for the middle of March.Discovered Tripadvisor and list rapidly dwindled to 2 !Even though a bit more than I wanted to spend the Staunton had such good feedback I chose it for my stay.I was not dissappointed, friendly staff, my &quot;single &quot; room had a double bed, plenty of storage space and nice large bathroom with constant hot water. The in room fridge was a bonus as I could use my own soya milk.No tea making facilities but it turned out you just asked and you got it delivered to your room for free.Only 2 minor niggles.1) not the easiest location if you are coming from victoria coach station 2) my &quot;treat&quot; of a full English breakfast although beautifully cooked and generouse had eggs that tasted as if the had been fried in lard.Overall a good visit with no single supplement rip off, even the mini bar had sesible prices.The other hotel on my shortlist ? The Hallam, had time to check it out before leaving London, had I saved a few pounds and chosen it I would have had a great location BUT a tiny single bed in a tiny dark and dingey room (last decorated in the 60's ? ) with a minute bathroom.I am so glad I chose the Staunton	
Mar 21 2005	Wonderful hotel in London	Stayed here this past weekend for two nights and this is a wonderful little hotel in a nice neighbourhood with very nice and helpful staff. It is in Bloomsbury, close to everything, only a few minutes walk to Oxford Street, within walking distance to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Picadilly Circus and many other places. Close to Goodge Street and Tottenham Court Road undergrounds. Many shops and restaurants close to the hotel and I highly recommend the italian restaurant Paradiso which has the best pasta I've ever eaten (Tortelloni Paradiso). The rooms are very very big, clean and quiet. Nice and clean bathroom too with a really big shower room. There is only one thing to complain about, they don't have any internet access.	
Feb 20 2005	Fantastic!	Great location near Oxford Street and Goodge station and lots of bars and restaurants. Very cosy clean. I stayed 5 nights and loved it. Perfect perfect perfect!!!! I would stay there again.	
Oct 3 2004	Great hospitality at the Staunton	The hospitality at the Staunton was wonderful. We arrived at 9:30 am after an overnight flight. Our room wasn't available but they offered us a complimentary breakfast and a place to store our luggage. When we returned later our luggage was cheerfully carried to our room and we were offered a pot of tea and biscuits. This offer was repeated every afternoon (or anytime we requested it) and at no extra cost. The rooms were modern (almost too modern for those looking for an &quot;old English&quot; hotel with peeling wall paper) but we had no complaints. Breakfast had lots of choices from cold cereal to a full English breakfast (with beans). We walked to the theatre each night and sampled restaurants within walking distance. And the British Museum was just around the corner. I would certainly stay here again. (We reserved the room directly with the hotel after they agreed to honor a 90 pound rate we found on laterooms.)	
Jul 22 2004	The highlight of our London stay	We have just returned from a trip to London and Paris and were VERY impressed with the Staunton. After busy days sightseeing in London, dealing with the crowds and the Underground, we were so happy to return to our room in Bloomsbury, especially to the large soaking tub! The room was clean, quiet and spacious and the owners couldn't do enough. The breakfast was outstanding and made to order. They are now installing air conditioning in all rooms, but we were fine with open windows in a room at the back of the hotel.	
Apr 12 2004	Wonderful stay...	My wife and I were very impressed with the friendliness of the staff. The room was extremely comfortable and nicely appointed. This place made our stay in London a delightful event. If you get a chance, try the &quot;Paridiso&quot; just around the corner for the best Italian food in town.	
Apr 1 2004	Warm helpful staff	What a gem! Fabulous large room with a modern bathroom. The staff was so helpful. I felt so cared for.	
Feb 15 2004	a lovely gem	A gem! The owners and staff are attentive to your every need. The rooms are gorgeous and large. The breakfast room is cool and Mediterranean. The owners know the neighborhood, the restaurants and will take absolute care that you enjoy your visit. It is truly a boutique hotel...beautiful furnishings, flowers, and care abound.	
Jul 21 2009 	Excelente		
Jun 17 2009 	accogliente e pulito		
May 10 2009 	Tres bon hotel		
May 3 2009 	Ottima posizione servizio con qualche "ma"...		
Apr 29 2009 	La perfection tout simplement		
Apr 19 2009 	a recommander !		
Feb 18 2009 	buon hotel		
Feb 15 2009 	Sehr gute Lage!		
Jan 29 2009	excellent hôtel		
