	Good location good staff shame about the room	Recently stayed one night here. Great location very close to knightsbridge tube and shops. Down a back street which could put off solo female travellers. Booked 2 single rooms. Greeted by Neringa the hotel manager who is charming and helpful. However the room I was checked into - room 4- was dismal,depressing and in a bad state of repair. This I could overlook as hotels need huge investment - I should know I used to work for a large group, but it was the state of the bed which prompted me to ask to change rooms. The sheets were clean but the divan base was not fully covered and exposed in all its unsavoury glory with its stuffing hanging out and its valance in shreds and cobbled together with safety pins! It looked as if it belonged in a slum and I could not sleep a night in it, it made me itch just looking at it. I was quite upset at the thought that the hotel felt that this was acceptable to offer this room to paying guests. I was offered a double room at the double room price but I stood my ground and the price was dropped by £10! Taking the manager to see exactly what I was aggrieved at I insisted that I was not sleeping in room 4! Neringa was very professional tried to calm me as I was getting quite upset took me to see the other room and settled me in with a glass of white wine and the promise that I would pay only the single rate. Room 8 was as different again, it had a magnificent kingsize bed a very nice bathroom and was pleasantly decorated. I had a very comfortable nights sleep! My friend was in room 14 and although better than room 4 it smelled of damp and the shower looked very unfriendly. The problem is definitely down to lack of investment and even the room I eventually stayed in needed its paintwork redone in particular skirtings and window frame. However the breakfast served in our rooms was excellent and the little touches such as bathrobes and Molton Brown toiletries was lovely. This could be a little gem if the promised refurbishment goes ahead next year but at the moment there is no excuse for not having ordered a new bed for room 4 long long ago!! Would only recommend some of double rooms. ( top floor ok)	
	Great service and location shame about the rooms	I have just returned from a one night stay at Searcy's with a friend. We both had booked a single en suite bedroom.We were greeted extremely well by Neringa. We left our bags for our return and check in later. Neringa met us once again on our return and told us we had been allocated rooms 4 and 14. My friend took 4 on the 2nd floor and I went up to 14 on the 3rd floor. Whilst I accepted the room it did smell of damp, and there was a general air of neglect in the room. It had a large single bed (the headboard was just standing on the floor and not attached to the bed) with a small single duvet and small pillows. There was a toilet in a little 'room' and opposite in another little 'room' was a large shower. The tiles were clean but the outside of the shower at the bottom was quite corroded. The window frame in the bedroom looked as if it had not been painted in years. I did not wish to walk on the carpet with bare feet. It did have an LCD TV. The walls between the rooms are thin. My friend came up and told me that there was no way she could stay in Room 4 due to the state of the bed etc. She will be writing a separate report.We went out for a meal and returned to go to bed. I found the bed quite hard but fairly comfortable and the duvet very light but warm. Breakfast came as specified at 7.30 and was delicious and very much appreciated, as were the Molton Brown toiletries.What I cannot understand is that if you read all the reviews back to 2006, the General Manager (Dmitrios) says in several letters in reply to criticisms, that new furniture for every room had been ordered and LCD TVs and Satellite TV were planned for January/February 2007!! In July 2007 a letter from Dimitrios says that he has ordered new furniture for all rooms. He also says in that letter than a painting programme was planned in August and new flat screenTV's in all rooms in September 2007 In October after a complaint about the tired bedrooms Dimitrios says that the room must have been one of the ones not re-furbished but they would all be done over Christmas period. In January 2008 someone complained about Room 15 (amongst other things a large crack in the wash basin). Again Dimitrios did a wonderful reply saying what had been done to the room since the complaint. In February 2009 there was another complaint about the crack across the wash basin in Room 15!!!!!!!!!!Having read all the reviews and Dimitrios's wonderful replies promising to refurbish, etc. my friend and I had high hopes for this property. It would seem to me that there are some rooms which are refurbished and very acceptable (my friend managed to change her room to one on the 4th floor which was good), but I have to say I was disappointed.My friend's problem with her room was sorted satisfactorily and we cannot praise the Hotel Manager, Neringa, more highly for her professional attitude and feel sorry that she probably has to put up with numerous complaints.The location is absolutely superb and is probably very good value for money if there was more attention to sprucing up the rooms - the quirkiness of the rooms and size would then not be a problem.Will we stay there again? - we would like to once it has been properly renovated - there is no excuse for chipped paintwork, headboards which just stand on the floor, duvets which do not cover the bed, small pillows, etc. There is also no excuse for dirty net curtains. The General Manager says in one letter he sent them to be cleaned - all they need is a quick wash in warm soapy water and would be dry in a couple of hours!! I have said I would not recommend this hotel to a friend at present but if attention is given to renovation I definitely would.	
Oct 20 2009 	We came back!	Stayed at Searcy's earlier this year and were so impressed we promised to return; this time with a couple of friends.We arrived early and received a lovely welcome. Booked straight into our room (No. 12) and although our friends' room (No. 3) was not ready, the four of us sat out on the terrace and were treated to a nice pot of fresh coffee. Only took a short while for their room to be cleaned and we were envious to note that it was considerably larger than ours.Room 12 (The Paris Room) is on the third floor and, by comparison with the room we stayed in last time (No. 10), is really rather tight for space. The decor is tired, especially the wall paper, which is quite badly stained, and the curtains are bedraggled and barely make it across the window.However, the bed was comfortable, the breakfast excellent (although the lack of space made eating it whilst sitting on the bed quite a challenge!) and the complimentary water and fine toiletries were appreciated. The bathroom was equipped with basin, WC and bath with hand-held shower head. We prefer a shower but made a nice change to have a soak.On this occasion we have dropped our rating by a star because of the small, tired room, which we do not feel provided us with the same comfort and value as on our previous stay. But to finish on a high note, the location of Searcy's is perfect and the staff outstanding.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fantastic Stay and Staff	Fantastic Service;The Staff is extremely nice, friendly and helpful;Big and very clean roomVery nice locationVery pleasant continent breakfast, we had it for two days on the roof garden,We were tired one night, and then we had our dinner on the roof garden, the nice lady who had the night shift order a pizza for us, The staff in the morning and afternoon is extremely welcoming and cooperative; thanks to them for everything;	
Aug 22 2009 	Good size room Great location friendly service super quite roof garden in city	We stayed here recently with our son (8) and were pleased with the size of the room even with his bed in there was room for the three of us to move about. The rooms are individually decorated has wi fi and air conditioning unit. Staff were very polite and helpful. You just get a room - no reception or areas for guests except for the roof garden which as the weather was good was lovely - breakfast is in the room or on the roof garden. Tea &amp; Coffee when we arrived was appreciated and a lovely relaxing break on the roof after our journey. Its located between Harrods and Harvey Nicks with Knightsbridge tube (piccadilly line) a short stroll away. We went out into Brompton Road and Sloane Street at night and I felt safe. No tea or coffee machines in the room - there is some room service sandwiches etc not hot meals. (NB the breakfast is continental and for young children you may need childrens cereals - I never thought to ask if they had any). Access is by lift to all but the top floor which is reached via lift and then one short flight. TIPS have a leisurely breakfast then nip into Harrods food hall Bakery back door for your picnic lunch before the crowds get there, for a day away from sightseeing take the picnic the five mins walk through Albert Gate and on to the Park, boating, swimming in the Serpentine Lido, paddle in the Diana fountain, feed the swans any left over bread then take the children to the Diana playground and talk back through the park - all you need is the weather.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Location and Soooo Reasonable	We love staying near Knightsbridge because the tube there seems to connect with everything and once upon a time we lived nearby so it's our old neighborhood and familiar. Searcy's isn't necessarily anything fancy but it is totally acceptable. It's kind of like living in a London house. The rooms and baths are what you'd expect in an older London house. It isn't hotel-like. No mini-fridge and you enter a service elevator from the street to go up to the hotel rooms, but it works. It is clean and the staff are very nice and helpful and you really cannot beat the location. At least as long as the Basil Street Hotel is under rennovation, but then you'd also spend a lot more money at the Basil Street Hotel. It worked perfectly for us. And for the first time ever we rode the tube out to Heathrow at the end of our stay because we were so close to the tube and it went right there. 4 pounds instead of 50-60 for a black cab.	
Jul 5 2009 	Lovely ROOM but be aware that's all there is.	The reviews on this site prepared me somewhat for the quirkiness of this 'hotel.' I stayed for a week in June. My single room was charming and full of such pleasant details as fresh flowers, but since this is a catering venue for the first two floors, there is an absence of the usual hotel facilities. By that I mean there is no lobby, no bar, no lounge. You have only your room. You enter from a lift on the sidewalk just off Pavillion Road (press the buzzer for Reception and someone will come down to get you) and from there you go to Reception on the 3rd floor and they will take you to your room. 'Reception' is the heart of the catering business as well as the 'hotel' so it is not a visitor friendly locale either. Don't misunderstand me--the warm staff could not have been more helpful or more welcoming--I simply mean that if you want the nice public rooms of a hotel, this is not the place for you. Breakfast is delivered to your room, always on time and exactly as ordered the night before. The only hot food available are boiled eggs and toast, but the continental-plus breakfast was quite good. You have a wide choice of juices, cereals, yoghurts, pastries, croissants, butter, jam, and freshly made coffee or tea, all served on a tray with crisp linens. Breakfast is served in your room or on the roof garden, as you wish. While I was there the roof garden was too windy for breakfast, but the view is a pleasant one primarily of neighboring buildings, nothing exciting. My single room was small, but I looked at some twin rooms for the future and they were understandably more spacious. The location is just splendid--minutes from Harrod's, the bus stop, the Knightsbridge tube station, and several very good restaurants. The only thing I disliked was the fact that the catering service placed their morning's garbage in bags right by the building for collection. Not a pleasant start to the morning walk! Also I'm not sure that I will stay again solo (standing on the sidewalk waiting for the lift at 11 p.m. was a little uncomfortable for a single woman), but I will certainly stay again with a friend. The location, service, and value are exceptional.	
May 11 2009 	Best of the Best ! Loved Room Number 7!	Classic British decoration of the room creating a cosy and warm feeling. All the rooms has different decor and furniture, as well as offering all the comfort expected. The breakfast was fantastic,fresh and with a variety to choose, which made a good start of the day! Staff were very friendly, professional, helpful and accommodating. It's my home away from home. Definitely stay at Searcy's Roof Garden again whenever I visit London in future!	
Mar 3 2009 	A Real Hidden Surprise in London - a bit like finding the Tardis	Heavens what a surprise, tucked away around the corner from Harrods; high standard of room, friendly staff, excellent breakfast. The quirky entrance directly into the lift from the street only adds to the surprise. Transport via bus and tube is a two minute walk and Harrods is a minute.	
Feb 16 2009 	Amazing Location!	Me &amp; my boyfriend stayed here for a romantic trip into London for Valentines. Great location, literally a minutes walk from Knightsbridge tube. A little bit deceiving when first arriving, looked a little like a hostel..but was pleasantly surprised when entering the actual hotel. Very quaint and very much like staying at my Italian boyfriends nonna's home! Although we didnt see much of the hotel - we were guided straight to our room. The room was a little dated, but very quaint. Slightly disappointed we only had 4 channels and the dvd player didn't exactly work well, but other than that, our room was perfect for what we paid. Breakfast was fabulous, although something a little more hot would have been appreciated along with the toast, pastries and fruit!We would definitely stay here again, a very friendly, sweet and romantic little hideaway!	
Feb 14 2009 	A really good find	Having found this hotel as a recommendation from Alastair Sawday's. I was not disappointed by this unusual hotel. The lift being by the front door, the attention of the staff and the closeness of the hotel to Knightsbridge. The breakfast was really good for a contential one. What I could not understand was the big crack across half the washbasin and the mould in the shower. We were staying in room 15. The bedroom however was clean and tidy. We did inform the receptionist on leaving about the bathroom and said there was no excuss for the sink not being replaced and the shower not being cleaned properly.	
Sep 7 2008 	very positive experience!	I booked through venere.com and experienced a lovely, unconventional stay. Extremely well located and at my rate rather well priced. Molton Brown complimentary toiletry products are a treat. I was especially grateful for the free WLAN internet connection with my notebook. That is a real cost factor in other places. As it was pouring cats and dogs during my stay breakfast was served in the room: one selected everything on a card the night before and got it delivered. Very good breakfast with lots of variety. A special forte: air condition in all rooms - this is not normally to be expected in many hotels in the UK! Superb access to Knightsbridge tube station and good place for King's Road and the Sloane Ranger district. Harrods practically round the corner, Harvey Nichols a stonethrow away. Staff was helpful and competent - also not usually experienced in London. Would try to get a booking, there, again when the price is right.	
May 1 2008 	Outstanding service and a hidden gem.	Searcy's was simply the best service I've received in any hotel. From arranging Wireless access to booking a room for the following week, the manager and staff go above and beyond others I have stayed - and I've stayed in some great places. The tooms themselves are comfortable, spacious and a real gem for this area of London. My room was a double which was spacious with a large bathroom (which is probably ready for a tidy up but this is very minor). My college stayed in a slightly smaller, but still very comfortable double room which had obviously been recently redecorated and was spotless with a large flatscreen tv. Excellent all around.	
Jan 29 2008 	A bit disappointed	We visited this hotel last weekend, just for the one night. Based on the images on their website, and other travellers' comments, I was expecting something refreshingly out of the norm. Unfortunately, we did not get given one of the charming rooms shown on their website, but a rather ordinary and somewhat run-down bedroom (no. 15). Battered magnolia paintwork, one very lacklustre picture on the wall, a duvet cover which was just not big enough for the (admittedly massive) bed, dated brass lighting fixtures, mildewed window frames, cracked washbasin...I've probably stayed in worse places, but this was all just rather tired and depressing. I'm afraid that, for me, the handy location did not make up for the drab room.Whilst we paid a lower rate by booking late through another website, it still did not feel like good value. Maybe they need to price the rooms according to the level of decor - it would seem that some are definitely better than others.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great find very quaint.	We found this hotel by chance and after reading the reviews on here decided to book, we were not disappointed. I found it quite difficult to find ,but this was probably due to my lack of ability in map reading, as we were sent a good map and details of how to find the hotel after we had confirmed our booking. We stayed in room 10 and found it quite charming. The bed was very comfortable and the breakfast was good. It is quite a strange entrance to the hotel but you are met by a member of staff and taken to your room.The location is very good for this part of London. We went to the Boxwood cafe for dinner and it was a short walk away. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 3 2007 	Very friendly and bijou.	I booked this room after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and wasn't disappointed. The staff were fabulous - friendly and accomodating. We couldn't have asked for a better position in London. A quick walk to Harrods, which is where we wanted to be. Price wise the rate was extremely reasonable -140 pounds incl VAT (for Knightsbridge)and breakfast. Breakfast served in the room was superb! The only downside was that the decor was a little tired looking and the room was tiny.	
Nov 19 2007 	What a gem!	This little hotel is an absolute gem! It is in a perfect location. The rooms are spacious, very clean and attractive. The breakfast is delicious, and always served at your request. The best thing about the hotel is the incredibly efficient, kind and cheerful staff. They answered our many questions with ease, ordered cabs for us, let us use their computer, and were just very gracious hosts. i wanted to bring them all home with me! I would definitely recommend this hotel with no hesitation at all.	
Nov 13 2007 	Fantastic Location Excellent Service	Excellent location, close to tube and bus route. A little strange to enter the hotel, but once you have found it and got in once it is fine. The staff were courteous and very helpful, looking after our luggage on departure date so that we could collect it later. All in all I will definitely stay at this hotel again, in fact I will try and book for a trip in December.	
Oct 25 2007 	A special place	The location is simply GREAT! 100m to Knightsbridge Tube, a dozen of Bus Lines, 50m to Harrods, Fendi, Prada, 200 to Hyde Park. We loved breakfast (good coffee, fresh croissants, they try to get you any newspaper you like) and the VERY friendly staff. The elevator is fun to ride.Too bad that the walls are ultra thin, sheets were just 90% clean, curtains were a bit torn and greyish, the room smelt a damp and the TV only had 5 programs - these were the minor turndowns. I could imagine that this location is getting loud on weekends when there are marriages etc on the 1st floor, but we were there on weekdays, so the only sound we heard were the other guests. Nothing for people without humor - rather for people who have the money to buy at Gucci´s and buy second hand now + then.	
Oct 24 2007 	So glad to have come back here	I first came across Searcys Roof Garden Rooms back in 1997 whilst looking for somewhere central at a reasonable price for an American Sales Director to stay. She raved about it and I earned loads of brownie points with my MD! Then, when I was getting married in 1998, we came to see them and booked our wedding there for August that year - the day was fantastic - everything was just perfect, and people still tell us it was the best wedding they had ever been to!So, fast forward 9 years, and we needed to stay overnight in London for an early Saturday start, so decided to come back to Searcys. It was like coming home - the staff were fantastic and they gave us the same room we had when we got married - plus a complimentary bottle of champagne - they really know that the personal touch is the true the meaning of looking after the customer, and that is what makes them so different to many other places in London. It was a lovely stay, I would not hesitate to recommend it to other people, and we will be going back there - SOON!Lesley Reed - Sussex	
Oct 23 2007	Mixed Feelings...Like Staying at a Nice Aunty's House	Great: Location, Molton Brown toiletries (what suckers we all are for a couple of bottles of shampoo!), Free bottled water, breakfast delivered to room, Room size, Quirky feel.Not So Great: Very tired shower and bathrooms, pretty thin walls, 1986 tv, very bouncy old bed, fairly tired furnishings in general.It's a great concept, I love the direct-access to the lift from the street thing, the very warm welcome, etc. The overall impression is a bit like a slightly run-down country B&amp;B.	
Sep 7 2007	Searcy's - the best secret hideaway	this is such a great place to stay, particularly as it's in the heart of Heart of London. Whats so good is that it is so far removed from those large mainstream hotels where you get shoved into a tiny room full of mdf furniture etc. At Searcy's you never feel like another number and you are made to feel very special as soon as you make your way in via the elevator! Very intimate, private and cosy, and the service was exceptional..	
Sep 3 2007 	Great central place to stay	Stayed just 1 night at Searcy's Roof Garden Rooms. I emailed them the day before to ask if I could leave my bags with them in the morning before I stayed, very quick positive response. I arrived at 9am and was given a choice of rooms that I could leave my bags in and offered fresh coffee. The room was very comfortable, very large comfortable bed, Molten Brown goodies in the bathroom, complimentary still and carbonated water. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. A choice of breakfast that as it was a sunny day I was able to take on the roof garden. On leaving they allowed me to leave my bags to collect later that day, so I could enjoy my site seeing without carrying my bags wih me. I would definetely stay here again. Great for visiting Harrods, Harvey Nichols etc and very close to the tube station. The staff made my stay very enjoyable.	
Aug 15 2007	A new favourite	A friend from work introduced me to Searcy's Roof Garden Rooms, which I never would have found on my own, and I was absolutely delighted with my recent stay. I arrived late morning after an extremely delayed flight, and was given an upgrade and a pot of coffee immediately. A block and a half from the Knightsbridge tube, it was perfectly located, and breakfast on the terrace every morning before work couldn't have been more relaxing. I will absolutely stay here the next time I'm in London and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 6 2007	Searcys roof garden review	Nice hotel, staff very friendly, rooms clean and tidy, nice toiletries in the bathroom. Receptionist recommended a very nice itailian just a round the corner. Would stay again.	
Jul 22 2007 	A great if slightly unconventional find	I am in London several times a month on business and had become tired of some of the larger establishments, so I gave this place a go.Location: Very close to Knightsbridge tube, or a 10 minute walk from Sloane Square, depending on which line you need. The property is tucked away in a quiet residential area behind Harrods. Easy to miss it, as there is no large signage, just a discrete &quot;30 Pavilion Road&quot;. Upon accessing the property, you step straight off the street into an old style lift, where one of your hosts will show you to your room. 5 minutes later a pot of fresh coffee and biscuits arrived in the room, at no extra charge, a nice touch.Room: Old fashioned but very clean and comfortable. Bathroom had a good selection of Molton Brown, including a very pleasant Sea Moss mineral bath. Compared with some of the chemical ridden stuff you get at the larger chains, this was indeed a pleasant surprise.Breakfast was served in the room at precisely the time requested. A wonderful selection to choose from of fresh croissants, breads, ham, cheeses, eggs and juices etcWhen I next need to be in this part of town, I'll be heading straight back to Searcy's. If a large enough room exists, I'd even bring the family - great location for shopping and accessing other places of interest.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Stay:- very individual: Change from big impersonal hotels	Booked it on laterooms. If you can get a room here for circa 100 - 120 pounds then it is a bargain. 1 minute from Harrods, a top location. Quirky type place, you enter via a door that looks like itsa serving hatch but the welcome is genuine, warm and personal. The rooms are really nice and clean. Moulton Brown toiletries no less. Breakfast is very good and can be served on the roof terrace if weather allows.Looking for something different to a mass chain/no service then this is the one	
Jun 30 2007	A home from home	From the the moment that you arrive you feel totally welcome and nothing is too much trouble. The bedroom was very comfortable and with everything that you could wish for - even the air conditioning was cool and silent. Breakfast was on time and delicious, especially the coffee. For anyone who wants to be truly cosseted in London - this is the place to come to. A home from home.	
Jun 29 2007	Something a little different - recommended	This hotel is quite a find. It's in an excellent location which is convenient for walking to some of the best parts of London and it has excellent access to public transport. The hotel is a somewhat unpreposessing building - it looks like a warehouse - and the entrance is weird; access to reception is through a small locked door that exits into an ancient elevator cage. Reception is an office on the 4th floor. If it's confusing, then the staff are a buzzer away and really helpful, courteous and smiley. The room was large for London, with a huge bed with a canopy, a seating area, pleasant furnishings and an excellent and spacious bathroom with expensive toiletries. The check-in lady offered to deliver coffee or tea to the room when we arrived. Breakfast was excellent and is served on a roof terrace if the weather is good or in the bedroom if desired. I don't think that there's a guest restaurant in the hotel as recommendations are provided to local eateries. This hotel is excellent value for money and really rather distinctive and charming. Book early though because it only has 10 rooms; the major part of the building being taken up by banqueting rooms. Overall, strongly recommended.	
Jun 22 2007	Little Gem		
Mar 10 2007 	Quirky but nice		
Feb 26 2007	A most pleasant stay in a most pleasant place.		
Feb 19 2007 	Nice people great location but our stay was not good		
Oct 27 2006	Loved It For Everything It Is!!		
Sep 18 2006 	Great Location Service Value		
Jul 20 2006 	Great value and location		
Oct 12 2005	Excellent Value for the Location		
Sep 17 2009 	Séjour de rêve		
Jun 13 2009 	Un havre de paix au coeur de Londres		
