Nov 18 2009 	Great location but very small room	I've seen the hotel building during my previous stays in London, is located just in front of South Kensington tube station and at walking distance to V&amp;A Museum, Natural History Museum and Knightsbridge department stores. We've booked the Double room and we've made a special request for the room on the high floor. The room was much smaller that 20 sqm from the room description on the hotel website, the bedroom was probably not bigger then 10 sqm and it was the smallest I've ever seen in London and the bathroom and wardrobe were almost non-existent . And our request of the high floor was completely ignored. We asked the reception to move us in a larger room, they said it was possibile with a supplement of 30 pounds per night. Unfortunately this room was not available to visit, they offered to move us and our luggage to the new room without showing it before and we didn't accept.Also I've sent a couple of e-mails to the hotel before our arrival asking for the rates of some special adds (like wine o cake in our room at arrival as it was my husband's birthday) but also those mails were never answered.So apart from the feeling that they do not care at all about you and your needs, the hotel is clean, good located, the breakfast is delicious. But unfortunately that is not enough for coming back again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good boutique hotel great location	We stayed here for a couple of nights in September with friends and really enjoyed it. The Pelham is a traditional boutique hotel (inside and out). We stayed in a deluxe double, which was a good size at the back of the hotel. The decor was lovely (quite traditional, but not old fashioned), our bathroom was large and very nicely appointed (two sinks, marble floor, shower over the bath etc). All the usual nice hotel things. We loved the honesty bar / lounge - such a great room, filled with interesting antiques - you almost feel like it's your own living room, which I guess is the idea (spent a bit much in there though!!,maybe should have been less honest!). We ate breakfast in the restaurant one day, which was fine (nothing amazing, but nothing to complain about). The staff are friendly and helpful (esp. the kiwi concierge), price good for London, location good (next to South Kensington tube, 15 mins walk from Kings Road, 2 mins walk from Natural History Museum etc). Plenty of restaurants and bars near by - try the Admiral Codrington (pub) and the Enterprise (used to be a pub, now a gorgeous little restaurant).Very good, we'd go back.....	
Sep 7 2009 	Home away from home	Our room looked straight out on the dome of the V&amp;A and across wonderfully active S. Kensington Square (this tube stop gets you any and everywhere in London). It seems that French is more the native language in this unpretentious neighborhood because of the Lycee just around the corner. If you want pretentiousness, not to worry, it starts about two blocks down the street on Sloane Street.The front desk of this smallish, nicely appointed hotel is highly professional and is eager to meet every need from the moment you arrive. Fellow guests seem to be regulars or in-the-know (no capri bluejeans and Yankee hat types). Good mix of business professionals.The Pelham's real gem stands at the concierge desk - Jamie - who is a pleasant Kiwi and has the town wired. Last minute reservations at The Ivy, willing to suggest as a matter of practicality the tube (vs. taxi) to certain locations and saved us a small fortune on EuroStar tickets to Paris. If you need yoga whilst visiting, stay away from the LA Fitness down the street and get over to The Life Center in Notting Hill.	
Aug 11 2009 	An exceptional and faultless hotel	My decision to spend two nights at The Pelham over my usual London base was a good one as I found the hotel to be amongst the best accomodation I have experienced in a long time. The location was excellent, just opposite the South Kensington Underground station, although the closure of the Circle/District lines during my stay was a minor inconvenience.I would give a top score to the staff, friendly and helpful, and in particular the restaurant staff who were extremely accommodating with my wife's special dietry requests. The included breakfast was of excellent quality and variety and my evening meal could give any high-end London eatery a run for its money. The ambience of the basement dining room was good - intimate and decorated with unobtrusive modern art.Our room was a good size, amenities were excellent and any concerns I had about it being noisy (there's quite a buzz going on outside, especially at the weekend, with bars and clubs) were unfounded as the double glazing blocked all but the odd inevitable siren.My only complaint was the high cost of wi-fi (£20 for 24 hours), otherwise an experience I intend to repeat as soon as I can. In conclusion, I would recommend The Pelham unconditionally to London visitors.	
Jul 22 2009 	Beautiful rooms and very friendly people	What I liked were the beautiful rooms with their traditional style and the very friendly people there. It's easy to get to and from the hotel with an underground station (South Kensington), bus and taxi stops next to it. There are also a lot of restaurants and shops in a walking distance.Due to the old windows there's sometimes some noise from the outside, but for me it was okay.	
Jul 8 2009 	Immaculate rooms efficient staff.	This is our second trip to the Pelham,and on that difficult return trip, it lived up to our expectations. The staff are courteous and efficient. The rooms are beautifully appointed and spotlessly clean. The Pelham knocks spots off the big chains. It has character without being over the top. It is in a wonderful location and the room service breakfast was excellent. OLove the bathrooms and walk-in wardrobes. Nice toiletries - although last year they even supplied a little spray for your pillow. Lost on my husband, but I quite liked it!! Lovely place.	
Jul 6 2009 	Not a bargain but I loved this place anyway	We didn't have a great start to our stay here. The room they chose for us had a broken a/c unit. They offered to switch us to a room that sounded like the elevator was traveling directly through it. Someone else on this site gave a more in depth review of that ridiculous room. We stuck with no a/c, but it was a bit hard to sleep. While we were out the next afternoon, they moved all of our stuff to a top floor room with great a/c. The buffet breakfast is lovely and all the rooms are extremely charming. Bathtubs are extremely deep, but I liked that. The hotel is very close to the South Kensington Tube stop. Give yourself a minute or two to get oriented. There is a lot of construction going on in that intersection.	
Jun 8 2009 	Gorgeous property with amazing staff... but not for the light sleeper	This was a lovely boutique hotel. The staff were friendly and the rooms truly gorgeous and spacious, especially for London. I stayed in three different rooms during my stay... two of which were grand and beautiful and one which was just nice... all in my quest to find a quiet room. This is the downfall of the Pelham. While it is very conveniently located in South Kensington right next to the tube station exit, it is located in South Kensington next to the tube station. The tube runs for 18 hours a day and each time it does, you hear... or feel... the rumble, depending on where in the hotel you're located. While my partner was not at all bothered by this as he is more used to city noise, for me, a very light sleeper, I found it quite distracting. This is, however, the only negative I could say about the Pelham.. .for me, it was a big one, but honestly, I wish it wasn't because I loved this place. The staff were fantastically friendly and helpful, the hotel itself was very well appointed and very conveniently located. If you do not mind some street noise and a rumbling metro, I would definitely recommend it as a top choice.	
May 27 2009 	Lovely hotel but dont stay in room 401!	Really lovely hotel and the service good. Great location with the Natural History Museum and the Science Museum a 5 min walk away. Lots of restaurants and cafe's around the area too. Only one fault and that was the room we were in that we had to be moved from on the second night. Room 401 was right next to the lift shaft and we heard loud rumbling every time it was used. As the hotel was full on the first night this happened a lot and late into the night! I would imagine that any room on the other floors ending in '01 would have had the same problem. Apart from this the hotel was very pleasant, and met our expectations. We got a 2 for 1 deal and paid £180+VAT for the 2 nights which was reasonable. I think though if I had paid £180 for both nights I would have been angry with the first night being pretty much sleepless with the noise.	
May 19 2009 	excellent hotel; excellent service; one of the best	In summary: I’d rank this hotel ‘off the scale’ and at '5 plus'. The service was wonderful, the décor in the hotel and the room were lovely – stylish, comfortable and fitting for the place – and the hotel and room were very clean and well maintained, the bed was great, and the continental breakfast was excellent. This hotel is up there as one of the top 3 hotels I have ever stayed at considering service, décor, comfort and the overall ‘experience’. I plan to stay again on any return trip to London.I had a ‘deluxe’ – which is a basic room in this hotel. My room was on the top floor (#402). The room was very well decorated (pinstriped fabric walls, a great mix of furniture) and was a great size for one but would have been perfectly fine for a couple. The bed (and bedding) was excellent – I have a bad back and it’s rare for me to really enjoy a bed in a hotel. Part of our response to rooms and hotels as travelers is always whether they click for us and I have to say I loved my room and the hotel.I can’t say enough about how friendly and helpful the staff were – a very high quality experience. Despite being booked in the cheap seats – so to speak – I received top level service that clearly doesn’t distinguish between guests. As a small hotel with excellent service staff were very quick to learn what I needed and enjoyed and, as some other reviews of this hotel have noted, start to anticipate my wishes. Genuinely excellent service.The location is good – a pleasant and safe neighbourhood – very close to the V&amp;A and the Natural History Museum. It’s located right across the road from the South Kensington tube station which has three lines running through – this makes it very easy to get around London from the hotel. Based on rates for other London hotels, the rate I had and the quality of my stay I believe the hotel represents excellent value for money within the boutique hotel London market.Two warnings. First, although I found the room very quiet – despite some temporary near by road construction – I had one staff person ask me if I could hear the trains – apparently some top floor guests can. If this would bother you, you should ask about room location and noise when booking. Second, these are converted old townhouses. In my room (and some others) the bathroom drains run slowly – not a question of maintenance but one of age and the vagaries of older buildings – this didn’t bother me or cause any problems. I know this type of thing bothers some people – be aware if you are one of these folks and ask about this when booking your room.	
May 13 2009 	Would return in a heartbeat	The Pelham is a wonderful, tastefully appointed boutique hotel perfectly located across the street from the South Kensington tube stop. That is a great plus in that you simply take the tube directly from Heathrow and do not have to bother transferring from Paddington. The rooms are clean, bright, and cozy-comfortable. Heated towel racks in the bathroom, great shower gel/shampoo, etc.... and wonderful water pressure! Breakfast is quite tasty. The hotel staff is tremendous. Jamie, the concierge, couldn't do enough for us...helping us map out our adventures and making very wise suggestions. He, as well as everyone else, was very very friendly. Would we go back? What a question!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Superb	They made a nice fuss of our honeymoon stopover. Lovely rooms, well soundproofed from the road noise. Lots to do close by. Excellent overall.	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent welcoming hotel in great location	We spent 2 nights at the Pelham and 'found' it through a 2 nights for the price of 1 offer at boutique hotels in a national newspaper, so this was great value for us! We were made to feel very welcome by the friendly staff, but did not feel smothered. We had a Superior Double, as the helpful receptionist told me on the phone, when I called to ask about rooms, that the Queen Doubles were a bit on the small side. Our room was very comfortable, spotlessly clean and well appointed. We looked out on to a nearby building but we do not expect views in locations like this. The hotel is so convenient, right opposite the entrance to South Kensington underground station, 15 easy minutes walk to Harrods, close to the main museums. We used room service 3 times, including breakfast as we did not want any of the various breakfasts offered in the dining room, and we were very satisfied with service; an omission on one occasion was quickly rectified. I would not hesitate to pay a return visit.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great Location great staff = great stay	Stayed in room # 2 on the ground level on the front of the hotel. A bus stop is outside the windows of room #2.Room is done in pink and green.Water pressure in bathroom was strong. Heated towel rack in bathroom was a nice touch. Four sets of towels provided twice daily.Combination bathtub/shower is done in granite and largeCurtains worked well for blacking out the windows.Safe in bureau is easy to program and large enough to hold two shoe boxes.Refrigerator and snack bar is in bureau. Prices are more than twice the prices across the street at convenience stores.Television offers 16 channelsHousekeeping services rooms twice a dayRoom service is available 24 hours a dayComplimentary umbrella and slippers providedComplimentary box of chocolates were left during the first night turndown serviceHonor bar is in the sitting roomThe staff is great. The front desk and concierge were always cheery and helpful. The concierge has great suggestions for restaurants. Restaurants recommended include Admiral Codringtons (English Pub), Daphne’s (Italian), Papillion (French) all within walking distance. Staff at Daphne’s seemed to give us preferential treatment once told we were from the Pelham Hotel.Bistro 15 (basement level) is a small restaurant. The food was good, but nothing special. The continental breakfast selection includes sliced fruits, cereals, pastries, and parfaits.The dinner service was average. There were some slow nights during the week that made it easy to get a table for a quick bite.. Prices at the bar are much higher than the Pub (Hoop and Toy) across the street.Nearby:Cave la Fromage, a cheese store is across the street. Cheese and wine tasting occur frequently. Decent pricesSmile Café is across the street. Nice place to pickup a quick snack heading to/from the South Kensington tube stopSouth Kensington tube stop of the Underground is across the street. It is very easy to get to.There is a taxi queue right around the corner from the Pelham HotelRecommendations:Take the Express train from Heathrow to Paddington Station. It is worth the extra money (33 pounds total) to avoid the frequent stops on the regular train.Buy an Oyster card for the Tube. It makes taking the Tube easier and faster.If you are planning on taking a few walking tours, ask about a discount card (2 pounds per person) from the walking tour guide.	
Apr 3 2009 	Overall great hotel	We found out about the Pelham through friends, and it is also one of the hotels mentioned by Rick Steves in his London 2009 guidebook. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, and overall it was a great hotel. It's a charming block of townhouses in central London that feels more like a home than a cookie cutter, corporate hotel. The room we stayed in was very large, especially by London standards, and extremely clean with a fantastic cleaning staff with good timing. The room had all of the upscale amenities expected such as a flatscreen tv, wireless hi-speed internet access (this was a bit pricey at 20 GBP/day, so we only used this ), large bathroom, mini-bar, bathrobes, etc. The staff was very friendly and helpful; they were there when we needed them, but otherwise greatly respected our privacy.A few things we noted. The bathroom, which is a recently renovated marble/granite, had a great shower and Aveda products. However, the layout of the bathroom made it almost impossible to get out of the tub/shower easily. The tub/shower did not have a curtain or a door, instead there was a glass pane that blocked half of the tub. The other half of the tub where you could get out was blocked by the toilet. If you're handicapped in any way, or afraid of slipping in the tub/shower, then this most likely won't work for you. It's a minor inconvenience, that I think only affects a few rooms. The location of the hotel is great, across the street from the South Kensington Underground stop. The stop is fantastic for the Piccadilly, Circle, and District lines which can take you straight to Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Circus, Westminster Abbey, Tower of London, etc. The surrounding neighborhood is very busy, and there is a lot of construction going on on the streets surrounding the hotel, so a room away from the street (which ours luckily was) will really help cut the traffic noise. While the neighborhood is perfectly safe, we weren't too keen on the traffic or congestion surrounding the hotel. Within the hotel, there was very little noise from the hallway, and virtually no noise from the other rooms. I felt our room was a cozy place away from all of the chaos of the surrounding neighborhood.The Pelham is a bit pricey, but we found a great online deal so definitely search the travel sites for a reservation before going straight to the hotel's website to make a reservation. It may be more money than other London hotels, but you'll be guaranteed a classy hotel close to a highly convenient tube stop, and a clean, cozy, quiet upscale room.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great hotel but the honesty bar is scandalous!	Great room, great service - really had a fantastic time - until check-out. Might seem a minor point but they really need to rethink the honesty bar, which could have left a very sour taste... The two drinks we had (from the extremely limited range) were both charged as doubles even thought I clearly wrote down the measures as singles. However, on top of that, the prices clearly assumed you were going to only write down a small part of what you actually had... So in effect we were charged for four or six times what we had - although that was then halved. Would have cost the same to go over the road to Boujis. So - if you are going to have an &quot;honesty bar&quot; - you need to actually trust your guests and price accordingly.Otherwise, it would have scored a five.	
Mar 7 2009 	Lovely !	Just opposite the South Ken. tube station, or few minutes walk from the V&amp;A museum the Pelham has a wonderful location. The design of the rooms is amazing, and the bath room is relatively big (with Aveda products). The drawing room with fire place is cozy and inviting, the breakfast is nice (you can get a freshly cooked english one as well). The stuff was ready to help and smiling, whatever we needed. The Pelham is a really nice hotel, with quality service. But : the rooms can get hot (even on 1st of March, with no heating on - it wasn't quite clear to us, how it comes), and unfortunately the windows can't keep off the traffic noise from the busy junction in the front of the hotel (we had a room on the 4th floor and still it was too loud to sleep quietly). I guess you wouldn’t have this problem though, when having a room away of the front side.	
Feb 8 2009 	Elegant Botique Hotel	We Loved the Pelham Hotel with it's cozy welcoming style. My husband and I were there for three nights in December. Modern boutique hotel in a great location near V and A museum and across the street from the South Kensington Tube. Our room was larger than normal for London with a beautiful marble bathroom, very nice linens and thick towels. The staff was very friendly - big part on why this was such a special place. Sweet welcome gift (lavender sachet) and water at turndown. We had continental breakfast at the Bistro every morning (it was included in the price of our room). Nice selection of food – we loved the fruit and yogurt parfait. I also ate lunch in the Bistro while my husband was at work. Good food and they made me feel very comfortable eating alone.Really enjoyed both of the cozy common rooms – one with a fireplace and the other free use of a computer with internet access. A special place in London. We’ll be back again!	
Nov 19 2008 	A Beautiful Boutique!	We looooooooved the Pelham! I stayed with my sister in mom in a luxury double for three nights, and the space was just right even with the extra foldaway bed - not usually the case in London. We had a great view and lots of sunlight, but the light-blocking shades helped us sleep in on our first morning in town. Even though the hotel is located at a busy intersection, we didn't hear a thing because of the double windows. The location is incredible - directly across the street from South Kensington tube stop, so a straight shot on the line from Heathrow (35 minute ride or so) and into the city center (ten minute ride), and only two blocks from the Victoria and Albert and Natural Science museums (both of which are fantastic). It's just a short walk to Kensington Garden, and some of the fantastic shops, restaurants, and bars. Also a nice neighborhood to go for a walk and check out some of the Georgian crescents and homes. Our room was incredibly clean. The chocolates, water, and cool bottled water were nice touches. They remembered to bring an extra pair of slippers for my sister, too. The beds were really comfortable, the heat was easy to control, there is tons of closet space, and the bathroom is enormous (great shower heads)! The only thing I'd change is adding ventilation to the bathroom since it gets really foggy in there (since the shower is so incredible I took long ones).The hotel staff is down to earth, perky, and helpful. Angelika, in particular, was extremely accomodating and sweet. The doormen and concierge(s) jumped to help us with anything and everything, and were very patient. They stowed our bags when we got in early in the morning before check-in, and after we checked out on our last day in town since our flight was at night. Also, as soon as I mentioned we were planning to go to dinner one of the nights, the concierge recommended several great options (check out Shikara, an Indian restaurant a few blocks away - doesn't look like much but the food is incredible) and called to make us a reservation - without even having to ask! We had continental breakfast at the Bistro every morning (it was included in the price of our room) and it was a great way to start the day. The service was friendly and quick, too! I loved the look of the entire hotel - each bedroom is decorated differently, with clean, bold colors, and the bistro is cute and eclectic, and the lounge and library are funky but classic. Great artwork everywhere. Both of the common rooms are comfortable to relax in, even with other guests, and the honor bar was a great touch (although another guest tried to sneak a few drinks onto our room's bill late one night after we left, the front desk staff was quick to remove the charges). The staff also wears really cute matching clothes - so understated you almost don't notice, but when you do it's even more impressive. Fresh flowers, nice smells, very clean spaces. And there are cute pink striped pencils everywhere. I know that's dumb, but I love it.  When I go back to London, I'm definitely staying at the Pelham! It was an outstanding stay.	
Aug 24 2008 	Will definitely come back!	This hotel was wonderful! The room was large (by European standards), quiet (though we were not on the street side), and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were amazing, and extremely helpful. Loved the location, with the South Kensington tube stop across the street. All in all, a hotel we'll definitely return to.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved The Pelham	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Pelham in early July and couldn't have been happier. We have not always had luck with London hotels in the past, but this hotel has changed our outlook. Location was great, we could see the South Ken tube station from our room. The room itself was wonderfully decorated, the bathroom divine - who doesn't like a towel warmer!! Staff was very helpful with reservations and even shipped a box home to us via Fed Ex. Although a bit pricey - there is NOTHING in London that isn't, I would still consider it a very good value. Would certainly go back to the hotel!!	
Jul 21 2008 	The Pelham is a Gem	My husband and I stayed at the Pelham for 3 nights this past June and we loved it. He had stayed there before for business and insisted on staying there when we went this time. And as soon as I walked in I knew why! The location was fabulous, right in South Kensington, near Harrods, right by a tube station to get anywhere you need to go and a short walk to Hyde Park. The rooms are beautifully appointed and chic and the sitting areas such as the library and business center are also decorated wonderfully. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful as well. Whenever I return to London, I will always stay here!	
Jan 19 2008 	Updated favorite	I was last in the Pelham Hotel about 10 years ago, when I traveled to London on business regularly. I stayed at the Pelham, one of the earlier boutique hotels, whenever I could: I just always felt at home there. When I returned in December for a vacation, I was glad to see that the warm atmosphere remained, but that the decor had been updated from an excess of prints (think leopard skin) to a cleaner, more modern aesthetic. I fell in love with the place all over again.Positives:1. Warm and welcoming staff and public spaces. When you have a drink in the drawing room and library, you feel like you're in your own home.2. Lovely room design that combines the best of modern crispness with traditional cosiness. Extremely comfortable beds.3. Excellent location across the street from the South Kensington tube station, serving the District, Circle and Piccadilly lines. Getting anywhere in London is fast and easy. A block away from the V&amp;A museum. Lots of shops and restaurants within easy walking distance.4. Varied clientele: tourists, business, American, local -- and not just young fashionistas clad in black.Negatives:1. Odd lapses in the room design. The first room we booked had room for a small sofa, but instead the space was filled with a long and high dresser flanked by two less-than-comfy chairs. We upgraded, but maybe that was the point? There's a lack of counter space in the bathrooms (otherwise spacious); somehow the ledge above the toilet wasn't an appealing place to put my cosmetics.2. Lack of technology. No iPod dock; not even an alarm clock on the bedside table. And why do European boutique hotels instead on high per diem charges for Internet access?If you're sensitive to noise, note that the Pelham faces onto a busy intersection, and you can hear the traffic despite the double windows. You'll want one of the rooms at the back, though these are small.I'll be back!	
Jan 9 2008	A very nice hotel.	This is a very nice hotel. It's quite lovely. The concierge was fantastic and could not do enough for us. Hotels in London are very very expensive and you don't get much bang for your pound and even less for your buck. At $400 per night it was not inexpensive. We did, however, have a lovely room with a nice bathroom and absolutely no complaints. And, I would stay here again.	
Dec 29 2007 	A touch of class	Stayed at the Pelham for my 40th birthday just before christmas and what a lovely hotel! Though not cheap I think its brilliant value; you can pay the same price at the bigger supposedly more prestigous hotels where you would recieve far less in terms of quality, room size and service. The location is a stones throw from the museums and Harrods and the tube is over the road. The trains do rumble as a previous review says but its not disturbing. The rooms are beautiful and the decor in the public areas sumptuous!The customer service is second to none, the concierge ever vigilent and there to meet your every need. We had freinds to dinner and the hotel arranged champagne and free canopes for us in the library. The food in the hotel was excellent though took a little time to come - order lots of bread to nibble!Wouldn't go anywhere else - it was perfect!	
Dec 25 2007	Very nice hotel!	Great luxury hotel!Ok Stuff!Exellent rastaurang in basement, great food!Location not so good, but that only my opinion:)	
Dec 18 2007 	Lovely room and excellent service	Stayed here at the end of November for one night as part of a work christmas party of around 20 people. Valet parking (very important!) was prompt and efficient, they also organised for it to be valeted during our stay.We were on the 4th floor, with a large bright room, beautifully decorated with a huge bed. The bathroom was bright and large. The room also had a seperate walk in wardrobe which contained a good mini-bar selection.There is an honesty bar just off from the hotel lobby, and the staff were unphased when we asked for bacon sandwiches at 2am. We sat in the very very English library/sitting area behind reception.Walk straight out of the hotel and about 200 yards along and you're amongst some lovely shopping (including Ralph Lauren and the Conran shop which had lots of interesting and quirky stuff for sale). It took a little while to be shown to our room, but that was understandable as 8 of us arrived together and the reception is quite small. However, staff were efficient, friendly and accommodating.Be warned that being unimposing means that there is only a small sign outside, which meant that we drove straight past it the first time. If you're looking for a quintessentially English hotel this is definitely it. A lovely calm base in London. Would definitely stay again.	
Dec 16 2007 	Wonderful Cozy Convenient	The Pelham Hotel is a wonderful, cozy, convenient alternative to chain hotels and to London's overpriced &quot;big name&quot; hotels. Located just across the street from the South Kensington tube station, we were warmly greeted. Although our room was not yet ready, we were seated comfortably in the drawing room and offered fresh beverages and light refreshments. Our room--neither the least nor most expensive--was tastefully appointed with comfortable furnishings. The shower/bath was modern. Lighting was excellent. Computer access (wireless) was excellent, if costly. The only limitation of the room is that it was rather small compared to American standards and, with several pieces of luggage, became slightly cramped. This was compounded when our daughter who had been studying in London came to visit--there were not places for two people to sit in the room, much less 3. The service was impeccable, and the downstairs restaurant offered well-prepared food in a pleasant surrounding.The fitness room is modestly equipped but adequate for a day or two. It is difficult to put 3 people in the fitness room. There is an elliptical, a bicycle, a treadmill and some light hand weights. Overall, with the location so close to the V and A museaum, proximity to the Tube, and convenience of Chelsea and South Kensington neighborhoods, we see this as a strong positive recommendation. From the warm welcome to a sincere 'hope you return!' at checkout, we had a delightful time.	
Dec 11 2007	Enjoyed the Pelham Hotel	We stayed in the Pelham Hotel for one night after leaving another hotel. The room was lovely, the staff was excellent. I would give this Hotel a 5 if the room has been a bit bigger. It was fine for one night, but a longer stay would have been very cramped. We had a queen room with a country bath for pound 190 + VAT.The location was excellent. A 1 to 2 minute walk from the South Kensington underground station. There are many restaurants and convenience shops. There is easy access to Heathrow (presuming there was no engineering work on the underground).We would highly recommend this hotel. The courtesy of the staff was overwhelming. Our room was not ready for us when we arrived at 11 AM, so we were seated in a nice waiting area and brought complimentary tea.	
Dec 10 2007 	Wonderful Service Great Location	The first thing that stands out is the ease with which you can get from Heathrow to the hotel via the Tube (South Kensington station). Then, you are met in the hotel by one of the friendliest staffs you'll encounter anywhere. The quality of the room furnishings is very high, including high thread count sheets and flat screen tv.The only thing that is a bit strange about the hotel is the restaurant, which serves very good food, but was empty on the two nights I was there, which were Friday and Saturday. Maybe they should advertise a bit in order to create more buzz about it.In summary, go to the Pelham and enjoy.	
Nov 28 2007 	wonderful pelham	My wife and I stayed at the pelham at the end of october from Friday through to Sunday.I had tried to get into the soho hotel (based on recommendations on trip advisor) but they were fully booked and suggested one of their sister hotels.When I contacted the pelham they were very helpful on the phone and when I informed them that it would be my wife's burthday they assured me that we would have a wonderful stay.Our room was large and the furnishings were wonderful, the turndown service every night was great and when we arrived there was a complimentary bottle of champagne and a plate of chocolate covered strawberies (nice touch).The staff were very helpful and we decided to eat in the restaurant on the premises on the Saturday night. The restaurant staff had been informed that it was my wifes birthday and they presented her with a wonderful custom desert.The breakfast was great and unlike several other hotels you could pick what you wanted.The valet service was ideal for our stay and the car was waiting for us on the Sunday just outside the hotel.All in all our stay was fantastic and I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone.	
Nov 19 2007	Typically glum London fare	The style of the hotel is described as &quot;contemporary english&quot; - the reality is that its just your usual drab english fare (horrible wallpapers and overdone soft furnishings) with a few quirky tweaks. its in no way fun or fresh, its a frumpy old girl that is trying to be modern. The staff seemed uptight and are in no way cool. The plus side is that its very clean and the location is great. Much of this review could apply to any number of London hotels (indeed, this hotel is part of a group of about 5 similarly average hotels posing as design hotels). Londons other group of hip hotels are all decidely old hat now and have that crigeful late 90s flowing-white-curtain-Delano feel. Hopefully someone will fill the gap - a deluxe room at Notting Hills Guest West is probably one of the best out there at the moment	
Oct 16 2007 	Best little hotel in London	Great staff, great service, great rooms, great location....it really doesn't get much better. Rooms are all different, but all deliver a luxury standard in a boutique setting. I have now stayed at the Pelham 5+ times and each time I am never disappointed. Easy to get to from Heathrow (Piccadily line). Great neighborhood (10 minute walk to Harrod's). My wife won't let us stay anywhere else.	
Oct 12 2007 	What a charmer!	As a frequent business traveler, I long for hotels like this - I was as cozy in my lovely room as I would be at home. The only other hotel I feel like that about is the Peninsula HK.The ground floor is truly lovely with 2 beautiful library type rooms - one with a fantastically stocked honor bar. There is a laptop available for guest use that requires you to purchase a card with a code - 10 GBP for 3 hours use. I had the same issue as other reviewers have mentioned that I used the internet for 5 minutes and the next time I tried to log on it was expired. There seemed to be no way to log off and track time. This was a minor annoyance.I had a Queen Superior room which was small but very warm and well laid out. The bed was sumptuous with beautiful linens - my only comment would be that I would prefer a duvet as the blanket wasn't warm enough but the bedspread was too heavy to sleep under - next time I will ask for an extra blanket. The decor of the room was lovely - sort of updated english manor with luxurious fabrics and wall coverings. The minibar was very cool, the bathroom was small but workable and you have to love a towel warmer as well as the sleepytime aromatherapy spray next to the bed.I chose this hotel for the amazing price (170GBP) as the conference hotel where my meeting was being held was so outrageous that I must give a big thanks to the Hilton Park Lane! If it weren't for them charging upwards of 400 GBP a night I would never have found this gem!	
Aug 13 2007 	Love Love Love The Pelham	We couldn't have asked for a better hotel. My husband, myself and our 6 year old son were so happy with our stay. Not only is the location great, the staff was amazing. First, location is unbelievable. One block from the Natural History Museum, Kensington Tube stop across the street, taxi and bus stand right at the bottom of the stairs, Pret Manger on the corner. Second, the hotel itself was lovely. Our room was HUGE by European standards, the decor was understated and tranquil, the bathroom was sublime, the minibar stocked to perfection, heated towels, yummy bathrobes, the lobby-level library and lounge (with honor bar stocked with ice cream!) were an oasis. Third, the staff was amazing. Our room was always immaculate coming in despite every morning leaving our room looking like a nightmare. When we left to take the Chunnel to Paris we discovered at the train station that we had forgotten a bag in the lobby. It had our train tickets and very expensive new camera in it. As I started to call the hotel on my cell, I discovered the concierge had left many messages on my voicemail that they had found our bag. He arranged for a private driver to deliver the bag to us at the train station. How Mr. Chang managed to get a driver to us on time is a miracle. We made it with 30 seconds to spare. I've stayed at their sister hotel, The Charlotte Street Hotel, and I much prefer The Pelham.Our only disappointment is we never got to try the restaurant in the basement. I hear it's very good.My only criticism. Internet access in your room is VERY expensive. Use the free internet computer in the library.	
Aug 7 2007	Luxury and elegance in London	From the discreet entrance in South Kensington to a hospitable staff, this hotel was excellent. The rooms were newly refurbished and generous in size for London standards. Large marble bath with double sinks. The location was unbeatable, right across the street from the S. Kensington tube station. The staff was accomodating and friendly. Note: You can hear the trains rumble during the night. Also, the internet access is tricky to disconnect. Make sure you don't get overcharged.	
Jul 4 2007 	Very nice place	The Pelham is a lovely small hotel in a great neighborhood. The room was large enough to move around, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was the largest I've ever had in a European hotel. There were two drawing rooms on the ground floor where I ordered tea for myself and a friend. I had one meal in the restaurant, and it was very good. The location is right across from the South Kensington tube station, so you can get anywhere. It's a five minute walk to the Victoria &amp; Albert museum. Two complaints: (1) I couldn't take a shower without flooding the bathroom. The configuration of the shower enclosure was faulty. (2) Use of the laptop computer in the &quot;library&quot; was contingent on purchasing an Internet card. It was 10 GBP for one hour. I used five minutes the first day, and the next day I was told my time had expired. The front desk people told me I had not logged off. The next time I did everything but shut down the computer, and it still used all my time. The hotel needs to find a better way for guests to access the Internet.	
Apr 1 2007 	Loved the Staff	I stayed here for business last month and I was very happy with my stay.Each room is decorated differently and the bathrooms were amazing! I would recommend this hotel to everyone especially if you are there to shop or see the museums. Very good location.Sabine- one of the staff was very accomodating.	
Mar 3 2007	Good but not great concierge with poor knowledge of restaurants	Pelham is cosy hotel, my room was cosy but a little bit strange because it had a bed and then a long corridor to the bathroom with elevated steps so you could easily stumble at night when going to the bathroom. Bathroom well appointed with Molton Brown toilettries, bathtub with shower. Bed was comfortable and the room was fresh in terms of paint and were not worn. There are nice common rooms in the reception with free computer with internet. The area surrounding the hotel is nice although a bit off. But the subway is really close to the hotel so the location is ok. My only problem was with concierge who did not almost anything about restaurants in London. Staff is though very nice but restaurant knowledge was really none existing.	
Mar 1 2007	Excellent Staff High Quality Accommodations	The hotel is located in a good neighborhood, in a very convenient location for hopping on the underground. The hotel itself is very well kept, aesthetically pleasing, and has some charm and personality. The best thing about the hotel is the staff. They go out of their way to make your stay very comfortable. They responded quickly and appropriately to a problem I was having with the air conditioning in the room. I recommend this hotel. The staff really cares about your comfort.	
Feb 24 2007 	Love the Pelham!	My wife is a frequent guest at the Pelham as she stays there when in London for work. She likes it so much that we decided to stay at the Pelham for a brief holiday over Thanksgiving. I was delighted that we did! The Pelham is a wonderful hotel in a fantastic location, near shopping, great restaurants, and the South Kensington tube station is right across the street on the Central, District, and Picadilly lines! The rooms are smallish, but the service and public areas are absolutely delightful. We very much enjoyed winding down after our days of shopping and sight seeing sitting by the fireplace and sipping on a drink from the honor bar. The staff couldn't be more helpful and accomidating in booking our tours, restaurant reservations, and hailing a taxi!They booked us at a few great resaurants: Maggie Jones for an charming and cozy Brittish dining experience, Amaya for trendy Indian, Osterio Basilica for authentic rustic Italian in Notting Hill, and finally if you really want to splurge, Tom Aikens for French!See you soon Pelham!	
Jan 21 2007 	Good but a little disapointing	We liked this hotel but didn't think it lived up to the rave reviews on TripAdvisor. We stayed a week at The Pelham. The rooms were nice but not exceptionally charming or well appointed. We booked the highest category room that wasn't a suite. The concierge dropped the ball, and also gave us incorrect information, several times when we asked for help with booking requests. We found the room service and restaurant food to be mediocre to good, but mostly tasteless. The restaurant was strange; very sterile and empty. There was no place to put the room service food in the room - it always came on a tray with plates stacked up. We had to eat standing up, or put our plates on the bed. There were no glaring problems, but nothing special, either. We were not sorry to leave, and we won't go out of our way to stay here again.	
Jan 9 2007 	Just fantastic!!	It was sucha great place-- sparkling clean, decorated beautifully and the staff was magnificent. It is located in South Kenningston, right by the tube stop in a quiet upper class neighborhood. It is walking distance to many restaurants and coffee shops and close to some museums. We just loved it--very relaxing and comfortable. Made me feel quite special.	
Jan 8 2007 	Could do better	Difficult to get an exact price - insisted over phone, by email and at reception in quoting a price exclusive of VAT. Like the VAT is optional!Insisted on passport of both me and wife at reception - I have Irish passport, she UK - when she said this, they asked for no futher ID from her, not even her name - idiotic. We had no warning of this beforehand.Charged 40% extra upfront for possible extras - again no warning before arrival.Room too warm. Two visits from concierge to no avail. Too noisy to open window. Moved us to room at back of hotel - we could open a window, so temperature OK, but cigarette smoke from adjacent rooms infiltrated.No concern for global warming here - overall hotel temp could be turned down, there were 2 lights on in our room on arrival and after maid did her evening round. Heated towel rail. Minibar fridge emitting much heat.Breakfast superb - fresh fruit, freshly squeezed juices, range of cereals, soya milk available without special request. Spoiled by music over intercom. Has any hotel stay in history been enhanced by muzak at breakfast?	
Jan 5 2007 	Lovely Divine Perfect!	Highest praise for this gem of a hotel. Six nights stay with our 7 and 10 year old boys. We had two interconnecting Deluxe Double rooms, 103 and 104, on the first floor--really gorgeous, distinctive rooms decorated with the loveliest fabrics and furniture. Amazingly quiet, considering the floor to ceiling windows and the busy street outside. (Double-paned windows did the trick.) The baths are sleek and beautiful, the rooms spacious.The two lounges near the lobby are cozy jewel boxes, perfect for a drink with a friend.Service was perfect, with breakfast appearing in our room exactly on time each morning. I emailed ahead of time with the concierge about airport transfers and theatre tickets. The wizardlike concierges, Tommy and Tony, managed to find us fairly priced tickets for Wicked on the last day of Idina Menzel's run as Elphaba the witch. And all the staff helped out with even the smallest request or question.Having the South Kensington tube stop across the street meant all of London was right out the door.Not an inexpensive place to stay, but lordy, if you want to feel pampered and cared for, this is your home away from home.	
Jan 5 2007 	Blew away my expectations	We arrived at the Pelham at 1pm, finding it with extreme ease - just exit South Kensington tube station and you'll see it. The concierge was happy with keep our bags while we headed off to London Zoo for the afternoon (can't recommend this in the Winter!). We returned at 5pm, where we were escored to our room on the third floor (305). I had booked the hotel purely based on TripAdvisor reviews, with the aim of surprising my girlfriend for her birthday. We are both very fussy, but the room proved stunning. I really must emphasise that the cleanliness, decoration, layout and spaciousness of the room was perfect for us (a couple in our early 20s). We had a flat screen Phillips TV, a King bed, a walk-in wardrobe and bathroom with bath/shower combo. Please see our pictures!The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is clearly deserving of it's excellent TripAdvisor rank, but doesn't carry with it any of the snobbery that the building's aesthetics might suggest. A 10 minute walk from Harrods, and a 30 second dash from the Museums and district/circle line tube, the location was top notch. I couldn't have hoped for things to turn out better. One thing - there is ever such a slight murmer from the tube station - yet it didn't hinder our sleep whatsoever.I would definately return, and recommend it to anyone looking for a faultless special night.	
Dec 6 2006 	First Rate	This is a great little hotel. The rooms are individually decorated for a townhouse feel and very charming and comfortable. Our room (302) had a king sized, canopy bed and large bathroom. The service was excellent--everyone was very pleasant and accommodating. It is situated across the street from the South Kensington tube stop and walking distance from Hyde Park, Harrods, the V&amp;A, the Natural History Museum, Sloane Street and many great restaurants. I would definitely recommend it and hope to return.	
Nov 14 2006 	Love love love the Pelham!!	This was our second trip to London in 6 weeks, and usually we stay at the bigger hotels, Starwoods, etc. But saw the Pelham on our last visit, and decided to stay there this trip. We could not have been more pleased!! What a wonderful hotel! The staff, the rooms, the location were all perfect! The decorating of the rooms in this hotel is truly wonderful!! each one is different, and all are beautiful and unique! The restaurant( Kemps) is also delightful! Try to get a rate that includes breakfast. The breakfast selection is great.The hotel is steps away from the South Kensington tube station. We love this area, and this tube stop is on the circle, district, and Picadilly lines. We rarely use any other line to get anywhere we want to go. I can't imagine ever staying anywhere else in London again! ( unless it was at another Firmdale property! We looked at 2 of their other hotels nearby, and they looked just as fabulous!)Highly recommend the Pelham!!	
Oct 10 2006 	Lovely!	Great location (rightnext to South Ken tube), helpful staff, lovely room. Definitely recommend this hotel. I stayed at its sister hotel Number 16 last year and Pelham wins it hands down.	
Oct 7 2006 	I always come back to the Pelham!	I'm just back from a visit to Europe where I stayed at the Pelham twice in one week in different rooms (but have stayed here previously). This hotel is a great London base and very English. I always stay here when visiting London and it's just fantastic! It's not cheap (but then again no decent London hotels are!) but it's worth it. My favouritie rooms are the deluxe doubles on level 3 overlooking South Kensington tube station. The staff are very accomodating too. Cannot recommend the Pelham more.	
Aug 18 2006 	Loved it	We loved the Pelham. The location in South Kengsinton is perfect for vacation because it is a lovely area, with plenty of restaurants but not as crowded as other areas of London where you can barely walk in summer. Plus we just needed to cross the street and had the Underground Station (also buses).The hotel is lovely, nicely decorated, no bad smells, new and spotless bathrooms and a good size of room. We were 2 with a young children and a double deluxe room with an extra bed was perfect for the three of us.Service was excellent (except for one incident) and concierge was very helpful I was a little dissapointed that their restaurant was closed for renovations but they still offered breakfast in the meeting rooms.The bad thing, pricey. But I would go back if I can pay it again!	
Jul 22 2006 	Plenty of Room for Three	Trying to find a hotel in London that can accomodate 3 people comfortably is difficult, but my sisters and I were more than happy with our large room at The Pelham. Not only was the location the best in London (close to tube stop, plenty of restaurants and shopping, but low on crowds and noise) the room and bath were gorgeous. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and the hotel's ammenities were top of the line. Dinner at Kemp's Restaurant was a real treat but our favorite pastime was coffee and dessert after a long day of touring. This is my fourth trip to London and I will never stay anywhere else but The Pelham from now on!	
Jul 21 2006 	Outstanding Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Pelham Hotel for one week in June 2006. Outstanding hotel!Spacious room with excellent service. The bed was firm and room featured a large closet, desk, two chairs, TV with DVD player. The bathroom was large. Nice features such as heated towels, robes and slippers, twice a day maid service with turn-down, etc. Staff was excellent. They provided a variety of services from luggage storage, hailing taxis, providing excellent directions and tips on the best way to travel to various sites, recommendations for eating, and the mailing of parcels. When my husband went for his daily run, they provided him with a list of several different courses in the area and a bucket full of ice was ready in the room upon his return.When we arrived from the US at 8:00 am the first day they moved us into our room within an hour - with no extra charge. The underground station (South Kensington) is across the street. On the Piccadilly, Circle, and District lines. Trains arrived frequently.We will definately stay here again. Wonderful stay.	
Mar 10 2006	Still the best	This was our 3rd stay at the Pelham and it remains in top form. It has gotten more expensive over the past years and so this time we booked a standard room which was quite small but wonderfully decorated. The location could not be better. Breakfast, although pricey, is outstanding. If only the dollar was stronger, we would be at the Pelham more frequently.	
Dec 8 2005 	Super stay	In london for a quick trip and picked the Pelham, having previously enjoyed a stay at The Soho (another Firmdale Hotel). The welcome was friendly and reception staff very helpful. Pleasant, personal service throughout. The room, while small was appointed beautifully with great decor, comfortable bed and well stocked mini-bar. Extra touches included aroma pillow spray to aid sleeping, left at turn down. Breakfast was fine - selection was good though service was a little patchy. Two lovely drawing rooms were also available, with an honesty bar for use. The situation is excellent, being literally right outside the south kensington tube station. I would recommend this hotel - great decor, comfortable rooms and friendly, personal service.	
Sep 20 2005	Great Location Romantic Hotel		
Jul 11 2005 	Fantastic Boutique Hotel First Class Very Expensive		
Jan 12 2005	Charming and chic with friendly service		
Dec 2 2004 	Best London Boutique Hotel		
Sep 21 2004	Loved It!		
Sep 17 2004	Can't wait to go back to the Pelham!		
Sep 7 2004	Boutique hotel at its Best!		
Jul 18 2004	Agree - Pelham was a great hotel		
Apr 3 2004	for a wonderful taste of english hotels at their best		
Oct 2 2003	Tea for Two - not at the Pelham!		
Apr 10 2009	Super Hotel		
Mar 25 2009	Elegantes dezent designtes Hotel in guter Lage		
Mar 3 2008 	Bruyant		
