Nov 24 2009 	terrible hotel	We were told on arrival we had been upgraded to a triple room and this would be of no extra cost to us THANKS !!, The room was a disgrace dirty bed linen, stained carpets all over the hotel, very small room for 3 !! Water stain over carpet outside of bathroom that was faded and worn. No hot water knob on the shower BUT that was ok as the cold water was HOT . One member of the breakfast staff was rude unhelpful, wiped tables with a cloth picked up off the floor. The double bed was in fact a 3/4 bed and very very hard.The reception staff were friendly and polite but i wouldnt use this hotel ever again,alot of staff didnt speak good english andthe hotel was embaressing to what other countries provide for the same amount of monies.Everything else about our trip was excellent , just not the hotel hope the management listen to their customers/	
Nov 20 2009 	avoid the single room	Decided to book due to moderately good reviews on Tripadvisor but was terribly disappointed with the intial single room (more like a box in the subground level)...the washbasin drained poorly and so did the shower....the staff made an effort and changed the room to a family room after some persuation...but even this was very basic....bed was unevenly springy and uncomfortable...the shower in this room also drained poorly...the tiles on the floor were cracked...the carpets in the common areas looked dirty and dated...perhaps the only saving grace was a decent breakfast...wouldn't recommend to anyone.	
Oct 30 2009 	Would we stay again? Yes!	After reading this you'll wonder why we would stay again. Firstly, let me say that the hotel is clean and comfortableOK, where to start. We had a 5 night stay booked, Sunday to Friday. We had chosen not to have their breakfasts as we wanted to be out early to explore and breakfast in one of the local cafes. On the first morning we woke to find a colony of small ants on the dressing table. Not many, and they were confined to the one area. As soon as it was reported, (8am) we were immediately offered complimentary breakfast and assurances that the problem would be resolved by the end of the day. It was.During the course of that day however, the taps in the en suit were changed from a dual tap to one that operates from a single control. Fair enough, as the previous taps were slightly loose. Problem was that this rendered us without a plug for the sink. No problem, shower was fine, until we realised that during the plumbing process, only HOT water remained in the room (including the toilet!!!) Although this was only from the third dayWe had assurances that the problem would be resolved on the Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. On leaving the room this morning, the problem still existed. We were offered a room change during our stay but, we left the room every day at 0845 and didn't return til 2300, so didn't see the need.We were offered a FREE complimentary breakfast all week which was fine and suited us. The room was very small but clean and comfortable. The staff were extremely friendly and the location could not have been better. Only 10 minutes walk from access to Central, District and Circle Underground lines (1 stop from Paddington). For all of the issues we experienced we had a lovely stay and feel sure that what we experienced is not indicative of what the hotel is like. If returning to London we would certainly consider this hotel in future, and thats because of the staff and location.For a holiday on a budget, in a great location with friendly staff, then you could not do much better	
Sep 28 2009 	cheap hotel get what you pay for	We stayed at this hotel for four nights, it was dirty as soon as you went in the door the stair carpet was stained .Our room was so small we could strugeled to get past each other,one bed was pushed up to the wall with only four inches between the other bed.The wallpaper was torn and stuck down with cellotape.the bathroom was the smallest I have ever seenthis was in need of a full refurnish it was filthy.Going down to the breakfast room was like been in a different hotel it was bright and modern the staff were friendly the food was good with a choice of continental or for a small charge full english.I under space is at a premium in London but this was too small for our four night stayand no excuse for dirt.The location is great easy to get into the center of London, and Hyde Park,Queenswayis close by and you can get any type of food you want it is a livley street good night lifewith a nice feel about it.	
Sep 11 2009 	Value-Priced Simplicity	I had turn-by-turn walking directions from Bayswater tube station. There are so many Princes Streets that we got lost and couldn't find the hotel for 20 minutes! But we finally found it and were pleasantly surprised. The very friendly desk agent gave us the key to number 14. The room as the normal size of any other London hotel room. There was a small television with about 10 channels, a coffee maker with coffee supplies, and a large window that opened. The loo was sufficient, but not well-ventilated. Therefore, there were small bits of mold on the ceiling. This really didn't bother me as we were only there for one night. There is a computer for guest use in the lobby, but wireless Internet is charged. The tube is only a 7 minute walk, which is perfect for the holidayers. Near the tube station are Cinnabon, McDonalds, and several markets. Also, there is a nicely sized shopping centre. Between Bayswater and Queensway stations is a bowling and ice skating centre!	
Jul 25 2009 	Very affordable	Great Location no frills but clean enough and affordable. Nothing to get excited about.	
Jul 16 2009 	Good value for money	It is a basic hotel next to Bayswater underground station, in a very plesant area. Single rooms were provided at competitive price. The room was clean and comfortable even though it was very small. It also included all basic amenities. The facilities were in good condition, too.	
Jul 4 2009 	Clean pleasant budget hotel in a good location	I stayed here for one night to attend a concert in Hyde Park. It was in a great location next to the park and ten minutes from Bayswater station.The hotel is what can be expected from an old london townhouse. Buildings of that era in London do have narrow corridors and lots of stairs. The rooms are small but again that is expected of these types of buildings converted into hotels. What matters is that it was nice and clean and the staff were friendly and helpful.We were on the top floor and it was quiet and there was a good spacious lift so we did not have to walk up all the stairs.Would stay here again if in this area of london again	
Jun 29 2009 	Not great but not bad for the money	Stayed here for 1 night whilst attending a gig at Wembley Stadium. The hotel is in a lovely area and was a 2 minute walk from Bayswater tube station. Check in was fine and speedy, the staff were extremely friendly and attentive. We were in room 24, I had taken note of previous reviews on Tripadvisor so was adamant I was not going to be staying in a basement room.The room was small with a double bed against the window/wall, 1 bedside table with a light (which did not work), 1 wardrobe, a dressing table and ensuite bathroom. It all just looked a bit tired and in need of a makeover, the pillow cases, bed sheets and towels were clean though. I think we were in the room a total of 8 hours which included sleeping and showering which for what we paid I did not expect much more for the money. Breakfast was included but we decided not to eat there.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great value Hotel.	A really good hotel in a great area in London. The price is very competitive and pound for pound, it is one of the best hotels in London. Staff are amazingly friendly. I have stayed in a lot of hotels across the world and the staff here are some of the best. The rooms and the hotel in general are very clean. It is really close to Bayswater underground station and is situated in a lovely,safe neighbourhood. You can also leave you bags for free on the day you check out if you have a late flight, so that is an added bonus. The only negative is the size of the rooms- they are fairly small and compact. However, they are adequate and it should not put you off. Overall, a great hotel	
Apr 5 2009 	Good Hotel	We stayed here for our honeymoon. The location was great. The staff was super friendly. When they found out it was our honeymoon, they up-graded our room and included breakfast for all of the time we stayed here. We really enjoyed it. The rooms were a bit smaller than we were used too...but otherwise, the place was clean and comfy. I would recommend this hotel for sure.	
Feb 22 2009 	Not great value for money	The cleaners obviously smoke in the rooms as they clean as on return to the hotel after both days out the room smell strongly of smoke. The shower was broken, the reception staff less than friendly and the room was tiny. Reem hotel does have a great location but I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 13 2009 	Not bad for price and location	Booked through ratestogo.com for 70€ a night (couldn't find cheaper with ensuite bathroom and in central london). The hotel is on a relativity calm side street just 5 mins from bayswater station which is on queensway (which has plenty of places to eat and drink, shops, and grocery stores). The room was nice but small (but why would stay in your room all day anyway?), and had a tv, safe, hairdryer, tea set. Cleanliness wasn't the best but was acceptable and noise from the hall. Most of the staff was nice and helpfull.	
Feb 5 2009 	Ok Hotel	I booked this hotel at bookings.com for a set amount of money. When i arrived at the hotel, i was told that the price that i was quoted and prepaid for was the wrong price and that it was going to cost me much more to stay there. The receptionist told me that i could cancel the reservations with no penalityy. However i arrived in the evening and the taught of going out and trying to find another hotel in a city that i was not familiar with did not apeal to me. So i ended up having to stay there for almost double the price that i was quoted. The hotel it self was average. The room was very small and the bathroom clogged up when i took a shower. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Nov 17 2008 	nice and clean	I stayed in this hotel 3 days.My room was a bit small, but clean and renovated with teamaking facilities, safe, hairdryer and a big window on the garden.The bathroom was small but clean and comfortable. The staff is kind. An internet position is available in the lobby.Continental breakfast was included in the price.Very good and with a large choice of food. With few pounds it's possible to &quot;upgrade&quot; it to English breakfast.The position is strategic, close to Circle and Central Line, in the nice area of Bayswater.	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfect hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, and I am really loving this hotel. The location is perfect! By tube you can reach the city center in 10 minutes. Furthermore Bayswater it self is very nice and close to notting hill which is a very nice place to spend some time.The ambience is very good, it is a small hotel, with small rooms. But the rooms are clean and the bathroom is in good state. The staff of the hotel is very nice and friendly. For this prive i can defenitely say it is worth it!	
Dec 5 2007	Reem Hotel	I've been looking through the reviews here and there are many negative accounts recently. The place is very cheap, and in a great location. Like many before me have said, if you want a base in London and you want to save money for your sightseeing etc., then the Reem Hotel is certainly great to use.I found the hotel clean, albeit small, and my partner and I had a pleasant (quiet!) stay. I must say, I really enjoyed the foreign television channels we could pick up from our room.The decor was a bit dated, but that really isn't a problem! For just £40 a pop, there's no room left to be pedantic in my opinion.Let's face it, London does need hotels like this (cheap, great location).I must admit, we had no problems regarding toilets, cracked tiles, etc., or mice even! So we never had to converse with the staff really, but they seemed nice and friendly on our arrival. Oh! No, we did run out of tea, because we like tea, but there was a very prompt knock on the door and all was solved.	
Dec 1 2007 	Terrible-Avoid!	The only good: Only a 5 minutes walk from Bayswater underground station. The bad: The room was very small, the toilet didnt work (didnt flush) and the housekeeping didnt fix it, no noise insulation at all (you can hear everything from neighbouring rooms and the corridor as if it was in the room), very hard bed that was so old that it wasnt even straight at some part!!	
Nov 6 2007 	still catching up on sleep	After toying with a short half-term break to Cornwall we settled on spending three days in London doing the tourist thing. We had lived n London previously for fifteen years but had never done the sights and wanted our daughter to experience the sights and sounds of London.I looked at some gorgeous hotels but they were all out of our price bracket and found some budget/moderate hotels one of which was The Reem Hotel which is in a fantastic location between Bayswater,Portebello and Notting Hill.That I'm afraid is the only plus. We had a triple room which was the tiniest room ever in which single bed and a 4ft bed (not a standard double) was squashed!I had to move the wardrobe, side table and beds in order to open the bathroom door(which was very clean but the toilet didn't flush without slushing a few glasses of water).We had some fab days in London and fitted so much in but at night my husband and I got absolutely nil hours sleep, the mattress was so uncomfortable the springs dug into us which ever way we turned. I had bruises and aches for days after and was very grouchy. My daughter actually caught her leg on a spring sticking out the side of our bed and I regret not photographing it. I will never go budget again and have well and truly learnt our lesson next time it's blow the budget!	
Nov 5 2007	Beware - a health hazard	This hotel is a health hazard. The room we had was very poorly maintained and the main problem was the shower. The tiles in the shower were cracked and had obviously been this way for some months judging by the amount of mould ousing from the cracks. We asked for this to be cleaned up but it did not happen.This hotel should be closed down on health grounds.	
Oct 28 2007	I had a mouse in my room!	First of all, this hotel is difficult to find. The address is &quot;Princes Square&quot; but it isn't on the square, but behind it, so it took forever to find the place. The main issue was the mouse that ran under the door at me in the morning after I had slept there! I screamed and the mouse hid. Need I say more? I couldn't stand to be there any longer and we left the hotel. The staff acted surprised and were apologetic and kind.	
Sep 29 2007 	Great for a budget	I recently stayed at the Reem hotel for just one night.The hotel itself is extremely hard to find. The streets make no sense at all.The room we were allocated was on the reception floor of the hotel. very small but clean and cosy for just one night. the bathroom could have done with a refurb but everything worked well inside.We paid just £39 for the room, which included breakfast for both of us. which we thought was a great price. where else in London would you have got that?????For anyone who just wants a base to sleep in, in London, with no frills this is ideal.would return. i've spent a lot more money in London on a lot worse hotels!	
Sep 20 2007 	Decent for the price	Stayed here for 3 nights with 2 other women travelers. Overall stay was okay, you get what you pay for. We did have some kinks for sure. First we had a hard time finding the hotel due to the odd designing of Princes Square which btw is not a real square, it cuts off at random places. When I booked this hotel online they made it seem that breakfast was included which was not to my dismay when I checked in. I did manage to get one free breakfast on the house when the manager saw how displeased I was. But I guess this was the fault of the online agency I booked at. The room we got was a a triple - 1 double bed and a single. Small but cozy. Unfortunately the person who got the single bed got 7-8 bites that we're pretty sure was from the bed but me and my sister got lucky. We just needed a place to crash from sightseeing. Positives though were that its located in a great neighbourhood. Not too busy like picadilly which can get annoying at times when ppl are trying to trample you but lively enough with people, pubs, restaurants etc. And it was great have two tube stations within vicinity - Bayswater and Queensway which are located on different tube lines. Plus our room had insuite bathroom which is better than other places where you have to share w/ the same price you pay for.I think overall my stay would have been alot better if it hadn't been for major closures on the tube both circle and parts of district which made our trip alot more complicated. Overall, its decently priced considering how expensive London hotels are.	
Sep 18 2007 	i'd stay here again!	I wasnt expecting much but was pleasantly surprised! Excellent location! right near the underground station and shops.I stayed here 4 nights in a single room. It was hard to find at first, but the worker at the front desk went out and greeted me when I called.I just needed a low-budget hotel to sleep and shower in so i was very pleased. i stayed alone and felt very safe, being a female travel.  the shower was very nice, plumbing and drains worked very well, the room was clean, temperature was just right, the room was small, but cozy. there was wi fi access downstairs and coffee/tea facilities in room (which i didnt use), a hairdryer was provided, a couple electrical socks, and a tv.I have no complaints! great stay!	
Aug 23 2007 	in urgent need of renovation!	positive: good location, low rates, helpful staff, clean sheets and towels,tv with English/German/American tv channels available, electrical kettle in the room for preparing tea/coffee, bathroom equipment functioned properly. room small though large enough for manoeuvreing without problems (didn´t need to walk sideways between the furniture, unproblematic access to sink, toilet and shower cubicle, doors could be opened and closed normally).negative: old disgusting carpet with black stains, awful mattress (felt each spring and did not sleep well), mould in the shower cubicle, musty smell in the room.would only return to this hotel after complete renovation.	
Jul 13 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at Reem Hotel	Our room at the Reem Hotel was quite small and in need of a coat of paint and new carpet. The room was also very warm, but it did come with an electric fan, which we never turned off. But it was a very quiet room; I took the advice of a previous reviewer who said to book a room overlooking the garden at the back. The shower was very good, with plenty of hot water. But the best thing about this hotel is the location: it's just around the corner from the tube station (takes just a few minutes to the tourist sites)- Bayswater itself is such an interesting and peaceful location - and a short walk to Notting Hill and Kensington Palace. I paid £59 a night for a double room, which I found very good value for money. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 3 2007 	good price/quality balance	the REEM hotel has a good price/quality balance. +: The comfortable location, clean rooms, private bathroom, the included breakfast, friendly staff -: rooms are small, rooms get fairly warm due to the small size	
Jan 31 2007 	Good for budget travellers	Location: the hotel is 5mins walk to Bayswater tube station on the Circle Line. You can get to the heart of the city in just 15mins. Not bad at all!Rooms: I guess I've been fairly unlucky, my room was downstairs...not a great deal! Anyway they are not bad, quite small but clean (for UK standards I mean). Misc: international breakfast is included but if you want the english one you have to pay 5£.All in all it's a good solution, definitely a great quality/cost ratio but beware of rooms 1&amp;2 downstairs! M.	
Dec 21 2006 	Low cost accommodation in Central London	I spend one night at the Reem Hotel in Bayswater after a Christmas Party this week getting a double room with breakfast for £35.With expectations of 2 star hotel for £35 set appropriately low I was expecting bad and got average.It is about 10 minutes walk from Queensway station on the central line and about 5 minutes from Bayswater high street so location wise not too bad and set in a residential area.Reception very friendly and efficient, the TV remote in my room was missing so they gave me the reception remote, check out was fast with no surprises.The room was small but had tea and coffee making facilities, tv, storage, en suite etc, I had a double room in the basement and it was small and basic but I have paid over £100 in 4 star hotels and found myself in smaller single rooms with nicer curtains so it's a choice and if you are only looking for a place to stay for a night rather than the base for a holiday I would recommend this hotel if you get the right price.	
Nov 30 2006 	Good location for the price	Room was VERY small (paid around $93CDN via expedia). No breakfast provided without a fee. They had a kettle in the room, to make instant noodles, soups, coffee. This hotel is in a good location for the price, only a few blocks away from the Baywater Tube station and Hyde Park.	
Jul 27 2006 	will do in a pinch	Okay, if you arrive in London sans hotel and this is the only place with rooms available then it's not the end of the world. Assets are the friendly staff, location, hot water, clean bedding and breakfast room/food. Liabilities are noisy street, smoke smelling, tiny rooms, no air conditioning, dirty, thread bare carpet, lumpy mattresses and moldy showers. My room was large enough for one twin bed and not even another twin bed could have been placed in the room for additional sleeping. There is barely enough room to walk between the bed and the wall, so if you're overweight, FORGET IT.It's not a three star hotel, but it's probably a high two star. For 2 extra euros, you can upgrade from the continental breakfast to a full blown cooked meal with sausage and eggs. Really, if someone were to re-carpet, paint, add a/c and new mattresses, this place would be the cats meow. The location is terrific, only about 1/2 mile from the Bayswater Metro Station and very convenient to banks, restaurants and terrific shopping.	
May 14 2006	Not for the claustrophobic	After 18 hours in the air and at airports, we were looking forward to a shower and a rest before hitting the traps. The entrance to the Reem gave an early indication of what lay ahead - is it the narrowest hotel entrance in the world? Inside, it got worse. Up we went to the top floor in a lift the size of a suitcase, and along a creepy narrow corridor that screamed &quot;fire risk&quot;. I couldn't quite believe it when I opened the door to the room: it was quite impossibly small - so small that I measured it - 14 square metres! The bathrfoom (if you cld call it that) was three times the size of a 747 toilet space! It was as hot as hell up on that top floor, and the sense of claustrophobia was latent. We suffered the first night, and demanded a lower, more spacious room thereafter. It wasn't full, so we got a room with three single beds, and a decent-sized bathroom on the ground floor. It was pretty shabby and gloomy, but at least we didn't have that crammed in feeling. It's all very well to say &quot;that's London&quot; - but I don't think that's good enough. This room cost us 60 pound a night for a week, and someone is creaming it at the expense of visitors. A three-star hotel? You gotta be joking!	
May 8 2006	Clean rooms	Just stayed 4 nights in this hotel. The rooms were small but clean. Didn't like the matrasses, but we slept a lot, because london is wearing you out.Bathroom was OK.We stayed as a family (2 adults and 2 chlidren) in 2 rooms. So I would recommend it, because of the price. When I travel to London with my wife I would recommend a more comfortable hotel.	
Feb 28 2006	Beautiful area adequate digs.	The hotel is in a lovely section of London and walking in the area is a pleasure. We also found a number of excellent restaurants in the area. The hotel was convenient to the Bayswater Tube stop and was perfectly adequate for our needs. The room was small and spare but we did not travel to stay in a hotel. It was neither the best nor worst but I would certainly go back for the price.	
Feb 27 2006	Really not that bad	I see the latest review of this hotel is slightly less than complimentary! But then what do you expect for one of the cheapest hotels you can find in a good Lomdon location? Most reviews for similarly priced and located hotels are much worse. It is true that the receptionist speaks little English and could be more polite and things are a little on the shabby side, but it could be so much worse! Both rooms we had were very clean and well appointed. They were very small but for an overnight stay this wasn't a problem. It wasn't as cold as I expected, especially as it was snowing outside! Overall, I was not disappointed and it really is very cheap for the location.	
Feb 25 2006	Definition: H E L L	My bestfriend &amp; I are sitting here at the computer thinking of where we should begin with this review. If you read nothing else in this somewhat long and exaggerated ranting, take this warning very strongly: This place is absolutely the most disgusting, dreadful, waste of $100.00 a night we have EVER spent. Upon arriving to the Reem we met the concierge (who payed us NO attention &amp; hardly spoke English. Not only did this hotel reek of cigarettes and must, but it was literally falling apart, i.e: staircase with missing banister poles and ripped up carpet. We dragged all of our luggage up stairs, into an elevator and down a hallway, which was where our room was, the 3rd floor - and then we came across what we lovingly refered to as &quot;the threshold&quot;. At the end of the hallway there were three steps down, a landing, three steps up, a door, and then the rest of the rooms in the hallway! WHO DOES THAT!? Arriving at this hotel &amp; having to schlep 6 months of luggage across the threshold makes anyone hate this place, and life. So we arrived at our room finally, out of breath and sweating because the hotel was about 100 degrees, and we realize that the key to the room is this ENORMOUS circa 1843 key from a dungeon, that's about the size of our head &amp; takes roughly 5 minutes to turn the lock. NOW, we're in the room: the most disgusting part of the entire thing. There were three of us staying in this room big enough for ONE person, MAYBE - with no bags. You could not walk from the 2nd bed to the bedroom door, you had to jump on the 1st bed to get there. Not only did they decide to turn the heat off at night, but it was ZERO degrees in our room &amp; we were huddled up for body heat with our teeth chattering. The bathroom toilet didn't flush, &amp; you don't even want to know what it's like sharing a bathroom that doesn't work properly, has no windows or ventalation with a boy rocking dreadlocks, eating Thai duck and drinking (and burping) warm Strongbow cider at 8:00 a.m. BASICALLY - It was by far the worst experience of our lives, we would never recommend it to anyone, and would rather sleep on the street in scummy Bayswater than ever step foot inside the Rch-EMMM Hotel. BUT - If you do decide to bypass everything we've said, tell the little concierge with the greasy bun that the American girls said hello.	
Feb 25 2006	Good value considering location	I booked here last minute for a very reasonable price. Great value considering the location as it is fairly near central London and near the Central Line Underground Station. Room was fairly basic but comfortable. Not for those looking for something a little more luxurious but nice all the same. Rooms and bathrooms were a little on the small side, but again still fairly comfortable and clean. Our room was right under the reception area which was a little noisey but we did sleep in late!	
Jan 25 2006 	Nice surprise	I needed a VERY low cost hotel in central London at short notice - and stayed at the Reem Hotel on the basis that TA reports were reasonable given the great price (£40 per night). The room was clean, tidy, warm and very comfortable. The staff were friendly and I slept very well. My shower was hot and the bathroom very adequate.This hotel proves that you do not need to pay £120+ for a hotel room for a pleasant and comfortable night in central London.	
Dec 21 2005	Very small rooms but perfect location!!	A friend and i stayed at this hotel in October, 2002. It was quite a shock to see the tiny room with a double bed and a single squished in! It was tidied up everyday, rather dated decor, but clean, overlooking park. The bathroom i still laugh about, you can clean your teeth whilst doing other personal business! Very close to...5 mins walk...to Whitely's Shopping Centre, which we used for dinner every night. Breakfast was included, was reasonable for London. Also close to 2 Tube stations, Bayswater and Queensway. We also walked to Harrods, through Kensington Gardens, past Kensington Palace and Prince Albert Memorial... so overall, very close to quite a few landmarks. Staff were OK, but did not tell us we had to pay 5 pounds for use of TV, which was refundable. Odd layout of rooms, you had to walk down 3 steps and up again in the passage leading to our room, not good dragging a heavy suitcase. Would stay again,only because of reasonable price and the perfect location in London.	
Nov 22 2005	Good service cold room	So... how could I begin? We looked forward to our London-trip in this year's November 15-20, and we red all of the rewievs in this site.It began with the cash-money: if you paying with, don't forget: you have to pay in advance. So I started the claim: I need to see the room before I pay (three of ours, for 5 nights 345 Pounds).The room was OK, very clean, but there was some stains on the wall. The beds was OK too, the bed linen was clean. The wallpaper was torn by the past-guess and the carpet of the bed post was with stains and torn too.So one word: the room would be in better condition, maybe the past-guess behaviour would be better or the Hotel-management would pay more attention to the room.But: clean, nice overlook (the window is for the park), everything is there what you may need, exept one very important thing: the warmth, the heating. But we didn't notice it at the first time.I red all the rewievs, and everybody wrote that the heating is woooow. Well... I can't tell you that. As I mentioned above, we was, actually last week, in November, what is not the warmest month in the year. There wasn't ANY heating, except a little electric heater, poor one because it can't magic warmer room to us, it was so small. We cold all our stay in the hotel and the staff couldn't help us.So if you don't like to cold, don't go there in November, because we very cold. I have cold right now.On the other hand, the cleanliness, the nice, helpful staff (except with heating but they couldn't help), the VERY NICE breakfasts, the EXCELLENT location (5 minutes walk from the Bayswater station in Circle line what is direct to Westminster, Monument and Tower Hill Stations) &quot;says&quot; that stay there, so I'm not regret to stay, but the cold... brrr.So let me give you an advice: if you go to Reem in November, you MUST bring so warm clothes, pyjamas, and ENOUGH re-chargable battery, because you must choose: can you take photos (what is important: you go to London to bring home in pics, isn't it?), re-charge your mobile-phone (what is important too), or heat, because there is only one electric plug-in. If you choose re-charge, you will frozen (exept if you eskimo).B U T : maybe you don't believe me, I liked it, especially the breakfasts: we didn't hungry until 5 pm. It's excellent.But I was a little bit disappointed because of the rewievs what I red in this site. It's really good hotel, I have good memories. Maybe if I go there in the summer, I'll go to Reem again.It's good hotel, we gone in the wrong time :)	
Oct 20 2005	Good Hotel for Central London	The Reem Hotel is a good place to stay for central London at the cheaper end of the price scale. The location is great, lots of shops nearby and a big mall and close to all transport. A beautiful park right outside the windows. The rooms are really small, but everything is very clean. Breakfast is great. Reception were kinda bland but breakfast staff were great. The free internet didin't work, but overall a good bet!	
Mar 16 2005	Good price good hotel!	Offcourse it´s not the most comfortable hotel in London. But I really liked to stay in this hotel. I was there in January with 2 friends more. We were in the top floor. The room was not so big, but it was very clean and has all we need to stay there. The breakfast was good to start a long journey to London. The place is very nice; the hotel is in a very good location. There is a lot off story and restaurants very near.And unfortunately I forget my necklace there and they send me back. The staff is very nice also. So, it’s a very good hotel for the price we pay there.	
Feb 2 2005	Good hotel for money	I don't know what people expect for the money they pay, but this was a great value hotel for London. The location is excellent. Couldn't possible complain about noise or traffic. OK the rooms are tiny, we were very squashed in our triple, but they have everything you need, and if you all you want it for is a good night's sleep then its perfect. TV, phone, hairdryer, tea-making facilities and en-suite all up to standard. Biggest complaint is the heat in the tiny rooms - for the end of Jan when it was freezing outside the heat inside was unbearable - the rooms are so small they don't need that much heating - we had to leave our windows open during the day just to make the rooms bearable at night. The staff weren't overly friendly or helpful. If I was in London again and wanted a decent cheap place to stay I would definitely stay here again. People complaining really need to think again about what they expect for the money they pay!!!	
Dec 7 2004	Loud everything broken tiny but nice staff	We were on the ground floor and the restaurant is on the lower floor. at 7am on a Saturday morning, the music was so loud in the restaurant it sounded like we had the music on in our own room. 7am! Also, the TV was attached high on the wall, meaning you had to stand on the bed to turn it on. There was no remote control for the TV, and the nobs on the TV were actually broken off, so it was one channel, at one volume. The light above the mirror didn't work, and we struggled to get anything but luke warm water through the shower. The staff were helpful and friendly and the place was clean enough. Be warned though, the room is about 3/4 metre either side of the double bed and that's it. You have to get dressed in the tiny entry area (about 2mx1m)as there is no other space. Tiny, but good enough for a quick overnight stop, but ask for a higher floor to avoid the noise.	
Oct 3 2004	clean friendly well-located for not much money		
Jul 2 2004	Nice		
Jan 29 2004	For warned!!		
Nov 25 2003	Avoid this hotel!		
Nov 11 2003	Awful hotel		
Oct 15 2009 	un vero schifo!!!!		
Oct 14 2009 	Sympa		
Oct 4 2009 	Hotel céntrico		
Sep 29 2009 	Semplice comodo ed economico.		
Aug 16 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 20 2009 	una reforma le iria bien		
Jul 14 2009 	Calme		
Jun 6 2009 	Realmente bien...		
May 5 2009 	Hotel simple mais idéalement situé		
Apr 20 2009 	Assolutamente da evitare!!!		
Apr 12 2009 	un hôtel idéal pour les petits budgets		
Mar 18 2009 	Ideal para lo que necesitabamos		
Mar 18 2009 	No está mal!!!		
Mar 4 2009 	tres bon rapport qualité prix		
Dec 17 2008 	Davvero conveniente!		
Nov 29 2008 	Bonne situation		
Oct 10 2008 	Camere extra piccole		
Sep 18 2008 	Gute Lage sehr sauber.		
Aug 27 2008 	No me gusto		
Aug 12 2008 	No está mal para lo que se hace en>Londres		
May 22 2008	Asqueroso!!!		
May 14 2008 	Nada del otro mundo		
Apr 29 2008 	J'y retournerai!		
Dec 3 2007 	Limpio y bien situado pero no repetiríamos..nos dieron una habitación PATÉTICA		
Nov 30 2007 	Aceptable		
Nov 20 2007 	buon hotel		
Sep 30 2007 	"Sin limpieza en las habitaciones"		
Jun 23 2007 	Unter der Treppe!		
Jun 17 2007 	Un buon hotel		
Jun 4 2007 	Nos gustó		
Mar 25 2007 	Hotel correcto para dormir.		
Jan 15 2007 	A mi me gustó		
Dec 21 2006 	Apañadito		
Oct 22 2006 	Pour 3 personnes c'est le top !		
