Oct 22 2009 	Great Location!	We stayed at the Westland for a week celebrating my daughter's high school graduation. The location is great, very close to two tube stations, with a bus stop in front of the building, so getting around is so easy. Lots of things in walking distance. We loved: the Swan Pub; Cafe Diana; Pret A Manger. Hyde Park is across the street: great for strolling, picnics, Kensington. Walk to Portobello Road market on the weekend. It is fabulous! People, food, antiques, new and used clothing, so vibrant and alive. The hotel staff are very nice and accommodating. We had two rooms in the back, next to each other, and shared a balcony. Very quiet. Loved the church bells tolling. Our only complaint was with the car the hotel called to take us to the airport: we were assured that the fee was 50 and not to tip the driver. Upon reaching the airport, the driver asked for 53. I notified the hotel that the service may have changed their rates, or that the driver had changed the rate in order to get a tip. They responded promptly that they would check into the matter. I don't have a problem giving tips, but if I am told not to tip, I won't. All in all, a great stay at the Westland. It is on a busy street, so don't get a room in the front if you want quiet.	
Oct 4 2009 	Decent but...	I stayed at the Westland twice on a trip to England. On the outside and in the lobby, it is beautiful. But one must keep in mind how old it is. It is cosy, but cramped. Both my rooms were singles, with a 2.5 foot bed. The shower head in one room was broken. The decor and furnishings really need to be upgraded, but if you are in the mood, it does add to the air of the hotel. Other than the rooms, it is a beautiful place. Most of the staff were helpful, especially with directions. Beware though, it is not &quot;directly&quot; accross the street from Kensington Palace. As well, the restaurant only serves breakfast. It is in a great location, but the building is a behind a tall brick wall, so if you have never been there before and neither has your cab driver, you may have a little trouble finding it. It was fine for my first trip to London, but next time I think I'll check out the Ramada Hyde Park.	
Sep 13 2009 	Stay away !	I confirm some of the previous comments : I do not recommend at all this hotel.Rooms were not clean, small rooms, noisy location f you are on Baywater's road. I've got a small room, one window without any curtain...It's quite expensive for thsi level of quality, including an average breakfast.	
Jun 29 2009 	Very Friendly Hotel	I booked this hotel when we went to see AC/DC at Wembley Stadium on the 26th June. This was the closest hotel to Wembley that I could find (6 miles away) as everything else was full. It was really easy to get to Wembley, and the tube station (Notting Hill Gate) was a five minute walk away!The hotel itself was clean, the service was very good, the staff at breakfast and on reception were very helpful. The hotel is practically opposite Kensington Gardens. If we went to Wembley again for any reason, I would definite book this hotel again!	
Jun 18 2009 	great location nice people old hotel	the staff and location are great. unfortunately, i think the hotel is in need of updates. there is no water pressure in some of the rooms. my family stayed in 5 different rooms and 3/5 had working showers. my husband and i had to shower in our family's rooms since our shower was just trickling. biiiig problemthe hotel gave us free wireless internet in exchange for the problem. still, it would've been nice to have a good shower. full english breakfast included. nice.	
Mar 27 2009 	Wonderfull	The receptionist was helpful.Nice room,in tipical &quot;English Style&quot;,beatiful view on Kensington Gardes,near Hyde Park.Two tube near the hotel (Quennsway and Bayswater).	
Jan 21 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	Our stay at the Westland was a wonderfully pleasant surprise. Our luggage, left a few days early, was waiting in our room when we arrived late in the evening. Our room was large, comfortable, and clean. The staff were pleasant and also informative and helpful when needed, but not intrusive. They saved us quite a bit of strain, as well as cost by arranging for a private car to take us back to Heathrow at 5 a.m. The cost was only slightly more than it would have been to go by tube and Heathrow Express, but with much less lifting and carrying of luggage. Breakfast was very nice - hot, fresh, tasty - we thought it more than adequate - and served by an attentive and friendly young woman. The location is very convenient to two tube stations, Portobello Market (as featured in the movie &quot;Notting Hill&quot;), Kensington Palace, and Hyde Park. We had no sense of apprehension while walking around the area, although we weren't out past about 00:30. All in all we had a very nice stay and would not hesitate to recommend the Westland.	
Oct 1 2008 	Family Vacation	Perfect location: great access to various tube lines. The staff was very helpful and engaging. The full English breakfast was authentic and very filling. The rooms and baths were larger than we expected.	
Jul 14 2008 	Cute Inn...would probably not stay again	A pretty well known travel book recommended this hotel. We stayed 3 nights and although it was a quiet, cute, clean hotel; there were some aspects of it that I wish were a little better. Let's start with some of the good things. Location - almost dead smack in between Queensway and Notting Hill Gate Tube stations. Notting Hill Gate is nice because it is on the Central, Circle, and District lines. This makes it unbelievably easy to get around greater London. Staff - Very helpful, very friendly (there was one woman who appeared to be upset all the time, not quite sure what that was all about).Cleanliness - Hotel was clean, not spotless, but clean. I understand the need to keep these types of hotels authentic, but I do believe it is due for an upgrade. Carpets are starting to show their age, tile is cracking in bathroom, furniture is worn.Downsides include the following:Internet access - you are supposed to pay for access, however I was able to get unlimited access every day, it never showed up on the bill and I wasn't going to say something due to the next issue. Telephone...calling local, not internationally, locally was a $12.00 charge on the bill for a 4 minute call. Mind you it was to a mobile, but still, $12.00 seemed a bit steep - even with a horrible exchange rate. Breakfast - not really what you expect if you were paying $240/night. Very plain, very nondescript English Breakfast. Service was spotty and the food was just OK. I'd recommend walking the 1/2 block to the west and going to Cafe' Diana. We did and loved it every morning!Beds - Even if you request a double, you are going to get 2 twin beds pushed together. Not really a great way of sleeping - someone always seems to fall into the crack. Overall, if you are looking for one of the less expensive places to stay in Notting Hill, the Westland Hotel may be for you, just don't expect a lot and you won't be disappointed.	
May 21 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Westland. Location was great, easy access to the tube and bus (weather and traffic made bus usage frustrating; tube much better). Staff was very helpful and made calls for us (on their own, not requested) to confirm open and closing times of the sights to see. Also, arranged for taxi. Hotel has an elevator (lift) which makes checking in/out much easier. Room was clean and very functional. Breakfasts were good; food service staff was attentive and efficient. Would stay here again.	
Nov 5 2007	Great little hotel	On our first trip to London I wanted to stay in a hotel that had old world charm, and was in a good location. The Westland had both. The room was much larger than we expected, and the bathroom was great. Both were kept very clean. The hotel is small &amp; family run, so it had the charm I was looking for, and there were 3 tube stops within a 5 minute walk. We couldn't have asked for better. We felt the price was reasonable as well. The staff was friendly and helpful. We arrived 3 hours before check in, and had planned just to drop off our luggage, but they had a double room that was not being used, and let us have that room, which was much more than we expected.We only had two problems. I felt the pillow was extremely hard (so we went to Ikea &amp; bought a new one), and the free breakfast only included toast, which wasn't that big of deal, but it would have been nice if it was a little more substantial.Our stay was 6 nights Sept/Oct 2007.We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great place to stay	Excellent value. We stayed 3 nights in early October. Great location in residential area on Bayswater Rd., across street from Kensington Gardens. Within 10 minute walk of 3 tube stations. Plenty of restaurants within a few minutes walk, and a laundry one block away. Our room, with balcony, faced Kensington Gardens, and was very quiet with large double-pane door/window. The room was large, by European standards, and very clean. The en-suite bathroom was also large, had combo bath/shower with plenty of towels, pressure and hot water. There is a bit of confusion in the breakfast room about full-English. If your room rate includes it, be sure to tell the staff. The continental breakfast is very basic.The reception staff was very helpful, with suggestions on transportation, eating, ATMs, etc. The manager, Shirley, was very helpful in getting us a refund on some long distance calls made from the room using an independent provider. Be aware! Would stay again in a minute!	
Oct 19 2007 	These hoteliers were our saviours after a real bad experience...	The kind people from the Westland Hotel took us in when we had nowhere to go after walking out of another filthy hovel of a hotel called the Blue Bell in Notting Hill.It was 5pm on a Saturday night in London with nowhere to stay but when we knocked on their door, a warm welcome awaited us when they heard our plight. The owners really put themselves out - they did not actually have a room for us, but offered us the flat on the top floor for 1 night, then said they could provide a proper bedroom for the next 2 nights. We gladly took them up on their offer.We found the hotel very comfortable and clean, the reception staff extremely kind and helpful - they go that extra mile to make your stay a pleasant one and make you welcome!Really lovely hot breakfast - all freshly cooked to order! Piping hot, which is the only way!Very peaceful, relaxing experience, after a most horrendous fright when we were shown the accommodation at the hotel we had originally booked. We walked out of a nightmare into a haven of friendliness and helpfulness and felt at home during our stay.Thank you all very much.	
Oct 8 2007 	Highly recommendable	A lovely, highly recommendable, elegant british style Hotel in London. Actually the best I´ve ever stayed being in London. I´ve got nothing to complain about. The rooms are nicely decorated , very spacious and spottlessly clean, as the bathrooms are. We had a room to the rear which was nice and quiet. Even with a balcony !The staff were very nice. The (english ) breakfast was rich and personally and freshly prepared for each guest , served by friendly waitresses! The surrounding is nice, too. Close to Notting Hill where you can take a nice walk even at night. Also close to any kind of transportation. What else do you need for a pleasant visit to London.	
Aug 26 2007 	Loved the spacioussolid rooms but there are some problems	We visited the Westland hotel from 21 – 24 August 2007. It is just what you expect from an old English hotel: a large lobby, well decorated in an “old-fashioned” style and very kind staff. We booked a single and a double room. The former was a rather small room at the rear of the hotel, the latter was a spacious room on the 5th floor with a wide view on Kensington Gardens. Westland is situated on the very busy Bayswater road, but the double glazed windows tempered the traffic noise, although this will probably not be sufficient on the first three floors. There are several bus stops in front of the hotel and the underground is about 300 meters away. This means that there is a direct connection with the city centre and the Royal Albert Hall as well (bus 70). There is a very nice bar, the Black Lions, near the corner of Bayswater Road and Queensway, where you can have a good meal and nice wine at reasonable prices. The Bar Churchill Arms is worth the visit too (take the bus in the direction of the Albert Hall). There are several good restaurants in the neighbourhood. There is no air-conditioning, so during warm periods it might be rather unpleasant, certainly if you let the street noise prevent you from opening a window. This wasn’t our problem at all, as the weather was rather rainy. The rooms are carpeted and well decorated and have a trouser press, an ironing board, a desk, a linen cupboard, a TV (only 5 channels) + radio and coffee/tea facilities (but without the usual coffee- or teabags). Our beds had very good mattresses and blankets that smelled a little dusty (which was no problem after I beat my blankets after the first night). There is a large bathroom with a hair dryer, a tub and a shower, but showering is a problem. In the single room it was impossible to take a shower in the morning: if the tap is coming above point 3 on a 10 points scale, there is no hot water. In the double room the water pressure varies from a small jet to normal. In this bathroom the ventilator works night and day, and you cannot switch it off. We informed the staff, but no action was taken. Continental breakfast was included in the price of the room and consisted of juice, toasted bread, butter, jam/marmalade and tea or coffee. For an additional 8 pounds (about 12 euro) it is possible of having a full English breakfast. Then you can also have cornflakes, eggs, bacon, sausage and porridge or kippers or baked beans or cheese and hot chocolate. For this price, I have had better breakfasts. We booked through Buro Britan in Amsterdam and paid 525,00 euro for both rooms, which is really a good offer. Will we return at that price? Probably yes, but only when we can have a room far from Bayswater road.	
Jul 3 2007 	Very large rooms for a reasonable price	The Westland Hotel offers very large rooms for a reasonable price by London standards. The hotel is well situated near the northwest corner of Kensington Park and is close to 2 Circle line tube stops. The front desk staff is very helpful and there are plenty of good restaurants nearby. Rooms are kept quite clean though the decor is not fancy (we had a standard room) but who cares about room decor as you're there to see London! The shower is strong and has plenty of hot water excpet in the early morning hours. Unlike many other places we stayed in England there is actually a large tub in the spacious bathroom if you prefer baths to showers. English breakfast is included in the price of the room and it's quite good with fast service if you're in a hurry to get our sightseeing.	
Jun 25 2007 	elegant old world charm	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Westland for 5 nights in June. We loved it! Old world elegance, beautiful large room with a little balcony, nice large bathroom. Very clean. Elevator. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the desk is staffed 24 hours. We had a queen size bed, a little hard, but we got used to it.. The location was fabulous. 5 minute walk to 2 tube stops, right on a bus line, a walk to Queensway, Notting Hill, Portobello market, restaurants, a laundramat. Right near Kensingston Gardens. There was no AC but you could request a fan and ice. The breakfast was kind of boring. More than one Starbucks nearby!We felt that it was the perfect location, and a very comfortable place to stay.	
Sep 1 2006 	flat on top floor	stumbled upon this hotel after knocking on doors in every hotel in bayswater...all booked solid....BUT...got given the flat on the top floor....own kitchen, washing machine, dryer seperate bedroom..and a balcony...for london standards...sheer luxury...all for the price of a double room....just dont expect the ritz	
Jul 2 2006	Excellent 2 days!	Anyone reading the reviews of this hotel may have a slight reservation (no pun!) rest assured this hotel is excellent!! No doubt people have had bad experiences in this hotel, but they were unlucky! From the moment we arrived we were impressed. We were greeted warmly by the staff. We were early and didn't expect our room to be ready and indeed it wasn't. The concierge helped us with our bags into a secure area of the hotel and off we went for a fine afternoon of shopping and lunching in London. On our return, we were again greeted warmly by the same concierge who informed us our room was ready and our luggage was waiting for us in the room! Not only that, we had been given the best room with balcony view of the park. They had also seen fit to install a fan. It's 32 degrees in London at the moment so very welcome!!The room itself was of a decent size, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean! What more could you ask for?Breakfast was excellent! The waitress today (Sunday) was a little sullen, but wouldn't you be stuck in a hotel when it is 30+ outside?!!The hotel does not have a bar, but why do you need one when you have Notting Hill 100 yards down the road?Location is perfect, a few minutes walk from Queensway tube, which will take you to the centre of London within 10 minutes. Kensinginton Park is right across the road. You can pick up a tour bus just outside the hotel. Buy your tickat at the hotel.We will stay here again!	
Mar 9 2006	Quaint and quiet	My first trip to London was wonderful. Having the opportunity to stay at the Westland was perfect. The staff are friendly and outgoing. I met a wonderful waitress in the hotel resturant who was pleasant and friendly.The rooms are of ample size, and you just have to love the tub. Deep with plenty of room to stretch out. After a hetic day of sightseeing it was always nice to come back to a pleasant room. I would definitely stay here again. Well worth the money and centrally located for me.	
Oct 23 2005	Go elsewhere - any other hotel should be better than this one	I had the chance to stay in 3 different hotels in London. This was definitely the worst. Although the room is big, the beds are awful.And if you like having a nice breakfast, you absolutely have to go elsewhere. For no less than 10 pounds the so-called British breakfast consisted of 1 slice of bread smeared with very little cheese (about 30% of the slice had no cheese at all). If you order bacon and eggs with tomatoes take care because they are offering very very salted bacon, the scrambeled eggs are terrible and the &quot;tomatoes&quot; are in fact 1/2 of a plum-tomato.That beeing said I highly suggest anyone to try another hotel.Catalin PopescuPS. I have somewhere some photos of how the breakfast looked like. I may post them later.	
Oct 1 2005	Solid accomodation	My family of 6 stayed in the Westland for 4 nights. This hotel provided us with clean accomodations, nice bathroom, and a great breakfast. No airconditioning. The street noise was a bit bothersome and the blow-up mattress on our pull-out bed was one of the more uncomfortable beds we had on our 3 week European trip. The location did provide easy access to public transportation.	
Sep 26 2005	Absolutely Fantastic	My partner and I stayed at the Westland for two nights in September 2005. The room was immaculate, beautifully decorated and extremely clean, the bathroom was lovely, and the spa bath was fantastic (did pay extra for this in the room). It was more like a suite than a hotel room.Breakfast was lovely, extremely filling, kept us going well into the day. All the staff were very friendly, helpful and polite. We will definitely come back to the Westland next time we are in London for a nice stay. Highly recommend this hotel. Across the road from Hyde Park, on a main bus route, lots to see and do in that area and close to central London on tube or bus.	
Jul 18 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed for just 1 night after seeing a concert in Hyde Park. The twin room we had was huge, much bigger than you would expect in London with all the facilities you needed (tv, hairdryer, tea/coffee facilities etc..). The lobby and lounge was beautifully decorated and the staff on the reception desk were very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was good. The hotel is well situated for bus links and the walk to Notting Hill/Portobello Road took approx 15 mins. There are a couple of pubs on the same road as the hotel, all serving food. Euston station is approx 35 mins away on the bus.All in all the hotel was fantastic, a good price for London,a great location. We will definatly stay there again - and certainly for more than 1 night next time.	
Jun 20 2005	BIG problem the hotel is very dirty......!!!!!!!!!	We stay at the Westland for a week.We are 4. The room rate is VERY expensivefor what you get, poor breakfast, the roomsare very dirty, what else !!!!!!!!Try to get other hotel.	
Oct 1 2004	We loved the Westland!	My husband and I were at the Westland for 5 nights in September 2004. The hotel is beautiful with lovely furnishings. Our room was very large and extremely clean. The staff treated us like family. We came in much later than usual one night and were told by the front desk clerk that he was happy to see us! The hotel is convenient to a bus stop and two tube stations. Lots of restaurants close by and beautiful Kenningsing Park across the street. We highly recomend this beautiful Hotel and the most helpful staff.	
May 9 2004	A gem. Great location.	We were surprised to learn that no one had written a review of the Westland Hotel. We stayed there in October 2003 for four nights. The hotel is located on Bayswater between the Queensway and Notting Hill Gate tube stops. Walk accross Bayswater and you are in Kensington Gardens. (Walk accross the park to Harrod's for lunch one day.)You are just a few steps from the Heathrow bus stop and can take the tube to Paddington for the Heathrow Express. On Saturdays, the Portobello Road Market is an easy fifteen minute walk. As we said, a great location.The hotel lobby has a charming living room atmosphere and the staff is very helpful and friendly. We lost a pair of glasses and the desk assistant worked for an hour to get us to the right person at the department store. They helped us find a one-hour glasses shop for replacement.Our room was a comfortable twin bedded room in the back which was very quiet. The bath was clean and the storage ample. Our view wasn't much but if you are in London, why are you looking out your room window instead of seeing the city?Breakfast was on the ground floor in an attractive room with excellent service. The breakfast was very good and certainly more than we needed to eat. The Italian restaurant on Bayswater toward the Notting Hill stop is excellent. We had dinner there twice during our stay.We would recommend this to anyone who wants a real London experience and will certainly consider it on our next London visit.	
Nov 26 2008 	Bien situado y limpio		
Sep 3 2008 	Preis-Leistung OK		
May 18 2008 	Sehr angenehmes City-Hotel		
Jan 14 2008 	Westland Hotel London: Very Bristish- SCHÖN		
